Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-op-ed-des-moines-register-january-3-2024

Donald Trump: The most urgent task facing the next president is to end Joe Biden's nation-wrecking nightmare on our southern border. I am the only candidate who will stop this invasion -- and I will do it on day one.

Donald Trump: Under the Trump administration, we had the most secure border in U.S. history. We ended catch-and-release, and removed over 1 million illegal aliens in my first term. I negotiated unprecedented agreements with Central American nations and brokered "Remain in Mexico" to stop the flow of migrants to our border.

Donald Trump: I also got the Mexican government to deploy tens of thousands of soldiers to the border free of charge.

Donald Trump: Every step of the way, we fought obstructionist left-wing judges and radical Democrat activists who tried to stop us -- and we won.

Donald Trump: By the time I left office, we'd built 500 miles of border wall, with many more miles just weeks away from completion. And under my Title 42 policy, people all over the world knew that if they entered illegally, we would send them straight back home.

Donald Trump: But then Joe Biden came in, canceled the border wall, ended Remain in Mexico, ripped up my asylum bans, ended Title 42, and began resettling millions of migrants into American communities at taxpayer expense.

Donald Trump: Now you are witnessing the disastrous results. We have the highest number of illegal border crossings in history, by far. Nearly a quarter million migrants crossed in November alone -- and that's a likely vast undercount. Migrants are overwhelming our cities. Drugs, criminals, gang members and terrorists are pouring in.

Donald Trump: On my first day back in office, I will terminate every open borders policy of the Biden administration and immediately restore the full set of strong Trump border policies.

Donald Trump: Then, we will begin a record-setting deportation operation. Joe Biden has given us no choice. The millions of illegal aliens who have invaded under Biden require a record number of removals. This is just common sense.

Donald Trump: To achieve this goal, I will make clear to every department and to state and local governments that we must use all resources and authorities available. We will shift massive portions of federal law enforcement to immigration enforcement -- including parts of the DEA, ATF, FBI, and DHS.

Donald Trump: I also will invoke the Alien Enemies Act to remove known or suspected gang members, drug dealers, or cartel members from the United States. And we will use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis at last.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden is leaving behind a catastrophe of historic proportions. The next president must secure the border while also stopping inflation, saving the economy, cleaning up Washington corruption, restoring peace through strength, and preventing World War III.

Donald Trump: We do not have time for on-the-job training. Unlike every other candidate, with me, there is no question. I promise you that I will get this job done.

Donald Trump: Iowans want secure borders. You must send that message with your vote. Show up on Jan. 15 and vote to stop the invasion by caucusing for Donald J. Trump.

Note: Donald J. Trump is a Republican candidate for president. He was the 45th president of the United States.