Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-op-ed-des-moines-register-january-10-2024

Donald Trump: Our country is in serious trouble.

Donald Trump: Under Joe Biden, our borders have been erased. Millions of illegal aliens are invading from all over the world. Inflation is crushing our middle class. Gasoline and energy prices are brutalizing your wallets. Violent criminals are running wild while law enforcement has been weaponized against Christians and conservatives.

Donald Trump: Wars are raging in Europe and the Middle East. China is threatening Taiwan, Iran is inches away from a nuclear bomb, our military has gone woke, and we are teetering on the brink of World War III.

Donald Trump: There is only one candidate in this race who is up to the task of saving America from every single Biden disaster starting on Day One.

Donald Trump: Since 2016, I have been taking on the entire corrupt system in Washington like no one ever has before. Together with millions of patriotic citizens, we stood up to the failed establishment, the fake news media, the deep state, the globalists, the warmongers, and the radical left -- and delivered historic victories for the American people.

Donald Trump: Virtually every American was better off under the Trump administration. Our country was richer, safer, freer and stronger.

Donald Trump: Now it is time to finish the job that we started once and for all.

Donald Trump: This is no time to waste your vote on another establishment career politician. Our country is dying -- and unlike every other candidate in this race, with me, you can be certain that I will always put America first, and with God's help, I will get the job done.

Donald Trump: The 2024 election is our last chance to save our country. The same corrupt forces that have been fighting us every step of the way are now shattering every democratic norm to try to stop us from defeating them in this final battle.

Donald Trump: Biden and his henchmen indicted their leading political opponent, me, and they are even trying to get us kicked off the ballot in a lawless attempt to disenfranchise millions of voters.

Donald Trump: The reason Biden and his protectors are trying everything to stop us is simple: because they know that we are the only ones who can stop them.

Donald Trump: I am running to be the champion of every American who has been wronged or betrayed by the failed and corrupt political class in our nation's capital.

Donald Trump: I am running for the law-abiding citizens whose communities are overrun by Biden's border invasion, the families ravaged by his uncontrolled inflation, the autoworkers seeing their jobs destroyed by his Green New Scam, the residents of our cities that Democratic policies have turned into war zones, and the parents whose children have been poisoned by deadly fentanyl.

Donald Trump: I am in this fight for YOU. That's why I am asking for your support.

Donald Trump: With your vote, we will rescue our economy, end the inflation nightmare, and unleash American energy.

Donald Trump: We will secure our border.

Donald Trump: We will protect the American worker and the American family.

Donald Trump: We will deliver for the American farmer, and unlike those who've voted repeatedly to destroy ethanol, we will defend Iowa ethanol.

Donald Trump: We will stop the weaponization of our government.

Donald Trump: We will end the evil indoctrination of our children.

Donald Trump: We will appoint rock-solid federal judges and outstanding Supreme Court justices to protect our rights and our Constitution -- just as I did before.

Donald Trump: We will restore peace through strength -- and keep America out of endless foreign wars.

Donald Trump: And we will save the American Dream.

Donald Trump: The Iowa Caucuses are Monday, Jan. 15, at 7 p.m. If you want to save America, you must vote Trump to Make America Great Again.

Note: Donald J. Trump is a Republican candidate for president. He was the 45th president of the United States.