Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-op-ed-newsweek-economy-october-1-2024

Note: [The following is an Op-Ed published online in Newsweek on October 1, 2024, written by Donald Trump. Op-Ed courtesy of Newsweek. You can view the original here: https://cqrc.al/newsweek-op-ed-20241001]

Donald Trump: For years, Americans have watched as our country has been stripped of our jobs and stripped of our wealth. We've watched our companies get sold off to foreign countries. But with my plan for the American economy, this will stop immediately. When I am president, we will begin to take other countries' jobs and factories, bringing businesses and trillions of dollars back to the United States.

Donald Trump: Under my plan, American workers will no longer be worried about losing their jobs to foreign nations. Instead, foreign nations will be worried about losing their jobs to Americans. German car companies can become American car companies. We can beat China in electronic production. Manufacturers that have left us will come sprinting back to our shores.

Donald Trump: Here's the deal that I will be offering to companies and manufacturers around the planet: The United States will give you the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet—but only if you make your products here in America and hire American workers for the job.

Donald Trump: If these companies don't take the deal, they'll pay a tariff when they send their products—made in another country—to us. And we will use the hundreds of billions of tariff dollars to benefit American citizens.

Donald Trump: This New American Industrialism will create millions of jobs, massively raise wages for American workers, and make the United States a manufacturing powerhouse once again.

Donald Trump: By contrast, Vice President Kamala Harris, the Tax Queen, plans to tax unrealized capital gains, so if a company succeeds, it must give half of its value to the government. Harris is right now shutting down power-plants across the country, causing electricity prices to soar by more than 100 percent and driving us into third world status by attacking the entire fossil fuel industry.

Donald Trump: In Kamala Harris' America, if you ship production overseas, she will give you a tax break and subsidies. With her tie-breaking vote on what I call the "Inflation Creation Act," she sent billions to Chinese battery factories, Chinese solar factories, and Chinese electronics factories. It's no wonder that under Kamala Harris, we lost 24,000 manufacturing jobs in August 2024 alone.

Donald Trump: But this horrific nightmare for American workers ends the day I take the oath of office.

Donald Trump: The centerpiece of my plan for a manufacturing renaissance will be a 15 percent Made in America Corporate Tax Rate, cutting the business tax from 21 percent to 15 percent—but again, only for those who make their product in America. U.S.-based manufacturers will also be rewarded with expanded research and development tax credits to help build the sprawling, state-of-the art plants our country needs to be an industrial superpower in the modern world.

Donald Trump: We will cut energy and electricity prices in half within 12 months—not just for businesses but for all Americans and their families, and we will quickly double our electricity capacity, which we need to do to compete with China and other countries on Artificial Intelligence. With the lowest energy prices on earth, we will attract energy-hungry industries from all over the planet and millions of blue-collar jobs.

Donald Trump: We will also set up special zones on federal land with ultra-low taxes and regulations for American producers, to entice the relocation of entire industries from other countries. And we will seriously expedite environmental approvals so we can use the resources we have right here on American soil.

Donald Trump: And I have pledged to remove 10 old and burdensome regulations from the books for every new regulation. In my first term as president, I was the biggest regulation cutter in history!

Donald Trump: To help ensure our pro-manufacturing policies reach their full potential, I will also appoint a Manufacturing Ambassador, whose sole task will be to go around the world and convince major manufacturers to pack up and move their production to America.

Donald Trump: And we will also remove millions of illegal immigrants from this country. These migrants are taking jobs from American workers and driving down their wages, especially African American and Hispanic workers. Our agenda will always prioritize American workers making good wages.

Donald Trump: The same can't be said for Vice President Kamala Harris, who oversaw an influx of millions upon millions of illegal immigrants into the United States, presiding over the worst border crisis in American history.

Donald Trump: If Vice President Harris gets four more years, this time as president, she will de-industrialize the United States and destroy our country. We will become a Banana Republic. There will be no car industry, no steel industry, no significant manufacturing of any kind—and we will be at risk of military defeat.

Donald Trump: Here's a very simple fact: If you don't have steel, you don't have a military. That's one of the reasons I'm not going to allow Japan to buy U.S. Steel, which 70 years ago was the greatest company on earth.

Donald Trump: My industrial policy is only one piece of an economic vision for revitalizing this country for the hardest working Americans. It will join my 2017 tax cuts for working Americans—the largest in U.S. history, which I will make permanent—and my new proposal to ban all taxes on overtime hours, tips for service workers, and Social Security benefits for our great seniors. And we will deport millions of illegal immigrants and begin to control our own borders again, restoring wonderful jobs in America to legal American workers.

Donald Trump: This is how we will make America affordable again.

Donald Trump: Vote Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing from China to Pennsylvania, from South Korea to North Carolina, and from Germany to Georgia.

Donald Trump: We will bring back the American dream, bigger, better, and stronger than ever before.

Note: [Newsweek Editor's Note: Donald J. Trump was the 45th president of the United States and a presidential candidate.]

Note: [Newsweek Editor's Note: The views expressed in this article are the writer's own.]