Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-op-ed-triblive-november-3-2024

Donald Trump: With the most important election of our lifetimes just days away, I have a simple question: Are you better off now than you were four years ago? Are groceries, gas and rent more affordable? Do you feel safer in our cities? Is our border secure?

Donald Trump: For most Americans, the answer is a resounding "NO."

Donald Trump: That is why I am in this race with a message of hope for all Americans: With your vote in this election, I will end inflation, stop the migrant invasion and bring back the American dream.

Donald Trump: I will, once again, unleash American energy -- from Pennsylvania's God-given bounty of natural gas to nuclear power -- to create thousands of jobs, cut your utility bills in half and fuel an American industrial renaissance.

Donald Trump: We will finally secure our southern border and end the stream of gangsters, terrorists and deadly drugs that is flowing right into our communities.

Donald Trump: I will be a champion for the American worker, who has suffered under lopsided trade deals that have pillaged our country. That will end on my watch, and we will use tariffs to fight against unfair trade practices by other countries and foster our own industrial growth.

Donald Trump: Together, we will also make our city streets safe again. I will work with law enforcement to ensure that families and businesses can thrive in our cities, without fear of violent crime or flagrant drug use. That is why the Fraternal Order of Police and 49 of Pennsylvania's sheriffs have endorsed me.

Donald Trump: This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence, failure and disaster -- or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. Together, we will Make America Great Again and usher in a new Golden Age for our country and our children.

Note: Donald Trump is the Republican candidate for president.