Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-3-hour-3-chicago-august-21-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Olivia Troye: -- I saw how Donald Trump undermined our intelligence community, our military leaders and ultimately our democratic process. Now he's doing it again lying and laying the groundwork to undermine this election. It's his M.O to sow doubt and division that's what Trump wants because it's the only way he wins.

Olivia Troye: And that's what our foreign adversaries want because it's the only way they win as a national security expert, e Como, Latina e, hija de una, migrant mexicana qué, realiza, el sueno, Americano being inside Trump's White House was terrifying. But what keeps me up at night is what will happen if he gets back there.

Olivia Troye: The guardrails are gone, the few adults in the room, the first time resigned or were fired. I grew up in the kind of working family that Trump pretends to care about conservative Catholic Texan. July 4th was our most sacred holiday. Those values made me a Republican and they're the same values that make me proud to support.

Olivia Troye: Kamala Harris, Not because we agree on every issue, but because we agree on the most important issue protecting our freedom. So to my fellow Republicans, if you aren't voting for a Democrat, you're voting for democracy, you aren't betraying our party, you're standing up for our country. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Georgia Lieutenant Governor, Geoff Duncan.

Geoff Duncan: Good evening, good evening. I bring greetings from the great state of Georgia, so let's get the hard part out of the way. I am a Republican. But tonight, I stand here as an American and an American that cares more about the future of this country than the future of Donald Trump. My journey started to this podium years ago when I realized Donald Trump was willing to lie cheat and steal to try to overturn the 2020 election.

Geoff Duncan: I realized Trump was a direct threat to democracy and his actions disqualified him from ever, ever, ever stepping foot into the Oval Office. Again, I could spend my time revving up this crowd, but I'm certain I don't have to talk anybody out of voting for Donald Trump here. So I'm going to focus my attention on the millions of Republicans and independents that are at home that are sick and tired of making excuses for Donald Trump.

Geoff Duncan: If Republicans are being intellectually honest with ourselves, our party is not civil or conservative, it's chaotic and crazy. And the only thing left to do is dump Trump. But these days, our party acts more like a cult, a cult, worshiping, a felonius thug. Look, you don't have to agree with every policy position of Kamala Harris.

Geoff Duncan: I don't -- but you do have to recognize her prosecutor mindset that understands right from wrong, good from evil. She's a steady hand and will bring leadership to the white House that Donald Trump could never do. Let me be clear to my Republican friends at home watching. If you vote for Kamala, Harris Kamala Harris in 2024, you're a patriot. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Geoff Duncan: In our family, my wife, Brooke and I are raising three boys and we have a family motto and it says doing the right thing will never be the wrong thing during 2020. During the just the lowest of lows when we had armed officers outside our house protecting us from other Republicans, Donald Trump had targeted us. My son came downstairs and he handed me this coaster that I had given him years before at a father son retreat for our church and he said, hey, dad, doing the right thing will never be the wrong thing.

Geoff Duncan: Stay strong. To my fellow Republicans at home that want to pivot back towards policy, empathy and tone, you know the right thing to do. Now let's have the courage to do it in November. Thank you and God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] We will never give up -- we will never concede it doesn't happen. You don't concede when there's theft involved. And after this, we're going to walk down and I'll be there with you and we're going to walk down to the Capitol. Because you'll never take back our country with weakness. You have to show strength and you have to be strong. 350, Does it look like we're going to have an ad hoc march stepping off here?

Unidentified: [Video clip] There's a crowd surge heading east. Mike Pence, I hope you're going to stand up for the good of our Constitution and for the good of our country and if you're not, I'm going to be very disappointed in you. I will tell you right now. To get out of here, we're going to get Brian. He's going to try to get compliance, but this is now effectively a riot. 49 hours declaring it a riot. 5 to 50ft trying to breach and get into the Capitol.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Hold on hold on hold the line on the Capitol, we have a breach of the Capitol breach of the Capitol to the upper level. Mike Pence didn't have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our country and our Constitution now pence is our first real threat best foot forward. No, We can't hold this.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We're going to get too many people look at this vantage point, man, we're trying to hold the upper deck and we're trying to hold the upper back down. We need a hearing aid for the council members. We're all walking over now through the tunnels. We need to move down. If we lose any more time, we may lose the ability to leave.

Unidentified: [Video clip] So we're going to leave, we need to do it now. We lost the line, I went back to the upper deck and shop. It's two away with four members, the doors, barricade, there's people flooded, the hallways outside, we have no way out. Officers still remaining on the House floor so we can secure the members on the other side.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Copy Up, Sit down, get him up, he loves to go, get him up. I Want to go back up. And if I win, I will be looking very, very strongly about pardons and I mean full pardons with an apology to the many, an apology. They were peaceful people.

Unidentified: [Video clip] These were great people, the crowd was unbelievable and I mentioned the word love the love the love in the air. I've never seen anything like it.

Unidentified: Please welcome, Mississippi Representative Bennie Thompson.

Bennie Thompson: On January 6th, like most of my colleagues, I had one goal to uphold the votes of the American people, the cornerstone of our American democracy. But as what you've just witnessed, let me remind you that the members of that violent mob had another goal. They wanted to stop the peaceful transfer of power for the first time in American democracy.

Bennie Thompson: Thank God, they failed because in this country we settle our differences at the ballot box, not through violence. It took a long time to get here and we are not going back because I remember that dark history, it's my own history in this life. My father never cast a vote because of Jim Crow, so I dedicated my career to protecting the votes against violence and discrimination.

Bennie Thompson: You can imagine what I felt on January 6th when I saw with my own eyes those insurrectionists trying to take that away. They did it to rob millions of Americans of their votes. They did it because Donald Trump couldn't handle losing, he lied about the election fraud. He called his conspiracy led mob to Washington.

Bennie Thompson: He would rather subvert democracy than submit to it. Now he's plotting again his campaign proclaims that elections won't end until the moment of inauguration. We will win or it was rigged, we win or else. This is Donald. Trump's America elections are about choice, choose democracy, not political violence.

Bennie Thompson: Choose the America, we've always taught our children to love, choose Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Please welcome former United States Capitol Police sergeant Aquilino Gonell.

Aquilino Gonell: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Before I begin -- before I begin, I need to acknowledge the sacrifices that fire officers who died as a result of January 6th, May on that day. My name is Aquilino Gonell I immigrated to the US from the Dominican Republic. When I was 12, I became an American citizen. I was a sergeant in the US Army in a Capitol Police officer.

Aquilino Gonell: I had seen violence while serving in Iraq, but nothing -- nothing prepared me for January 6th. We officers risked risks everything to protect innocent people. We were beaten and blinded. I was assaulted with a pole attached to the American flag President Trump, summoned, our attackers and sided with them. He betrayed us when I joined the Army and Capitol Police, I took an oath to defend the Constitution.

Aquilino Gonell: I did so with duty in my soul and I still feel it to Donald Trump. I ask why don't you On January 6th, I nearly died protecting the Capitol and I will do it again for our democracy. The way to preserve it is to elect Kamala Harris. Our first female Commander in chief.

Unidentified: Please welcome new Jersey Representative, Andy Kim.

Andy Kim: When I was a kid, my parents brought me to the Capitol, they taught me that it's sacred ground, a symbol of our democracy. When I got to Congress, I was excited to bring my little boys to the same beautiful building. I asked them, do you like the Capitol And my oldest son Austin said, I love the Capitol and lowercase two.

Andy Kim: They are so sweet, but shortly after we saw something unimaginable, a mob tearing down flight I walked into the rotunda, the floor was covered in broken glass and garbage strewn with the chaos unleashed by Donald Trump and I thought to myself how did it get this bad. So I did -- the only thing I could think of, I grabbed the trash bag and started cleaning up what I learned on January 6th is that all of us, all of us are caretakers for our great republic.

Andy Kim: We can heal this country, but only if we try, many of you are doing your part through your voices and your votes. Always remember this chaos that we see, it doesn't have to be this way as a father. I refuse to believe that our kids are doomed to grow up in a broken America.

Andy Kim: There is a hunger right now in this country for a new generation of leadership to step up, let's choose Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. Let's do this for our kids and our grandkids. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Olivia Julianna.

Olivia Julianna: Hello from a proud Texas Democrat this November. I'll cast my first vote in a Presidential election ever. The fact is our right to vote is under attack. I've seen it long wait lines, people blocked from registering to vote. Texans denied our voice, donald Trump's Republicans are making it harder for us to vote, but we won't let them get away with it and Kamala Harris won't let them get away with it either.

Olivia Julianna: She's fought for our freedoms, she's fought for our voice, but we will only be heard if we vote. Yes, as the saying goes, if you're not at the table, you're on the menu. So Gen Z, let's take our seat in our democracy and cast our ballots this November for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz and now.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, American icon Stevie Wonder.

Stevie Wonder: I just want to say, I love you, I love you and every song that I've sang, every song that I've written, it's because of my love for you right here. But this year, this year, I've prayed very hard for peace to come to our world's nations, but also to each one of our hearts, even though our hearts have been beaten and broken beyond prayer.

Stevie Wonder: I know the importance of action and now is the time to understand where we are and what it will take to win, win the broken hearts, win the disenchanted win. The angry spirits now is the time. This is the moment to remember when you tell your children where you were and what you did as we -- as we stand.

Stevie Wonder: Between history's pain and tomorrow's promises, we must choose Courage over complacency. It is time to get up and go vote. Yeah, listen the choice is clear, clear Than anyone else is saying. Did you hear me Clear than anyone else is saying you feel me? Yeah, yeah. We need to choose joy over anger kindness over recrimination.

Stevie Wonder: And peace over war, every time we must choose to be above the ugly words, the hateful, anger and the division. Those words and anger create. We must keep on keeping on until we truly are a united people of these United States. And then and then we will reach our higher ground, are y'all ready? Are y'all ready to reach a higher ground?

Stevie Wonder: Are you ready to reach a higher, higher, higher ground? Tell me I want to hear you again. Are you ready? Are we ready? Because you know we need Kamala Harris. Yes, we do and we need a great man as we do have as a future Vice President. You know that, so you know what I'm depending on you to do as Spike Lee would say: do the right thing.

Stevie Wonder: Yes, are y'all ready? Are y'all ready?

Note: [Stevie Wonder sings a song.]

Cory Booker: Live from New York, it's Saturday night. Please welcome, Kenan Thompson.

Kenan Thompson: All right, all right. What's up DNC? All right? Y'all remember this big old book from before when Colorado Governor, Jared Polis ripped a page out of it. This is project 2025, the Republican blueprint for a second Trump term. It is a -- yeah, yeah, boo, it is a real document that you can read for yourself at Kamala harris.com/project 2025, You ever seen a document that could kill a small animal and democracy at the same time.

Kenan Thompson: Here it is you know how, when you download an app and there are hundreds of pages there that you don't read, It's just the terms and conditions and you just click agree right. Well, these are the terms and conditions of a second Trump presidency. You vote for him, you vote for all of this. Let's take a look.

Kenan Thompson: All right, do we got Matt here with us tonight is Matt here. Hey, there, he is matt. How are you sir? All right, matt. Now Matt, I understand that you work as an AV tech in Nevada and you make a decent hourly wage. Is that right? Oh, I don't know if we can here, Matt, can we hear Matt? So who's going to fix it? Keep speaking, Matt, till we can hear you.

Kenan Thompson: Huh, Okay, that's good. I guess we're going to move on from Matt, and this is Becky. Becky, can we hear you?

Unidentified: Hi Keenan, it's great to be here.

Kenan Thompson: Thank you. All right. Good. Now, Becky. You're married, correct?

Unidentified: I am. Me and my wife have been together for about eight years.

Unidentified: Oh, that's amazing, very, very cute. Thanks. But I have got some bad news for you. I hate that on page 584, project 2025 calls for the elimination of protections for LGBTQ+ Americans. So yeah, right back to the Stone age, I'm afraid. So right back to the Stone age.

Unidentified: Right back to the stone age. That's terrible.

Kenan Thompson: Yeah, it is. Thank you Becky for being here and making that wonderful point. All right, next up we have Nirvana. Nirvana, are you with us? And your people are with us as well? Alright, good. Now Nirvana, I understand that you are on insulin to manage your diabetes, yes.

Unidentified: Yes, and thanks to President Biden and Vice President Harris, I only pay $ 35 a month for my insulin.

Kenan Thompson: That is great, that is great. But on page 465, Project 2025 calls for millions of people like yourself to pay more for prescription drugs like insulin.

Unidentified: Why?

Kenan Thompson: Why? Well, I guess maybe to help Big Pharma make more money that they can donate to Republican politicians I assume?

Unidentified: Yeah, that makes sense.

Kenan Thompson: Yes, unfortunately, it does make sense. All right, let's talk to Anita. Anita, are you there?

Unidentified: Yes.

Kenan Thompson: Hello, Anita.

Unidentified: Hello.

Kenan Thompson: And Anita, what do you do for a living?

Unidentified: I'm an OB-GYN who delivers babies and does surgery.

Unidentified: An OB-GYN. She is an OB-GYN that delivers babies, uh oh.

Unidentified: Uh, oh, yeah, it's bad news, isn't it?

Kenan Thompson: It sure is on page 459, project 2025 resurrects a law from the 1800s called the Comstock Act to ban abortion nationwide and throw health care providers in jail.

Unidentified: Oh my God, that is awful.

Kenan Thompson: Yes, it is awful. All right, let's do one more. Is Sharia with us? Sharia, are you there?

Unidentified: Hey Keenan, I'm here.

Unidentified: Yes, Sharia. I love it, alright. Let's talk to you. Um, I understand that you work for the federal government?

Unidentified: Yes, sir, I'm in the United States Department of Education. I'm a proud civil servant and a proud union President.

Kenan Thompson: She works for the Department of Education and she's a proud civil servant. Well, unfortunately, for you on page 78, project 2025 calls for President Trump to purge the civil service of everyone who isn't a MAGA loyalist. Are you a Maga loyalist?

Unidentified: Now Kenan, absolutely not.

Kenan Thompson: Hey, I'm just -- I'm just asking, I mean, you might as well be because also page 319 calls for the complete elimination of the Department of Education I -- Yeah, there's just a -- there's a bunch of stuff in here, but that's all we have time for at the moment. Just remember, everything that we just talked about is very real.

Unidentified: It is in this book, you can read it online at kamalaharris.com/project 2025 And most importantly you can stop it from ever happening by electing Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States.

Unidentified: Please welcome award winning producer and writer Mindy Kaling.

Mindy Kaling: Good evening, everyone. Hello, hello and welcome. Welcome to the third night of the Democratic National Convention, my name is Mindy Kaling. Thank you. For those of you who don't know me, I am an incredibly famous Gen Z actress who you might recognize from The Office. Thank you. And In The Mindy Project as the woman who courageously outed Kamala Harris as Indian in an Instagram cooking video.

Mindy Kaling: Yes, you're welcome. I am so proud to be here supporting my friend, but the real reason I am here is that deep down. I truly believe that as a woman of color and as a single mother of three, it is incredibly important that I be appointed ambassador to Italy. That's how this works, right? That's why I'm here.

Mindy Kaling: I've never been -- I'm dying to go and guys I just really need a break. I know it's not the priority tonight, but just think about it. I am actually here because I have known the Vice President for a long time and I want to tell you a story about one of the first times I ever met her. She wasn't Madam Vice President then.

Mindy Kaling: She was my Senator and we were filming a video where she came to my home to cook dosas a South Indian dish. Yes, it's not every day that a Senator comes over and I was pretty nervous. But when she arrived, we immediately hit it off. We talked about the love we have for our moms who had both passed away from cancer.

Mindy Kaling: Both of our mothers were immigrants from India who came to America and committed their lives to serving others. My mother Swati became an ob gyn. Thank you, kamala's mother Shyamala became a scientist with a PhD who dedicated her life to trying to find a cure for cancer. And after speaking to Kamala, it was clear to me that Kamala had passed down the same optimism and fearlessness to her daughter.

Mindy Kaling: But the thing I remember the most about the Vice President is that Kamala Harris can cook guys. She was so much better than me, but she also knew that my family was watching. So as she gently corrected my sloppy dosa making, she was complimenting me every step of the way, making sure that my daughter Kit heard how good of a cook I am. She had no desire to be seen as better than anyone else.

Mindy Kaling: She just wanted my kid to be impressed with her mom and when she finally and when she finally bit into my dosa. She looked at me and said mm really good and then never took another bite again. Yes, yes, but it is that warmth that generosity of spirit that I know she will bring to the white House as our next President.

Mindy Kaling: Kamala Harris cares deeply about other people. She will fight to protect our freedoms because those are the values that her mother passed down to her. But in order to protect those freedoms, Democrats also need to win the House. So we have a lot to do, and please welcome to the stage your next speaker of the House Hakeem Jeffries.

Hakeem Jeffries: Good evening Democrats, it's a high honor and a distinct privilege as a Brooklynite New Yorker and as an American to stand before you today and unequivocally express my support for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to be the next President and Vice President of the United States of America over the last few years, House Democrats have been hard at work and we could not have asked for a better leader to partner with than President Joseph Robinette Biden, who will go down as one of the most consequential Presidents of all time.

Hakeem Jeffries: Last month, President Biden, selflessly passed the torch to Vice President, Kamala Harris, who is ready, willing, and able to fight for the people kamala. Harris is a courageous leader, a compassionate leader and a common sense leader who will deliver real results for everyday Americans. Kamala Harris is fighting for our freedom.

Hakeem Jeffries: Kamala Harris is fighting for our families, kamala Harris is fighting for our future. Together. Let's make Kamala Harris the 47th President of the United States of America and our great country. When you work hard and play by the rules you deserve to earn a living wage, you deserve to have an affordable place to call home.

Hakeem Jeffries: You deserve to educate your children in a great public school that is free from gun violence and you deserve high quality affordable health care and you deserve the chance to one day retire with grace and with dignity. But for far too many people in our great country, they are struggling to live paycheck to paycheck.

Hakeem Jeffries: And as a result, the American dream is out of reach. Here's the thing extreme MAGA Republicans don't care about everyday Americans. They only care about themselves. Our approach led by Kamala, Harris and Coach Walz is very different. We care about you the American people and we will fight hard to make sure that the American dream is alive and well in every single community.

Hakeem Jeffries: Now the road ahead will not be easy, which brings me to you know who Donald Trump is like an old boyfriend who you broke up with, but he just won't go away. He has spent the last four For years spinning the block, trying to get back into a relationship with the American people bro we broke up with you for a reason.

Hakeem Jeffries: Trump was the mastermind of the GOP tax scam where 83 % of the benefits went to the wealthiest 1 % in America trump failed our country during the Covid 19 pandemic trump is a chaos agent who is focused on himself, not the American people trump tried to Destroy our democracy by lying about the election and inciting a violent mob to attack the Capitol.

Hakeem Jeffries: Trump put three extreme justices on the Supreme Court who destroyed Roe v, Wade, we broke up with you for a reason. Donald Trump can spin the block all he wants, but there's no reason for us to ever get back together, been there done that we're not going back kamala, Harris, Kamala, Harris and House Democrats will always put people over politics.

Hakeem Jeffries: Kamala Harris and House Democrats will lower costs and grow the middle class kamala Harris and House Democrats will fix our broken immigration system and secure the border kamala Harris and House Democrats will strengthen the relationship between the police and the community. Kamala Harris and House Democrats will continue to combat the climate crisis with the fierce urgency of now.

Hakeem Jeffries: Kamala Harris and House Democrats will protect Social Security, protect Medicare, protect Medicaid, protect the Affordable Care Act, protect working families, protect small businesses, protect the middle class, protect free enterprise, protect our children, protect our seniors, protect our veterans, protect our unions.

Hakeem Jeffries: Protect our dreamers and always protect a woman's freedom to make her own reproductive health care decisions. The extreme MAGA Republicans want to divide us, but the Constitution promises equal protection under the law. We are one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all together.

Hakeem Jeffries: Together, let's build a brighter future for our children and our grandchildren in the Old Testament book of Psalms. The Scripture tells us that weeping may endure during the long night, but joy will come in the morning. Here's how we do it.

Hakeem Jeffries: Strategize on Sunday, meet the moment. On Monday, take it to him on Tuesday, work it out on Wednesday, thank the Lord on Thursday, fight the power on Friday, set it off on Saturday, get a few hours of sleep, wake up the next day and do it all over again until joy joy joy comes in the morning.

Hakeem Jeffries: Now there's only 76 days left, there are only 76 days left. We must continue to speak up. We must continue to show up. We must continue to stand up not as Democrats or Republicans, but as Americans and when we do nothing can stop Kamala Harris from becoming the 47th President of the United States of America, nothing can stop House Democrats from taking back the majority.

Hakeem Jeffries: Nothing can stop the American people from continuing our march toward a more perfect union. Nothing can stop us. We're all the way up. God bless you, god bless Kamala, Harris may God bless the United States of America.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] You want to go outside today? Yeah, let me go put your shoes on, yes. Let's go outside, ruby is two years old. I'm starting to think will she be an ironworker like her dad? I hate to break it to you, but I'm not a billionaire. Donald Trump talked a big game about bringing jobs back to America, but it was all talk like Foxconn.

Unidentified: [Video clip] This is the eighth wonder of the world. Foxconn by most estimates has not even come close to meeting expectations. This whole project was a scam. He is not looking out for the residents he's looking out for himself. You know what Trump delivered $ 2 trillion in tax cuts focused on his billionaire buddies and big corporations.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Rich as Hell, it makes me angry billionaires don't pay their share of the load and he wants to do that again. Trump talked a massive game about infrastructure. What a joke? We thought infrastructure week. Infrastructure is the easiest of all we're going to get this infrastructure going. Trump was too incompetent to get it done, who's he looking out for Not us, not my family, you know who got it done.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Joe Biden and Kamala Harris biggest infrastructure package in history. Infrastructure is just a fancy word for jobs, not just union workers, but for everyone small businesses are booming. Communities are starting to thrive again, I wish it was faster, but prices are easing. Kamala Harris helped deliver the largest job growth in American history.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Wages are higher, manufacturing is booming. We're building roads, bridges, airports again, that's a fact and we have healthcare. When our middle class is strong, america is strong. Kamala's goal is to rebuild the middle class for families like mine.

Unidentified: Please welcome the 42nd President of the United States, Bill Clinton.

Bill Clinton: Thank you. Thank you. Whoa. Let me ask you sir. After the last two days aren't you proud to be a Democrat And I am very grateful to the Republicans and independents that have joined us, who've been up here on the stage. And I hope they feel better about it now because I've seen all these things that Even I have to be reminded of from time to time when I get my spirits down.

Bill Clinton: I love seeing the Obamas here. I love seeing President Biden and I thought Hillary gave a great speech too and I love, but I love seeing all these young leaders, bunch of them are coming up. After me, they look better, they sound better and they'll be exciting. I do want to say one word about President Biden.

Bill Clinton: Remember, He had an improbable turn that made him President And we were in the middle of a pandemic and an economic crash. He healed our sick and put the rest of us back to work and we strengthened our alliances for peace and security. He stood up for Ukraine, trying desperately to get a ceasefire in the Middle East.

Bill Clinton: And then he did something that's really hard for a politician to do. He voluntarily gave up political power and george Washington knew that and he did it and he set the standard for us serving two terms before it was mandatory. It helped his legacy and it will enhance Joe Biden's legacy and you and it's a stark contrast to what goes on in the other party.

Bill Clinton: So I want to thank him for his courage, compassion, his class, his service, his sacrifice joe Biden.

Unidentified: Thank you and thank you, sir. Thank you, Chuck. Thank you, Chuck.

Bill Clinton: He kept the faith and he's infected a lot of the rest of us. Now let's cut to the chase. I am too old to gild the lily. Two days ago, I turned 78, the oldest man in my family of four generations and the only personal vanity I want to assert is I'm still younger than Donald Trump. Last night, my last night in what I thought was a very moving series of episodes. We nominated Kamala Harris and Tim Walz and.

Bill Clinton: Just think about that two leaders with all American, but still improbable life stories. It could only happen here. Their careers after all started in community courtrooms and classrooms, two leaders who spent a lifetime getting the good job done. Now one of the things that I've noticed over my increasingly long life that is a Presidential election is unique in several ways.

Bill Clinton: First of all, it's the greatest job interview for the greatest job in the world. Secondly, the Constitution says we -- the people get to do the hiring and the third thing is that every four years we get to change the requirements for the job. So here's what I'm thinking because I try to apply this in every election.

Bill Clinton: Will this President take us backward or forward Will this President give our kids a brighter future, Depends will this President bring us together or tear us apart, Will the President increase the peace security and stability and freedom that we enjoy and extend it to others as we Can We -- the people we have to make a decision about these kind of questions?

Bill Clinton: And every four years, it's a little different because the people come up, the candidates come at the candidates and they say as they're saying now here are our problems, Solve them. Here are our opportunities, seize them here are our fears, ease them, here are our dreams, help them come true. A President can answer that call by saying I'll do my part.

Bill Clinton: But you have to help me, we have to work together or you can dodge what needs to be done by dividing distracting and diverting us. So in 2024, we got a pretty clear choice. It seems to me kamala Harris for the people --