Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-1-hour-4-chicago-august-19-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Tony Goldwyn: -- and we can dream as big as we want. So I just want to ask you, are you excited? Yeah, well good, are you ready? Okay, well then I challenge you to make this the moment you get off the sidelines and into the game. So I want you to text join to 30330 and get involved because when we fight what happens. We win and we are going to win this thing together and while we're doing it, we are going to have a whole lot of fun.

Tony Goldwyn: So let's get started.

Unidentified: Please welcome nine time NBA champion and coach of the 2024 Olympic gold winning men's basketball team. Steve Kerr.

Steve Kerr: Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. It is so fun to be back here in the United Center and as you guys know, a lot of good stuff has happened in this building, especially in the 90s. You young people, Google, Michael Jordan and you can read all about it, okay? So there was an amazing vibe in this building back in those days.

Steve Kerr: And I feel that same winning spirit here tonight. So the last time I was in a packed basketball arena was in Paris, France, nine days ago some of the best players on Earth 12 incredible American men came together to win Olympic gold. And the next night, I was back in that same building, watching 12 more of the best players on earth.

Steve Kerr: Our incredible American women do the same thing and I cannot think of a better metaphor for what this country is all about than the way team U.S.A. came together at the Olympics. We had players from across our wonderful country players who have trained and fought relentlessly, shed tears, trying to beat one another throughout their careers, joining forces to wear the red, white and blue.

Steve Kerr: And when we won the American flag raised to the rafters, the national anthem playing gold medals, draped around the necks of our players whose hands were held over their hearts, it was the proudest moment of my life. Thank you. Thank you. Now I. I could never have imagined that a few days later, I would receive an invitation to step into a different kind of arena.

Steve Kerr: And so here I am -- I know I know very well that speaking out about politics these days comes with risks. I can see the shut up and whistle tweets being fired off as we speak. But I also knew as soon as I was asked that it was too important as an American citizen not to speak up in an election of this magnitude.

Steve Kerr: The reason I said yes to speaking here tonight is that as a coach and former player as a husband a son, a father, even a grandfather and as an American, I believe in a certain kind of leadership, I believe that leaders must display dignity. I believe that leaders must tell the truth. I believe that leaders should be able to laugh at themselves.

Steve Kerr: I believe leaders must care for and love the people they are leading. I believe leaders must possess knowledge and expertise, but with the full awareness that none of us has all the answers. And in fact, some of the best answers often come from members of the team and if you look for those qualities in your friends or your boss or an employee or your child's teacher or your mayor and shouldn't you want those same qualities in your President?

Steve Kerr: And when you think about it that way, this is no contest with Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I see all those qualities they have devoted their lives to serving other people, whether Vice President Harris was defending her community in the courtroom or Governor Walz was inspiring the next generation in the classroom or on the field for that matter.

Steve Kerr: By the way, coach to coach that guy is awesome, although I have to say Coach Walz way too much reliance on the blitz in 99 against Mankato East, you had a strong defensive line. I would have played more press coverage with your corners and then drop the safeties into a Tampa two. That's just me. Sorry, I wanted you to know how I feel every day of the NBA season.

Steve Kerr: All right, but listen, the joy, the compassion, the commitment to our country that we saw at the Olympics, that is what Kamala Harris and Tim Walz have. And it is what our country needs leadership, real leadership, not the kind that seeks to divide us, but the kind that recognizes and celebrates our common purpose.

Steve Kerr: Think about what our team achieved with 12 Americans in Paris, putting aside rivalries to represent our country. Now imagine what we could do with all 330 million of us playing on the same team, not as not as Democrats, not as Republicans, not as libertarians, but as Americans who know the greatness of this nation doesn't come from any one of us. But from each of us doing our part to build a more perfect union.

Steve Kerr: That vision is what this campaign is all about. It's why I'm here tonight and it's why I'll be getting out every day to help people get out and vote on November 5th and elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz as the next President and Vice President of the United States. And and after the results are tallied that night, we can in the words of the great Steph Curry: we can tell Donald Trump night night.

Steve Kerr: Thank you.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Let me tell you folks in Ohio and in this area don't sell your house, do not sell it. We're going to get those jobs coming back and we're going to fill up those factories. So it's going to happen. But Trump lied and abandoned Lordstown? This is about a community. It's going to be a big change to go somewhere else. [Video clip] The GM factory in Lordstown did close putting thousands of people out of work because Donald Trump doesn't care about our communities.

Unidentified: All those jobs went away and he did nothing, he did not do one thing for those workers there. He didn't come and make promises. He came and made false promises. I kind of lost hope and everything I don't really want to leave. [Video clip] But then something changed instead of lies and broken promises, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris got to work and brought U.S. manufacturing jobs back, including to Lordstown.

Unidentified: Kamala will continue to have workers backs and get the job done. American workers deserve a fighter and that's exactly what Kamala Harris is. Do we believe in opportunity? Are we ready to fight for it? Please welcome United Auto Workers President, Shawn Fain.

Shawn Fain: All right, all right, yeah, thank you. Good evening, America and good evening to the people that make this world move the working class on behalf of 1 million active and retired members of the UAW. I am honored to support Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to be our next President and Vice President. And I want to say thank you to Joe Biden for making history by walking the picket line with the UAW For the UAW and for working class people everywhere.

Shawn Fain: This election comes down to one question, which side are you on. On one side, we have Kamala Harris and Tim Walz, who have stood shoulder to shoulder with the working class. On the other side, we have Trump and Vance, two lapdogs for the billionaire class who only serve themselves. So for us in the labor movement, it's real simple.

Shawn Fain: Kamala Harris is one of us. She's a fighter for the working class and Donald Trump is a scab. That's not -- that's not just my opinion, that's a fact. All we have to do is look at the track record when Donald Trump was President, corporate America, ran wild. Donald Trump did not bring back the auto industry when Donald Trump was President auto plants, closed trump did nothing.

Shawn Fain: Trump told workers in Lordstown, Ohio that he would be bringing all the auto jobs back. And Trump did nothing in 2019. General Motors workers went on strike for 40 days for a good jobs and a better life and Trump did nothing, talk is cheap, but in 2019 you know who was on the picket line, standing shoulder to shoulder with autoworkers.

Shawn Fain: I'll give you a clue. Her initials are Kamala Harris. And 2023. Who helped bring jobs back to Lordstown, Ohio, Kamala Harris and in 2024 who will stand with the working class in our fight for justice Kamala Harris. And that's the difference. Donald Trump is all talk and Kamala Harris walks the walk who in the words of the great American poet Nellie it's getting hot in here.

Shawn Fain: It's hot in here, it's hot in here because you're fired up and you're fed up and the American working class is fired up and fed up the American working class is in a fight for our lives. And if you don't believe me, just last night, blue collar workers, the UAW members at Cornell University had to walk out on strike for a better life because they're fighting corporate greed.

Shawn Fain: And our only hope is to attack corporate greed head on corporate, greed turns, blue collar, blood, sweat and tears into Wall Street stock buybacks and CEO jackpots. It causes inflation, it hurts workers, it hurts consumers and it hurts America and corporate greed is alive and well. In the auto industry, you know, last fall we achieved life changing gains in our strike at the big three.

Shawn Fain: We even won a commitment to reopen a closed plant, not too far from here. We were able to do that. Thanks to the support of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden and the thousands of auto workers that went on strike. But a year later, one company wants to go back on their commitments in our contract and let me be clear, Stellantis must keep the promises they made to America in our union contract and the UAW will take whatever action necessary at Stellantis or any other corporation to stand up and hold.

Shawn Fain: Corporate America accountable and when the UAW stands up, we know who stands with us and who stands against us. Donald Trump laughs about firing workers who go on strike. And Kamala Harris stands shoulder to shoulder with workers when they're on strike and that's the difference between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump.

Shawn Fain: The scab trump is pushing divide and conquer tactics of the rich. It's the oldest trick in the book. They want to blame the frustrations of working class people. They want to take those frustrations. They want to blame it on race. They want to blame it on LGBTQ plus people. They want to blame it on some destitute and desperate person at the border.

Shawn Fain: They do that because they want working class people to be divided and to focus and keep the focus off the one true enemy. Corporate greed, the rich think we're stupid, but working class Americans see this for what it is. This is our generation's defining moment. So I have a question for you. Are you ready to stand up, speak up and show up and put Kamala Harris and Jim Wallace in the white House.

Shawn Fain: We -- we need a defender of the working class in the white House, someone who is one of us and someone who knows how to fight and that fighter is the next President of the United States, Kamala Harris. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome New York Representative, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: Thank you, Chicago. Thank you, Chicago for your energy. Thank you Kamala Harris and Tim Walz for your vision lC, LC, LC LC. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Chicago for your energy. Thank you Kamala Harris and Tim Walz for your vision and thank you, Joe Biden for your leadership. You know, six years ago I was taking Omlette orders as a waitress in New York City.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: I didn't have health insurance. My family was fighting off foreclosure and we were struggling with bills after my dad passed away unexpectedly from cancer. Like millions of Americans, we were just looking for an honest shake and we were tired of a cynical politics that seemed blind to the realities of working people.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: It was then only through the miracles of democracy and community that the good people of the Bronx and Queens chose someone like me to elect them in Congress. And America, in my heart, I know from that same cloth of hope and aspiration, we will also elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz as President and Vice President of the United States of America.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: I am here tonight because America has before us a rare and precious opportunity in Kamala Harris. We have a chance to elect a President who is for the middle class because she is from the middle class. She understands the urgency of rent checks and groceries and prescriptions. She is as committed to our reproductive and civil rights as she is to taking on corporate greed and she is working tirelessly to secure a ceasefire in Gaza and bringing hostages home.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: In Kamala Harris, I see a leader who understands I see a leader with a real commitment to a better future for working families and Chicago. We have to help her win because we know that Donald Trump would sell this country for a dollar if it meant lining his own pockets. And greasing the palms of his Wall Street friends.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: And I for one am tired about of hearing about how a two-bit union buster thinks of himself as more of a patriot than the woman who fights every single day to lift working people out from under the boots of greed trampling on our way of life. The truth is, Don, you cannot love this country. If you only fight for the wealthy and big business to love, this country is to fight for its people.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: All people working people everyday, Americans like bartenders and factory workers and fast food cashiers who punch a clock and are on their feet all day in some of the toughest jobs out there. You know, ever since I got elected, Republicans have attacked me by saying that I should go back to bartending, but let me tell you, I'm Happy to any day of the week because there is nothing wrong with working for a living.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: Imagine. Imagine having leaders in the white House who understand that leaders like Kamala and Tim, but Chicago just because the. Choice is clear to us does not mean that the path will be easy over the next 78 days. We will have to pour every ounce every minute, every moment into making history on November 5th, but we cannot send Kamala and bTimb to the white House alone together, we must also elect strong Democratic majorities in.

Unidentified: The House and in the Senate so that we can deliver on an ambitious agenda for the people because if you are a working parent trying to afford rent and child care, Kamala is.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: For you, if you are a senior who had to go back to work because your retirement didn't stretch far enough, Kamala is for you. If you're an immigrant family, just starting your American story, Kamala is for you America. When we knock on our neighbor's door, organize our communities and elect Kamala Harris to the presidency on November 5th, we will send a loud message that the people of this nation will not go back.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: We choose a new path and open the door to a new day one that is for the people and by the people. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless, god bless you, all.

Tony Goldwyn: Wow, how about that AOC? Good lord. So Kamala Harris's story begins in a middle class neighborhood in the East Bay, yeah, in a modest apartment above a nursery school, in a close knit community where people looked out for one another with a mother who instilled in Kamala Harris. The core principles that have defined her life in public service.

Tony Goldwyn: These are the experiences that made her the leader she is today.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The neighborhood we grew up in was a very hard working middle class, tight knit community families going to church on Sunday, kids playing in the front yard mommy got us these bright blue matching bikes with banana seats and we were surrounded by caring adults. [Video clip] This neighborhood on Bancroft Way we've spent so much time here behind me is where it all began her mom Shyamala rented the apartment that was above the Shelton's nursery.

Unidentified: So in the beginning, Mrs shelton used to babysit the girls shyamala was a single mom life was not easy for them, but she loved her daughters fiercely. [Video clip] Kamala herself says that her mom told her that she may be the first to do many things, but to make sure that she's not the last, she's always been that kind of person a true leader and very protective of her friends and her family. [Video clip] When Kamala was all of four years old, her best friend in kindergarten, Stacy Johnson got into something with another kid on the playground. [Video clip] This one particular day we had made some clay art and this one boy in our class had taken mine for whatever reason and threw it on the ground and it shattered.

Unidentified: So Kamala being very protective, just jumped in front of me and stood up to him. To me, that shows the kind of person that she has always been to stand up to the bully and to stand up for the underdog and to stand up for what is right. [Video clip] Kamala carries the lessons of our mother, the fighting spirit of our mother, the compassion and I have seen it over and over again in our growing up when we were in high school, my sister's friend Wanda Was being molested by a family member and Kamala just jumped In she wanted her to come and stay with us and mommy said, of course that is Kamala. [Video clip] She can't help herself from standing up for people and standing up for what she thinks is right.

Unidentified: She has been that way. Our whole lives being a protector is what led her to become a prosecutor. Looking back now, I could say it was her calling. Please welcome Stacy Johnson-Batiste and Doris Johnson.

Stacey Johnson-Batiste: Good evening. I am Stacy Johnson-Batiste and this is my mom Doris Johnson. We -- We are so excited and honored to be here with you Kamala and I have known each other for a long time. We met at Birkwood Hedge School. We hit it off immediately and became each other's very first best friends. Our moms also became fast friends.

Stacey Johnson-Batiste: And on weekends, we would pile into my 1966 Mustang and Kamala's mom. Shyamala would sit in the front with me and Kamala and Maya and Stacy would sit in the back and off. We would go to a movie or some Adventure. My mom still has that Mustang. I do Kamala and I both get our grit from our mothers. Kamala has always been a protector.

Stacey Johnson-Batiste: One day at school, we made clay art process projects during story time when they were outside on tables to dry for whatever reason, a boy in our class took mine, threw it on the ground and it shattered Kamala jumped in between him and me and said something That made him so mad, he picked up a rock or something and hit her on the head.

Stacey Johnson-Batiste: Blood came streaming down the school called Kamala to to come take her to the hospital, the stitches, she got left a scar over one of her eyes. She still has it. That's the kind of person Kamala has always been from the very beginning. Someone who doesn't hesitate to stand up for what's right to take up for the underdog and to stand up to bullies.

Stacey Johnson-Batiste: I have seen it time and again whether the bully is an individual, a gang or a corporation, she fights for all of us before we go. I know my mom has one more thing to say Kamala your mom would be so proud of you.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

Note: [Music is played]

Hillary Clinton: Thank you. Thank you all so much. Thank you. Thank you, my fellow Democrats. Thank you. My fellow Americans. Thank you so much. You know. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Wow, there's a lot of energy in this room just like there is across the country something.

Hillary Clinton: Something is happening in America, you can feel it, something we've worked for and dreamed of for a long time. First though let's salute President Biden, he has been democracy's champion at home and abroad. He brought dignity, decency and confidence back to the white House and he showed what it means to be a true patriot.

Hillary Clinton: Thank you, Joe. Biden for your lifetime of service and leadership. Thank you. Thank you. And now we are writing a new chapter in America's story. You know my mother, Dorothy, was born right here in Chicago before women had the right to vote that changed 104 years ago yesterday, think about it. Tennessee became the final state to ratify the 19th amendment to the Constitution.

Hillary Clinton: The state legislature was deadlocked until one lawmaker's mother, a widow who read three newspapers a day, sent a letter, a letter to her son. No more delays she wrote give us the vote. And since that day, every generation has carried the torch forward in 1972, a fearless black Congresswoman named Shirley Chisholm.

Unidentified: She ran for President and her determination, Let me and millions of others dream bigger, not just because of who she was, but because of who she fought for, working parents, poor children, the last the least, and the lost in 1984. I brought my daughter to see Geraldine Ferraro, the first woman nominated for Vice President.

Hillary Clinton: If we can do this, Jerry said we can do anything and then there was 2016 when it was the honor of my life to accept our party's nomination for President and and. Nearly 66 million Americans voted for a future where there are no ceilings on our dreams and afterwards we refused to give up on America, millions marched many ran for office.

Hillary Clinton: We kept our eyes on the future. Well, my friends, the future is here. I wish my mother and Kamala's mother could see us, they would say keep going.

Unidentified: Shirley and Jerry would say keep going, women, women fighting for reproductive health care are saying keep going, families building better lives.

Hillary Clinton: Parents stretching to afford child care, young people struggling to pay their rent. They're all asking us to keep going. So with faith in each other and joy in our hearts, let's send Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to the white House. You know the story of my life and the history of our country is that progress is possible, but not guaranteed.

Hillary Clinton: We have to fight for it and never ever give up. There is always a choice. Do we push forward or pull back, Come together as we the people or split into us versus them. That's the choice we face in this election. Kamala has the character, experience and vision to lead us Forward, I know her heart and her integrity.

Hillary Clinton: We both got our start as young lawyers helping children who were abused and neglected that kind of work changes a person. Those kids stay with you. Kamala carries with her the hopes of every child. She protected every family. She helped every community she served. So as President, she will always have our backs.

Hillary Clinton: And she will be a Fighter for us. She will fight to lower costs for hard working families, open the doors wide for good paying jobs and yes she will restore abortion rights nationwide.

Unidentified: As a prosecutor, Kamala locked up murderers and drug traffickers. She will never rest in defense of our freedom and safety. Donald Trump fell asleep at his own trial and when he woke up, he made his own kind of history, the first person to run for President with 34 felony convictions. As Vice President as Vice President, Kamala sat in the Situation Room.

Hillary Clinton: But we also know as Vice President Kamala said in the Situation Room and stood for America's values. I know what it takes and I can tell you as Commander in chief Kamala won't disrespect our military and our veterans, she she reveres our Medal of Honor recipients. She won't be sending love letters to dictators.

Hillary Clinton: She will defend democracy and our Constitution and will protect America from enemies, foreign and domestic. Think about it, the Constitution says the President's job is to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. Those are the words of our founders. Take care. Just look at the candidates. Kamala cares.

Hillary Clinton: Cares about kids and families cares about America. Donald only cares about himself on her first day in court. Kamala said five words that still guide her Kamala Harris for the people. That is something that Donald Trump will never understand. So it is no surprise, is it that he is lying about Kamala's record.

Hillary Clinton: He's mocking her name and her laugh sounds familiar, but we have him on the run now. So, So no matter what the polls say, we can't let up. We can't get driven down crazy conspiracy rabbit holes. We have to fight for the truth. We have to fight for Kamala as she will fight for us because you know what, It still takes a village to raise a family heal a country.

Hillary Clinton: And to win a campaign and America needs every one of us, our energy, our talents, our dreams. We're not just electing a President, we're uplifting our nation. We're opening the promise of America wide enough for everyone together. We've put a lot of cracks in the highest hardest glass ceiling and tonight, tonight, so close to breaking through once and for all.

Hillary Clinton: I want to tell you what I see through all those cracks and why it matters for each and every one of us. What do I see? I see freedom. I see the freedom to make our own decisions about our health, our lives, our loves, our families, the freedom to work with dignity and prosper to worship as we choose or not to speak our minds freely and honestly.

Hillary Clinton: I see freedom from fear and intimidation from violence and injustice from chaos and corruption. I see the freedom to look our children in the eye and say In America you can go as far as your hard work and talent will take you and mean it and you know what On the other side of that glass ceiling is Kamala Harris raising her Hand and taking the oath of office as our 47th President of the United States.

Hillary Clinton: Because my friends when a barrier falls for one of us, it falls, it falls and clears the way for all of us. So for the next 78 days We need to work harder than we ever have. We need to beat back the dangers that Trump and his allies pose to the rule of law and our way of life don't get distracted or complacent.

Hillary Clinton: Talk to your friends and neighbors. Volunteer. Be proud champions for the truth and for the country that we all love. I want -- I want my grandchildren and their grandchildren to know I was here at this moment that we were here and that we were with Kamala Harris every step of the way. This is our time America.

Hillary Clinton: This is when we stand up. This is when we break through the future is here. Care is in our grasp, let's go win it.

Tony Goldwyn: I think it's fair to say that we all stand on the shoulders of Hillary Clinton, so I'm just checking, are you ready to join this fight yet? Okay, that's the answer I was looking for. So I want you to text join to 30330 and get involved now. What does fighting for the people exactly look like, Let's go back to 2011 when Kamala Harris was attorney general of California.

Tony Goldwyn: The housing crisis had devastated American families and the big banks had forced Californians out of their homes. Well, Kamala Harris stood up to those banks and she secured a $20 billion settlement for California families that is fighting for the people. And that is something that our next speaker knows all about.

Tony Goldwyn: Please welcome the fearless fighter from South Carolina. Congressman Jim Clyburn.

Jim Clyburn: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and good evening. Thank you, South Carolina. Thank you. Four years ago, Americans were experiencing high anxieties and great uncertainties. A deadly virus raged schools closed businesses, shuttered donald Trump mismanaged the crisis from day one looking out for himself instead of the country.

Jim Clyburn: The American people responded to the crisis in leadership by electing new leaders, thanks to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. We reopened our schools, brought back our businesses and restored our faith in the American can do spirit. Thanks to Joe and Kamala, we reduced the price of prescription drugs, repaired roads and bridges and replaced lead pipes.

Jim Clyburn: Thanks to Joe and Kamala, we are honoring our heroes in uniform and expanded benefits to over a million Veterans. Thanks to Joe and Kamala make It in America is no longer just a slogan, but a movement that is bringing millions of manufacturing jobs back to America. For President Biden's lifetime of achievement in service of his country, we owe him a great debt of gratitude.

Jim Clyburn: And we are all grateful for one of the best decisions he made selecting Kamala Harris as his Vice President and endorsing her to succeed him. I often say that we are, but the sum of our experiences in the introduction of my memoir I wrote all my experiences have not been pleasant, but I consider all of them to be blessings.

Jim Clyburn: So has been the case with Kamala. Her experiences have prepared her for this moment. Kamala Harris is a true battle tested leader, a district attorney attorney general Senator and Vice President who gets things done. While Donald Trump has been bragging about how he overturned world, Kamala has been fiercely advocating for the restoration of reproductive freedoms.

Jim Clyburn: While Trump has been looking out for himself and his billionaire buddies, Kamala has been fighting to lower costs for all Americans and while Trump falsely pleads ignorance of project 2025, which in my opinion is Jim Crow, 2.0 Kamala has been offering the American people enlightened proposals and Visionary leadership.

Jim Clyburn: Having grown up in a parsonage, I often look to the good book for understanding and guidance as Second Corinthians informs. We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. Persecuted, but not Forsaken cast down but not destroyed. Our great democracy has been tested and so has the basic goodness of the American people.

Jim Clyburn: But our resolve to remain a great country with freedom and justice for all will not falter. We will continue our march toward a more perfect union united in our common purpose and emboldened by our resolve to elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz as the next President and Vice President of these United States of America.

Jim Clyburn: Thank you and Godspeed.

Unidentified: [Video clip] In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups, the police who investigate crime and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders. This is a story of Donald Trump. His entire life trump has believed he is above the law that no one would ever dare hold him accountable. [Video clip] He lies he rips off workers, he sexually abuses women.

Unidentified: And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. He cheats in business he cheated on his wife with a porn star and paid her off. So the American people wouldn't find out during an election, but in the criminal justice system, ordinary Americans have had the courage to find him accountable time and time again. [Video clip] Guilty.

Unidentified: Guilty. Guilty. Donald Trump guilty on all 34 felony counts. For the first time in history --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]