Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-1-hour-1-chicago-august-19-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Unidentified: Please welcome permanent chair of the 2024 Democratic National Convention, Minyon Moore and chair of the Democratic National Committee, Jamie Harrison.

Jaime Harrison: Hello, everyone. I am Minyon Moore permanent chair of the Democratic National Committee. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to my hometown, Chicago. This convention is a celebration of our hard work and accomplishments and of the American spirit that makes this party and our country great. That's the spirit President Biden reignited when he did, when he told us we were in the battle for the soul of our nation.

Jaime Harrison: Throughout his term, he has brought us together and revived our country and our country's soul. And last month in a true act of patriotism, he passed the torch to the next generation and the next President of the United States, Kamala Harris. As convention chair, I may appoint officers to assist in the conduct of our proceedings.

Jaime Harrison: It is my honor to announce the following convention officers assisting as co-chairs, our Lieutenant Governor, Peggy Flanagan mayor, Mitch Landrieu, Senator Cory Booker and Congresswoman. Then as Veronica Escobar, our convention parliamentarians will will be former House Majority Whip Steny Hoyer, Hoyer, Broderick Johnson and DNC, parliamentarian, Helen McFadden, Lieutenant Governor Garland, Gilchrist, Harris County, Harris County Judge Lina Hidalgo and Congressman Ted Lieu will serve as sergeant at arms.

Jaime Harrison: Lewis Carroll will serve as our book doorkeeper and Congresswoman. Barbara Lee will serve as our timekeeper. I now like to turn it over to my friend, Chairman Harrison. Thank you, minion. Hello Democrats. The Democratic Party is 196 years old. It's the oldest active political party in the world. Every person here is a part of a movement that brings America closer to our goal of a more perfect union.

Jaime Harrison: And every convention is a moment, it's a moment that contributes to our movement. It's moments like 60 years ago when Fannie Lou Hamer told the shocking story of the racist brutality, she suffered simply for registering to vote or 52 years ago when Shirley Chisholm ran a historic race for the Presidential nomination.

Jaime Harrison: Or 40 years ago, when a round headed boy from South Carolina the same before you today watch Reverend Jesse Jackson challenge America to hope and to dream folks. All of these moments led us to this transformational moment when a black convention chair and a black DNC chair lead us in nominating a black and AAPI woman to be the next President of the United States.

Jaime Harrison: Folks this is because the Democratic Party is and always will be for the people for our future. We are honored to -- we are honored to be a part of American history as we gavel in this convention and celebrate this historic nomination. I would like to thank the incredible workers at this year's convention.

Jaime Harrison: The convention staff by the amazing led by the amazing Alex Hornbrook and our convention chair, Minyon Moore and my amazing staff at the DNC. You quite literally set the stage for us today and we wouldn't be here without all of you. We -- we hereby call the in-person portion of the 49th quadrennial Democratic National Convention to order.

Unidentified: Please stand if you are able for this evening's invocation offered by Cardinal Blase Joseph Cupich Archbishop of Chicago.

Blase J. Cupich: Let us pray we praise you, oh God of all creation. Quicken in us a resolve to protect your handiwork. You are the source of every blessing that graces our lives and our nation. We pray that you help us to truly understand and answer the sacred call of citizenship. We are a nation composed of every people and culture united, not by ties of blood, but by the profound aspirations of life and freedom, justice and unbound hope.

Blase J. Cupich: These aspirations are why our forebears saw America as a beacon of hope and with your steady guidance, Lord may we remain so today in every generation we are called to renew these aspirations to reweave the fabric of America. We do so when we live out the virtues that dwell in our hearts, but also when we confront our failures to root out ongoing injustices in our national life, especially those created by moral, blindness and fear of the other.

Blase J. Cupich: We pray for peace, especially for people suffering the senselessness of war, but as we pray, we must also act for building up the common good takes work it takes love and so we pray may our nation become more fully a builder of peace in our wounded world. With the courage to imagine and pursue a loving future together.

Blase J. Cupich: And may we as individual Americans become more fully, the instrument of God's peace guide us Lord in taking up our responsibility to forge this new chapter of our nation's history. Let it be rooted in the recognition that for us as for every generation unity, triumphing over division is what advances human dignity and liberty.

Blase J. Cupich: Let it be propelled by the women and men elected to serve in public life who know that. Service is the mark of true leadership and let this new chapter of our nation's history be filled with overwhelming hope. A hope that refuses to narrow our national vision, but rather as Pope Francis has said to dream dreams and see visions of what by your grace our world can become.

Blase J. Cupich: We ask all of this trusting in your ever provident care for us, amen. Amen.

Unidentified: Please welcome Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation Tribal Council, vice chair, Zach Pamam and Secretary, Lori Melchior.

Zach Pahmahmie: Here we are together on our ancestral homelands of the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation and our sister Potawatomi nations. We also honor the spirit of the other tribal nations who traveled westward to this beautiful area. Welcome 2024 Democratic National Convention to our homelands. This land has and always will carry enormous importance to its original stewards, our ancestors and our present day communities.

Zach Pahmahmie: I am vice chairman of the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation joined by Secretary Lori Melchior and our nation's tribal council who are also with us in the audience from time immemorial. Our ancestors lived in the Great Lakes region. However, in 1849, an illegal auction by the US government forcibly removed our tribe from our homeland.

Zach Pahmahmie: Since then, we have been working to reclaim it. Finally, this year the Department of the interior placed some of our ancestral lands west of Chicago into a trust. Thanks. Thanks to the resolve of the -- of our tribal community and the Biden-Harris administration. We reclaimed a piece of our home. We became the only federally recognized tribal nation in Illinois in 175 years.

Zach Pahmahmie: Together in our homelands, let's have a joyful historic convention blessings to you all meegwetch.

Unidentified: Please remain standing for the presentation of colors by the Illinois State Police Honor Guard.

Note: [The color guard is presented.]

Unidentified: Please welcome, William and Charles Harrison from South Carolina to lead us in the Pledge of Allegiance.

William Harrison: Charles, I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all.

Unidentified: Please welcome the Soul Children of Chicago to sing our national anthem.

Note: The national anthem is sung.

Unidentified: Please welcome Chicago Mayor, Brandon Johnson.

Brandon Johnson: Welcome to the greatest city in the world Chicago where Ida, B Wells and Jane Addams organize to deliver real transformative change across this country. Chicago, where Reverend Jesse Jackson, united people from all different backgrounds to keep hope alive and to a community organizer. On the South Side of Chicago?

Brandon Johnson: Barack Obama rose to the white House reminding us that yes we can. And now Chicago. This city of hard work and caring people is where Democrats will celebrate President Joe Biden and nominate Kamala Harris for President of the United States of America. As the son of a family that worked to make ends meet.

Brandon Johnson: I know that Kamala Harris, the daughter of a mom who worked hard every single day. She is going to look out for the interest of everyday people. I know that as a fellow former social studies teacher that Governor Tim Walz will never shrink from standing up for our democracy and for those most in need and as a black man raising a little black girl on the West Side of Chicago.

Brandon Johnson: I know that my daughter Brayden will see not only a reflection of herself in the white House, but she will experience the deepest part of American values. Think about it, what will it take to build the middle class and make it easier for families not only to get by, but to get ahead, It will take someone with toughness to stand up for us. And let me tell you America Kamala's got it. What will it take to defend our fundamental rights and our freedoms?

Brandon Johnson: It will take someone with leadership who would fight for us and let me tell you America leadership. Kamala, she's got it and what will it take to defeat MAGA Republicans and move our country forward? And not backwards, It will take everyone. And let me tell you all Kamala, she's got us from Mississippi to Pennsylvania to Delaware, Kamala Harris.

Brandon Johnson: She's got us from Michigan to Wisconsin to Nevada to California and right here in Illinois. Kamala Harris, she's got us to the child care workers to the tech workers, Kamala Harris. She's got us and to make sure that this country ensures that families will have access to real affordable housing to create a pathway to the American dream, Kamala Harris.

Brandon Johnson: She's got us together, we can build a better, brighter future. And there's no better place to start that than right here in the greatest freakin city in the world, the city of Chicago. God bless you all. Thank you.

Unidentified: [Video clip] This is our town, we've got steel in our spines iron in our veins and hope in our hearts we've got the flavor, the guts, the grit and those big shoulders. You've heard so much about. We are bold city, a proud city, a who you calling Second city where 77 neighborhoods are one, a city of giants, a city with heart. [Video clip] A city with heroes, a sweet sweet place to call home.

Unidentified: We were born ready baptized by fire, tireless, tenacious, tested, trusted and like someone else, we know when we fight we win, we're ready to rise to the challenge to rise to new heights, rise rise, rise up up and away we go. We are ready to scrape the sky. [Video clip] And reach for the stars to stand tall for tomorrow to witness greatness, we ain't going back.

Unidentified: We've got big things to do big shoes to fill big dreams to realize we ain't afraid of nothing, no nonsense, no fear. Oh, yeah, we're ready. So America welcome to Chicago. We've got our dancing shoes on. We've got our game faces on America. [Video clip] We look like -- you sound like you work like you dream like you, we feel you America, we see you America, hey, make some noise so we can.

Unidentified: Hear you America, welcome to Chicago.

Jaime Harrison: Hello my friends, my fellow Democrats, I started my journey to this stage in 1988. I was 12 years old and my family was watching the Democratic National Convention. Now to be honest, I wanted to watch something else, but we all knew when my grandfather sat in his chair, the TV was his, but folks when Reverend Jackson Jackson came on, I paid attention.

Jaime Harrison: A black man from South Carolina raised by a single mother that was me. And as long as I live, I will never forget what he said. He challenged young people to hope and to dream. So that's exactly what I did. I dreamed big. I worked hard and I never lost hope when our power was cut off when there was nothing in the fridge.

Jaime Harrison: When we lost our home to a con man, I never lost hope and now my friends, I'm standing on the same convention stage that inspired me and I'm the chair of the Democratic Party, the world's oldest political party folks only in America. And that's the beautiful thing about this country that I love so much. Hope and hard work can take you anywhere.

Jaime Harrison: You can go to college, you can start your own business, you can even win the Olympics, that's the America Democrats believe in and that's the America Democrats are fighting for. So four years ago, my friends, we were a country divided by fear and we were stuck under a man who preached bigotry and hatred.

Jaime Harrison: Hope was lost, but my friends we found hope in President Biden and Vice President Harris and the 80 million Americans who stood by their side. And now we are united. We're united in our pursuit of progress because my friends, they saw us, they fought for us. They heard us and under their transformational leadership, we have forgiven billions in student loans.

Jaime Harrison: We have expanded access to health care and we have strengthened the middle class, but the fight continues and there is still more work to do. You know, I know that we -- when we elect Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz, they will build on our accomplishments and they will create a country that works for every American.

Jaime Harrison: They will invest in our dreams and our futures and hope will light our path forward. They will lead us in the fight for America and believe me, when we fight, we win and folks we can never forget who we are fighting for this election. This election is about Americans who are watching right now. Wondering who's going to finally pave that dirt road or make it easier to feed their family or get medical bills under control.

Jaime Harrison: This election is about those who believe anybody can achieve their dreams if they work hard and trust in the endless possibilities of America. This election is about communities who need to see that hope and joy will always overcome fear and chaos. This election is about every little boy inspired by party chair who looks like him and every little girl who will finally see a President who looks like her.

Jaime Harrison: My friends, we are paving a path for them. We're working toward a brighter future for them and we need each and every one of you to join us in my beloved home state of South Carolina. Our motto is while I breathe, I hope folks I believe in the power of hope, but it's going to take more than hope to win this election.

Jaime Harrison: So in the next 78 days, our motto can't be just while I breathe. I hope it must be while I breathe, I vote because that is how we make hope real for all of America America, let's vote for Democrats up and down the ticket. Let's save our democracy and let's vote for our MVP Kamala Harris and our coach Tim Walz.

Jaime Harrison: Thank you all so much for being here and now it is indeed my pleasure to introduce our next speaker who will be co-chair for tonight. This is a young woman who is the current lieutenant governor of the great state of Minnesota and when Tim Walz becomes Vice President, she will become the first Native American governor in this great country.

Jaime Harrison: Folks, let's welcome Peggy Flanagan.

Peggy Flanagan: Good evening. Thank you, Jamie. As we gather together on this historic night, we remember those who came before us who fought and prayed this moment into existence, the suffragists and the abolitionists, the activists who fought for our rights, the leader who the leaders who paved the way for us all their courage.

Peggy Flanagan: And conviction shaped the course of history. Their memory reminds us that the fight for freedom always passes from one generation to the next. We owe it to them and to ourselves to carry their legacy forward. Tonight. We pay tribute to those who dared to dream of a country that truly stands for liberty and justice for all.

Peggy Flanagan: Next, we'll hear from one of those people a lifelong advocate for civil rights. Maxine Waters.

Maxine Waters: Thank you. Wow, hello, delegates. Now you know, I've seen a lot in my lifetime. I was just 22 years old when Fannie Lou Hamer made her presence known at another Democratic convention. It was in 1964 in Atlantic City and she arrived with a group of black delegates from Mississippi and she simply asked. She simply asked that her delegates be seated in place of the state's all white delegation.

Maxine Waters: She told the people in the room about the violence she suffered at the hands of white police because she a black woman had demanded her right to vote. When she finished. She asked the country a simple, but profound question is this America. She didn't get the outcome she was hoping for in Atlantic City, but you can bet that when the official Mississippi delegation was seated at the convention four years later, Fannie Lou Hamer was sitting there with them.

Maxine Waters: Now here we are here. We are 60 years later at another Democratic convention with Kamala, Harris Kamala. Harris as our party's nominee also I know there is no better leader to marshal us into the future. Kamala has been a courtroom prosecutor, a district attorney, an attorney general, a United States, Senator Vice President of the United States.

Maxine Waters: And when the dust settles in November and Americans of all stripes have elected her, their President, I know she'll be thinking about Fannie Lou, who I happen to know, is one of Kamala's heroes. In that moment, all of us, all of us from New York to Pennsylvania, to Arizona, to California, we can ask ourselves is this America And we will be able to say loudly and proudly you're damn right, it is.

Unidentified: Please welcome President and CEO of the NAACP Derrick Johnson and President and CEO of the National Coalition on Black Civic Participation, Melanie Campbell.

Derrick Johnson: Good evening. I'm Derrick Johnson, President and CEO of the NAACP And I'm here to do my black job. Since the founding of our nation, We have been on an unending march to protect this imperfect union. Tonight, we celebrate the power of the collective of what is possible when we are all in for all people. But as we do let us not forget the history that preceded this moment or the history makers who prepared us for it. As we just heard in 1964, the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party led by Fannie, Lou, Hamer and Mississippi.

Derrick Johnson: NAACP state President, Aaron Henry, who stood tall and challenged a process that excluded them to ensure that we will all be recognized here tonight. In 1973, The historic elections of Atlanta's mayor, Maynard Jackson, Detroit's mayor, Coleman, Young and LA's mayor, Tom Bradley paved the way for another historic election just ten years later.

Derrick Johnson: Right here in Chicago with the election of Harold, Washington as the first black mayor of the city of Chicago and in 1988, the Reverend Jesse Jackson in his second quest for the white House inspired us all to keep hope alive. Now this is important because we must all understand black history is American history and in this historic moment, we will write the next chapter together.

Derrick Johnson: Good evening. I'm Melanie Campbell, President and CEO of the National Coalition on Black Civic Participation and national convener of the Black Women's Roundtable. We have come this far by faith and for black women. This moment has been a long time coming. Vice President, Kamala Harris's path to becoming the Democratic nominee for President of the United States has been paved by the leadership, sacrifice, faith and patriotism of generations of black women black.

Derrick Johnson: Women like Doctor Dorothy, Irene Height; Diane Nash, Ella Baker, Amelia Boynton Robinson, Barbara Jordan, Shirley Chisholm and Reverend -- Willie Barrow. Women whose optimism about what America could be and their fight to make that vision real redefined the leadership role that black women could play in moving our nation forward as President Kamala Harris will lead with power, brilliance and strength from the highest office in the land.

Jesse Jackson: [Video clip] Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to. We resist those attacks collectively and we will stand together. Do we believe in freedom support human rights, We believe in that support? Self-Determination will build on that stronger together is not just a lesson from our history.

Jesse Jackson: The institutions of this country belong to all of the people who inhabit it.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Jesse Jackson took to the stage at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago knowing the uphill battle he would face in composing the score of A Harmonious Nation. [Video clip] Reverend Jackson started out very young, he opened the door and he continues to do that even now that all of us have a responsibility for other generations to come behind us. [Video clip] Jesse Jackson's candidacy in 1984 helped to pave the way for Barack Obama's presidency in 2008. His 1988 candidacy helped to reshape the Democratic National Committee.

Unidentified: His candidacy was before its time. [Video clip] Fueled by passion and determination and marching to their own beat, our civil rights leaders laid the groundwork for lasting change dreaming of a country where equality and justice inspired the next generation. [Video clip] We need the energy of our young people.

Unidentified: We need the wisdom of our elders. We all can be proud to say that we are truly a leading democracy and we respect people's ability to exist. [Video clip] America is not like a blanket one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size America is more like a quilt many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes. [Video clip] Standing on the shoulders of giants, Kamala Harris is the candidate who encompasses the brilliance determination, analysis And the action to carry the torch lit by the founders of the movement.

Unidentified: There is only one choice to represent our collective voice. [Video clip] What kind of country do we want to live in? Value system of the modern Democratic Party has been shaped by the civil rights movement of the 1960s. [Video clip] There's a direct line from 64 to National Democratic Convention where Fannie Lou Hamer asked to be seated in 2024 where black woman is the Democratic nominee.

Unidentified: It's been a long struggle and a long journey, but family is going to be vindicated. And Shirley Chisholm is going to be vindicated in the 24 Democratic convention. [Video clip] I wonder if I could sit in a room with Shirley Chisholm with Rosa Parks with Coretta, Scott King, what would they say about what's happening today? [Video clip] The civil rights movement has been a key part of organizing the agenda, not just of the Democratic Party but of democracy. [Video clip] This is the hope that runs through Kamala Harris's leadership.

Unidentified: One where hope change and freedom are the drum line of our democracy. [Video clip] I stand before you today as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the presidency of the United States of America. [Video clip] I stand before you today to proudly announce I am now officially the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.

Unidentified: We must never surrender America will get better keep hope alive, keep hope alive. Please welcome founder and President of the Rainbow Push coalition Reverend Jesse Jackson. [Audience chants "Jesse." Jackson greets the crowd.]

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]