Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-1-hour-5-chicago-august-19-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Unidentified: [Video clip] -- we have a convicted felon running for President and to take on this case, we need a President who has spent her life prosecuting perpetrators like Donald Trump. He tried overturning Georgia's free and fair election. [Video clip] I just want to find 11,780 votes. He's tried to escape any responsibility for instigating, the January 6th, attack on our Capitol.

Unidentified: We're going to walk down to the Capitol and I'll be there with you. [Video clip] And if elected, Trump has promised to overturn laws that would keep him accountable and exact retribution on anyone, he considers an enemy even warning of a bloodbath if he doesn't get his way. [Video clip] So we -- the people have a chance to render our own verdict on Donald Trump democracy.

Unidentified: We are the jury, he most fears when we vote this November, we vote for justice accountability. And the rule of law that keeps America free do we believe in freedom. Please welcome Maryland Representative, Jamie Raskin.

Jamie Raskin: Thank you. Hello America and welcome to the Democracy Convention. Welcome to the Freedom Convention and thank you for the beautiful weather. Chicago, it's -- it's been a little rough on Capitol Hill where it's not just the heat, it's the stupidity now. We meet in this great city tonight where Abraham Lincoln was nominated in 1860 to save the Union from fanatical insurrectionists and where Franklin D Roosevelt was renominated by Democrats in 1940 to defeat fascist dictators.

Jamie Raskin: Now we fight in our time to defend our freedom and our democracy against the banana Republicans who have converted Lincoln's party into a dangerous cult of personality. You know, I'll never forget the pounding on the doors of the House Chamber on January 6th were the screams to follow hundreds of our police officers taunted and attacked 140 of them wounded by extremists, wielding baseball, bats steel pipes, even American flags.

Jamie Raskin: Five people died that day and four more of our officers took their own lives in the days and weeks to come. All of this after Trump was defeated by more than 7 million votes by the great Joe Biden. It was after 80. Judges rejected every ridiculous claim raised by this sore loser, who does not know how to take no for an answer from American voters.

Jamie Raskin: American courts or American women remember what the mob chanted as they stormed the Capitol and injured our officers Hang Mike pence. Someone should have told Donald Trump that the President's job under article two of the Constitution. Someone should have told Donald Trump that the President's job under article two of the Constitution is to take care that the laws are faithfully executed, not that the Vice President is executed.

Jamie Raskin: Pence has now joined more than two dozen officials from Donald Trump's own administration in denouncing him. An historical record and pence is the first Vice President in more than two centuries not to support the President he served with in a general election. And by the way, J.D. Vance, do you understand why there was a sudden job opening for running mate on the GOP ticket?

Jamie Raskin: The -- they tried to kill your predecessor, they tried to kill him because he would not follow Trump's plan to destroy and nullify the votes of millions of Americans. Your votes, Pennsylvania, your votes, Michigan, your votes, Georgia, nevada, arizona. Are we going to go back to the days of election suppression and violent insurrection?

Jamie Raskin: We're not going back. Well, look. One week after that beautiful day as Trump calls it, the Republicans ten Republicans joined all of the Democrats to impeach Trump for the worst high crime and misdemeanor ever committed by a President inciting insurrection against our own constitution. Make no mistake, a man who uses fraud, theft and violence to take power will commit any crime to keep it and now Trump's promising to pardon hundreds of his fellow criminal convicts and insurrectionists.

Jamie Raskin: He calls for quote the termination of all rules, regulations and articles even those in the Constitution. My friends are we the people going to let Donald Trump terminate our Constitution and obliterate the blessings of liberty for our posterity. That's right. We're going to elect Kamala Harris. We're going to elect the career prosecutor and inspiring public servant and coach Walz.

Jamie Raskin: And we're going to defeat Donald Trump, the career criminal and incorrigible recidivist con man and his pet chameleon J.D. Vance and America. Let's make it a landslide. So big that Donald Trump and his kangaroo court Supreme Court justices cannot even try to steal it. Let's make every vote count. Let's make sure every vote is counted.

Jamie Raskin: Let's let freedom ring and let's let democracy work in America.

Unidentified: Please welcome Texas Representative, Jasmine Crockett.

Jasmine Crockett: Well, good, good evening America. On November 5th, our nation will hire a President, a commander in chief and leader of the free world, so let's compare their resumes shall we One candidate worked at McDonald's while she was in college at an HBCU HQ. The other was born with a silver spoon in his mouth and helped his daddy in the family business housing discrimination.

Jasmine Crockett: That is she became a career prosecutor. While he became a career criminal, with 34 felonies, two impeachments and one porn star to prove it. Her entire career as an elected district, attorney, attorney general and Senator, she's always worked for one client. The people. Meanwhile he's a 78 year old. Lifelong predator, fraudster and cheat known for inciting violent mobs.

Jasmine Crockett: Listen y'all, he's only looked out for one person himself. As women are dying, he is bragging about overturning Rowe and y'all know I come from Texas and right now in Texas come on Texas. But right now in Texas they want to institute the death penalty. That is a problem. While Kamala Harris is fighting for our reproductive rights to be restored.

Jasmine Crockett: She is also the leader we need on the global stage, she helped secure the release of Americans wrongfully detained in Russia. At the same time, he cozies up to his role model, Vladimir Putin and MAGA holds legislation hostage here at home critical resources to secure the border, military aid to Ukraine and even the farm bill.

Jasmine Crockett: She's lived the American dream while he's been America's nightmare America. Looking at the two choices before you who would you hire Donald Trump or Kamala, Harris Kamala Harris has a resume. Donald Trump has a rap sheet, she presides over the Senate while he keeps our national secrets next to his thinking, chair, y'all know what I said the other time And maralago.

Jasmine Crockett: While Donald Trump wants to put our 1787 Constitution through his project 2025 Paper Shredder and make every day January 6th, Kamala Harris is fighting to fulfill the promise of America in the real world. This wouldn't even be close. But this election is don't make a mistake, we are the underdogs in this fight, even though there is only one person qualified, only one person who's done the work and who has delivered the results and she's needs you, she needs your one vote this November.

Jasmine Crockett: Can we count on you? Some of you know a little bit of my history, some of you don't, So let me tell you, I was a public defender. I did criminal defense as well as practice civil rights law for almost two decades, I know a good prosecutor when I see one Kamala Harris is the kind of prosecutor we long for in the cases like those of Breonna Taylor.

Jasmine Crockett: Yeah, she was the first attorney general in the nation to order that her officers wear body cams and she started the back on track program to reduce recidivism. Listen, y'all she did all these things because she genuinely cares about people, she sees each person as just that a person, not a statistic. She's proven that since the first day, she stepped into a courtroom and said what y'all already heard Hillary say, I did not copy off of her speech.

Jasmine Crockett: I just want y'all to know she walked into that courtroom and said Kamala Harris for the people. And she meant that. Many of you know her credentials. But what I love about Kamala Harris goes beyond her resume. It's that she sees the humanity in everyone. She's the only candidate in this race who is capable of empathy.

Jasmine Crockett: When I first got to Congress, I wasn't sure I made the right decision. The Chaos Caucus couldn't elect a speaker and the Oversight Committee was unhinged. I was going through all of this when I visited the Vice President's residence for the first time as I approached Vice President Harris for our official photo.

Jasmine Crockett: She turned to me and asked what's wrong Mind you. We'd never met, but she saw right through me. She saw the distress, I immediately began crying. And the most powerful woman in the world wiped my tears. And listen, it's so hard for me to tell this story. She then said, among other things, you are exactly where God wants you, your district chose you because they believe in you and so do I. Okay, It's a mistake.

Jasmine Crockett: Okay, the next month. I went viral for the first of many times to come for hitting Republicans with a dose of their own medicine. That brief but impactful interaction gave me my legislative legs and I've been running ever since the question before us is will a vindictive vile villain violate voters vision for a better America or not?

Jasmine Crockett: I hear Alliterations are back in style. We deserve better. We deserve a President who can be a bright light in a sea of darkness, one who will put us -- who will pull us forward because we won't go back. Amanda Gorman said it best. There's always light. If only we are brave enough to see it, if only we are brave enough to be it Kamala, Harris showed me that light in America when she is our President, together we will shine as that beacon of hope and freedom around the world once more, god bless y'all.

Unidentified: [Video clip] This is one of our willow boxes. This is the outfit that she was gonna maybe wear home from the hospital. There's her little the blanket that she was in. It's okay, I know. The 54 years, they were trying to get Roe v, Wade terminated, and I did it, and I'm proud to have done it. I was punished for three days having to wait for either my baby to die or me to die or both. [Video clip] I was stuck in this horrific hell of both wanting to hear her heartbeat and also hoping I wouldn't. There has to be some form of punishment for the woman.

Unidentified: Yeah, it has to be some form. I almost died because doctors were forced to follow Trump's abortion ban. Kamala will protect a woman's right to choose. [Video clip] We trust women to make. Decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do. I have so much faith in her and when Congress passes a law to restore reproductive freedoms as President of the United States, I will sign it into law.

Unidentified: We have to fight for Kamala Harris, our rights, our freedoms and frankly our lives, everything is on the line.

Josh Zurawski: When you're expecting a baby packing for the hospital should be a joyful moment for us. It was different. We were told with 100 % certainty. We would lose our baby girl, Willow and we were sent home for three days. We waited until Amanda was sick enough to receive standard abortion care. Eventually Amanda's temperature spiked.

Josh Zurawski: She was shaking disoriented and crashing. I don't remember what I threw into our bag that day only that instead of welcoming Willow, I was hoping Amanda's life could be saved. I'm here tonight because the fight for reproductive rights isn't just a woman's fight. This is about Out fighting. This is about fighting for our families.

Josh Zurawski: And as Kamala Harris says our future, every time I share our story, my heart breaks for the baby girl, we wanted desperately for the doctors and nurses who couldn't help me deliver her safely. For Josh who feared, he would lose me too. But I was lucky I lived, so I'll continue sharing our story standing with women and families across the country.

Josh Zurawski: Today because of Donald Trump more than 1 in three women of reproductive age in America lives under an abortion ban, a second Trump term would rip away even more of our rights passing a national abortion ban, letting states monitor pregnancies and prosecute doctors restricting birth control and Fertility treatments.

Josh Zurawski: We cannot let that happen. We need to vote as if lives depend on it because they do.

Kaitlyn Joshua: Two years ago my husband and I were expecting our second child, our daughter Lauren couldn't wait to be a big sister. I was getting ready for her fourth birthday party when something didn't feel right. Two emergency rooms sent me away because of Louisiana's abortion ban. No one would confirm that I was miscarrying.

Kaitlyn Joshua: I was in pain bleeding so much my husband feared for my life. No woman should experience what I endured, but too many have they write to me saying what happened to you happened to me, sometimes their miscarrying scared to tell anyone, even their doctors, our daughters deserve better America deserves better.

Kaitlyn Joshua: Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will fight for reproductive rights in our freedom and our shared future.

Hadley Duvall: Growing up, I was an All-American girl, varsity soccer, captain cheerleading, captain homecoming, queen and survivor. I was raped by my stepfather after years of sexual abuse at age 12, I took my first pregnancy test and it was positive. That was the first time I was ever told you have options. I can't imagine not having a choice.

Hadley Duvall: But today that's the reality for many women and girls across the country because of Donald Trump's abortion bans, he calls it a beautiful thing, what is so beautiful about a child having to carry her parents child. There are other survivors out there who have no options. And I want you to know that we see you.

Hadley Duvall: We hear you Kamala Harris will sign a national law to restore the right to an abortion. She will fight for every woman in every girl even those who are not fighting for her. And now I am honored to introduce another champion for women, a leader who has fought for me and for so many others governor Andy Beshear.

Andy Beshear: Casey, casey, casey, casey hadley duvall is one of the bravest people I've ever met. I'm amazed at the courage it takes to share her pain to share her truth. Yet Donald Trump brags about tearing a constitutional right away from Hadley and every other woman and girl in our country. That's why we must tear away any chance he can ever be President ever again.

Andy Beshear: In 21 states Trump's actions have resulted in extreme bans on abortion in my state even in cases of rape, incest and non-viable pregnancies. That leaves 12 year old girls like Hadley with no options that fails any test of humanity. Any test of basic decency, any test of whether you have any underlying empathy?

Andy Beshear: Thankfully, this extremism is being soundly rejected all over our country. In Kentucky, we put reproductive freedom on the ballot last November and I beat Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell's hand-picked candidate by more than five percentage points this November. We're going to beat them again, elect Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz and protect reproductive freedom.

Andy Beshear: Folks, donald Trump appointed the Supreme Court justices who got us into this mess his project 2025 goes even further. Here's the thing. Trump and Vance simply don't believe in your freedom trump says people are absolutely thrilled that women had their basic rights eliminated. J.D. Vance says women should stay in violent marriages and that pregnancies resulting from rape are simply inconvenient.

Andy Beshear: Their policies give rapists more rights than their victims. That's not inconvenient. It's just plain wrong. And a woman grieving, a non-viable pregnancy shouldn't be required to carry it to term just to listen to her child die or to hear no sound at all. All women should have the freedom to make their own decisions freedom over their own bodies, freedom about whether to pursue IVF freedom about whether to have children at all.

Andy Beshear: How we treat people transcends party lines, it goes right to the heart of who we are. My faith teaches me the golden rule that I am to love my neighbor as myself and the parable of the Good Samaritan says we are all each other's neighbors. So I want anyone watching tonight, Republican Independent Democrat to know that you are welcome here.

Andy Beshear: We believe in an America where we live out our values, end anger, politics, once and for all and move beyond this us versus them by remembering we are all Americans. That's how Joe Biden and Kamala Harris lead. They both called to ask how they could help Kentucky in recovering from natural disasters. They helped us improve our roads, our bridges and invested in our people.

Andy Beshear: They didn't ask me who Kentuckians voted for. They asked me what Kentuckians needed and folks they delivered Kamala Harris gets it, she knows we must move beyond anger, extremism and division that everyone has dignity and deserves respect. America, we're going to win and we're going to win by staying true to our values of compassion, empathy and doing right by our neighbors.

Andy Beshear: I'm so proud to be all in for the next President of the United States, Kamala Harris. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock.

Raphael Warnock: Well, hello America, thank you so very much on January 5th, 2021. The people of Georgia did an amazing thing. They sent a black kid who grew up in public housing and the Jewish son of an immigrant to the United States Senate in one fell swoop. And among those Georgians was my then 82 year old mother. She grew up in Waycross, Georgia.

Raphael Warnock: Do you know where that is? It's Waycross Georgia. She grew up in Waycross, Georgia where she picked other people's cotton and other people's tobacco. But because this is America, the 82 year old hands that used to pick somebody else's cotton and somebody else's tobacco, picked her youngest son to be a United States Senator.

Raphael Warnock: This is my America. Thank you, mom. Thank you, Georgia. Thank you America for raising your voice and using your vote. A vote is a kind of prayer for the world we desire for ourselves and for our children and our prayers are stronger when we pray together. And so together together, we flipped the Senate, held the House and we sent Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to the white House.

Raphael Warnock: Together together, we vaccinated our citizens, we fortified our cities and our towns and we stood by our small businesses. Together, we set out to heal the land a nation besieged by a deadly pandemic and beset by the awful and divisive rhetoric of a man too small. For the office entrusted him or the task set before him.

Raphael Warnock: The day after my January 5th election, he instigated an insurrection, a violent assault on our nation's capitol and the peaceful transfer of power, all driven by the Big Lie. But behind the Big Lie was an even bigger lie. It is the lie that this increasingly diverse American electorate does not get to determine the future of the country.

Raphael Warnock: The lie and the logic of January 6th is a sickness. It is a kind of cancer that then metastasized into dozens of voter suppression laws all across our country. And we must be vigilant tonight because these anti-democratic forces are at work right now in Georgia and all across our country. And the question is who will heal the land?

Raphael Warnock: And so here we are America, are you ready, Are you ready to stand up in this moral moment, Stand up for the best in the American Covenant. Elections are about the character of a country and we must decide again we are the latest generation of Americans who get to decide what kind of country we want to be and we must choose between the promise of January 5th and the peril of January 6th a Nation that embraces a nation that embraces all of us or just some of us donald Trump's America is the America of January 6th, people who have no vision traffic in division.

Raphael Warnock: He does not know how to lead us and so he wants to divide us America, make no mistake, Donald Trump is a plague on the American conscience. He is a -- he is a clear and present threat to the precious covenant we share with one another. And yes, I saw him -- I saw him holding the Bible and endorsing a Bible as if it needed his endorsement.

Raphael Warnock: He should try reading it, it says, do justice, love kindness and walk humbly with your God, he should try reading it. It says, love your neighbor as yourself. It says inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these, you have done it also unto me. I choose the American covenant e pluribus unum out of many, one I choose.

Raphael Warnock: January 5th, I choose a nation that provides a path for ordinary people and gives every child a chance and that's Joe Biden's America and he's been fighting for it for more than a half century President Biden, America is so much better because of you a true patriot Who has always put the people first? [Audience chants "Thank you, Joe."] But I'll tell you something else, not only is that Joe Biden's America, that's Kamala Harris's America, she was leading with Joe Biden when we expanded the child tax credit, cutting child poverty in America.

Raphael Warnock: Nearly in half we ought to renew it. She cast a tie breaking vote for my bill capping the cost of insulin to no more than $35 per month for seniors. We are to extend it to everybody together. We passed an infrastructure bill, bolstered American manufacturing and clean energy energy and investment in the House that we all share together and I've got news for you.

Raphael Warnock: We are just getting started. Are you ready to win this election? Kamala Harris and Tim Walz represent the new way forward. We're not going back. We're not going back because we are the United States of America. We always dream about the future and so forward on women's reproductive rights because we believe that a patient's room is too small and cramped a space for a woman, her doctor and a United States government.

Raphael Warnock: That's too many people in the room forward forward on worker rights because most people do not mind working. They just want to share in the prosperity that they are creating for others forward on voting rights forward on affordable housing and access to health care. We are moving forward and so I'm inspired tonight.

Raphael Warnock: I'm inspired by all of you. I'm inspired by the resilience of an American spirit that has rebounded from the pandemic and is holding at bay. The forces that are trying to divide us, and I'm inspired tonight by the memory of my late father, a preacher and a junkman monday through Friday, he lifted old broken cars and put them on the back of an old rig.

Raphael Warnock: But on Sunday morning, the man who lifted broken cars lifted broken people whom other people had discarded and told them that they were God's somebody. My dad discovered strength in the broken places, a power made perfect in weakness. And so I'm convinced tonight that we can lift the broken even as we climb.

Raphael Warnock: I'm convinced tonight that we can heal sick bodies, we can heal the wounds that divide us, we can heal a planet in peril, we can heal the land. And in a strange way, in a strange way, the pandemic taught us how a contagious airborne disease means that I have a personal stake in the health of my neighbor.

Raphael Warnock: If she's sick, I may get sick also. Her health care is good for my health. I'm just trying to tell you that we are as close in our humanity as a cough, I need my neighbor's children to be okay so that my children will be okay. I need all of my neighbor's children to be okay poor inner city children in Atlanta and poor children of Appalachia.

Raphael Warnock: I need the poor children of Israel and the poor children of Gaza. I need Israelis and Palestinians. I need those in the Congo. Those. in Haiti, those in Ukraine, I need American children on both sides of the track to be okay because we are all God's children and so let's stand together. Let's work together.

Raphael Warnock: Let's organize together. Let's pray together. Let's stand together. Let's heal the land. God bless you. Keep the faith and keep looking up.

Unidentified: Please welcome Delaware Senator Chris Coons.

Chris Coons: Good evening, folks, good evening, America, good evening, Chicago. Are there any Democrats in the room tonight? Folks, we are on the verge of making history. We are on the verge of an Historic election and I want to talk with you for just a few minutes about my dear friend, our President, Joe Biden, joe Biden's, mom had a saying you are defined by your courage and you are redeemed by your loyalty.

Chris Coons: Four years ago, I had the honor of helping introduce Joe Biden to our national convention. I spoke about Joe's faith, his love of family. His determination to restore the soul of our nation. Back in 2020, America was nearly flat on our back from a deadly pandemic, an economic collapse and then in January, an assault on our democracy.

Chris Coons: All of us, all of this because the drama and chaos of our former President had knocked us down, but folks, joe Biden's courage, joe Biden's, faith in us, joe Biden's determination to heal the soul of our nation gave us hope and gave us confidence, someone who has Himself been knocked down by life time and again Joe Biden knows the grit and determination of the American people.

Chris Coons: He believed in us and Joe Biden helped us get back up again using the incredible skills he developed in many years in the US Senate. Joe got passed and signed into law the most consequential legislation Relation of any President in 60 years, helping our veterans advancing gun safety, cutting prescription drug prices.

Chris Coons: Fighting climate change, rebuilding bridges and broadband, bringing manufacturing back to America together, Joe and Kamala help rebuild our economy from the middle up from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down. And they made our families safer and our country stronger at home. And abroad?

Chris Coons: Today, we are so much better off because they believed in us and our democracy and our incredible First Lady Jill Biden, our incredible First Lady Jill Biden, our incredible First Lady Jill Biden was at Joe's side every step of the way fighting for education, advancing the cancer Moonshot determined to improve women's health care.

Chris Coons: Honoring military families, joe and Jill together, you have done so much for us and there's so much more you will do and we can do together. Mr. President, thank you. Thank you for elevating a great leader in Kamala Harris, vice President, Harris. Thank you for choosing a great running mate with a heart for the middle class like yours in Sergeant, Congressman Koch Governor, Tim Walz.

Chris Coons: I have hope do you -- I have hope, do you? I have hope, do you? And it is in no small part because of Joe Biden. I have never known a more compassionate man than Joe Biden. I have never known a man who has taken from his own loss and his own faith and delivered so much for the future of so many others. Mr. President, Mr. President, you were my Senator as a delawarean.

Chris Coons: You are my President as an American and you will always be my friend on behalf of our nation, Joe for your courage in fighting for our democracy. We thank you, on behalf of our Democratic Party for your loyalty in fighting for our democratic values. We thank you. And on behalf of Delaware, thank you, Joe and God bless you. [Audience chants "We love you Joe"] Thank you all.

Chris Coons: We love Joe. God bless you and thank you very much.

Vivian Wierwille: Hi, I'm Vivian Wierwille and I'm a fourth grade student at Christa McAuliffe. I've been bouncing around all week, excited for this moment. And last night, I could barely sleep. I remember the day that we heard that President Biden had won and the whole neighborhood started celebrating. So when I heard you were coming, I really wanted to meet you.

Vivian Wierwille: I adore you because you embraced change from my generation and the ones to come. I look up to you now. It is my honor to introduce our First Lady doctor, Jill Biden.

Unidentified: Please welcome First Lady of the United States Jill Biden.

Note: [Music is played]

Jill Biden: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Love you too. Yeah, joe and I have been together for almost 50 years and still there are moments when I fall in love with him all over. Again, like when I handed him our baby Ashley for the first time and saw the smile that lit up his face or on nights after an exhausting day in working in the Senate when he would read one more bedtime story just because the kids asked when he Stops on a rope line because he sees someone grieving who needs to know that everything is going to be all right one day.

Jill Biden: Or to encourage that child with a stutter to find the confidence she needs those moments. When I'm reminded of all, he's accomplished in the name of something bigger than himself, receiving the Medal of Freedom with humility, placing his hand on our family Bible to take his oath of office and weeks ago when I saw him dig deep into his soul and decide to no longer seek reelection and endorse Kamala Harris with faith and conviction, Joe knows that our nation's strength doesn't come from intimidation or cruelty.

Jill Biden: It comes from the small acts of kindness, that heal deep wounds from service to the communities that make us who we are from love of a country that shines with promise and renewal. Kamala Harris knows that too, our son Beau first worked with Kamala when he was attorney general of Delaware. He told me at the dinner table, one night mom, she's special someone to keep your eye on and he was right, joe.

Jill Biden: And I know Kamala. We have seen her courage, her determination and her leadership up close Kamala and Tim you will win. And and you are inspiring a new generation, we are all a part of something bigger than ourselves. And we are stronger than we know the future of our country is in the hands of those in this room and all of you watching at home.

Jill Biden: It's going to take all of us and we can't afford to lose with faith in each other, hope for a brighter future and love for our country. We will fight and we will win together. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome first daughter Ashley Biden.

Ashley Biden: Good evening. I have this memory. It's the eve of my eighth birthday. Dad is still in DC tending to urgent matters in the Senate that night. As a surprise, mom told me Beau and Hunter to get in the car, I remember pulling up to the Wilmington, Amtrak station, riding up the escalator to the platform, the train stops.

Ashley Biden: Doors, open and dad steps out as soon as I saw him, I run down that platform and jump into his arms like magic mom brought out a cake. They sang Happy birthday and I blew out the candles, dad hugged me and he said that he had to get back to work. He crossed the south bound train and off. He went to DC. That was a snapshot of one moment of one day on this extraordinary journey of being Joe Biden's daughter.

Ashley Biden: Joe Biden is the OG girl, dad, he told me I could be anything and I could do anything as a child. I would sit on the leather chair in his office, doing my homework and he would sit next to me doing his work, drafting the Violence Against Women Act and he wasn't just a girl, dad, I could see and he wasn't just a girl, dad.

Ashley Biden: I could see that he valued and trusted women, how he listened to his mother, how he believed in his sister and most of all how he respected my mother's career. Dad was always there doing everything he could to be a true partner to her dad. You always tell us, but we don't tell you enough that you are the love of our lives and the life of our love.

Ashley Biden: I have --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]