Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-2-hour-1-chicago-august-20-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Unidentified: Please welcome Democratic National Committee Chair, Jaime Harrison and Democratic National Convention co-chair Mayor Mitch Landrieu.

Jaime Harrison: Welcome back Democrats to chair today's session. I'm proud to pass the gavel to co-chair Mayor Mitch Landrieu.

Mitch Landrieu: Hello America, this -- yeah, there you go. Let me do it again. This is the second in-person session of the 49th quadrennial national convention of the Democratic Party will now come to order. Please stand if you are able for this evening's invocation offered by Rabbi Sharon Brous and Imam Doctor Talib Shareef.

Sharon Brous: We have gathered together this week to craft a redemption story for America. My faith is sustained by a redemption story. A people beleaguered and bereft traversing the desert on a journey from degradation to dignity, from darkness to light holy one, help us write America's redemption story. A story of ceaseless striving toward a true multiracial democracy rooted in equal justice, where every person is treated as unique, mighty and worthy of love in this story.

Sharon Brous: Politics is not a vehicle for repression, bigotry or personal profit, but a call to service this story counters extremism with capaciousness and compassion. It rejects the inevitability of war affirming that every one of us Muslim and Jew Christian black white Latino AAPI, queer and straight Israeli and Palestinian deserves to live in dignity and in peace.

Sharon Brous: Some say that this story is Possible, but we know that the God of redemption specializes in the impossible and so must we may. We be guided by hope joy and a fierce moral imagination. Amen.

Talib Shareef: Greetings of peace, we pray that Almighty God Allah will bless this historic convention. Tonight. We build upon our pledge one nation under God indivisible from Adam created without racial, ethnic or national identity, but the first identity human bless us to embrace our shared identity and diverse expressions.

Talib Shareef: Of life that contribute to the beauty and strength of our nation of nations made up of people coming together from every land. E pluribus unum in moving forward in moving forward with a bold vision for the future. We pray it will reflect our nation's diversity and intrinsic nature to live together intelligently bless our leaders with wisdom to do the right thing consistent with God's ways to stand firm against inhumane acts.

Talib Shareef: To treat all humans as the sacred creation of the Almighty and may we remember the inalienable rights service members sacrifice to protect that is the America we vote for amen, amen.

Unidentified: Please welcome Joshua Davis from Virginia to lead us in the Pledge of Allegiance.

Joshua Davis: I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all.

Unidentified: Please welcome Aristotle Garcia Byrne to sing our national anthem.

Note: [Aristotle Garcia Byrne sings the national anthem.]

Mitch Landrieu: Thank thank you. Iris folks give it up for Iris one more time. I'd like you to pause with me for a minute. Two years ago, my dad died the late Moon Landrieu. He was a great leader. He was a great mayor Secretary of HUD. He lived his life for others. We have lost so many patriots since the last convention.

Mitch Landrieu: So before we go any further tonight, let's take a moment and join with me and let's remember them all.

Note: [Music and a video clip is played.]

Unidentified: Please welcome the chair of the Carter Center and grandson of President Jimmy Carter. Jason Carter.

Jason Carter: Hello, I'm Jason Carter, my grandfather President. Carter will have his 100th birthday in October. I call him pawpaw and I can tell you that he wishes he could be here tonight. He and my grandmother led their lives with an unwavering faith in God A respect for human dignity honesty and a commitment to loving their neighbors as themselves.

Jason Carter: Those principles guided them throughout their lives, including during their four years in the white House and the four decades since for my grandfather, it was never about fame recognition accolades or awards. His legacy is measured by the lives he has touched and the good he has done kamala Harris carries my grandfather's legacy.

Jason Carter: She knows what is right and she fights for it. She understands that leadership is about service, not selfishness that you can show strength and demonstrate decency and that you can get a whole lot more done with a smile than with a scowl paw paw is holding on. He is hopeful and though his body may be weak tonight, his spirit is as strong as ever.

Jason Carter: My grandfather can't wait to vote for Kamala Harris. She reminds us all that the promise of America remains unchanged. We are one nation indivisible with liberty and justice for all and my grandfather knows that with her as our next President, we will keep that promise. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome delegate from New York and grandson of President John F Kennedy, Jack Schlossberg.

Jack Schlossberg: Hi, I'm Jack Schlossberg, President, John F Kennedy is my grandfather and he's my hero. JFK was the youngest person ever elected President and the first Catholic. He sent a man to the moon fought for civil rights and navigated the Cuban Missile Crisis peacefully. Most of all, he inspired a new generation to ask what they could do for our country.

Jack Schlossberg: Tonight, JFK's call to action is now ours to answer because once again the torch has been passed to a new generation to a leader who shares my grandfather's energy vision and optimism for our future. That leader is Vice President, Kamala Harris like President Kennedy, Vice President Harris has dedicated her life to public service.

Jack Schlossberg: She believes in America, like my grandfather did that we do things not because they're easy, but because they are hard as President, she will fight for working families. She will expand investments in clean energy so that my generation will have clean air and good jobs. She will defend our freedoms, the freedom for women anywhere in America to make their own health care choices, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to vote easily and without fear.

Jack Schlossberg: The choice is ours to make and history is watching to see what we will do. Now let's elect Kamala Harris, the next President of the United States. Thank you.

Mitch Landrieu: All right, America, how y'all doing, We are about to have a fired up ready to go. Yes, we can night y'all ready. Well, as you can see the torch has been passed to a new generation. So let's start off the night by talking about what's at the heart of the Harris walls agenda, defending our freedoms, advancing opportunity, protecting our democracy.

Mitch Landrieu: But the other guys, Donald Trump, J.D. Vance, they want to rip away our rights, crush the middle class and destroy our democracy. Their version of freedom is the government creeping creepily closer to every part of our lives. They're coming for our books, they're coming for our marriages. They're coming for our bodies.

Mitch Landrieu: They're even coming for uh, for women who don't have kids, but this just isn't about what we stand against. It's about what we stand for kamala, Harris and Tim Walz have a bold vision for America's future, where every American has a fair shot at the American dream. Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will build a future that belongs to all of us because we are one nation, not two.

Mitch Landrieu: Indivisible with liberty and justice for all not some. We are part of one nation pledging allegiance to one flag, and that is the flag of the United States of America. Hear this america is great because of who we are and more importantly, who we strive to be. My friends, our best days are ahead if we stick together.

Mitch Landrieu: My friends say it with me, let them hear it to the rooftops we are not going back. So now please help me. Welcome. Please help me. Welcome from the great state of Pennsylvania, the great Representative Malcolm Kenyatta.

Malcolm Kenyatta: Shall go down my fellow Americans, my name is Malcolm Kenyatta, a proud son of Pennsylvania. And as you saw I brought back Trump's project 2025, all 900 pages of it. And it's interesting because usually Republicans want to ban books, but now they're trying to shove this down. Our throats, it is a radical plan to drag us backwards, Bankrupt the middle class and raise prices on working families like yours and mine.

Malcolm Kenyatta: Under project 2025, a family making just $75,000 a year with just two kids would pay $1,800 more in federal taxes. No, no, no. But there's more because on page 465, project 2025 would stop Medicare from negotiating to lower the price of prescription drugs and capping out-of-pocket costs. And on page 587, project 2025 would cut overtime pay for hard working Americans.

Malcolm Kenyatta: But my friend, these bad ideas aren't new as long as we have been fighting to make America work for working families. There have been greedy corporate interests trying to take us back in 2019, my grandma a civil rights warrior called me her voice cracking. And she said, I'm so sorry, baby, I'm so sorry. I thought my generation had fixed this and here you are fighting the same battles.

Malcolm Kenyatta: But I want to tell you tonight, my friends what I said to my grandma I said it's okay grandma, it's just our turn, it's just our turn to stand up for working people and to stand up for our nation's promise. It's just our turn to defend our rights and to ensure that democracy Accuracy doesn't die on our watch.

Malcolm Kenyatta: It's our turn to make history, my friends by electing Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States of America. God bless you may God protect our troops.

Unidentified: I Don't know why, but I feel like read up. I've seen how the Biden-Harris focus on making health care affordable for middle class Americans has benefited so many of my patients. I support Kamala Harris because she fight for the working family and she thinks about the future of our country trump tried to take our country backward.

Unidentified: She has taken action to make sure child care and home care are accessible and affordable. I am a type one diabetic, so at the age of ten and having my insulin is not an option. My name is Ann from Wisconsin and this is my daughter Isla isla qualifies for a type of Medicaid based on a level of care for children with disabilities.

Unidentified: Donald Trump attempted to cut Medicaid every single year he was in office. Kamala Harris is the only candidate on the ticket this year that will actually continue to fight to get caps on insulin and we need her in office. I am all in for Harris 2024 We love. Hailing from the South Side of Chicago, please welcome Oscar and Grammy Award winning artist author and longtime activist common featuring Grammy Award winning gospel singer Jonathan McReynolds.

Jonathan McReynolds: I thank God for this moment in time where Kamala Harris will change the world for the better with love, hope and grace.

Note: [A song is sung.]

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] My name is Chuck. I voted for Trump in 2016. My is Tom, I'm from Michigan and I am a former Trump voter. I'm Joanna, I live in Florida. I'm a former Trump voter. I just cannot vote for the man and it can go from just being dishonest from a criminal and an insurrectionist. He has no respect for Americans. He has no respect for the Constitution. [Video clip]

Unidentified: I believe if Trump gets a second term, he's not leaving. He's staying. He broke the law. He doesn't believe they apply to him. The President of the United States exists to serve the people of the United States in 2024. I'm voting for Kamala Harris. Holy love, Wow! Wow! Wow! Please welcome Kyle Switzer from Alabama.

Kyle Sweetser: I voted for Trump not once, not twice, but three times you see I work in construction. I work with my hands. He told us he'd look out for blue collar workers. So I made my first ever political donation to Trump and I donated to him many times throughout his presidency, but then I started to see Trump's tariff policy in action.

Kyle Sweetser: Costs for construction workers like me were starting to soar. I realized Trump wasn't for me. He was for lining his own pockets now I'm not left wing period, but I believe our leaders should bring out the best in us, not the worst. That's why I'm voting for Kamala Harris. She's tough. She's going to tackle inflation.

Kyle Sweetser: Trump will make it worse. I'm voting for Kamala Harris, because she'll make us proud to be American again.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Nobody's ever called me weird. I have a lot of things, but weird, I'm not. -- The latem great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man. -- You know what I'd do. If there was a shark or you get electrocuted, I'll take electrocution every single time. -- Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. -- She said Kamala has one big advantage. She's a very beautiful woman. I'm a better looking person than Kamala. -- He says you're not going to be a dictator. Are you? I said no, no, no, other than day one. [Video clip]

Donald Trump: I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin for having made yet another great deal, Kim Jong UN. I had a good relationship with -- he's a tough smart guy. -- Now if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath. -- Well, they're the weird ones, J.D. is not at all. -- The people who are most deranged and most psychotic are people who don't have kids at home. [Video clip]

Donald Trump: Let's give votes to all children in this country, but let's give control over those votes to the parents of those children.-- In four years, you don't have to vote again, we'll have it fixed so good, you're not going to have to vote.

Unidentified: Please welcome Stephanie Grisham.

Stephanie Grisham: I wasn't just a Trump supporter. I was a true believer. I was one of his closest advisers. The Trump family became my family. I spent Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's all at Mar-A-Lago. I saw him when the cameras were off behind closed doors, trump mocks his supporters, he calls them basement dwellers on a hospital visit.

Stephanie Grisham: One time when people were dying in the ICU, He was mad that the cameras were not watching him. He has no empathy, no morals and no fidelity to the truth. He used to tell me it doesn't matter what you say, Stephanie, say it enough and people will believe you, but it does matter what you says matter and what you don't say matters.

Stephanie Grisham: On January 6th, I asked Melania if we could at least tweet that while peaceful protest is the right of every American, there's no place for lawlessness or violence. She replied with one word, no. I became the first senior staffer to resign that day. I couldn't be part of the insanity any longer when I was press secretary, I got skewered for never holding a white House briefing.

Stephanie Grisham: It's because unlike my boss, I never wanted to stand at that podium and lie now here. I am behind a podium advocating for a Democrat and that's because I love my country more than my party kamala Harris tells the truth. She respects the American people and she has my vote. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know why, but I feel like freed up. At our 12 week ultrasound, our worst nightmares came true, the baby had stopped growing but my body had not let go. I was told I was not eligible for any treatment at that point. The Dobbs decision was official and abortion was banned in 2021. [Video clip]

Unidentified: I needed an abortion after an ectopic pregnancy, I was able to access life saving medical care when I needed it and now I'm turning to IVF to build my family. I'm supporting Kamala Harris because I'm an IVF mom. It's not just the headline making stories that these bans impact, it impacts people trying to build families just like me. [Video clip]

Unidentified: All Americans deserve the right to build their families in the way they know is best for them. We need to band together and elect Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States. We love you. Please welcome Nabela Noor.

Nabela Noor: What calls me here tonight is hope as a woman who has struggled with fertility, I have not always been hopeful, but today I am -- I'd always dreamt of motherhood and coming from a large Bangladeshi American family. I imagined it would be easy, it wasn't My husband and I tried to conceive we failed, we tried and failed.

Nabela Noor: Again and again and again For six long years, finally, I got pregnant, we were overjoyed, but then I miscarried I was devastated. It was only after sharing my story online and hearing from women about their experiences with IVF that I felt a tiny glimmer of hope. So I started the IVF process, but just a few weeks before my egg retrieval, I learned I was pregnant.

Nabela Noor: Today we have two beautiful daughters, but this is not everyone's ending for many women. IVF is the only choice that choice and more is at stake in November, the freedom to plan your family. The hope of having a family at all. I'm here to stand with everyone fighting for our reproductive freedoms because my daughters and yours deserve every option, every hope, every possible future.

Nabela Noor: To anyone listening who is struggling to start a family, you are not alone. We will not let you lose hope because when we come together to raise our voices with love we win. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Michigan Senator Gary Peters.

Gary Peters: In Michigan, we believe we have to build an economy that grows the middle class and we know that when unions succeed, all workers win. I was raised in a union household. My father was a teacher and my mother a nurse's aide and they gave me and my sisters what every parent wants to provide for their children an opportunity to pursue their dreams.

Gary Peters: I went to public school, I worked odd jobs and became an Eagle Scout and Kamala Harris and Tim Walz grew up just like me and I know I know they will fight for all of us. They will make it easier to raise our families and to retire with dignity. Just look at the record as Vice President Kamala Harris helped pass legislation that finally finally allowed Medicare to negotiate and lower the cost of prescription drugs.

Gary Peters: She brought manufacturing jobs back to the United States of America and as governor Tim Walz signed the largest infrastructure investment in Minnesota history. And on the other hand, we have Donald Trump and J.D. Vance and let's be clear if they win, if they win working people like my friends here from the Teamsters will pay the price.

Gary Peters: For their project 2025 agenda is the same old, same old, got overtime, pay cut health care programs and give billions in tax breaks to billionaires. We we cannot let that happen and we will not let that happen and now I want to introduce some. Retired Teamsters and pension warriors led by Ken Stribbling, President of the National United Committee to Protect Pensions. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Kenneth Stribling: I am Kenneth Stribling, a proud retired teamster from local 200in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I hope you don't mind, but I brought some friends pension warriors from the NAACP People I found out in 2025. My pension, my monthly pension benefit was going to be reduced in half. Not long after that, my wife, Beverley was diagnosed with terminal cancer.

Kenneth Stribling: I didn't know how we were going to make it. So I went to a retirees meeting in the basement of a small church. At that moment. I knew we were not going to go down without a fight. Beverly made me promise never to quit until I -- Until we made this right. So we organized a nationwide grassroots movement for six years.

Kenneth Stribling: We fought hard. And finally we had a breakthrough after 50 days in office. The Biden-Harris administration passed the American Rescue Plan including the Butch Lewis Act to save our pensions and secure our retirement. They got it done without one single Republican vote in Congress. They saved over 1 million pensions including 33,000 from my state, Wisconsin, 52,000 from Pennsylvania, 61,000 from Michigan.

Kenneth Stribling: As President, I know Kamala Harris will have our backs. She will fight for our retirement, Social Security and Medicare. Beverly passed away in 2019. But I kept my promise because a promise is a promise is a promise. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video Clip] For years, Big Pharma has often inflated the price of life saving medications and millions of Americans have suffered. As a result, those costs got passed on to our seniors but not anymore. It was because of them that we had insulin for $35 compared to $687. What a gift this $35 is life changing for us? The beauty of it is it's fixed, everything else goes up, but it stays the same. [Video Clip]

Unidentified: I have more discretionary income 20, 30 bucks a month more his wife and I can go to the pub and have a burger and fries. I can afford my rent, I can afford to feed my children, I can afford my insulin. It's saving me a couple thousand dollars a year, which is several trips to visit the grandkids. I am looking forward to that lifestyle where I can travel and be able to enjoy my grandchildren and maybe great grandchildren.

Unidentified: It meant I could enjoy life. President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris will be in Maryland this afternoon to unveil a new plan cutting prescription drug costs. [Video Clip]

Unidentified: Ten popular drugs are affected by this, including cancer, diabetes, heart disease and blood clot medications. Seniors will save roughly $1.5 billion in out-of-pocket costs next year. With Kamala Harris, I feel so hopeful I feel the future of America will be good. As President, I'll lower the cost of insulin and prescription drugs for everyone.

Unidentified: I am so excited, I can't hardly stand it. We're going to only go forward. We can't go back.

Mitch Landrieu: Let's have another hand for our brothers and sisters from Teamsters and all of our brothers and sisters from the unions across America who are rebuilding it brick by brick. I mean after that what do you talk about Kamala? Harris wants to throw a little bit of dirt. So here we go after years of dead ends and broken promises President Biden and Vice President, Harris brought Republicans and Democrats together to actually get something done.

Mitch Landrieu: Trump promised Infrastructure Week, but never built anything, but this time the Biden-Harris administration is actually breaking ground and we're starting to turn dirt, ushering in an infrastructure A decade. All I see, all I see is possibilities ahead. You see the foundation of a strong economy is literally a country's infrastructure.

Mitch Landrieu: It's the cornerstone upon which all rest. We finally got a President and a Vice President who puts their money where their mouth is already already $460 billion out the door, $1 trillion of private sector investment, building roads and bridges and airports and ports and water systems. So that kids don't have to drink dirty water out of lead pipes.

Mitch Landrieu: And little girls don't have to sit on the back of their mama's car, trying to do their homework so they can have a better future for us. We're building a clean energy economy. All of it is moving out of the door and we're touching every part of the country from Alaska all the way down to Lowndes County. We have over here now 60,000 projects all across this country with funding already underway.

Mitch Landrieu: We're hitting the ground running and it's right in everybody's backyards. Two years ago after President Biden and Vice President, Harris passed the biggest infrastructure investment since President Eisenhower he called on me and others to help carry out that vision as we rebuild America. As a senior as a senior advisor to the President, we pushed out funding for the roads and the bridges.

Mitch Landrieu: We're literally building bridges to the future high speed internet and the clean energy economy. With these projects, we're ushering in a brighter future, a future in which everyone has clean air to breathe. Everyone has clean water to drink in future in which everyone has the opportunity to build generational wealth, a future in which the most vulnerable communities aren't forced to bear the brunt of progress and we have made historic progress towards that vision.

Mitch Landrieu: Let's take a look with what progress is being made in communities across the country with products that are being made right here in the USA.

Unidentified: [Video Clip] Since passing the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law. And the American Rescue Plan? The Biden-Harris administration is putting billions. Of dollars into cities and counties. Across the country over the next five years. I want to particularly thank the mayors of America, you make things work. Thanks to the Biden-Harris administration, the city of Phoenix has a much greener bus fleet. [Video Clip]

Unidentified: In San Antonio, we're building the airport of the future in the heart of our city. Until 1970, Scranton and New York were connected by passenger rail and within five years. Finally, we're getting that connection back. Our vision is to create a truly multi-modal city, a city where people can walk ride public transportation or ride a bike to get to their destination. [Video Clip]

Unidentified: Our city is able to create over 2000 jobs and move our transit system. Into the future? We are investing over $50 million to take vacant buildings just like this one to turn them into shovel ready job sites in the heart of our city. We were able to use American Rescue Plan funding for safe, affordable housing for our neighbors when a dilapidated.

Unidentified: Apartment complex was condemned. [Video Clip]

Unidentified: We were able to swiftly relocate these tenants in Tucson. We have planted or. Distributed? Over? 100,000 drought tolerant trees to combat extreme heat. In the great city of Baltimore, Maryland, we're opening brand new rec centers that closing in our city and many, many, many more investments thanks to President Biden and Vice President Harris.

Mitch Landrieu: All right, everybody what a way to start, but you ain't seen nothing yet. We got a great night planned and it all starts off all. You get to participate in this in the roll call, it starts off with something unlike anything you've ever seen. So look, stick around, we're going to be right back at you.

Note: [Music is played.]

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]