Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-1-hour-3-chicago-august-19-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Karen Bass: -- their parents are Kamala knows that each generation has an obligation to the next. That's why when I was speaker of the state Assembly and she was a prosecutor we fought to address youth homelessness and reform the child welfare system. We wanted to make sure that California's foster youth aren't cut off and left on their own.

Karen Bass: The day they turn 18 As attorney general. Kamala created our state's Bureau of Children's Justice and work to give children in the juvenile justice system the support they needed. And when I asked her to swear me in the first woman Vice President swearing in the first woman mayor of Los Angeles. We knew we were sending a message to young girls everywhere that they too can lead.

Karen Bass: Now I know Kamala and she feels the importance of this work in her bones. When Kamala meets a young person, you can feel her passion. You can feel her heart and you can feel her fearlessness that is what defines a commitment to children being willing to fight fiercely for every child. And trust me, Kamala has done that her entire life.

Karen Bass: So this November we're going to fight to elect Kamala Harris as the next President of these United States.

Unidentified: Please welcome Grammy nominated country music star, Mickey Guyton.

Mickey Guyton: How y'all doing?

Note: [Music is played.]

Peggy Flanagan: Thank you so much. As we look ahead to our collective future, it's important to reflect on all the incredible progress that we've made in the last four years. The Biden-Harris administration laid the groundwork for a stronger, more resilient nation. They invested in critical infrastructure delivered relief when disaster struck and made health care more affordable.

Peggy Flanagan: Kamala Harris cares And unlike Donald Trump, she has a plan not just for the next 4 or 8 years but for generations to come. Now let's hear from some of my fellow state executives about how Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are investing in the long term future for our nation.

Austin Davis: I'm Pennsylvania's lieutenant governor Austin Davis. I'm the proud son of a Union bus driver from Pittsburgh every day my dad would come home and tell me about how our roads and bridges were in disrepair. President Trump promised us infrastructure week over and over again. He really didn't care though and it never happened.

Austin Davis: But President Biden and Vice President Harris are on our side. They brought together Democrats and Republicans to get it done. We got I-95 in Philly fixed in less than two weeks. We repaired the Fern Hollow Bridge in Pittsburgh in record time. Right now, we're repairing roads and bridges across Pennsylvania, including in Pittsburgh, the city of bridges.

Austin Davis: And Vice President, Harris is looking forward, she's committed to keeping our infrastructure safe and modern. When I think about the future, I think about my daughter Harper and all of America's children investing in them means investing in our infrastructure. It means replacing millions of lead pipes. It means providing clean air, clean water, safe roads and bridges, not just for us, but for generations to come.

Austin Davis: That's the legacy that President Biden is leaving our children. Let's keep building bridges to the future with Kamala Harris and Tim Walz let's work.

Sara Rodriguez: In Wisconsin, we also need leaders by our side, I'm Wisconsin's lieutenant governor Sarah Rodriguez. But long before I took office, I was a registered nurse. I served in the Peace Corps at the height of HIV Aids and in Baltimore, emergency rooms at the height of the heroin. And gun violence epidemics during the COVID pandemic.

Sara Rodriguez: Trump and Wisconsin Republicans failed to protect our health. That's why I ran for office and flipped a red district blue because once a nurse always a nurse now Trump is promising to terminate the Affordable Care Act. Meddling in personal decisions between a woman and her doctor and threatening to slash Medicare.

Sara Rodriguez: Vice President, Harris fights for our health, she'll defend women's reproductive freedom and protect Medicare and Medicaid thanks to the Biden-Harris administration. Insulin is capped at $35 a month for seniors and they negotiated down the prices of ten more life saving drugs like Eliquis and Jardiance. For Americans on Medicare?

Sara Rodriguez: Kamala will continue to take on Big Pharma and lower the cost of prescriptions for everyone. Of course, healthcare isn't just about drugs and treatment. It's about freedom, the freedom to make your own choices and the freedom to get the care you need without worrying about the cost Kamala Harris is fighting for that healthy future.

Lina Hidalgo: Let me tell y'all about Texas leadership. I'm County Executive Lina Hidalgo and I serve the 5 million residents of Harris County. Harris County includes Houston, Texas, Governor Ann Richards said I've been tested by fire and the fire lost in the years I've been in office. We've dealt with chemical fires.

Lina Hidalgo: We've dealt with ten floods, seven hurricanes, a deadly winter freeze and of course the pandemic. When that last disaster struck, Donald Trump abandoned us, he spread misinformation that cost lives, compare that to 2021 when the Texas power grid went dark Kamala Harris didn't just put out a tweet. She called me to make sure we had what we needed.

Lina Hidalgo: Over the years, I've learned that Kamala Harris always calls and not only does she call she delivers the very week she launched her campaign. She was down in Texas with vital FEMA assistance right after Hurricane Beryl Kamala. Harris cares. She will never risk lives for the sake of politics and she's leading the charge to protect our communities from extreme weather.

Lina Hidalgo: The Biden-Harris administration has announced at least $1 billion to help us with just that and Houston is thriving. We deserve leaders who acknowledge the threats. Heck the existence of climate change. We deserve tough leaders who have our backs. We deserve compassionate leaders ready to help. That's Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Eleni Kounalakis: I can personally attest that Kamala is a leader who has our back -- I'm California's lieutenant governor Eleni Kounalakis, but I hold another title just as dear to me Kamala, Harris's friend. I met her when we were both young women trying to navigate the halls of power. I worked in housing, she had just been elected district attorney.

Eleni Kounalakis: We'd get frequent lunches together and she was funny and fun. She was also a great mentor once I told her about a professional experience of being minimized because I was a woman, she put her fork down and said Eleni, never let anybody make you feel small. I saw her put that creed into action when Wall Street foreclosed on millions of homes.

Eleni Kounalakis: Washington wisdom was that $4 billion was the best you could do other attorneys general agreed. But because Kamala Harris grew up in a middle class home, she knew that wasn't enough for all the working families who got screwed over. So she put her foot down and refused to settle for less. Kamala Harris won $20 Billion from the big banks for California homeowners, and that's because she cares.

Eleni Kounalakis: She cares so much that if you're lucky. Enough to be her friend, she calls you on her birthday and sometimes she sings to you. She called me on mine right when I had decided to run for lieutenant governor. She asked tough questions. I promised I'd follow her lead and invest in the future. Together, we shattered that glass ceiling California and God and got to work.

Eleni Kounalakis: I am so glad the country is getting to see the Kamala that I've known for decades for Californians and pennsylvanians for Texans and Wisconsinites for states red and blue and everything in between President Biden and Vice President Harris have been investing in our future and on our side and we are not going back.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Do you know about project 2025. The far right's playbook. It is Trump's vision for America's future. I'm not going to be nice. It will ban abortion nationwide. I got. Rid of Roe v Wade -- raise. Taxes on middle class families, gut Medicaid. That's money that funds a lot of medical treatment.

Unidentified: Strip rights from LGBTQ plus people [Video clip] Wait a minute, I'm not finished. Cut overtime pay. It is going to affect workers bottom lines. Give him unchecked power and? I will wield that power very aggressively and it. Begins his first day back in? Office in an exclusive undercover video, a coauthor of project 2025 saying that Donald Trump quote blessed the work he's doing now. [Video clip] He's been on our organization.

Unidentified: He's raised money for our organization. He's blessed it, so he's very supportive of what we do. He doesn't want freedom, he only wants control. I know Donald Trump's tight, I'm breaking free. These are the stakes. Project 2025 wants to take our country backwards. This is our fight free to be me. We are not going back.

Unidentified: Please welcome Michigan State Senator Mallory McMorrow.

Mallory McMorrow: Hello, I'm Michigan state, Senator Mallory McMorrow and this -- this is project 2025 Now over the next four nights you are going to hear a lot about what is in this 900 page document, why? Because this is the Republican blueprint for a second Trump term, that's right. They went ahead and wrote down all the extreme things that Donald Trump wants to do in the next four years and then they just tweeted it out, putting it out on the internet for everybody to read.

Mallory McMorrow: So we read it and whatever you think it might be, it is so much worse tonight. I want to tell you about just one aspect of project 2025, its plan to turn Donald Trump into a dictator, okay, right here on page 535, it says, quote, reissue Trump's schedule F executive order to permit discharge of non-performing employees.

Mallory McMorrow: Now that doesn't sound that scary right, But here's what it actually means. In plain English, if Donald Trump gets back into the white House, he's going to fire civil servants like intelligence, officers, engineers and even federal prosecutors. If he decides that they don't serve his personal agenda, they're talking about replacing the entire federal government with an army of loyalists who answer only to Donald Trump.

Mallory McMorrow: No? All right then. Okay. Page 873, it says quote conservatives have long believed in either ending law enforcement activities of independent agencies or ending their independent status. Again, that sounds pretty boring, but what it means is that under project 2025, Donald Trump would be able to weaponize the Department of Justice to go after his political opponents.

Mallory McMorrow: He could even turn the FBI into his own personal police force that is not how it works in America. That's how it works in dictatorships and that's exactly what Donald Trump and his MAGA minions have in mind. An expansion of Presidential powers like no President has ever had or should ever have. Now, by the way, if you're asking if any of this is even legal well, remember thanks to Donald Trump's hand-picked Supreme Court, he's now completely immune from prosecution even if he breaks the law.

Mallory McMorrow: But that's not who we are because we believe in a government of the people, by the people and for the people, not the government of Donald Trump by Donald Trump and for Donald Trump. We believe in the separation of powers and the rule of law. We believe in a system built up to serve everyone not breaking a system to serve one petty selfish man.

Mallory McMorrow: The truth is there's only one way to stop him and to stop project 2025, How do we do it? We elect Kamala Harris this November. We'll be back tomorrow night to tell you what project 2025 means for your pocketbook.

Unidentified: Please welcome California Senator Laphonza Butler.

Laphonza Butler: Hello, Democrats, California delegates make some noise. It's great to see so many familiar faces. I -- I can't forget the state that I was born and raised in Mississippi Democrats. Let everybody hear you, Democrats. Before I joined the Senate, I was a leader in the labor movement. So I know a champion for the people, when I see one, I met Kamala Harris when she was district attorney and I was President of a large care workers union.

Laphonza Butler: We hit it off right away. What really impressed me was how well she got to know my family, my wife, Nicky, but especially our daughter Nyla. And as soon as Nyla heard that Miss Kamala was running for President. She asked if she could be Vice President. So no disrespect to Governor Walz, but Nyla put her name in first vice President, Harris and I share a lot in common.

Laphonza Butler: We both graduated from historically black colleges me from Jackson State University, the Vice President from Howard University. We were both raised by mothers who worked fiercely to provide for us and we both believe that every single one of us has the power to change the world when we choose to do it together.

Laphonza Butler: You see Kamala, Harris has always understood the assignment no matter if she were the underdog, no matter the bullying or the name calling. She never doubted that our best was still ahead. She knew a better future -- a better future was possible if we stood side by side with our neighbors and we fought for it. No matter what language they spoke, no matter what country they came from, no matter the size of their bank account.

Laphonza Butler: And that's what she did as a prosecutor together with law enforcement, she prioritized holding criminals accountable and protecting public safety. As state attorney general together with students, she put a scam college out of business after the mortgage crisis together with families who lost their homes.

Laphonza Butler: She took on the biggest banks in the world and won a settlement five times what was initially offered. Every time she walked into a courtroom, she would simply say Kamala Harris for the people. For her, it wasn't just a professional oath, it was a battle cry and let's be clear to her opponents this way of seeing the world the -- the idea of fighting for someone other than yourself is unthinkable.

Laphonza Butler: But let me tell you, Democrats, what's really unthinkable conning young people who simply want a good education. A good education is unthinkable. Stiffing hard working laborers like Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is unthinkable bragging about having ripped away a woman's freedom to choose what she does with her own body is unthinkable and Democrats.

Laphonza Butler: Americans we deserve better. We deserve. We deserve a President who is tough. Not just tough talking one who shatters the boundaries of what's possible, not the boundaries of what's legal and one who wipes the floor with cheats and fraudsters because well Democrats, she knows the type Democrats, that -- President, the President that we deserve, that President is my friend Kamala Harris.

Laphonza Butler: Thank you all so much.

Deja Foxx: Hi, everyone. I'm Deja Fox and I am so excited to be here today from Arizona. Woo. That's right. That's where I was born and raised by a single mom. I was a free lunch kid raised in public housing and I got my health care at Planned Parenthood woo Because of policies that lift people up. I walked through the gates of my dream school as a first generation college student.

Deja Foxx: Woo, People my age are making big decisions about our lives and we deserve a President who has our back not some power hungry, millionaire, reality, TV personality, who only cares about himself. We need Kamala Harris, who She'll deliver a future where we can decide if and when to start a family, a future where we can afford rent and groceries.

Deja Foxx: A future where we're not crushed under student debt, a future where any free lunch kid can walk through the gates of their dream college for young people. This is a fight for our future. We have a responsibility to do this and we have a responsibility to do it right, and that's why we're going to show up for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Unidentified: And here now with a musical performance is Jason Isbell. Thank you.

Note: [Music is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala Harris worked hard to achieve her goals raised by a working mother.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I had a summer job at McDonald's.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Donald Trump worked hard to spend his daddy's fortune. She believes in working hard for the American people when the.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Middle class is strong, America is strong.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Donald Trump believes in working hard for his billionaire friends.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] I don't care about you. I just want your vote. I don't care.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Rhode Island governor, Gina Raimondo.

Gina Raimondo: Good evening. Hello, Democrats. Hello, Chicago. It's a great honor for me to be here this evening, you know long before I was the governor of Rhode Island, I was a little girl growing up there in a middle class family. My dad found his American dream in a watch factory in Providence and that job that job gave him a way to provide for our family a community for him to belong to and so much pride.

Gina Raimondo: But like so many Americans in the 80s, after 25 years of his hard work, his job and the job of all of his friends was shipped overseas. You know, years later my dad said to me, Gina, this happened because our leaders let us down and my father was right, the Republicans in power who pushed failed economic strategy.

Gina Raimondo: Let's just cut taxes for the wealthy and leave everybody else behind. Well, not only did my father lose his job, but frankly manufacturing left my state manufacturing withered in Rhode Island and all across this nation In communities all across America factories, shuttered communities got hollowed out. And people were left without their job without hope without the dignity.

Gina Raimondo: That comes with a decent job and you know, Republican economic policy failed Rhode Island. How do I know that? Because when I took office first Democrat elected governor in a couple of decades, I inherited one of the worst economies in the country. It was a mess, but we got to work and we turned it around.

Gina Raimondo: We turned it around with a pro-business pro-worker Agenda. Kamala Harris has that same agenda. She knows we need an economy where the cost are low and opportunities abound and an economy where people can show up to their jobs with dignity and pride. She has a new economic vision for America. You know how she knows that.

Gina Raimondo: She knows it because just like me Kamala Harris grew up in a middle class home her mom worked to cure breast cancer by day and feed her family at night. And as an adult, Kamala worked to lock up sex offenders and violent criminals by day, and she took care of her sick mother at night. Kamala Harris gets it, she gets that so, so many Americans work so hard every day and they're barely getting by and that is not right.

Gina Raimondo: It is a fundamental economic principle. Hard work ought to pay off. We believe in that and that's why the Vice President is committed to building the opportunity economy, an economy that rewards ambition, an economy that rewards hard work. She believes in an America where everyone, regardless of who you are, what you have, where you started, you got a chance to get ahead in this country.

Gina Raimondo: Kamala Harris will give more than 100 middle class Americans a tax cut. She'll build 3 million new homes for the middle class and she's going to forge an economy with fair competition free from monopolies monopolies that crush workers and small businesses and startups. Kamala Harris will make building up the middle class a defining goal of her presidency.

Gina Raimondo: Meanwhile, meanwhile Donald Trump, he's going to double down on his worst economic ideas. The same ideas that shipped my dad's job overseas, ideas that don't work. We know they don't work because they never have -- he wants another huge tax cut for the wealthy. He wants to put his corrupt buddies in charge of the economy and he wants a sales tax that's going to supercharge inflation.

Gina Raimondo: We cannot afford Donald Trump's failed economic ideas. But here's the thing. The most important thing Kamala Harris works for the people Kamala Harris works for you and Donald Trump is in it for himself. As our President Kamala, Harris will build an economy where everyone and she means everyone can find and live their American dream.

Gina Raimondo: So let's put her in the Oval Office. Thank you.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know why, but I feel like freedom. I am a lifelong Republican, a former Trump voter and I will not be voting for Trump in 2024. My name is Norma. I'm from Carson Washington and I am a two time Trump voter. I will not be voting for Trump this time around. [Video clip] I'm actually embarrassed to say that I did vote for Trump in 2016. Donald Trump has nothing but contempt for the American people and ironically for those who claim to be his base, he's only interested in bidding fitting himself personally.

Unidentified: Everything he said he would do, he did not do I do not trust that he can do the right thing anymore. [Video clip] We've seen what Donald Trump really is and it disgusts me to my core. I don't think the man can be trusted. He talks out of both sides of his mouth. He's a very dishonest person. I hate the way he disrespects women voting against Trump.

Unidentified: And for Kamala Harris is the right thing to do, holy love. Please welcome New York Governor, Kathy Hochul.

Kathy Hochul: Hello, Democrats, are you ready to elect Kamala Harris, the first President, President of the United States. Yes, you are. Yes, you are friends like so many of us. My grandparents came from Ireland as teenagers with nothing but hope in their hearts and fire in their bellies. They built their lives in the promised land of Buffalo, New York.

Kathy Hochul: A union card meant good work at the steel plant, the steel plant that lifted my parents from living in a trailer to the middle class like other families of my blue collar community. They believed that with hard work they could build a better future, not just for themselves but for those with less hope and less opportunity.

Kathy Hochul: I'm proud of my roots and the values. I learned, grit, determination, compassion, Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz grew up with those same values and those values have always defined the people of my state. Well, most of us anyway, donald Trump was born in New Yorker, but ended up a fraud, a philanderer and a felon.

Kathy Hochul: He wasn't raised with the New York values that I know he never had to worry about child care costs or groceries or rent. He never had to worry about anything or anyone. But himself, trust me, America, if you think you're tired of Donald Trump talk to a New Yorker, we've had to deal with them for 78 long years.

Kathy Hochul: The fraud, the tax dodging, the sham university, the shady charities, we've seen him stiffed stiff contractors, rip off workers, he abuses, women brags about it and then takes away their rights and New Yorkers are sick of it. It's no wonder he had a fleet of Mar a Lago, sorry about that Florida, sorry about that.

Kathy Hochul: Trump hasn't spent much time in New York lately, except that is to get convicted of 34 felonies and that's just fine with us because New York's motto is Excelsior ever upward and Trump takes us ever downward because here's what Trump never understood. America isn't a luxury good to be bought and sold by the privileged and powerful view.

Kathy Hochul: America, we just can't afford another four years of that. We have kids to feed roads to build jobs, to create real problems to solve and we need leaders who can get it done. Trump talked big about bringing back manufacturing jobs, but you know who actually did it? President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris.

Kathy Hochul: Thank you, Joe. Thank you, Kamala and look no further than the city of Syracuse where a company called micron is building a $100 billion microchip factory with union labor. It's -- it's the largest private investment in American history and it's going to create 50,000 good paying jobs. The Biden-Harris administration has made the most significant investments in our economy in generations.

Kathy Hochul: And as President Kamala Harris will continue to build an opportunity economy for all my friends. History is watching us together. We must protect abortion rights. Together we must protect the middle class. Together, we must protect the American dream and together we must elect Kamala Harris President of the United States.

Note: [A campaign video is played before Kamala Harris walks onstage.]

Kamala Harris: Good evening everyone. Good evening, good evening, good evening. It is so good to be with everyone this evening in this hall and everyone at home. This is going to be a great week and I want to kick us off by celebrating our incredible President, Joe Biden, who will be speaking later tonight. Joe, thank you for your historic leadership for your lifetime of service to our nation and for all you will continue to do. We are forever grateful to you.

Kamala Harris: Thank you, Joe. And looking out looking out at everyone tonight, I see the beauty of our great nation people from every corner of our country and every walk of life are here united by our shared vision for the future of our country. And this November, we will come together and declare with one voice as one people we are moving forward.

Kamala Harris: With optimism, hope and faith so guided by our love of country knowing we all have so much more in common than what separates us, let us fight for the ideals we hold dear and let us always remember when we fight we win, god bless you, god bless The United States of America. Good night, everyone.

Unidentified: Please welcome actor and director, Tony Goldwyn.

Tony Goldwyn: Hello, Chicago and hello to everyone tuning in from all across America, welcome to the first night of the Democratic National Convention. Now how is that for an opening act? Yeah. I'm just saying now as our Vice President just said over the next four days we will be bringing folks together from all around the country.

Tony Goldwyn: People from every walk of life to talk about this nation. We love and about a candidate who has devoted her life to public service who never shies away from a righteous fight and who always stands up for the people. We are going to talk about the choice America faces in this election. It's a choice not just between two very different candidates, but between two very different futures.

Tony Goldwyn: We will hear from everyday Americans about what is truly at stake in this campaign, the future of our middle class, the future of reproductive rights, the future of our climate, our security, our schools, the future of our freedom, the future of our very democracy. We will see the vision of our nominee, it is a vision of stability, security and opportunity for everyday Americans where we continue to grow this economy by growing the middle class and where the safety of our children, our families and our communities are a fundamental civil right.

Tony Goldwyn: It is a future where instead of scoffing at allies and fawning over dictators, our President stands up for our friends faces down our adversaries. And American democracy remains a beacon of hope and inspires the world to take on our biggest challenges. Together, we'll learn the story of a leader who has dedicated her life to making -- doing the work of making good on the promise of America, a leader who understands the middle class because she grew up in the middle class.

Tony Goldwyn: A leader who has taken on powerful interests at every step of her career and fought for the rights and freedoms of all of us. And then of course, we will hear again from the Democratic nominee herself, the next President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris. Because she has a message for us, it is a message that's joyful, not mean spirited.

Tony Goldwyn: A message of public service, not self-service, a message of optimism and opportunity, not chaos and division, a message that has woken us up to who we are to, who we've always been because Americans are not a cynical people. We are not small minded. And whether we realize it right now or not, we are currently already writing a new chapter of the American Story.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]