Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-3-hour-1-chicago-august-21-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Unidentified: Delegates and guests please take your seats. Please welcome executive director of the Democratic National Convention Committee, Alex Hornibrook and co-chair of the Democratic National Convention, New Jersey Senator Cory Booker.

Alex Hornibrook: Good evening, everyone. On behalf of convention Chairman John Moore, it is my honor to pass the gavel to co-chair Senator Cory Booker.

Cory Booker: All right, the third session of the 49th quadrennial National Convention of the Democratic Party will now come to order, let's party with a purpose.

Unidentified: Please welcome priest Sri Rakesh Bhatt and Bishop. Leah Daughtry.

Rakesh Bhatt: Om samani, akuti samana daya, niwa samana, vastu maanayata Vastu society. We should be in unison, let our minds think together, let our hearts beat as one all for the betterment of society may this make us powerful so we can unite and make our nation proud parashara vivadi. To vayam pancha anni survived to Vayam Panchpota.

Rakesh Bhatt: Rameshwaram, even if we have differences when it comes to the nation, we have to be united and it moves us towards justice for all. We are one universal family YMCA, Vasudhaiva kutumbakam, satyameva, jayate, Sarva, dharma, ashwatthama, sadgamaya, tamaso, ma jyotirgamaya, maruyama asthan gamaya truth is our foundation and always prevails.

Rakesh Bhatt: Lead us from unreal to real, from darkness to the light and from death to immortality om Shanti, shanti Shanti.

Leah Daughtry: In the book of Isaiah 58 and 12, Some of you will rebuild the ancient ruins. You will restore the foundations laid long ago. You shall be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of streets in which to dwell, let us pray, oh God, creator of heaven. And earth lover of peace, freedom and justice, we thank you for this privilege and this opportunity to gather today for the important work of visioning our nation's future.

Leah Daughtry: We gather at a critical time in our nation when we are at the crossroads of hopelessness and hopefulness when the forces of good and evil. So plainly battle for the hearts and minds of our people when right is called wrong and wrong is called right when up is called down and down is called up when faith fake is called fact and fact is called fake when it seems truth forever.

Leah Daughtry: On the scaffold and wrong forever on the throne. And yet even in the midst of this chaos and confusion, we see now a light on the horizon and we are grateful, grateful for hope grateful for purpose. Grateful for direction. You have called us to this moment to march together toward the light to join together with one voice in one fight to move our nation away from division and despair and forward toward its highest ideals.

Leah Daughtry: As we gather today, seeking to fulfill the responsibility of faithful citizenship, we ask for divine guidance to help us remember our calling to serve the least the last and the lost, the left out, the locked out and the left behind to be their voice to be their Hope to be their strength to be their light.

Leah Daughtry: To fight for them with courage and compassion for them and for ourselves for the work that must be done for the bridges that must be built for the walls that must be destroyed for the children who must be saved for the doors that must be opened. For the sick who must be healed and for the last who must be first.

Leah Daughtry: We ask for strength for the journey, clarity of thought, sharpness of vision, singleness of purpose and the courage of our convictions to make the promise of America, the practice of America and may we build may we build the old waste places may we raise up the foundations Of our future, so that in generations to come, we shall be called the repairers of the breach and the restorer of streets in which to dwell.

Leah Daughtry: Because we ask it in your name, we declare that it is so and all of God's children say, Amen.

Unidentified: Please welcome Moreland Arts and Health Sciences Magnet School third and fourth graders to lead us in the Pledge of Allegiance.

Unidentified: I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all.

Unidentified: Please welcome 2019 Minnesota Teacher of the Year Jess Davis to sing our national anthem.

Note: [Jess Davis sings the national anthem.]

Unidentified: Please welcome Democratic National Committee Chair, Jaime Harrison and the officers of the Democratic National Committee.

Jaime Harrison: Hello, hello. So my friends for the past three and a half years, I'm fortunate to have worked with some amazing Democrats to strengthen and rebuild this Democratic Party. Please welcome to the stage several of our DNC officers vice chair, President of the Asdc and chair of the Minnesota DFL, Ken Martin. Vice chair and former mayor Keisha Lance bottoms, vice chair, henry Munoz, treasurer of Virginia McGregor and you all know him from last night, the famous roll call star, our secretary, Jason Ray.

Jaime Harrison: Fellow delegates. We now ask that you approve three honorary resolutions, conveying our appreciation for those in Chicago who have set the stage for this convention success. Our first resolution thanks the great city of Chicago, its mayor, governor host committee and residents for their unwavering dedication to organizing this historic convention.

Jaime Harrison: Our second resolution, thanks. The first responders who are working to protect every citizen and visitor of the Windy City. Our third and final resolution, thanks to federal delegation of Illinois, its 14 U.S Representatives and Senators Durbin and Duckworth for their continual support of the convention.

Jaime Harrison: We move that the convention approve these honorary resolutions, delegates, you have heard the motion to approve these honorary resolutions. Is there a second Second all in favor? Please say aye all opposed, Say, nay, the ayes have it and the a motion is passed?

Cory Booker: All right, all right, all right, y'all. Welcome to night three and tonight is about freedom. But first I want to acknowledge a loss today, a man who always fought for freedom. Today, we lost Congressman Bill Pascrell who passed away early this morning. Now he's a Jersey legend. He is a powerful pugilist a prince of Paterson.

Cory Booker: He served in our state assembly, he served as our mayor and for 37 years. He served in Congress. He never forgot where he came from in Paterson and he never stopped fighting. He could push some pachyderms, he fought for the people. And so today, while we're heartbroken, we all are a people who can hold loss and joy in our hearts because we are sad for his loss, but we celebrate his life.

Cory Booker: Let's give him a round of applause and now and now some of the greatest heroes, some of the greatest warriors, some of the greatest champions for fighting for reproductive freedom. I welcome them to the stage.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know why, but I feel like freedom. In America, women's reproductive rights are in jeopardy. Former President Trump has a record of restricting abortion access and putting women's lives at risk. The government should not have a say on if a woman can choose to have an abortion.

Unidentified: [Video clip] As a woman who has personally experienced the life saving benefits of abortion, I know firsthand how important it is. I want to make sure that access to contraception is not only available but expanded and that every person has the right to choose when, where how and if they want to start a family.

Unidentified: [Video clip] To women everywhere, it's your body, don't put someone in office who only wants to control it, this election is. About our healthcare, our rights and our lives, let's stand together and vote for a better future. My body, my right, please vote for Kamala Harris freedom.

Unidentified: Please welcome President of Reproductive Freedom for All Mini Timmaraju.

Mini Timmaraju: When abortion is on the ballot, we win in California, kansas, kentucky, michigan, montana, ohio and Vermont voters sent a message, you come for our rights, we're going to come roaring back and it seems like every day another state gets added to the list. So let's hear it for Arizona and Montana, the latest states to announce that the people will get to have their say this November.

Mini Timmaraju: Because voters who support reproductive freedom were not the minority, we're the majority. And if there are two people who should understand that Americans private lives are none of anybody's business is Donald Trump and J.D. Vance. Instead Trump brags about overturning Roe v, Wade. And if you want to know what he's going to do in office?

Mini Timmaraju: Google project 2025 Kamala Harris has her own project for 2025 restoring reproductive freedom. It's simple. Do we want a President who said women should be punished for having abortions Or a President who trusts women. A Vice President who voted against protecting fertility treatment Or a Vice President who used fertility treatment to start a family.

Mini Timmaraju: A President who created the crisis we're in or a President who will fix it This election will decide America's future. So let's elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome President and CEO of Planned Parenthood, Alexis McGill Johnson.

Alexis McGill Johnson: Last summer, a Planned Parenthood patient in Georgia realized that she was pregnant and didn't want to be, but Georgia bans abortion after six weeks. So she drove to South Carolina, but arrived the day that their six week ban went into effect. She went back home and then went to Florida, but she arrived just days when she was too late.

Alexis McGill Johnson: Under their ban, she had to fly all the way to California to get an abortion. Now remember each time she had to get the money up, she had to miss work she had to find childcare. Now imagine if this was an emergency situation in Texas, doctors who have feared going to jail have sent patients to wait in hospital parking lots rather than provide the emergency care they need.

Alexis McGill Johnson: And in Idaho, they have airlifted patients to other states. We cannot call ourselves a free nation when women are not free. More than 1 in 3 women and nearly half of all black women live in band states. Donald Trump wants women to be less free and pregnancy to be more dangerous, but I'm here to tell you in no way are Donald J. Trump and J.D. Vance.

Alexis McGill Johnson: More qualified than doctors and women to make these decisions. We decide we trust women. We trust doctors and we trust Kamala Harris our future. Our future is on the ballot, our bodies are on the ballot and come November 5th, we will decide this election.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Donald Trump said he wants to punish women and as a result of his actions today in America, one out of three women live in a state with a Trump abortion ban, one out of three. Some of these bans go back to the 1800s even before women had a right to vote. [Video clip] Think about that. Well, Tim and I have a message for Trump and others who want to turn back the clock on our fundamental freedoms.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] We're not going back.

Unidentified: We're not -- Please welcome former President of Planned Parenthood Cecile Richards.

Cecile Richards: These last few weeks have been a celebration of women from cheering on team USA to supporting Kamala Harris for President. As my mother Governor, Ann Richards would say, I hear America singing when women are free to make their own decisions about uh about their lives and to follow our dreams, we are unstoppable.

Cecile Richards: But when Roe vs. Wade was overturned, a generation of young people lost that freedom like Ashley, a 12 year old rape survivor in Mississippi because of her state's abortion ban. She started seventh grade with a newborn. That's the Republican promise of states rights. Last year I became a grandmother. And during my daughter's pregnancy, nothing mattered more to me than her health politics should never stand in the way of anyone's health care or prevent any family.

Cecile Richards: From experiencing the joy my grandson, Teddy has brought to my life one day. Our children and grandchildren may ask us when it was all on the line. What did you do And the only acceptable answer is everything we could. This is our time, this is our time. So let's go elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Don't know why, but I feel like freedom. We were so lucky we got to be the first couple married in California, in San Francisco City Hall, no less. So we arrived at City Hall and were so thrilled to find out that Attorney General, Harris wanted to come and officiate our wedding. She not only walked across, but she ran across the lawn to -- to join us just in time to be married.

Unidentified: [Video clip] And she brought such joy to the space and to us and has ever since because Attorney General Harris, now Vice President Harris soon to be President, harris believes in all families and she believes in our family. We were so happy last year to get to join Vice President Harris at the white House for the Equality Act signing and she invited our entire family.

Unidentified: [Video clip] And it was a very joyful occasion because Kamala believes in family and we can't wait to meet Madam President next time. We love you.

Unidentified: Please welcome President of the Human Rights Campaign, Kelly Robinson.

Kelley Robinson: The story of America is the story of progress towards freedom in just a few generations. My family went from being enslaved in Mississippi to being the first free black family in Muscatine, Iowa to now preparing to elect President Kamala Harris progress is happening. My friends, the 20 plus million LGBTQ plus Americans are living proof of it. We are your friends and your neighbors, your classmates and your family.

Kelley Robinson: Like Daniel a trans kid in Tucson, who's going to his very first prom like Eric from San Antonio who sacrificed in combat and then came home to battle, don't ask, don't tell like Sandy and Chris, the first, same sex, couple to get legally married in California, 11 Years ago, In a ceremony officiated by Kamala Harris.

Kelley Robinson: Donald Trump wants to erase us, he would ban our health care belittle. Our marriages, bury our stories, but we are not going anywhere. We are not going back Kamala Harris Kamala, Harris counterpart, Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. They are champions for LGBTQ+ freedom y'all so tonight we're fighting for lesbian gay bisexual queer and trans freedom without exception.

Kelley Robinson: We're fighting for equality for all without exception, we're fighting for joy, somebody say joy, somebody say joy without exception and when we fight. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome President of Emily's list, Jessica Mackler.

Jessica Mackler: When Donald Trump took away our rights but he can never take away our power republican attacks on abortion didn't begin with the end of row and they didn't end there. Either millions of women across this country are living with the devastating consequences of Republican abortion bans. Now comes project 2025, a blueprint for banning abortion in all 50 states.

Jessica Mackler: It would give extremists like Donald Trump and J.D. Vance the power to monitor your pregnancy and even prosecute doctors for mailing abortion medication. Make no mistake, the threat of project 2025 is very real but so is our ability to stop it in 2022. Democrats didn't just run on reproductive freedom. We won on reproductive freedom.

Jessica Mackler: And in 2024, we are coming back to the polls to finish the job. In his devastating opinion. Justice Alito wrote that women are not without electoral or political power and Donald Trump and Republicans are about to find out just how true that is. The opportunity is before us the power is in our hands and the time is now.

Unidentified: Please welcome President and CEO of Voto Latino, María Teresa Kumar.

María Teresa Kumar: Hello, Chicago, here's a fact. When Latinos vote, Democrats Democrats win now, not everyone believes it. So I brought receipts. We flipped Nevada and Colorado in 2008. We delivered in 2020. Joe Biden and Kamala. Harris won Georgia by 12,000 votes. Voto Latino, we registered 23,000 voters there. They won Arizona.

María Teresa Kumar: By 10,400 votes, we registered 34,000 voters there because we proved that when Latinos vote, Democrats win, now they're trying to suppress our vote boo, Our sacred and universal rights as Americans. So let me be clear. Voto Latino has registered 1.5 million voters and we are just getting started because since 2020, 4 million young Latinos have become eligible to vote this election.

María Teresa Kumar: And I couldn't be prouder because we are registering them faster than any time in our history this year. We will prove it again with Latinos vote. You guys got the memo another fun fact this year, more Latinos will vote than any time in our history. So that means si se puede, si se esta haciendo, si se puede.

María Teresa Kumar: So that means that together together, we will make history and elect Kamala Harris President, voter.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] My name is Scott from Tennessee. I'm a former Trump voter.

Unidentified: [Video clip] My name is Matthew, I'm from Pennsylvania and I'm a former Trump voter.

Unidentified: [Video clip] My name is Mike, I live in southeastern Pennsylvania and I am a former Trump voter.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The main reasons why I won't support Donald J. Trump for President again starts with his chaotic behavior.

Unidentified: [Video clip] He doesn't care about me. He doesn't care about my family. He doesn't care about working people.

Unidentified: [Video clip] 34 counts of felony counts that he was found guilty of. That's not who we want running our country.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Trump scares the hell out of me.

Unidentified: [Video clip] 2024 will be the first time that I have not voted for a Republican.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I will be proudly voting for Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Please welcome New York Representative, Tom Suozzi.

Tom Suozzi: I'm Tom Suozzi and early this year I flipped the seat from red to blue. My father came from Italy as a boy, he was the first kid in the neighborhood to go to college. He served as a navigator during World War Two came home and at 28 was elected the youngest judge in the history of New York State what a country.

Tom Suozzi: The immigrant experience e pluribus unum out of many, one my family's experience, Kamala Harris's experience the American experience. That's why the polarization on immigration is so painful. Let's be clear, the border is broken, but this year when Democrats and Republicans work together to finally write new border laws, we were blocked.

Tom Suozzi: We all know who sabotaged us, we reject the divisiveness, we reject the dysfunction, we reject the deception. My Italian grandfather used to toast new couples. He'd say marriage sometimes is hard, but in the end non che sono rosaspina you can't have the roses without the thorns. You have to work for it to be a nation of immigrants is hard sometimes too.

Tom Suozzi: You have to work for it tonight. We celebrate the roses of life. We come together from every state, from every ethnicity, from every race and religion. We come together tonight to celebrate our candidate Kamala Harris, who knows America is worth it. Who knows? This nation built by immigrants is a rare and beautiful thing and who joyfully accepts the challenge to work across party lines to secure our border to treat people like human beings and to move our country forward.

Note: [Music is played] [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] One reason here of the many of why I'm voting for Vice President, Kamala Harris and Governor Tim Walz. I want to keep what President Biden started with the infrastructure plan and getting this country moving. Because of these investments into our country and has put people like me, young people like me, Gen Zers into work in the trades, working electricity, carpentry, you name it, the Inflation Reduction Act and the infrastructure bill or that had the biggest impact on climate change.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It's going to give us the opportunity to electrify our 7000 square foot facility and go solar in the next two years.

Unidentified: [Video clip] If you invest money in infrastructure, you're investing money in the country. Well, for Harris Walz in November to continue these investments into our country and to grow our country forward. We should all vote, Harris Walz 2024 leader.

Unidentified: Please welcome Cincinnati Mayor Aftab Pureval and Milwaukee Mayor Cavalier Johnson.

Aftab Pureval: Hello my name is Aftab Pureval and I am the first Asian American mayor in the great city of Cincinnati as a Tibetan refugee, my mom believed deeply in the promise of America and when I was growing up, she and my dad who is from India taught me That when you make a promise you keep it for years, politicians came through my city and promised to fix the Brant Spence Bridge which connects Ohio to Kentucky.

Aftab Pureval: Donald Trump was one of them. He did what they all do press conference here, photo op there, but nothing changed until Kamala Harris and Joe Biden. Joe Biden told Cincinnatians we're going to fix that damn bridge. And four months later he signed the bipartisan infrastructure law. It gave our city the biggest infrastructure investment in history.

Aftab Pureval: It will stitch our communities back together and it will fix that damn bridge once and for all, that's what leadership looks like. Not hollow promises, but solid progress, not lip service, but true honest to God public service and under Kamala Harris, the progress will only continue.

Cavalier Johnson: Glory glory glory, I'm Milwaukee Mayor Cavalier Johnson. From the great state of Wisconsin in Wisconsin, in Wisconsin, keeping promises is important, so is making amends for your mistakes. One of those mistakes happened 60 years ago in a neighborhood called Bronzeville brimming with black music black culture and entrepreneurship and then came urban renewal and the construction of Interstate 94 and 43 ripping our communities apart.

Cavalier Johnson: Sixth Street was widened and people of color were displaced homes, destroyed businesses, shuttered all for a quicker commute under Kamala, Harris and Joe Biden. We're bringing Bronzeville back with more green space, bike paths and walkable streets to serve people who actually live there. The music is coming back.

Cavalier Johnson: The culture is coming back and thanks to the bipartisan infrastructure law, the opportunities are coming back. It's now my privilege to introduce two Milwaukeeans who know firsthand the power of reconnecting our communities, Rashawn Spivey and Deanna Branch.

Deanna Branch: My name is Deanna Branch and I'm an advocate and mom from Milwaukee. Well, my son, Aiden was two. He was hospitalized due to high levels of lead in his blood. Lead was everywhere in our pipes in our paint and in our soil, President Biden and Vice President, Harris passed the bipartisan infrastructure law.

Deanna Branch: It's removing lead pipes from communities like ours. As President Kamala Harris will make sure everyone can drink clean water and be in Aiden's words laugh, free superheroes.

Rashawn Spivey: My name my name is Rashawn Spivey, the owner of Hero Plumbing in Milwaukee when President Biden and Vice President, Harris announced their goal to replace every lead pipe in America. Heroes stepped up to help make that vision a reality. We went to work replacing lead pipes that served homes and child care communities or child care centers in our communities.

Rashawn Spivey: Since then, we've replaced more than 1000 pipes that was made possible, thanks to Vice President Kamala Harris. And when she visited Milwaukee two years ago, I got to show her our work up close. Because of her leadership, I've grown my business and helped kids like Aiden have safer, healthier lives.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] You don't know why, but I feel like freed up. Vice President Harris came and visited my restaurant. She understood immigrant owned businesses, she understands women owned businesses. She understands the important role of small businesses and sees business owners not just as the backbone of our economy, but as community leaders.

Unidentified: [Video clip] She has a proven track record of advocating for policies that support small businesses and push for economic equity. The Sueno Americano esta vivo, the American dream, is alive. The last four years have been positive and we've experienced growth. I am truly excited to have Kamala Harris as a Presidential candidate.

Unidentified: [Video clip] This election we have another opportunity to prosper to connect and to unite under the American Dream. I'm proud to support her for President because I believe she will lead us to a brighter future. We love you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Delaware Representative Lisa Blunt Rochester.

Lisa Blunt Rochester: I'm Lisa Blunt, Rochester, mother, grandmother and Congresswoman and hopefully the next Senator from the great state of Delaware, the proud home of President Biden. We love you Joe. In Delaware. We know that when small businesses thrive, communities thrive. We know that when our roads and our bridges are strong, communities are strong.

Lisa Blunt Rochester: When everyone has a fair shot at a better future, America is limitless. Now Democrats, We know this, but you know who doesn't know it. Donald Trump, he has with his friends, said the quiet parts out loud, but not only say them out loud, he wrote a book about it, what's it called Project 2025. So with so much on the line, we've got to turn our biggest challenges into our greatest and brightest of hope.

Lisa Blunt Rochester: For me, bright Hope was the name of the church that my grandmother attended for 70 years in Philadelphia. It's not just a name, it's how I approach my life. It's how I'll lead as Delaware Senator and it's how Kamala sees the future of America. Now there are some who think our politics are too broken for bright hope.

Lisa Blunt Rochester: But if you want to see, hope, just look bright, hope is record numbers of black and brown entrepreneurs starting businesses bright. Hope is an opportunity economy where we invest in our communities and build affordable housing. Ladies and gentlemen, bright Hope is four words. Madam, President, Kamala Harris, are you ready for bright hope?

Lisa Blunt Rochester: Are you ready to fight for our freedom? Are you ready to flip the House, protect the Senate and send Kamala to the white House? Then let's go, let's go.

Cory Booker: Wow, wow! Oh my gosh, Lisa Blunt Rochester, know that name, Know that name my friend my sister and soon to be our Senator. I can't wait to work with her in the Senate. But next we're going to hear more about the ongoing fight for reproductive freedom. This is a fight that affects every single American no matter where you live.

Cory Booker: So-called blue states or red states, if Donald Trump has his way he's going to push through their extreme agenda project 1825, I mean, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I can roll that back. I got that wrong. Project 1925 -- Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, project 2025, That poisonous agenda where every single state will be in a state of crisis.

Cory Booker: So let's hear more from leaders who are fighting back.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Freedom freedom means unity caring for others. Being able to feel safe. Yay My choice to vote the freedom to read what I want to read, freedom freedom, oportunidad para todos. I'm going to get the freedom to love and be who I want to be for all to be equal live my life.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Let me see your freedom means my choice, iVF union strong basic human rights, all right. Can you make it free? Freedom means everything, all right.

Unidentified: Please welcome New York Representative Grace Meng.

Grace Meng: Generations of women fought for our rights, our right to vote our right to financial independence and our right to reproductive freedom, our mothers and grandmothers marched for us because of them. My husband and I were able to choose if and when to start a family. And we have two energetic boys running around at home.

Grace Meng: Now it is our turn to take the torch for our children and grandchildren all across our country. Women are being denied life saving health care and the right to determine their futures and a second Trump term will be even worse. He will not stop at banning abortion. He'll let states track pregnancies. He'll put birth control and fertility treatment at risk.

Grace Meng: Trump's plan is cruel, it's dangerous, but it is not inevitable. Tonight, we mobilized for Kamala Harris November 5th. We move forward with Kamala Harris because we are not going back.

Unidentified: Please welcome Colorado Governor Jared Polis.

Jared Polis: Tonight let's talk about freedom including our most intimate freedom, choosing when and if to have children and have a family and let's talk about project 2025. Donald Trump's roadmap to ban abortion in all 50 states. Look that sounds crazy, but right here on page 562 it says that Donald Trump could use an obscure law from the 1800s to single handedly ban abortion in all 50 states even putting doctors in jail.

Jared Polis: Page 486 puts limits on contraception, page 450 threatens access to IVF On page 455. Project 2025 says that states have to report miscarriages to the Trump administration. Page 451 says the only legitimate family is a married mother and father where only the father works. You know what, I'm going to take that one out.

Jared Polis: I'm going to put that in my pocket so I can share it with undecided voters so they better understand what's at stake. This election project 2025 would turn the entire federal government and bureaucracy into a massive machine. It would weaponize it to control our reproductive and personal choices. Look as a Redditor gamer entrepreneur and swiftie from the Free State of Colorado.

Jared Polis: I'm excited by Kamala Harris's vision for protecting and expanding our personal freedom, internet freedom and economic freedom. Democrats welcome weird, but we're not weirdos telling families who can and can't have kids who to marry or how to live our lives. These project 2025 People like Trump and Vance are not just weird.

Jared Polis: They're dangerous. They want to take us backwards, but we aren't going back like ever ever ever let's stop project 2025 and elect Kamala Harris President this November.

Unidentified: Please welcome Florida Representative, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.

Debbie Wasserman Schultz: Hello America, as a proud Floridian, I bring you a cautionary tale for the people of my state. Project 2025 isn't just a threat, it's a reality that we battle --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]