Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-2-hour-4-chicago-august-20-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Bernie Sanders: -- a nation frightened and people looking to their government for support and within two months of taking office, our government did respond. We passed the American Rescue Plan which provided $1,400 for every man woman and child in the working class. We extended and expanded benefits for the unemployed. We provided emergency assistance for small businesses to stay open.

Bernie Sanders: We guaranteed health care coverage to tens of millions of Americans through one of the largest just expansions of Medicaid in history. We provided rent relief and mortgage assistance, which prevented tenants and homeowners from being evicted. We established emergency food programs for hungry children and the elderly and protected the pensions of millions of union workers and retirees from being slashed by up to 65 %, Oh, and by the way, we cut childhood poverty by over 40% through it expanded child tax credit.

Bernie Sanders: Thank you, President Biden. Thank you, Vice President Harris. Thank you, democratic Congress. Now I say all of this not to relive that difficult moment, but to make one simple point when the political will is there, government can effectively deliver for the people of our country. And now we need to summon that will again because too many of our fellow Americans are struggling every day to just get by to put food on the table to pay the rent and to get the health care they need.

Bernie Sanders: Brothers and sisters bottom line, we need an economy that works for all of us, not just the billionaire class. My fellow Americans when 60% of our people live paycheck to paycheck, the top 1% have never ever had it so good. And these oligarchs, these oligarchs tell us we shouldn't tax the rich, the oligarchs tell us we shouldn't take on price gouging.

Bernie Sanders: We shouldn't expand Medicare to cover dental hearing and vision and we shouldn't increase Social Security benefits for struggling seniors. Well, I've got some bad news for them that is precisely what we are going to do and we're going to win this struggle because this is precisely what the American people want from their government.

Bernie Sanders: And my friends at the very top of that to do list is the need to get big money out of our political process. Billionaires in both parties should not be able to buy elections including primary elections. For the sake of our democracy, we must overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision and move toward public funding of elections and let me tell you what else we must do. We need to join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a human, right, not a privilege we need.

Bernie Sanders: We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. We need to pass the Pro act so that workers can organize the unions and gain the decent pay and benefits they deserve. We need to strengthen public education, raise teacher salaries and make sure that every American, regardless of income receives the higher education he or she needs.

Bernie Sanders: We need to take on Big Pharma And cut our prescription drug costs in half So that we no longer pay any more than other countries, Joe and Kamala made sure that no senior in America pays over $35 a month for insulin. We need to make sure that reality is true for every American. I look forward to working with Kamala and Tim to pass this agenda and let us be very clear.

Bernie Sanders: This is not a radical agenda. But let me tell you what a radical agenda Is And that is Trump's Project 2025 At a time of massive income and wealth inequality. Giving more tax breaks to billionaires is radical, putting forth budgets to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid is radical, letting polluters destroy our planet is radical.

Bernie Sanders: And my friends, we won't let that happen, fellow Americans in the last three and a half years working together. We have accomplished more than any government since FDR, But much, much more remains to be done. We must summon the courage to stand up to wealth and power and deliver justice for people at home and abroad.

Bernie Sanders: Abroad, we must end this horrific war in Gaza, bring home the hostages and demand an immediate cease fire at home at home. Right here we must take on Big Pharma, big oil, big egg, Big tech and all the other corporate monopolists whose greed is denying progress for working people on November 5th. Let us elect Kamala Harris as our President and let us go forward to create the nation we know we can become.

Bernie Sanders: Thank you all very much.

Unidentified: Please welcome Illinois Governor, J.B. Pritzker.

J.B. Pritzker: Fellow Democrats, welcome to Chicago. We're a great American city in a proud blue state, our patriotism was formed in frost and in fire and in the steel we forged to survive. Both our love of country has been a tapestry of faith that weaves from Abraham Lincoln, reuniting a house divided to Barack Obama, A declaring blue states and red states make one United States.

J.B. Pritzker: Now Illinois Presidential pedigree is unmatched and given that Vice President Kamala Harris spent some of her early life right here, I speak for the entire Illinois delegation. When I say we claim her too. Now one, President, we will never claim is the con artist, the Republicans nominated in Milwaukee last month.

J.B. Pritzker: Donald Trump once called Chicago embarrassing to quote a great Chicagoan who won six world Championships on these very grounds. We take that personally. I had to govern for two years while Trump was President. Let me tell you what's embarrassing in Illinois, we passed a massive bill to fix our roads and bridges.

J.B. Pritzker: When Donald Trump proposed his own plan, he turned right around and called it stupid. We eliminated the grocery tax. Donald hasn't been in a grocery store since his first bankruptcy. Illinois invested in clean energy and the jobs it brings. Donald claimed that windmills in the ocean made the whales a little batty.

J.B. Pritzker: During Covid, we supported small businesses and jobs and Donald well, Donald told us to inject bleach. Donald Trump thinks that we should trust him on the economy because he claims to be very rich, but take it from an actual billionaire trump is rich in only one thing. Stupidity now I meet with business leaders all the time and there's one universal thing.

J.B. Pritzker: They all need people, they need more workers to fill all the jobs they have, but the anti-freedom anti-family policies of MAGA Republicans are driving workers away. Here's the thing. Americans don't want to be forced to drive 100 miles to deliver a baby because a draconian abortion law shut down the maternity ward.

J.B. Pritzker: Americans want the hope of giving birth through IVF, not the fear that it might be taken away. Americans with LGBTQ kids don't want them facing discrimination at school because the state sanctioned it. Americans want to go to their neighborhood grocery store and not have to worry about some random guy open carrying an AR. 15 Americans don't want their kids to be taught in history class.

J.B. Pritzker: That slavery was a jobs program. And if Americans are black or brown, they want to get promoted at work without being derided as a Di hire for the sin of being successful. While not white, let's be clear, it's not woke that limits economic growth. It's weird. And these guys aren't just weird. They're dangerous democrats are for lower taxes and higher wages, less inflation and more business growth.

J.B. Pritzker: We just think it's wrong to craft those policies for Elon Musk and not for everyday working people that includes a secure retirement and good health care. We think the government should help you prosper, not police who you're sleeping with more than anything. Democrats want economic policies that are kind not cruel.

J.B. Pritzker: But Trump chooses cruelty every time after all everything he's achieved in his own life has been by hurting someone else, Kamala Harris and Tim Walz well. They've spent their lives lifting people up, not pushing them down. They know that a white House that leads with kindness looks at someone who is struggling and sees not what they might cost society, but what they might create for it. Americans want policies that give every American a chance to make it to the middle class.

J.B. Pritzker: They want to grow small businesses and Democrats want to cut taxes for everyday people more than anything. Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz want a country where we can all live with a little serenity. The serenity that comes with a balanced checkbook, an affordable grocery bill and a housing market that has room for everyone.

J.B. Pritzker: And if there's one thing I know about Donald Trump, he's not bringing anyone any kind of serenity. We have a choice America between the man who left our country a total mess and the woman who has spent four years cleaning it up. And I think it's time we stop expecting women to clean up messes without the authority and the title to match the job.

J.B. Pritzker: Vice President was a good title for Kamala Harris, but you know an even better one, President of the United States of America. Let's go get him.

Unidentified: Please welcome former chair and CEO of American Express and current chair and managing director of General Catalyst, Ken Chennault.

Ken Chenault: My fellow Americans for 17 years, I ran American, An express one of the greatest companies in this country. America has thousands of great companies more than any other nation in the world and that's not by accident. The United States is the best place in the world to do business because of the values on which our country was built, democracy the rule of law free and fair elections, the peaceful transfer of power.

Ken Chenault: As a business leader, I have seen firsthand why democracy is so important. Democracy provides the foundation upon which American business and our economy depend character and values matter in business. Nothing is more important than trust. In America, we have to trust our President will protect democracy.

Ken Chenault: We have to be certain they will follow the law and serve the nation. Not themselves. Business requires stability and certainty that our democracy will endure. Our economy and democracy are tightly linked, both only grow stronger when Americans, despite our differences, are willing to work together. At this moment, when our politics pits one group against another, that's what's remarkable about Kamala Harris.

Ken Chenault: She is for all Americans, she understands it's possible in fact necessary for a President to be both pro-business and pro-worker. Kamala Harris understands that government must work in partnership with the business community. She knows that a market based economy needs a strong and effective government. Kamala Harris understands that we need to help entrepreneurs turn good ideas into thriving companies that we can create good paying jobs by helping manufacturers expand Kamala.

Ken Chenault: Harris believes in growing the economic pie for the benefit of current and future generations. Unlike her opponent, she knows the way. Not to build an advanced economy is a broad tariff that would only raise prices, hurt consumers and businesses and cost jobs. She knows the way not to do it is to give people like me a tax cut when that money should be invested to grow the middle class if you want to lead, you have to be willing to serve.

Ken Chenault: Kamala Harris's vision for the economy serves us all she has demonstrated throughout her career that she wants to serve all people and wants all Americans to have the opportunity to work to achieve their own share of the American dream. Our economy goes up and down, but the reason America is the strongest nation in the world is because of her commitment to something bigger than ourselves.

Ken Chenault: Our commitment to each other to democracy, that's what this election is about. It's more than a choice between two parties or sets of policies. It's a choice about who we're going to be as a country in his words and actions Kamala Harris's opponent has shown us that he does not believe in our democratic values and he will seek only to serve himself and his desire for vindication and vengeance.

Ken Chenault: Kamala Harris will face the facts she will navigate this country the greatest country in the world through the inevitable challenges, while also leading with the hope and values that America was founded on Kamala Harris understands that the role of a leader is to instill hope to repudiate The merchants of fear and focus on ensuring that the best days are ahead of us. She believes in America, its principles, the hopes and dreams of our people and the promise of our future.

Ken Chenault: That is why I believe Kamala Harris should be the next President of the United States of America, God bless America.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Repeal Obamacare? Donald Trump over the weekend again threatened to repeal Obamacare. This would lead to Americans having their health insurance taken away.

Unidentified: [Video clip] There are about 19 million people with coverage through Medicaid expansion, another 16 million enrolled through the ACA's health insurance marketplaces and we'd probably be talking about many millions of people becoming uninsured.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Biggest worries losing the safety net of preexisting conditions coverage. What happens if you lose this insurance? Our son would die. What makes you think this isn't just a hollow threat? This is one of the few campaign promises that he actually tried very hard to keep.

Unidentified: [Video clip] So we better believe him when he says he's coming after this, even if you have insurance from. Your employer you will be affected because your premiums would be going up. We're looking at a lot of people who could lose their health insurance.

Unidentified: Please welcome New Mexico Governor Michelle Lujan Grisham.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: Thank you. Good evening America, I'm Michelle Lujan, Grisham governor of the great state of New Mexico and in my state we like things spicy a little chili on everything a little kick in our campaigns and let me tell you we are feeling in Fuego right now we are fired Up to elect Kamala Harris President of the United States.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: This election is about protecting our democracy and securing our freedoms, including the right to affordable quality health care. Now this issue is personal to Vice President Harris, whose mom passed away after a battle with colon cancer and it's personal to me at two years old. My sister was diagnosed with a tumor that was incurable and made her uninsurable.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: By the time she was three and it's personal to Americans across the country who know what it's like. When someone they love gets sick. Donald Trump and J.D. Vance want to dismantle our health care system, repeal the Affordable Care Act and eliminate protections for preexisting conditions. Either these guys don't get it or they just don't care.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: You know who gets it Kamala Harris gets it and she cares as attorney general. She took on drug companies that jacked up prices and hospitals that overcharged patients and when Republicans tried to kill the Affordable Care Act, she stood up in the Senate voting, not just no, but hell, no. And Kamala, Harris hasn't just stopped Republicans from making our health care system worse.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: She fights every day to make it better and I know I spent 20 years working to get Medicare the ability to negotiate lower drug prices as Vice President Kamala Harris delivered it. You know what Donald Trump delivered Junk plans, higher premiums and abortion bans and if you don't think a second term would be worse than I've got a box of Trump steaks to sell you.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: We have not just a better choice America, we have the best choice. Yes, we do Kamala. Harris will protect your right to care. She'll cap drug costs. She'll go after corporate price gougers and ensure every woman who needs it can access reproductive health care. That's the President. I want and that's the President America needs.

Michelle Lujan Grisham: And with your help, that's the next President of the United States President Kamala Harris. Thank you.

Ana Navarro: I love you too. En espanol, los quiero. So my mom like Kamala's mom got sick. When my mom died in 2021, Kamala called me, she had lost her mother to cancer in 2009. Kamala helped me navigate my grief. She said that heartbreak and loss are the price for having loved and having been loved how I wish our mothers could be here to see this moment.

Ana Navarro: In the next four years, america will invariably have moments of great sadness and pain in our country. Some will be natural disasters, some will be man made disasters. We need a President who cannot only be commander in chief but also consoler in chief. We need a President with empathy capable of lifting us up when we are down.

Ana Navarro: We need a President who is capable of holding us in a big, great hug when we need it. That is Kamala Harris. Donald Trump -- Donald Trump is only capable of holding two things, a grudge and a golf club.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I remember when Kamala first running for district attorney and people were like, oh, I don't know if she's tough enough and I just had to laugh because I'm like you don't know my sister. Kamala had been a hard and tough prosecutor in Alameda County prosecuting men who were pimping, young girls and rapists.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala wanted to make sure that murderers and child abusers face meaningful accountability and consequences for those actions. One of the cases that she had early in her career was where a man had scalped his girlfriend and she ended up getting a conviction getting justice for that woman. She came to San Francisco to protect victims and she was elected to be district attorney of San Francisco.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala knew that we needed to be smart on crime and if hell, no one else was going to do it that she was going to do it. If I'm going. To keep my promise to you to keep you safe, I'd better talk with you about what I'm doing in terms of crime, prevention, investing in people coming out of prisons is the smart thing to do for law enforcement, forget that it's just the right thing to do. That was a young Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: She's only gotten more fierce.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I've never seen her back down from a fight and when she fights she wins. When Kamala became attorney general, she wanted to protect people, but also to fundamentally pursue justice, being smart on crime starts with being tough on violent crime.

Unidentified: [Video clip] From a statewide perspective, I think we were concerned about the rise of gang violence. In San Joaquin County, we saw this tremendous change in our community and it hit us like a wave. We saw an increase in human trafficking narcotics and guns.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Let it be clear to anyone who would menace this state with violence to those who prey on the weak and the vulnerable justice will be swift and certain in the state of California. She was always hunting the kingpins, but we didn't have partnerships with DOJ or FBI or DEA or any of those law enforcement agencies.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Now we all work collaboratively to help all the counties in California because of her weak destabilized organized crime, disrupt these flows of guns and human beings and narcotics. We are here this afternoon to announce the shutting down of one of the biggest and most organized threats to the safety of the Central Valley.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I really think of her as fearless as a fighter, Kamala just perseveres and mommy would say it's too hard is never an excuse, making excuses is a failure to not only take responsibility but to take action if you have the -- will the desire, the passion, the commitment There is no challenge that is insurmountable.

Unidentified: Please welcome the Democratic nominee for Senate in Maryland. Angela Alsobrooks.

Angela Alsobrooks: Good evening, America, and hello, Maryland. People like me thank you. People like me stories like mine don't usually make it to the United States Senate, but they should. I'm the proud granddaughter of a housekeeper, Sarah Daisey, who raised her three children in a one bedroom apartment. It was her dream to work in government to help people that meant taking a typing test.

Angela Alsobrooks: But she didn't know how to type and she couldn't afford a typewriter. So she put a white piece of paper on the refrigerator and drew a keyboard on it. And every night she stood in front of that refrigerator and taught herself to type. She took the test, passed it and got the job she dreamed of, I am her legacy.

Angela Alsobrooks: And tonight I am a candidate for United States Senate from the great state of Maryland. I've always been inspired by women like my grandmother women who imagine a better future and then have the grit to make it a reality. One of those women is a friend, a mentor and a role model that woman is Kamala Harris.

Angela Alsobrooks: Let me tell you about the Kamala I've known for 14 years, I first heard about her in 2009 when I was running for state's attorney in Prince George's County, Maryland. I read a story in essence magazine about a district attorney in San Francisco using new ideas to keep her community safe. Few had a better record prosecuting violent crime.

Angela Alsobrooks: She put rapists child molesters and murderers behind bars, but what she knew was that violent crime accounts for about 30% of all crimes for the 70% that are nonviolent. She created a first of its kind program called Back on Track after serving time and pleading guilty. These low level offenders will get the job training GED help and apprenticeships.

Angela Alsobrooks: They needed to find a job the result, The recidivism rate plummeted. Now after reading about this super bad district attorney, I talked nonstop about her on the campaign trail two days after I won the election, my phone rings, it's Kamala Harris calling to congratulate me and ask how she could help. She helped me bring back on track to Maryland.

Angela Alsobrooks: And wouldn't you know it crime went down and economic growth went up back on track is now a national model now. Now Donald Trump says, if Kamala Harris is elected tough, guys will treat her like a play toy. Do you know who else thought that The drug cartels she busted the big oil companies she made pay for polluting the big banks that she made?

Angela Alsobrooks: Paid $20 billion to homeowners, they ripped off getting justice for others isn't a power trip for her. It's a sacred Calling and hear me Kamala. Harris knows how to keep criminals off the streets and come November with your help. She'll keep one out of the Oval Office ever since Donald Trump rode down that ridiculous escalator, we as a nation have felt trapped.

Angela Alsobrooks: Every national decision has been made in reaction to this one man and his extremist MAGA movement. We are still frozen by the fear that Donald Trump might once again come to power and it's not just our politics that have been trapped, it's our imagination. And then Kamala came along Kamala has reminded us that we don't need to fear anything.

Angela Alsobrooks: Not the future and certainly not that man, this is our moment to leave Donald Trump where he belongs in America's past. We stand with Kamala Harris because we as a country are not going back for the ancestors who sat at lunch counters and made sure that we all had the right to vote. We are not going back.

Angela Alsobrooks: For the mamas and grandmas who marched to make sure that women could control our own bodies, we are not going back for the parents who work from, can't see in the morning until can't see at night, not so that they will have a better future. But so that their children will have a better life, we are not going back.

Angela Alsobrooks: When facing an obstacle, my father is often said to me, your faith is stronger than your fears tonight. Our faith is stronger than our fears, faith in the promise of America, faith in the American idea in the American values that we share faith that we -- the people can choose a new leader, a better future for the people.

Angela Alsobrooks: Faith that is dark as our days and challenges have sometimes felt it's always darkest before the dawn. We know that we can endure for a night because joy cometh in the morning morning is coming morning, is coming and that joy will be led by Kamala Harris. Thank you so much.

Unidentified: And welcome, please welcome Mesa Arizona mayor, John Giles.

John Giles: Good evening. I have a confession to make I'm a lifelong Republican, so I feel a little out of place tonight, but I feel more at home here than in today's Republican Party. The Grand Old party has been kidnaped by extremists and evolved into a cult. The cult of Donald Trump trump doesn't know the first thing about public service.

John Giles: Like a child, he acts purely out of self-interest. We all need an adult in the white House and we've seen what happens when we don't have one trump made a lot of lofty promises, unlimited economic growth, American manufacturing, reborn, a secure border, turns out. Donald Trump was all talk, he wanted our votes, but he couldn't deliver a thing.

John Giles: But these days, my city of Mesa, Arizona is on the move. I'm going to ribbon cuttings every single week all because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris reached across the aisle and they delivered for my conservative community and countless more across the country. My hero, John McCain caught us taught us to put country over party.

John Giles: And that's how Vice President, Harris and Governor Walz will lead to. I have an urgent message for the majority of Americans who like me are in the political middle, john McCain's, Republican Party is gone and we don't owe a damn thing to what's been left behind. So let's turn the page, let's put country first.

John Giles: Let's put adults in the room where our country deserves. Thank you.

Note: [Video clip]

Unidentified: It was our dream to have a large family. Being a parent, it's the most important thing in my life. For decades, Americans have turned to the miracle of IVF treatments. Good God, she felt like a dream come true. The fact that she was able to build a family, that's why I do what I do.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Without IVF, I don't know how this would have been possible. IVF treatment gives many patients an opportunity to have a family. I love that I get to help people every day become parents. But a party that pretends to be pro-family wants to put a stop to this, they are attacking the right to expand and start a family. It's unthinkable.

Unidentified: [Video clip] They may never have the family that they've dreamt of in the. US Senate. Republicans blocked a Democratic bill that would have established protections for in vitro fertilization.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Mr. Vance, know if Republicans actually cared as much about protecting IVF, this would have been a simple yes vote. Family means support to me. Family is your whole world, it's the life that you build. IVF made my family. It made my heart whole. It made my life full.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It made my life full and it made my life full and we will always fight for. You for your family for your freedoms and for your future? Kamala Harris and Tim Walz honor the freedoms of all families to make decisions about what is right for them for this generation and generations to come.

Unidentified: Please welcome, Illinois Senator Tammy Duckworth.

Tammy Duckworth: Hello, Chicago, hello, Chicago, you know -- you know, I went to war to protect America's rights and freedoms. So I take it personally when a five time draft dodging coward like Donald Trump tries to take away, tries to take away my rights and freedoms in return, especially when it concerns my daughters, my girls, gamer Girl, Abigail and Queen of the monkey bars, Miley are everything To me, but they would never have been born without access to reproductive care.

Tammy Duckworth: Because after ten years of struggling with infertility, I was only able to have them through the miracle of IVF. But now Trump's anti-woman crusade has put other Americans right to have their own families at risk because if they win, Republicans will not stop at banning abortion. They will come for IVF Next, they'll prosecute doctors and they will shame and spy on women.

Tammy Duckworth: And if you think that's far fetched, just look up what happened in Alabama last year. So let me say to every would be parent. I see you I'm with you. And together in November, we'll send a message to old Cadet bone Spurs stay out of our doctor's offices and will you edit out of the Oval Office too. Look, my struggle with infertility was more painful than any wound I earned on the battlefield.

Tammy Duckworth: So how dare a convicted felon like Donald Trump treat women seeking health care like they're the ones breaking the law, How dare J.D. Vance. Criticize childless women on cable news then then vote against legislation that would have actually helped Americans to start families How dare the GOP endanger the dreams of countless veterans whose combat wounds prevent them from having kids without IVF Punishing our heroes for their willingness to serve.

Tammy Duckworth: It's simple. Every American deserves the right to be called Mommy or daddy without being treated like a criminal Kamala. Harris believes that. So let's make some history and elect her in November, God bless America.

Note: [Video clip]

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] This is my dad, Doug. He was raised in Jersey and moved to LA when he was 16. These are his parents, Barb and Mike. They think he walks on water. This is what he wore to his bar mitzvah and here's him at summer camp. They voted him most athletic, so he says this is a photo McDonald's used when he was employee of the month.

Cole Emhoff: It hung on our wall for years.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] My dad is a lawyer, a really good one. My mom called him the crisis guy because he was everyone's first call my parents split when I was in middle school and that wasn't easy. That's not easy for any kid, but it helped that my parents stayed friends and we all kept hanging together.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] We grew closer than ever and then he met Kamala the blind date that would dramatically change all of our lives forever. It was my senior year of high school, elle and I would laugh watching them fall in love acting like teenagers.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] In 2014, Kamala became Mamala. She took over Sunday night dinners and taught Doug how to actually cook. Our blended family wasn't used to politics or the spotlight, but when Kamala became Senator, we were all excited to step up, especially my dad.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] Then Kamala became Vice President. It felt like Doug was a bit out of place on Capitol Hill. I thought what is my goofy dad doing here, But he embraced it. He left his practice after being a lawyer for 30 years.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] That was tough. I was so proud to watch him, do it to stand by her side, an example of true partnership. I just got married myself and he's inspired me as a new husband. Anyone who really gets close to him knows he's kind loving and fiercely protective. I mean, just look at this face, this is my dad, the first second gentleman in the history of this nation.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] He's found his voice around the issues that matter to him.

Doug Emhoff: [Video clip] You have no choice but to speak up and speak out. There is an epidemic of hate including a crisis of anti-Semitism in our country and around the world. What they are doing on reproductive freedom and freedom in general is just outrageous.

Cole Emhoff: [Video clip] And next, he's going to make history again as the first first gentleman. I can't wait for everyone to get to know why we all love him. He's the glue that keeps this family together. We might not look like other families in the white House, but we are ready to represent all families in America.

Cole Emhoff: Please welcome my dad, the second gentleman of the United States, Doug Emhoff.

Note: [Music]

Doug Emhoff: I guess he didn't want me to give this speech. He just thank you. Thank you so much. Hello, thank you. Thank you. Hello to my big, beautiful blended family up there. I love you so much. Aren't you proud of Cole? Wow and a special shout out to my mother, I see you. My mother is the only person in the whole world who thinks Kamala is the lucky one for marrying me and to Kamala too.

Doug Emhoff: Well, we just saw where she is, she's out on the trail, listening to and talking with voters honey. I can't wait for you to come back to Chicago because we're having a great time here. I love you so much. I'm so proud of how you're stepping up for all of us, but that's who she is wherever she's needed. However, she's needed.

Doug Emhoff: Kamala rises to the occasion and she did it for me and our family and now that the country needs her, she's showing you what we already know. She's ready to lead. She brings both joy and toughness to this task and she will be a great President. We will all be proud of now I'm the son of two Brooklynites, Mike and Barb.

Doug Emhoff: They've been together almost 70 years. My dad worked in the shoe business in Manhattan and he moved our family out to new Jersey, wears new Jersey. I see you out there when I was a little kid and in a lot of ways I had a typical Jersey, suburban childhood, I biked around the neighborhood. I took the bus to Hebrew school and I rode to Little League practice in the way back of my coach's wood paneled station wagon.

Doug Emhoff: And if we did well, we got to have a Slurpee after in my neighborhood, everyone left their garage door open wherever you ended up at dinnertime. That's the family that fed you. Everyone took care of everyone else. And the guys I grew up with are still my best friends. The group chat is active every day and it's probably blowing up right now, guys.

Doug Emhoff: When my dad had to get a new job, we moved across the country to LA, Money was tight, hey, California, My Money was tight. So I worked at McDonald's in high school for some extra cash. Not --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]