Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-4-hour-2-chicago-august-22-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] We believe in a future where every person has the opportunity. To build a business to own a home to build intergenerational wealth a future with affordable health care, affordable child care, paid leave and all of this is to say building up the middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency.

Unidentified: Please welcome, Pennsylvania Senator Bob Casey.

Bob Casey, Jr.: Pennsylvania, here's a real -- okay. Here's a real question. Mom's asked me in Pennsylvania, what -- What am I supposed to do if I can't afford diapers. In just six months, a box of diapers went up $ 15. The corporations say your prices are up only because their costs are up, they're selling you a lie. It's in the bag with the diapers.

Bob Casey, Jr.: Prices are up because these corporations are scheming to drive them up. Most companies are good companies. It's the food conglomerates that sit behind the supermarkets, the faceless wholesalers, they're the ones who are extorting families at the checkout counter. This is Greedflation. I've been fighting it a long time.

Bob Casey, Jr.: So is Kamala Harris, and finally, we're starting to win when Big Pharma jacked up the cost of insulin. We passed a bill to stop them now for millions of Americans. It's capped at $ 35 a month. So that's one I've been fighting to ban price gouging on food. And next year, when she's President Kamala, Harris will sign a bill to do just that.

Bob Casey, Jr.: So that's another and when corporations take advantage of a crisis like toilet paper during the pandemic will hit them with harsher fines when Kamala Harris is President, now Americans don't expect stuff to be free, but we do expect it to be fair. The people I'm talking to from Allentown to Erie, they don't tolerate being ripped off.

Bob Casey, Jr.: Americans are hard working honest people and that's what we've been fighting for. We're fighting, for honesty, I'm fighting for it. Kamala Harris is fighting for it. Will you fight for it? All right? Let's go out and win this thing. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren.

Elizabeth Warren: You know what I love best about Kamala Harris Kamala Harris can't be bought and she can't be bossed around now. I first met Kamala in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crash. The banks had flat out broken laws, cheated people and stolen homes. Millions of Americans had lost their jobs, their savings, their homes. Now I was setting up the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

Elizabeth Warren: Go CFPB, Yeah, Kamala was protecting families as California's attorney general, you bet. And Donald was scamming students at Trump University and trying to make money off people losing their homes. Kamala Harris stepped up, she enforced the law, she fought the giant banks and she delivered billions of dollars of help for families.

Elizabeth Warren: And that is the difference between a criminal and a prosecutor, you know what else I love about Kamala, She gets it. We need to make life more affordable for working people. Yeah, donald Trump, the felon has no plans to lower costs for families. He doesn't know how and basically he doesn't really care.

Elizabeth Warren: When did he ever fill up a gas tank or worry about a grocery bill, The only bills he worries about Are from his criminal defense lawyers. But Kamala, she cares deep down and she will take on the giant corporations that are squeezing American families. In fact, it's something she's done before during the California wildfires. She went after the price gougers during the pandemic. We worked together in the Senate to stop price gouging.

Elizabeth Warren: And as President, she will lower costs for your family, she'll take on the Wall Street firms that buy up millions of houses and apartments and then jack up the rent she'll take on drug companies that charge an arm and a leg for prescriptions. She'll take on corporate monopolies that rip off consumers and billionaires who don't pay taxes.

Elizabeth Warren: And she'll take on right wing extremists who think they should decide who has access to abortion or IVF Kamala will protect abortion rights nationwide, yeah. And there it is groceries, gas housing, health care taxes, abortion trust, Donald Trump and JD Vance to look out for your family. Shoot, I wouldn't let those guys.

Elizabeth Warren: I wouldn't trust them to move my couch. We need Kamala Harris. This election is about your family and your future. I've seen Kamala Harris fight. I've seen her win. And when it comes to our families and our futures Kamala Harris is someone we can trust. So here it is with joy in our hearts, let's elect Kamala Harris, the next President of the United States.

Note: [DJ Metro plays music.]

Veronica Escobar: We've got ourselves a party in here Chicago. All right Democrats we know that a secure future depends on strong global leadership as Vice President Kamala Harris has been tested on the world stage. She's faced down threats, stood shoulder to shoulder with our allies and engaged in the serious work of safeguarding America's security. Please welcome to the stage an Army Ranger, my colleague, Congressman Jason Crow.

Jason Crow: Before serving in Congress, I was a paratrooper and an Army Ranger over 100 combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan taught me what really, really makes America a strong and secure. You see it's not tough talk, it's not chest thumping because in war talk is cheap. And trust me, I know a couch commando when I see one.

Jason Crow: Real strength and security come from our people, from our allies, donald Trump's Project 2025 would abandon our troops, abandon our veterans, our allies and our principles in chapter four. Trump plans to do Putin's bidding by abandoning Ukraine and walking away from our NATO allies in chapters two. And three, he plans to fire our national security and military professionals and then replace them with mega loyalists.

Jason Crow: But I refuse to let Trump's golf buddies decide when and how our friends are sent to war. When we join the military, we raise our right hand and we take the oath. We know that it comes with sacrifice, but we also know that it comes with a promise that America will have our back trump will break that promise.

Jason Crow: In fact, in chapter 20 of project 2025, he plans to slash veterans benefits and then privatize VA health care as a paratrooper. We learned that the leader of the unit jumps first and then the others follow leaders always go first. But Trump Trump, he would push your son or daughter out of the plane and then abandon them when they come home.

Jason Crow: Our troops deserve a commander in chief who will always have their back. That leader is Kamala Harris and together we will make Kamala Harris our next commander in chief.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] President, Joe Biden and I along with our entire country are grateful deeply grateful to each and every one of you for your service and for your excellence. The United States military without any question is the strongest and best fighting force the world has ever seen. And that is because of you each one of you.

Elissa Slotkin: Good evening. I'm Elissa Slotkin. I am honored to be your US Senate nominee from the great state of Michigan. Go blue, go green, my peeps from Michigan.

Elissa Slotkin: My life in service began in New York City on September 11th. As the smoke cleared, I knew my career would be spent protecting the country. We all love. I was recruited by the CIA and served three tours in Iraq alongside our military and I worked at the white House under Presidents of both parties and as an acting assistant Secretary of defense under President Obama.

Elissa Slotkin: I want to talk tonight about national security because the choice in November is stark America retreating from the world or leading the world. Trump wants to take us backwards. He admires dictators a lot. He treats our friends as adversaries and our adversaries as friends. But our vision is based on our values.

Elissa Slotkin: The values that took us to the shores of Normandy and helped us win the Cold War, we believe America should inspire and lead at home and abroad. We recognize that it's not just about having a strong military but about tackling global challenges like AI and climate change together and guess what That takes friends.

Elissa Slotkin: You've got to have friends to do that, vice President, Harris understands our strength abroad is inextricably linked to our strength here at home, our schools, a strong middle class and the health of our democracy. So for everyone here and everyone watching, I want you to proudly claim your patriotism you are here because you love your country.

Elissa Slotkin: Do not give an inch to pretenders who wrap themselves in the flag but spit in the face of freedoms it represents. This November, let's elect a President who will lean forward to embrace the future because America doesn't follow. We do not retreat. We are the damn United States of America. We lead.

Unidentified: Please welcome New York Representative, Pat Ryan.

Pat Ryan: Was among the Americans I proudly represent in Congress are the 4400 cadets at West Point, my alma mater. Last year, I welcomed Vice President Harris when she delivered the commencement address. I watched as she shook the hand of every single cadet. That's the thing about West Point. The day you take the oath to defend our country, you get to look the person in the eye who May 1st day, God forbid, send you to war and take their measure.

Pat Ryan: And every time Kamala Harris looked back with respect with reverence that day, I saw our next commander in chief at West Point, you learn the honor code, a cadet will not lie, cheat, steal or tolerate those who do well. There's a candidate who has violated every word in that code, a serial liar, cheater thief who looked soldiers in the eye then turned around and called fallen heroes, suckers and losers who insulted Medal of Honor recipients.

Pat Ryan: Just last week, I tell you what I think of Donald Trump, they told me, I can't say that word on TV. I'm going to use an Army term fubar if you don't know fubar, Google it. These last few weeks have felt like a new day in America.

Pat Ryan: When we are waking up rising up as patriots to demand our next President, be someone who not only treats our veterans with respect but everyone with respect with dignity, with decency, with the truth. Someone like Kamala Harris, our next commander in chief.

Note: [Music is played]

Unidentified: Please welcome the President of the National Action Network Reverend Al Sharpton.

Al Sharpton: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good evening. I stand before you as the President of National Action Network. We do not endorse candidates, but we report where candidates stand on criminal justice, economic empowerment, health equity and other issues. On one side of this race is Donald Trump. A fellow New Yorker, I have known for 40 years.

Al Sharpton: Only once once in that time did he take a position on racial issues. He spent a small fortune on full page ads calling for the execution of five innocent young teenagers. Well, I'm going to bring them out in a minute, but -- and you'll hear from them tonight because they were not executed. They're here to continue to fight.

Al Sharpton: But it was there that I saw Trump love to fan racial flames. On the other side is a woman that I've walked with in Selma, Alabama to commemorate the 59th anniversary of Bloody Sunday Kamala. Harris spoke to me that day about unity and passing bills all I ever heard from Donald Trump was how he couldn't get an advantage.

Al Sharpton: I see one candidate who wants to protect the right to vote. While the other has tried to cook up 11,000 votes in Georgia, I see a candidate who with Joe Biden brought leaders to the white House to confront violent hatred running against a man who said neo-Nazis in Charlottesville were fine. People. I see a candidate who has sought to reform and uphold the law and a man who wrongly assumes his mug shot appeals to black Americans.

Al Sharpton: I worked with Kamala Harris in every job she's had. She has consistently committed to making government work for those of us who have been disadvantaged. All Donald Trump has been consistent about is making himself richer and sowing division to get that done. This man sat right here in Chicago a few weeks ago, refusing to apologize for claims that migrants were taking black jobs.

Al Sharpton: Well, in November, we're going to show him when blacks do their job, and we are going to join with whites and browns and Asians, and we're going to do a job on those that have done a job on us tonight. We are going to realize Shirley Chisholm's dream 52 years ago, I was one of the youth directors in her campaign for President and 52 years after she was told to sit down.

Al Sharpton: I know she's watching us tonight as a black woman stands up to accept the nomination for President of the United States. We have fought too hard for women to be told to get out of the kitchen. We are now on our way to the Oval Office. We won't go back. We fought hard. We fought hard for LGBTQ loved ones to get out of the closet.

Al Sharpton: We won't go back we fought hard for the right to choose the right to education, we suffered and died and bled went to jail to get the right to vote. We won't go back. [Audience chants "We won't go back"]

Al Sharpton: So we must be committed no matter how the Supreme Court tries to roll back on civil rights, no matter what the amount of money they have. We are here because others fought and suffered for us and we vowed tonight we won't go back this November. We will go forward to fulfill the promise of a just and fair nation.

Al Sharpton: And let me say, as we transition, I'm a preacher and in Psalms it says weeping may endure for a night. But joy comes in the morning, we've endured January 6th. We've enjoyed conspiracy theories we've endured lies and errors of darkness. But if we stay together, black white, Latino Asian, Indian American.

Al Sharpton: If we stay together joy, joy joy coming in the morning, I want to now, since I was a teenager, I was mentored by Reverend Jesse Jackson and Reverend Jackson taught us to fight for what's right. And now I want to bring out some young men that I fought for. I referred to them then they were known as the Central Park Five. Now they are the Exonerated Five, Raymond, Raymond Santana, Kevin Richardson, Yusef Salaam Korey Wise. The Exonerated five, we won't go back.

Korey Wise: Good evening people. My name is Korey Wise. 35 years ago, my friends and I were imprisoned for a crime. We did not commit. Our youth was stolen from us every day. As we walked into a courtroom, people screamed at us threaten us because of Donald Trump. He spent 45, $ 85,000 on a full page ad in the New York Times calling for our execution.

Korey Wise: We knew we were innocent kids, but we -- but we all but we serve a total of 41 years in prison. Reverend, Al Sharpton stood with us now. I'm proud to stand with him today. Vice President, Kamala Harris has also So worked to make things fairer. I know she will do the same as President and I approve that message.

Yusef Salaam: I love these guys, these are my brothers, these are my brothers. Yes, indeed America, I am Yusef Salaam, a New York City councilman representing my hometown of Harlem.

Unidentified: That's right, man.

Unidentified: Representing my hometown of Harlem U.S.A.. And listen as my friend Korey Wise just said 45 wanted us Unalive he wanted us dead. Today we are exonerated because the actual perpetrator confessed and DNA proved it that guy says he still stands by the original guilty verdict. He dismisses the scientific evidence rather than admit he was wrong.

Unidentified: He has never changed and he never will that man thinks that hate is the animating force in America. It is not. We have the constitutional right to vote. In fact it is a human right. So let us use it. I want you to walk with us. I want you to march with us. I want you to vote with us and together and let me tell you this is going to be so beautiful.

Unidentified: And together on November 5th, we will usher in Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz into the white House. So I want to do this When I say one day I want you to say see us when they see us, when they see us, when they see us, America will finally say goodbye to that hateful man, we will say what I have said after seven long Years of wrongful incarceration.

Unidentified: Free at last free at last free at last, thank God Almighty, we are free at last, god bless you and God bless the United States of America.

Veronica Escobar: Wow, our country is built on justice and people's lives as we just heard can be harmed when we fail to do justice. But Kamala Harris fights to do justice. No one knows that better than the prosecutors who fought alongside her. These are their stories.

Amy Resner: I'm Amy Resner. I was a colleague in the courtroom when my friend Kamala tried one of her first cases and made the prosecutor's promise for the people for Kamala. Practicing law was always about protecting the vulnerable and giving the victims a voice women who were sexually assaulted children who were mistreated and sexually abused.

Amy Resner: She helped them navigate their nightmares and demand justice for their injuries and she did it all with grit and grace intelligence and heart. She was a remarkable prosecutor and she will be a remarkable President survivors of sexual assault struggle to be heard over the cacophony of voices. Demeaning discrediting and vilifying them.

Amy Resner: When powerful offenders are allowed to manipulate public opinion by attacking their victim's credibility, all victims suffer. Those words are from the 2021 amicus brief filed by rain, the nation's largest anti-sexual violence organization. In the case of E Jean Carroll versus Donald J. Trump. As a legislator and lifelong advocate against sexual violence, I urge all of us to stand together to support survivors, believe them and hold perpetrators accountable.

Lisa Madigan: I'm Lisa Madigan, former attorney general of Illinois. I worked with Kamala Harris during the Great Recession to protect homeowners from foreclosure as attorney general of California. Kamala met thousands of people on the verge of losing their homes and their faith in the American Dream. She demanded big banks provide mortgage relief to allow families to stay in their homes.

Lisa Madigan: She stood her ground and together we prevailed for as long as I have known her. Kamala Harris has always taken principled positions and never wavered. Thanks to Kamala's determination. Countless Americans have a home they can call their own and I'm Marc Morial, civil rights leader and former mayor of New Orleans. In the 1970s, Donald Trump was sued for refusing to rent his apartments to African Americans.

Lisa Madigan: His employees were told, put those applications in a drawer and leave them there. It was straight up housing discrimination, it was racism and civil rights advocacy put an end to it. Kamala Harris has a plan to build more housing, keep rent prices fair and help more people own homes. Donald Trump, you denied black people, the American dream and Kamala Harris is creating a future where every family, yes, every family has a place to call home.

Nathan Hornes: I'm Nathan Hornes. In 2010 I went to college in California to pursue my dreams, but ended up with a nightmare. Corinthian Colleges was a predatory for profit chain. They defrauded more than half a million students and burdened us with loans we could never repay. Then Kamala Harris stepped in as attorney general of California.

Nathan Hornes: She stuck up for students she prosecuted Corinthian and as Vice President, she stuck with us as we fought and we organize for debt relief. The Biden-Harris administration came in and canceled all Corinthian student debt and gave us back our futures. My name is Tristan Snell and I prosecuted Trump University.

Nathan Hornes: I interviewed over 100 victims of Trump's fraud, a retired police sergeant, an Iraq veteran with PTSD, a mother caring for her son with special needs. They trusted Trump. They believed that he would teach them his secrets and make their American dreams come true. But all they got was credit card debt and a fake diploma.

Nathan Hornes: Some lost their life savings, some lost their homes. Donald Trump ripped off his biggest fans and made $ 5 million in profit Kamala Harris fought scammers like him and as President, she will continue to fight for you for us, for the people.

Unidentified: Please welcome Massachusetts Governor, Maura Healey.

Maura Healey: For the people. Those three words define the role of a prosecutor to serve not only our cients in the courtroom, but our community and our country to give people a sense of security and safeguard the principles that hold our nation together to stand up to abusers and bullies and stand up for the voiceless and the vulnerable.

Maura Healey: In other words, exactly what Kamala Harris has done her whole life when she was da mothers of children who had been murdered whose cases had gone cold would come to her office saying, I'll only speak to Kamala because they knew she would listen because they knew she Would help them find justice?

Maura Healey: And she did -- that's the Kamala Harris. I know a few weeks ago in Massachusetts, I watched a little girl meet the Vice President. Her eyes were so wide as open as the future. Kamala asked her about the summer, her basketball camp and what position she likes to play the little girl said to her anything but defense.

Maura Healey: Kamala put her hand on her shoulder and replied me too. I love offense. That's what it means to be for the people Kamala, Harris fights for all Americans. She stays on offense and she wins and I know that she'll fight with the same passion, the same determination as President of the United States. I can't wait to see her prosecute the case against Donald Trump on the debate stage in September.

Maura Healey: We face a stark choice in this election, a felon and con man or a dedicated prosecutor. The contrast between Donald Trump and Kamala, Harris is clear. He obstructs justice, she upholds it, he swindles people, she serves them. He thinks he's above the law. She actually understands the law. That's what this election comes down to one candidate who's out for himself or Kamala Harris for the people.

Maura Healey: It's a battle for the future of our nation and tonight we will prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Kamala Harris should be -- she must be the next President of the United States. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome survivor and advocate Courtney Baldwin.

Courtney Baldwin: Good evening, Chicago, I'm Courtney Baldwin. In 2013, I was sold for sex in cities across California by a trafficker who controlled every aspect of my life. During those dark moments, I held on to hope that one day I'd be seen as more than a victim that I could pursue my dreams and that my trafficker will be held justice.

Courtney Baldwin: I didn't know it yet, but waiting for me on the other side were people who were fighting for survivors. One of them was Kamala Harris as California's attorney general. She fought Backpage.com the website that let me and thousands of others be bought and sold. She filed criminal charges against its owner that shut down the website for good.

Courtney Baldwin: No one has ever done that vice President, Harris is fearless compassionate and she still gives me hope she's protected. People like me her whole life and I know she'll fight for us all as President. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] We have to wake up at 2 a.m. in the morning. It's the only way to beat the Phoenix Heat. It's just like opening an oven. I work on the light rail. It's a good way to tackle the climate crisis, but the clock is ticking. Climate change is one of the greatest con jobs ever, all of this with the global warming and that and a lot of it's a hoax, it's a hoax.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Hurricane Beryl is the earliest category five on record. Climate change isn't a hoax and it's not happening in the future. It's happening right here right now. Here in Phoenix the most consecutive 110 plus degree Three days in a. Row Trump is pouring gasoline on the fire. He proceeded to solicit $ 1 billion from the fossil fuel companies because if elected, he would roll back environmental rules and repeal regulations.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Trump's project 2025 agenda gives tax breaks to Big oil and completely tramples the middle class trump would gut clean energy jobs like mine. This work gives us security and economic freedom trump would rip that away. Kamala Harris sees the future differently. She's a clean energy champion. She took on big oil that gouge Americans.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Harris was the deciding vote that passed Democrats epic clean energy investments. Kamala will fight for climate and clean energy policies that protect our health and hold big polluters accountable. The clock is not just ticking, it is banging and that is why President Biden and I made the largest climate investment in America's history.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We are not going back. I was raised to care for my community. That means jobs for my. Guys and a clean energy future.

Unidentified: Please welcome former New Mexico Representative Deb Haaland.

Deb Haaland: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Greetings, friends and family. My name is Chris Turquoise and I'm from the Turquoise clan 35 generations ago. My ancestors built lives in the high desert of New Mexico. I am on this stage tonight because of them, while fishing with my dad and running through the desert with my cousins, I learned that we have a responsibility to take care of our planet.

Deb Haaland: Donald Trump never learned that lesson. He called the climate crisis a hoax. He made it easier for big companies to poison. Our air and water. An American President must lead the world in tackling climate change. We need a President who understands that assignment.

Deb Haaland: That's Kamala Harris, I know her record. She held polluters accountable for spilling oil into the San Francisco Bay. She defended President Obama's Clean power plan in court and as Vice President she cast the tie breaking vote for the most ambitious climate action plan in our nation's history. Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will fight for a Future where we all have clean air, clean water and healthy.

Deb Haaland: Communities, let me go back to the lesson I Learned in the desert southwest. We all have a role in protecting our Earth for future generations. So let's all be fierce and let's make Kamala Harris the next President of the United States. Thank you all so much. Thank you. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] It's an election year and both parties are battling to prove that they stand with workers, but sometimes workers don't get the invite, do you know where the auto workers are?

Unidentified: [Video clip] I haven't seen anybody from the UAW. Nobody from the UAW After we struggled to find any auto workers at Trump's rally for auto workers, we hit the road to find out what Democrats have been up to the Inflation Reduction Act. Is helping to fuel a boom in clean energy? Creating 9 million new clean energy jobs over the next ten years once in a generation investment I thought.

Unidentified: [Video clip] That American manufacturing was supposed to be dead here. I am looking at one of the biggest auto mega plants being built. We talked to workers in rural Tennessee who joined a union for the first time to build one of the largest battery plants in the country. We have 20 year old people thinking about their future.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We never did that. I got things now that I never thought I could have generational wealth. I'm working on that medical. Dental vision, pension something to fall back on when it's all over with? We went to Vegas where union workers are building America's first high speed rail to Lordstown, Ohio where auto workers who lost their jobs under Trump returned to work at a new battery plant.

Unidentified: [Video clip] This could be the future. This could bring industry back to Lordstown. We saw it in its heyday and here we are -- we have the opportunity to make the battery in. Milwaukee where workers are replacing every lead pipe in the city. It helps with the struggle. You don't have to struggle with 2 or 3 jobs. You know, you can maintain with one job.

Unidentified: [Video clip] This is my old neighborhood. This is your old neighborhood, Yes. It makes me feel good because I'm giving back something. It's easy for stories like these to get drowned out by fake worker rallies at nonunion plants.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Does anybody know that there's a Donald Trump event just an hour away from here? Yes, no, No, no, was anybody invited to it? But over the last four years, only one party has invested trillions in clean energy, bringing back manufacturing and rebuilding infrastructure, putting workers at the center of it all. And this is just the start.

Unidentified: Please welcome John Russell.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]