Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-2-hour-5-chicago-august-20-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Doug Emhoff: -- only was I an employee of the month, but I still have the frame picture which you just saw and there was a ring, golden arches and all and then I waited tables, parked cars. I was working full time. So I could afford to go to college part time and thanks to thanks to partial scholarships, student loans and a little help from my dad.

Doug Emhoff: I got myself through law school and I got my first job as a lawyer. Which is also where I met the guys in my fantasy football league and a lot has changed in our lives since the early 90s. But my team name is still Nirvana. Um, yes, after the band, I worked hard and I love being a lawyer. And by the way, I still get to be part of the profession by teaching students at Georgetown Law School.

Doug Emhoff: I got married, became a dad to Ella, unfortunately, I went through a divorce, but eventually started worrying about how I would make it all work and that's when something unexpected happened in 2013. I walked into a contentious client meeting. We worked through the issue and by the end of the meeting the now happy client offered to set me up on a blind date.

Doug Emhoff: Which is how I ended up with Kamala Harris's phone number. Now for generations, people have debated when to call the person you're being set up with and never in history has anyone suggested 8:30 a.m.. And yet that's when I dialed, I got Kamala's voicemail and I just started rambling. Hey, it's Doug. I'm on my way to an early meeting.

Doug Emhoff: Again, it's Doug. I remember I was trying to grab the words out of the air and just put them back in my mouth and for what seemed like far too many minutes. I hung up by the way Kamala saved that voicemail and she makes me listen to it on every anniversary, but that message wasn't the only unusual thing about that day.

Doug Emhoff: Now Kamala, who normally would have been working hard at her office just happened to be waiting at her apartment for a contractor to do some work on her kitchen. I was eating at my desk which was not a regular occurrence for a busy lawyer like me, who appreciated a good business lunch, but that's when she called me back and we talked for an hour and we laughed.

Doug Emhoff: Well, you know that laugh, I love that laugh and maybe that counted as our first date or maybe it was that Saturday night when I picked her up and told her buckle up. I'm a really bad driver because you can't hide anything from Kamala Harris. So you might as well own it and as I got to know her better and just fell in love fast, I learned what drives Kamala.

Doug Emhoff: And it's what you've seen over these past four years and especially these past four weeks she finds joy in pursuing justice. She stands up to bullies just like my parents taught me to and she likes to see people do well, but hates when they're treated unfairly. She believes this work requires a basic curiosity and just how people are doing.

Doug Emhoff: Her empathy is her strength over the past decade, Kamala has connected me more deeply to my faith, even though it's not the same as hers. She comes to synagogue with me for high holiday services and I go to church with her for Easter. I get to enjoy her mom's, Chile, relleno recipe every Christmas and she makes a mean brisket for Passover.

Doug Emhoff: It -- it brings me right back to my grandmother's apartment in Brooklyn. You know the one with the plastic covered couches, but Kamala has fought against anti-Semitism and all forms of hate her whole career. She's the one who encouraged me as second gentleman to take up that fight, which is so personal to me and those of you who belong to blended families know that they can be a little complicated.

Doug Emhoff: But as soon as our kids started calling her mama, I knew we'd be okay. Ella. Ella calls us a three headed parenting machine, kamala and Kirsten. Thank you both. Thank you both for always putting your family and the kids first. Now, Colin Ella's friends knew that when they'd come over for Sunday dinner with mama, it was going to be real talk.

Doug Emhoff: In between taking cooking instructions they'd have to answer questions about what problem they wanted to solve in the world. They learned that you've always got to be prepared because Kamala is going to prosecute the case and in the same breath that Colin Greenly told us that they were engaged, they asked Kamala to officiate their wedding.

Doug Emhoff: And in the same way that she always steps up when it matters, kamala puts so much time into those remarks and she bound them in a book that matched her dark red dress and then turned that into a gift for the happy couple a few days ago. During this incredible time, we're going through -- there was a brief window when Kamala was back at home and I saw her sitting on her favorite chair and in the middle of a wild month.

Doug Emhoff: I just hope that she was having a quiet moment to herself, but then I realized she was on the phone and of course my my mind went to all the potential crises that the Vice President could be dealing with. Was it domestic, Was it foreign, Was it campaign? I could see she was focused and all I knew was that it must be something important.

Doug Emhoff: And it turns out it was ella, had called her. That's Kamala, that's Kamala. Those kids are her priorities and that scene was a perfect map of her heart. She's always been there for our children. And I know she'll always be there for yours too. Kamala is a joyful warrior it's doing for her country. What she has always done for the people that she loves.

Doug Emhoff: Her passion will benefit all of us when she's our President. And here's the thing about joyful warriors. They're still warriors and Kamala is as tough as it comes, just ask the criminals, the global gangsters and the witnesses before the Senate Judiciary Committee. She never runs from a fight and she knows the best way to deal with a coward is to take him head on because we all know cowards are weak and Kamala Harris can smell weakness.

Doug Emhoff: She doesn't tolerate any BS. You've all seen that look and you know that look, I'm talking about that look is not just a meme. It reflects our true belief in honest and direct leadership. And it's also why she will not be distracted by nonsense. Kamala knows that. In order to win, we cannot lose focus america.

Doug Emhoff: In this election, you have to decide who to trust with your family's future. I trusted Kamala with our family's future. It was the best decision I ever made. This Thursday will be our 10th wedding anniversary, which I know I know it means I'm about to hear that embarrassing voicemail again. However, that's not all I'll be hearing.

Doug Emhoff: That same night, I'll be hearing my wife Kamala Harris, accept your nomination for President of the United States and with your help she will lead with joy and toughness with that laugh and that look with compassion and conviction, she'll lead from the belief that wherever we come from whatever we look like, we're strongest when we fight for what we believe in not just against what we fear kamala Harris was exactly the right Person for me at an important moment in my life and at this moment in our nation's history.

Doug Emhoff: She is exactly the right President. Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Please welcome former First Lady Michelle Obama.

Michelle Obama: Thank you guys. Okay, we got a big night ahead. Thank you all so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Okay, hey, hello, Chicago. Yeah, all right, something I something wonderfully magical is in the air, isn't it? Yeah, you know, we're feeling it here in this arena, but it's spreading all across this country.

Michelle Obama: We love a familiar feeling that's been buried too deep for far too long. You know what I'm talking about, it's the contagious power of hope, the anticipation, the energy, the exhilaration of once again being on the cusp of a brighter day, the chance to vanquish the demons of fear division and hate that have consumed us and continue pursuing the unfinished Promise of this great nation.

Michelle Obama: The dream that our parents and grandparents fought and died and sacrificed for America hope is making a comeback. Yeah, but to be honest, I am realizing that until recently I have mourned the dimming of that hope and maybe you've experienced the same feelings as that deep pit in my stomach, a palpable sense of dread about the future.

Michelle Obama: And for me that mourning has also been mixed with my own personal grief. The last time I was here in my hometown was to memorialize my mother, the woman who showed me the meaning of hard work and humility and decency, the woman who set my moral compass high and showed me the power of my own voice folks. I still feel her loss so profoundly.

Michelle Obama: I wasn't even sure if I'd be steady enough to stand before you tonight. But my heart compelled me to be here because of the sense of duty that I feel to honor her memory and to. And to remind us all, not to squander the sacrifices our elders made to give us a better future. You see my mom in her steady, quiet way lived out that striving sense of hope every single day of her life.

Michelle Obama: She believed that all children, all all people have value that anyone can succeed if given the opportunity. She and my father didn't aspire to be wealthy. In fact, they were suspicious of folks who took more than they needed. They understood that it wasn't enough for their kids to thrive, if everyone else around us was drowning.

Michelle Obama: So my mother volunteered at the local school. She -- she always looked out for the other kids on the block. She was glad to do the thankless unglamorous work that for generations has strengthened the fabric of this nation. The belief that if you do unto others, if you love thy neighbor, if you work and scrape and sacrifice it will pay off, if not for you then maybe for your children or your grandchildren, you see those values have been passed on through family farms and factory Towns through tree lined streets and crowded tenements through prayer groups and National Guard units and social studies classrooms.

Michelle Obama: Those were the values my mother poured into me until her very last breath kamala Harris and I built our lives on those same foundational values. Even though our mothers grew up in ocean apart, they shared the same belief in the promise of this country. That's why her mother moved here from India at 19. It's why she taught Kamala about justice about the obligation to lift others up about our responsibility to give more than we take.

Michelle Obama: She'd often tell her daughter don't sit around and complain about things do something. So with that voice in her head, kamala went out and she worked hard in school graduating from an HBCU, earning her law degree at a state school. And then she went on to work for the people fighting to hold lawbreakers accountable, strengthening the rule of law, fighting to get folks better wages, cheaper prescription drugs, a good education, decent health care, child care elder care from a middle class household.

Michelle Obama: Kamala worked her way up to become Vice President of the United States of America. My girl Kamala, Harris is more than ready for this moment, she is one of the most qualified people ever to seek the office of the presidency and she is one of the most dignified, a tribute to her mother, to my mother and to your mother, to the embodiment of the stories, we tell Ourselves about this country, her story is your story, it's my story.

Michelle Obama: It's the story of the vast majority of Americans trying to build a better life. Look, Kamala knows like we do that regardless of where you come from, what you look like, who you love, how you worship or what's in your bank account. We all deserve the opportunity to build a decent life. All of our contributions deserve to be accepted and valued.

Michelle Obama: Because no one has a monopoly on what it means to be an American, no one kamala has shown her allegiance to this nation, not by spewing, anger and bitterness, but by living a life of service and always pushing the doors of opportunity open to others. She understands that most of us will never be afforded the grace of failing forward.

Michelle Obama: We will never benefit from the affirmative action of generational wealth if If we bankrupt a business, if we bankrupt a business or choke in a crisis, we don't get a second, third or fourth chance If things don't go our way. We don't have the luxury of whining or cheating others to get further ahead, no ee don't get to change the rules, so we always win.

Michelle Obama: If we see a mountain in front of us, we don't expect there to be an escalator waiting to take us to the top. No, we put our heads down. We get to work in America, we do something and throughout her entire life, that's what we've seen from Kamala Harris, the steel of her spine, the steadiness of her upbringing, the honesty of her example.

Michelle Obama: And yes, the joy of her laughter and her light. It couldn't be more obvious of the two major candidates in this race only Kamala Harris truly understands the unseen labor and unwavering commitment that has always made America great. Now unfortunately, we know what comes next. We know folks are going to do everything they can to distort her truth.

Michelle Obama: My husband and I sadly know a little something about this. For years, Donald Trump did everything in his power to try to make people fear us, see his, his limited narrow view of the world, made him feel threatened by the existence of two hard working, highly educated successful people who happen to be black.

Michelle Obama: Wait, I want to know, I want to know who's going to tell him. Who's going to tell him that the job he's currently seeking might just be one of those black jobs? Look, it's his same old con, his same old con doubling down on ugly misogynistic, racist lies as a substitute for real ideas and solutions that will actually make people's lives better look because cutting our health care, taking away our freedom to control our bodies, the freedom to become a mother through IVF like I did.

Michelle Obama: Those things are not going to improve the health outcomes of our wives, mothers and daughters. Shutting down the Department of Education banning our books, none of that will prepare our kids for the future. Demonizing our children for being who they are and loving who they love. Look that doesn't make anybody's life better.

Michelle Obama: Instead -- instead it only makes us small and let me tell you this going small is never. The answer going small is the opposite of what we teach. Our kids going small is petty, it's unhealthy and quite frankly it's unpresidential. So why would any of us accept this from anyone seeking our highest office?

Michelle Obama: Why would we normalize that type of backward leadership? Doing so only demeans and cheapens our politics, it only serves to further discourage good big hearted people from wanting to get involved at all america. Our parents taught us better than that and we deserve so much better than that. That's why we must do everything in our power to elect two of those good big hearted people.

Michelle Obama: There is no other choice than Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. No other choice, but as we embrace this renewed sense of hope, let us not forget the despair, we have felt -- let us not forget what we are up against. Yes, Kamala and Tim are doing great now. We're loving it, they're packing arenas across the country.

Michelle Obama: Folks are energized. We are feeling good. But remember, there are still so many people who are desperate for a different outcome who are ready to question and criticize every move. Kamala makes who are eager to spread. Those lies who don't want to vote for a woman who will continue to prioritize building their wealth over ensuring that everyone has enough.

Michelle Obama: So no matter how good we feel tonight or tomorrow or the next day, this is going to be an uphill battle. So folks, we cannot be our own worst enemies, no see because the minute something goes wrong, the minute a lie takes hold. Folks. We cannot start wringing our hands. We cannot get a Goldilocks complex about whether everything is just right.

Michelle Obama: And we cannot indulge our anxieties about whether this country will elect someone like Kamala instead of doing everything we can to get someone like Kamala elected. Kamala and Tim -- they have lived amazing lives and I am confident that they will lead with compassion, inclusion and grace, but they are still only human.

Michelle Obama: They are not perfect and like all of us they will make mistakes. But luckily y'all this is not just on them. No, this is up to us all of us to be the solution that we seek. It's up to all of us to be the antidote to the darkness and division. Look, I don't care how you identify politically whether you're Democrat, Republican, independent or none of the above.

Michelle Obama: This is our time to stand up for what we know in our hearts is right to stand up, not just for our basic freedoms, but for decency and humanity for basic respect, dignity and empathy for the values at the very foundation of this democracy, it's up to us to remember what Kamala's mother told her. Don't just sit around and complain do something.

Michelle Obama: So if they lie about her and they will, we've got to do something. If we see a bad poll and we will, we got to put down that phone and do something if we start feeling tired. If we start feeling that dread, creeping back in, we got to pick ourselves up, throw water on our face and what we only have two and a half months y'all to get this done only 11 weeks to make sure every single person we know is registered and has a voting plan.

Michelle Obama: So we cannot afford for anyone -- anyone -- anyone America to sit on their hands and wait to be called, don't complain if no one from the campaign has specifically reached out to you to ask you for your support. There is simply no time for that kind of foolishness. You know what you need to do so Consider this to be your official ask.

Michelle Obama: Michelle Obama is asking, you know, I'm telling y'all to do something. Because to sunset to sunset to sunset, you are. This election is going to be close in some states, just a handful. Listen, to me, a handful of votes in every precinct could decide the winner, so we need to vote in numbers that erase any doubt.

Michelle Obama: We need to overwhelm any effort to suppress us. Our fate is in our hands in 77 days. We have the power to turn our country away from the fear division and smallness of the past. We have the power to marry our hope with our action. We have the power to pay forward the love sweat and sacrifice of our mothers and fathers and all those who came before us. We did it before y'all and we sure can do it again.

Michelle Obama: Let us work like our lives depend on it. And let us keep moving our country forward and go higher, yes, always higher than we've ever gone before as we elect the next President and Vice President of the United States, Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. Thank you all. God bless you. Before I go, I have one more job tonight.

Michelle Obama: Yeah, one more job you all. Thank you for all the love, but it is now my honor to introduce somebody who knows a whole lot about hope, someone who has spent his life, strengthening our democracy. And let me tell you as someone who lives with him, he wakes up every day, every day and thinks about what's best for this country.

Michelle Obama: Please welcome America's 44th President and the love of my life Barack Obama.

Barack Obama: Hello, Chicago, you know that I do not take lives. Thank you for this last advertising in the skies. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. All right, all right. That's enough. Thank you. Thank you, chicago. It's good to be home, it is good to be home and I. I don't know about you, but I'm feeling fired up. I am feeling ready to go even if even if I am the only person stupid enough to speak after Michelle Obama.

Barack Obama: I am feeling hopeful because this convention has always been pretty good to kids with funny names who believe in a country where anything is possible. Because we have a chance to elect someone who has spent her entire life trying to give people the same chances. America gave her someone who sees you and hears you and will get up every single day and fight for you.

Barack Obama: The next President of the United States of America, kamala Harris, it's been 16 years since I had the honor of Accepting this party's nomination for President. And I know that's hard to believe because I have not aged a bit, but it's true. And and looking back, I can say without question that my first big decision as your nominee turned out to be one of my best and that was asking Joe Biden to serve by my side as Vice President.

Barack Obama: Now other other than some common Irish blood, Joe and I come from different backgrounds, but we became brothers. And as we worked together for eight, sometimes pretty tough years, what I came to admire most about, Joe wasn't just his smarts, his experience, it was his empathy and his decency and his hard earned resilience.

Barack Obama: His unshakable belief that everyone in this country deserves a fair shot. And over the last four years, those are the values America has needed most. At a time when millions of our fellow citizens were sick and dying, we needed a leader with the character to put politics aside and do what was right at a time when our economy was reeling.

Barack Obama: We needed a leader with the determination to drive what would become the world's strongest recovery, 15 million jobs, higher wages, lower health care costs at a time when the other party had turned into a cult of personality. We needed a leader who was steady and brought people together and was selfless enough to do the rarest thing there is in politics, putting his own ambition aside for the sake of the country.

Barack Obama: History will remember Joe Biden as an outstanding President who defended democracy at a moment of great danger and I am proud to call him my President. But I am even prouder to call him my friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now the torch has been passed now.

Barack Obama: It is up to all of us to fight for the America. We believe in and make no mistake, it will be a fight for all the incredible energy we've been able to generate over the last few weeks. For all the rallies and the memes, this will still be a tight race in a closely divided country, a country where too many Americans are still struggling where a lot of Americans don't believe government can help.

Barack Obama: And as we gather here tonight, the people who will decide this election are asking a very simple question. Who will fight for me Who's thinking about my future About my children's future About our future together. One thing is for certain donald Trump is not losing sleep over that question. Here's a 78 year old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he rode down his golden escalator nine years ago.

Barack Obama: It has been a constant stream of -- of gripes and grievances that's actually been getting worse now that he's afraid of losing to Kamala. There's the childish nicknames, the crazy conspiracy theories, this weird obsession with crowd sizes. It It -- It just goes on and on and on. The other day, I heard someone compare Trump to the neighbor who keeps running his leaf blower outside your window every minute of every day.

Barack Obama: Now from a neighbor that's exhausting from a President, it's just dangerous. The truth is Donald Trump sees power as nothing more than a means to his ends. He wants the middle class to pay the price for another huge tax cut. That would mostly help him and his rich friends. He killed a bipartisan immigration deal written in part by one of the most conservative Republicans in Congress that would have helped secure our southern border because he thought trying to actually solve the problem would hurt his campaign.

Barack Obama: He doesn't Do not boo vote. He doesn't seem to care if more women lose their reproductive freedom since it won't affect his life. And most of all, Donald Trump wants us to think that this country is hopelessly divided between us and them between the real Americans who of course support him and the outsiders who don't. And he wants you to think that you'll be richer and safer, if you will.

Barack Obama: Just give him the power to put those other people back in their place. It is one of the oldest tricks in politics from a guy whose act has, let's face it, gotten pretty stale. We do not need four more years of bluster and bumbling and chaos. We have seen that movie before and we all know that the sequel is usually worse, america is ready for a new chapter.

Barack Obama: America is ready for a better story. We are ready for a President, Kamala Harris and Kamala. Harris is ready for the job. This is a person who has spent her life fighting on behalf of people who need a voice and a champion. As you heard from Michelle, kamala was not born into privilege. She had to work for what she's got and she actually cares about what other people are going through.

Barack Obama: She's not the neighbor running the leaf blower. She's the neighbor rushing over to help when you need a hand as a prosecutor. Kamala stood up for children who had been victims of sexual abuse as an attorney general of the most populous state in the country. She fought big banks and for profit colleges securing billions of dollars for the people they had scammed.

Barack Obama: After the home mortgage crisis, she pushed me and my administration hard to make sure homeowners got a fair settlement. It didn't matter that I was a Democrat. It didn't matter that she had knocked on doors for my campaign in Iowa. She was going to fight to get as much relief as possible for the families who deserved it as Vice President.

Barack Obama: She helped take on the drug companies to cap the cost of insulin, lower the cost of health care. Give families with kids a tax cut and she is running for President with real plans to lower costs even more and protect Medicare and Medicaid and sign a law to guarantee every woman's right to make her own health care decisions.

Barack Obama: In other words, Kamala Harris won't be focused on her problems. She'll be focused on yours. As President, she won't just cater to her own supporters and punish those who refuse to kiss the ring or bend the knee. She'll work on behalf of every American. That's who Kamala is. And in the white House, she will have an outstanding partner in Governor Tim Walz.

Barack Obama: Let me tell you something. Let me -- let me tell you something. I love this guy, tim is the kind of person who should be in politics born in a small town, served his country taught kids, coached football, took care of his neighbors. He knows who he is and he knows what's important. You can tell those those flannel shirts he wears don't come from some political consultant.

Barack Obama: They come from his closet and they have been through some stuff. They have been through some stuff, that's right. Together Kamala and Tim have kept faith with America's central story, a story that says we are all created equal all of us endowed with certain inalienable rights that everyone deserves a chance that even when we don't agree with each other, we can find a way to live With each other, that's Kamala's vision.

Barack Obama: That's Tim's vision, that's the Democratic Party's vision and our job over the next 11 weeks is to convince as many people as possible to vote for that vision. Now it won't be easy. The other side knows it's easier to play on people's fears and cynicism always has been. They will tell you that government is inherently corrupt that that sacrifice and generosity are for suckers.

Barack Obama: And since the game is rigged, it's okay to take what you want and just look after your own. That's the easy path. We have a different task. Our job is to convince people that democracy can actually deliver. And and in doing that, we can't just point to what we've already accomplished. We can't just rely on the ideas of the past.

Barack Obama: We need to chart a new way forward to meet the challenges of today and Kamala understands this. She knows for example that if we want to make it easier for more young people to buy a home, we need to build more units and clear away some of the outdated laws and regulations that made it harder to build homes for working people in this country.

Barack Obama: That is a priority and she's put out a bold new plan to do just that. On health care, we should all be proud of the enormous progress that we've made through the Affordable Care Act, providing millions of people access to affordable coverage, protecting millions more from unscrupulous insurance practices.

Barack Obama: And I noticed, by the way, that since it's become popular, they don't call it Obamacare, no more. But Kamala knows we can't stop there, which is why she'll keep working to limit out-of-pocket costs. Kamala knows that if we want to help people get ahead, we need to put a college degree within reach of more Americans.

Barack Obama: But -- but she also knows college shouldn't be the only ticket to the middle class. We need to follow the lead of governors like Tim Walz, who said if you've got the skills and the drive, you shouldn't need a degree to work for state government. And in this new economy, we need a President who actually cares about the millions of people all across this country who wake up every single day to do the essential, often thankless work to care for our sick to clean our streets to deliver our packages.

Barack Obama: We need a President who will stand up for their right to bargain for better wages and working conditions and Kamala will be that President. Yes, she can. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, she can. A Harris Waltz administration can help us move past some of the tired old debates that keep stifling progress because at their core Kamala and Tim understand that when everybody gets a fair shot, we are all better off.

Barack Obama: They understand that when every child gets a good education, the whole economy gets stronger when women are paid the same as men for doing the same job, all families benefit. They understand that we can secure our borders without tearing kids away from their parents just like we can keep our streets safe while also building trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve and eliminating bias that will make it better for everybody.

Barack Obama: Donald Trump and his well-heeled donors, they don't see the world that way for them. One group's gains is necessarily another group's loss for them. Freedom means that the powerful can do pretty much what they please, whether it's fire workers, trying to organize a union or put poison in our rivers or avoid paying taxes like everybody else has to do well, we have a broader idea of freedom.

Barack Obama: We believe in the freedom to provide for your family if you're willing to work harder, the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water and send your kids to school without worrying if they'll come home. We believe that true freedom gives each of us the right to make decisions about our own life, how we worship, what our family looks like, how many kids we have, who we marry.

Barack Obama: And we believe that freedom requires us to recognize that other people have the freedom to make choices that are different than ours. That's okay. That's the America kamala Harris and Tim Walz believe in an America where we -- the people includes everyone because that's the only way this American experiment works.

Barack Obama: And despite what our politics might suggest, I think most Americans understand that democracy isn't just a bunch of abstract principles and -- and dusty laws in some book somewhere. It's the values we live by. It's the way we treat each other, including those who don't look like us or pray like us or see the world exactly like we do that.

Barack Obama: That sense of mutual respect has to be part of our message. Our politics have become so polarized these days that all of us across the political spectrum seem so quick to assume the worst in others unless they agree with us on every single issue. We start thinking that the only way to win is to scold and shame and out yell the other side.

Barack Obama: And after a while, regular folks just tune out or they don't bother to vote. Now that approach may work for the politicians who just want attention and thrive on division, but it won't work for us to make progress on the things we care about. The things that really affect people's lives, we -- we need to remember that we've all got our blind spots and contradictions and prejudices and that if we want to win over those who aren't yet ready to support our candidates, we need to listen to their concerns and maybe Learn something in the process.

Barack Obama: After all, if a parent or grandparent occasionally says something that makes us cringe, we don't automatically assume they're bad people. We recognize that the world is moving fast that they need time and maybe a little encouragement to catch up our fellow citizens deserve the same grace. We hope they'll extend to us. That's how we can build a true democratic majority one that can get things done.

Barack Obama: And by the way, that does not just matter to the people in this country, the rest of the world is watching to see if we can actually pull this off. No nation. No society has ever tried to build a democracy as big and as diverse as ours before, one that includes people that over decades have come from every corner of the globe.

Barack Obama: One, where our allegiances and our community are defined not by race or blood, but by a common creed. And that's why when we uphold our values, the world's a little brighter when we don't the world's a little dimmer and dictators and autocrats feel emboldened. And over time, we become less safe, we shouldn't be the world's policeman.

Barack Obama: And we can't eradicate every cruelty and injustice in the world, but America can be and must be a force for good, discouraging conflict fighting disease, promoting human rights, protecting the planet from climate change, defending freedom, brokering peace, that's what Kamala Harris believes and so do most Americans.

Barack Obama: Now I -- I -- I know these ideas can feel pretty naive right now. We live in a time of such confusion and rancor with a culture that puts a premium on things --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]