Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-1-hour-2-chicago-august-19-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Jaime Harrison: Yeah, Democrats, our first order of business is adopting an up to date convention agenda when the convention rules Committee met. Everyone was working on updating plans based on the significant changes that had just occurred when the committee approved an agenda. It was a work in progress that members knew would need to be revised accordingly.

Jaime Harrison: We now have an agenda for the next four days. The agenda is included in the Standing Committee report booklet and emailed to each convention participant in addition to fantastic speakers and performers. Tonight's agenda provides for adopting the up to date convention agenda, hearing the Credentials Committee report, hearing the Rules Committee report and considering a resolution as recommended by the committee.

Jaime Harrison: Hearing the Platform Committee report and considering our national platform as recommended by the Platform Committee and holding a confirmatory and ceremonial vote for our Vice Presidential nominee Tuesday, includes a ceremonial roll call. For the Presidential nominee wednesday. We'll hear ceremonial nominating speeches for our Vice Presidential nominee and Governor Walz will make his acceptance speech.

Jaime Harrison: And on Thursday, my friends, we'll hear a ceremonial nominating speech for our Presidential nominee and Vice President, Harris will make her acceptance speech so now delegates the chair will entertain a motion to approve the up to date agenda. Is there a second All in favor of approving the convention agenda?

Jaime Harrison: Please say aye aye all opposed, say, nay, the ayes have it? Are we going to the next thing?

Unidentified: Please welcome credentials Committee co-chairs Secretary Marcia Fudge and James Roosevelt, Jr.

Marcia Fudge: Greetings my friends, it is an honor to have served as co-chair along my friend Jim Roosevelt. Pursuant to the call, the Credentials Committee met and adopted a resolution to credential the delegates and alternates to the 2024 National Convention. I am pleased to report that there were no credentials issues to be decided by the committee.

Marcia Fudge: Their work allowed us to nominate two champions for democracy and freedom Vice President Harris and Governor Walz.

James Roosevelt: Our delegate selection process is designed to ensure every voice is heard and every vision is heard and our delegates accurately represent their electorates. Diversity is our party's strength and I'm so proud to see the wonderful representation of our party and democracy here today. I am pleased to share that the Credentials Committee report was adopted and all delegates have been fully credentialed in memory of Marvin Turner.

James Roosevelt: We are going to have a great convention and we are going to win. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Rules Committee co-chair, Bishop, Leah Daughtry.

Leah Daughtry: Hello Democrats, it was my honor to serve as co-chair of the Convention Rules Committee alongside my friend Governor Tim Walz. Governor Walz is a little occupied this evening, but it's good to know that serving as co-chair of the Rules Committee is a ladder for promotion. The Rules Committee adopted the procedural rules of the convention on July 24th. They are based on long standing processes governing our convention and ensured that we met all ballot access deadlines.

Leah Daughtry: The rules Established the virtual nominating process for the party's nominees and set the stage for in-person votes at the convention to adopt our platform and resolutions recommended by the Rules Committee, as well as to cast celebratory votes on our nominees and hear their acceptance. Speeches under the Rules Committee authority, the Rules Committee is recommending for your approval one resolution contained in the committee's report.

Leah Daughtry: The resolution supports the current practice regarding automatic delegates as well as other reforms to make our party stronger. The co-chairs are pleased to move the adoption of this resolution on behalf of the Rules Committee.

Jaime Harrison: Thank you, Bishop. Daughtry, the Rules Committee has moved the approval of the resolution. Is there a second? We have a second. I will now call for a voice vote on approving the resolution as recommended by the Rules Committee, all those in favor of the committee's recommendation recommendation to approve the unity resolution say, I. I All opposed.

Jaime Harrison: Say, nay, I'm pleased to report for the record that with a majority of delegates having voted in the affirmative, the resolution has been approved. My thanks to our Rules Committee co-chairs and members for your efforts to build a transparent and inclusive party. Thank you Madam Chair.

Unidentified: Please welcome platform committee, co-chairs Mayor, Mitch Landrieu and Mayor Regina Romero.

Mitch Landrieu: Hello, delegates. It is my pleasure to join Coach Romero to present the national platform as recommended for approval by the committee. Our platform is grounded in our democratic values of hope of progress and love of our country. It makes a strong statement about the historic work that President Biden and Vice President Harris have accomplished hand in hand and it presents a bold vision for our future.

Mitch Landrieu: Kamala Harris will protect reproductive freedoms. Donald Trump will rip them away. Kamala Harris will lower costs for Americans, expand access to affordable health care, protect and strengthen Social Security and Medicare. Donald Trump will cut taxes for billionaires and big corporations and he will pay for it by putting health care and Social Security on the chopping block.

Mitch Landrieu: Kamala Harris is going to defend our democracy. Donald Trump is going to undermine it. The choice before us is clear and the stakes could not be higher.

Regina Romero: Buenas noches, democratas Mayor Landrieu, it was a pleasure to serve as your co-chair. I also want to recognize Louisa Terrell and the drafting subcommittee for their work. This platform was passed by the platform committee on July 16th prior to the President passing the torch in an act of love and patriotism.

Unidentified: And it's the product of a comprehensive process to engage with leaders from all corners of our winning coalition, hundreds of submissions hours upon hours of hearing and testimonies. Countless conversations with community leaders and grassroots Democrats all were essential to producing a forward looking vision for our party that echoes the voices of all.

Regina Romero: Vice President, Harris is now carrying the torch and she and Governor Walz are committed to delivering results for the American people. Then you have Donald Trump. His extreme agenda is working against everyday Americans. He is fighting for big oil, big pharma, big banks. But most of all, most of all my fellow Democrats, he is fighting for himself.

Regina Romero: This November, we need to keep Democrats in office and elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz so we can implement an agenda that works for everyone quando, Luciano's, ganamos and with that on behalf of the Platform Committee, we are pleased to move the adoption of the 2024 Democratic National Platform.

Jaime Harrison: Thank you. The co-chairs have moved the approval of the national platform. Is there a second? We have a second. I will now call for a voice vote to approve the platform as recommended by the Platform committee, all those in favor of approving the platform. Please say aye. All opposed, Say no co-Chairs, I am pleased to report for the record that with the majority of the delegates having voted in the affirmative, the platform has been adopted.

Jaime Harrison: Once again, thank you to our platform committee, co-chairs and members as well as the Platform Drafting Committee and its chair Louisa Terrell. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]

Minyon Moore: Set out to find her Vice President just one month ago, she was looking for someone who believes in our democracy who works hard for the American people and has an endless supply of hope for our future. She found that in Vice President, Tim Walz come on give it up for vice give it up on August 6th, the Democratic Party officially nominated Governor Walz as our Vice Presidential candidate.

Minyon Moore: While Governor Walz is nomination has already been certified, we couldn't miss the opportunity to celebrate this future Vice President's integrity, commitment, decency and service to our nation. The chair will entertain a motion to ceremonially confirm Governor Wallace selection as the Democratic Party's Vice Presidential nominee.

Minyon Moore: We have a motion is there a second? Second, we have a second. We will now have a voice vote on the motion to ceremonially confirm our Vice Presidential nominee all in favor of the motion. Please proudly say aye all opposed The ayes have it. I'm thrilled. I'm thrilled to proudly reaffirm Tim Walz as a Democratic nominee for Vice President. [Audience chants "U.S.A."] Yes, yes, yes.

Minyon Moore: U.S.A. Pursuant to our convention rules, governor Walz has been invited to make an exception speech which he will deliver on Wednesday, August 21st. Thank you my friends, delegates, please. Welcome to the stage co-chair Peggy Flanagan to resume chairing our convention.

Peggy Flanagan: Thank you. Thank you. Well, good evening and welcome to the first night of the Democratic National Convention. I'm Peggy Flanagan, lieutenant governor of Minnesota. And I am thrilled to be here in Chicago with Democrats from across the country to rally around Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz. And their vision for America?

Peggy Flanagan: It's been eight years since we last came together as a party and I can feel the excitement in this arena. It's filled with energy and with joy. Our theme tonight is For the People we'll hear from union leaders, civil rights, advocates and our fellow citizens. And we'll hear from our President, Joe Biden, who has been a Champion for the people for his entire life.

Peggy Flanagan: My name My name in the Ojibwe language is Geegee Ruidum uku or in English speaks with a clear and loud voice woman. I'm a member of the White Earth Nation and my family is the Wolf Clan and the role of our clan is to ensure that we never leave anyone behind. That's why I am supporting Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to be the next President and Vice President of the United States.

Peggy Flanagan: For almost six years, I've worked side by side with Governor Walz. I've seen how hard he's worked to Minnesota for Minnesota to be the best place for kids to grow up. He does it all with a big heart, a buffalo plaid jacket and a bottomless bag of snacks, nutter Butters, cheese, curds and diet dew. Every time we meet, he brings something for me because he's always got my back.

Peggy Flanagan: And when he's Vice President, he will always have yours, he and Kamala Harris have spent their lives fighting for you for your family for your future. So whether you're a lifelong Democrat or just tuning in, thank you for being part of this evening, four years ago. The COVID pandemic upended our lives. My brother Ron was the second person to die of COVID in the state of Tennessee.

Peggy Flanagan: We couldn't see him. We couldn't have a memorial and millions of American families went through the same thing. Our communities were suffering, our economy was struggling and Donald Trump was playing games. Our country was brought to the brink by his failure to respond. But the Biden-Harris administration stepped in with quick and decisive action.

Peggy Flanagan: They contain the virus, created millions of jobs and invested in our nation's future under their leadership, America began to heal.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The words about a pandemic at this point, No, not at all. We have it totally under control. We think we have it very well under control. We pretty much shut it down. A lot of people think that goes away in April With the heat. We're in very good shape because of all we've done the risk to the American people remains very low view this the same as the flu.

Unidentified: It's going to disappear one day. [Video clip] It's like a miracle. It will disappear. We all together have done a very good job. We think the death will be at a very low number, I see. [Video clip] The disinfectant, is there a way we can do something like that by injection inside or or almost a cleaning?

Unidentified: I'm taking it hydroxychloroquine right now. Yeah, you can test too much. You do know that. [Video clip] Who says that, Oh, just read the manuals, read the books, manuals, Read the book manual, I think it's under control. I'll tell you what. How a thousand Americans are dying a day, they are dying, that's true.

Unidentified: It is what it is. [Video clip] Help is on the way and it is long overdue. The $1.9 trillion COVID relief bill to get stimulus aid directly to struggling Americans. [Video clip] Our plan is about what we need to do around a national strategy for contact tracing, for testing, for administration of the vaccine and making sure that it will be free for all tonight. [Video clip] The U.S. is nearing a major milestone in the fight against the coronavirus.

Unidentified: The U.S. is about to deliver the 200th million COVID shots since President Biden took office, beating his target by about a week. Millions of American students returned to school earlier this month after more than a year of remote learning. [Video clip] Sports venues are filling up and concerts are getting scheduled.

Unidentified: I'm feeling great. Business is definitely ramped up, I'm so thankful. To be able to serve. Our customers, again, after all this, it's a blessing. Please welcome, Illinois Representative, Lauren Underwood.

Lauren Underwood: COVID was the worst public health crisis in a century. Donald Trump failed us, but Joe Biden and Kamala Harris got it under control. Donald Trump said it is what it is. Joe Biden and Kamala. Harris said help is on the way Democrats in Congress tried to lower the cost of health care. Donald Trump tried to take our health care away.

Lauren Underwood: We tried to expand Social Security and Medicare. Donald Trump tried to cut them year after year after year. He took the COVID crisis and turned it into a catastrophe. We can never let him be our President again as a registered nurse. I care deeply about making health care more affordable as someone with a preexisting condition, I am determined to protect the people who are most at risk.

Lauren Underwood: And as the youngest black woman ever elected to Congress, I am painfully aware that black women, especially pregnant women and new moms, were more likely to die from COVID. I wrote the Momnibus to protect those women and to address the maternal health crisis. And that bill was introduced and championed by Senator Kamala Harris.

Lauren Underwood: Because she protects the people who are most vulnerable, she's done it for her whole career as Vice President. She and President Biden passed my legislation to make health care more affordable and now four out of five Americans can get covered through the Affordable Care Act for $10 or less per month. And under the Biden-Harris administration, the number of uninsured Americans hit an all time low.

Lauren Underwood: Four years ago, it was not safe to hold a convention like this, but tonight thousands have gathered in this arena in my home state of Illinois to make sure Kamala Harris is the next President of the United States. We have come so far these past four years. And we're not going back. Thank you.

Rich Logis: My name is Rich Logis. I live in Florida and until two years ago, I was a full fledged member of MAGA. I believe Trump. I was a MAGA pundit, I had my own podcast. I was in a state of panic terrified that Democrats were destroying our country. When the pandemic hit, we need a leadership, but we were given almost nothing.

Rich Logis: It was a major betrayal to the country, so I finally stepped outside the MAGA echo chamber. I stopped listening to what Trump said and looked around with my own eyes and I realized he had been lying about pretty much everything lying is Trump's toxic superpower. He's ripped apart families, communities, our whole country.

Rich Logis: So this is my message to all the Republicans and independents who are watching people like me who voted for and believed in Trump. I made a grave mistake, but it's never too late to change your mind. You don't need to agree with everything you hear tonight to do what is right. We need to be able to trust our leaders.

Rich Logis: That's why I'm all in for Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Please welcome, California Representative, Robert Garcia.

Robert Garcia: Thank you. Thank you. We all -- we all remember, we all remember the world in 2020 where we were and for some of us who we lost. Now I was in my second term as mayor of Long Beach, California and my mom was a healthcare worker like many of you, I watched in terror and horror as the COVID pandemic consumed our lives.

Robert Garcia: As mayor I fought for more hospital beds for more tests and to make masks more accessible. What we needed at that moment was national leadership, but instead we got Donald Trump while schools closed and dead bodies filled morgues donald Trump downplayed the virus. He told us to inject bleach into our bodies.

Robert Garcia: He peddled conspiracy theories across the country, we lost hundreds of thousands of Americans and our economy collapsed now that summer of 2020. My mom and my stepfather both died of the COVID pandemic and I miss them every single day. So when Donald Trump and his MAGA extremists, like Marjorie Taylor Greene downplay the horror of the pandemic, it should make us all furious.

Robert Garcia: Now I will never forget when Kamala Harris called me after my parents died, she told me about her own story about losing her own mother and that she was praying for me at that very moment. Now we all know that later that year Joe Biden and Kamala Harris were elected President and Vice President and what a difference they made together.

Robert Garcia: They got people vaccinated, they got the virus under control, they safely reopen our schools and they passed the American Rescue Plan, a historic -- a historic economic package that helped small businesses and created jobs all across the country. Thank you, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Now I -- I am a proud immigrant who came to the United States as a young child.

Robert Garcia: We grew up poor english was our second language and we often like many immigrant families struggled to get by. But my mom, she moved here to the United States because she believed in the American dream. I'll never forget the day that I became a United States citizen. I raised my right hand and I pledge an oath to protect and to love this country.

Robert Garcia: It was the proudest day of my life, my mom, my mom taught me to love this country. She taught me that real American patriotism is not about screaming and yelling America first Real American patriotism is loving your country so much that you want to help the people in your country that is American patriotism.

Robert Garcia: And we all know that Kamala Harris understands and knows this as well. Kamala Harris is ready to lead this country. We can all remember 2020, We can all remember the horrors of Donald Trump. But let's remember most importantly tonight and every single day this week that we are not going back. Thank you.

Unidentified: Hey, everyone, I'm Ryan from Kamala HQ and we have a little game. We like to play here called Two Lies and a lie. We list out three things, Donald Trump has said and then we try to figure out if any one of them is true, which they're not, let's play first up jobs, trump claims, his administration created more jobs than we ever had before.

Unidentified: He says we had the greatest economy ever and then we got hit with COVID and he says he created a manufacturing jobs miracle. Let's dig in more jobs than we ever had before. Trump lost 3 million jobs. In fact, he's the first President to lose jobs since Herbert Hoover. What about this claim that it was the greatest economy ever and only COVID tainted it. Once again, no, let's take a look at his track record on jobs before COVID as compared to the Biden-Harris administration's. What do you know?

Unidentified: Hardly the most successful ever and about his supposed manufacturing miracle trump talked a big game, but actually lost 178,000 manufacturing jobs. And just to be clear, it wasn't just COVID here, either manufacturing jobs were already on their way down before the pandemic. So that's round one. And it looks like what we have here is two lies and another lie.

Unidentified: You get the hang of it. I'll see you all in a little bit.

Peggy Flanagan: Donald Trump downplayed COVID while Americans were living in fear he lied about creating jobs while our communities were fighting to survive, but the Biden-Harris administration stepped up. They actually took decisive action to create jobs, support small businesses and rebuild a stronger and more resilient economy.

Peggy Flanagan: Kamala Harris is a leader we can trust even in our most challenging moments, especially in those moments Donald Trump dithers Kamala Harris delivers Donald Trump abandons vulnerable people. Kamala Harris protects them Donald Trump, bullies scientists, Kamala Harris believes them. Our next two speakers will tell us why that's so important.

Peggy Flanagan: Please welcome Bryan Wallach and Sandra Abrevaya.

Brian Wallach: In 2008, we met while working on the Obama Biden campaign. We found our way there because we believe in the power of organizing uh then we found each other the day we brought our second daughter home from the hospital. Brian was diagnosed with ALS Who Moved her and her family here. I was told I had six months to live that was seven years ago.

Sandra Abrevaya: We could not change Brian's diagnosis, but we knew how to organize. So we co-founded a nonprofit called I Am ALS and thousands of terminally ill patients fought for new therapies, $1 billion to fund ALS research and earlier access to treatments, all of which President Biden signed into law. We will also keep fighting alongside patients living with Parkinson's, young onset, dementia and Alzheimer's. We've seen just how relentless activism Tourism can beat the odds just like what Brian has been doing for seven years.

Brian Wallach: And that is what we need right now to elect Kamala Harris. She's the daughter of a breast cancer researcher. She knows the promise of science and that patients need to be able to get the care they need wherever they live. We all want to make life better for the next generation and believe that people like Brian can be the first generation of survivors.

Brian Wallach: We can make life better for our caregivers to brian and I are still driven by hope and by faith in what we can do collectively and that includes the power of our vote this November. We are voting for our future. We're here because we plan to be around for it.

Unidentified: Please welcome, Illinois Senator Dick Durbin.

Dick Durbin: I've known Brian and Sandra for years. In fact Sandra was my personal press secretary. You will not find a more courageous. Couple, let's give Brian and Sandra another round of applause in every election campaign we Democrats talk about jobs. Now forget for a moment, Donald Trump's wild claims, he lost millions of jobs in America.

Dick Durbin: He promised to bring back manufacturing jobs, but he failed. He promised to deliver infrastructure, but he failed. His record was defined by failure. To put it another way, Donald Trump is like a bad boss. You want time off to take care of your sick parents. Ask Donald Trump denied in Donald Trump's America.

Dick Durbin: There is no paid family leave, want to have a child, but need IVF Too bad that shut down too want a pay raise Too bad. The boss just gave himself one. So there's nothing left for you. Donald Trump reminds us of a boss. We all had the guy who thinks he's a very stable genius, but is driving the company into the ground.

Dick Durbin: Now get this Donald Trump did make history, let's give him credit. He is one of only two Presidents in the history of the United States to leave office with fewer Americans working than when he started. Now he wants a chance to make America unemployed again. On the other hand, let's take a look at the record of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.

Dick Durbin: They recovered all those millions of jobs that Trump watched slip away. They added over 6 million jobs on top of that 16 million jobs in total, 16 million today. More roads are getting fixed, more factories are being built, more Americans are working, construction and more auto workers are making cars than on any month when Trump was President.

Dick Durbin: And we know behind every job is a person or community forever changed data centers in Wisconsin, semiconductors and Pennsylvania electric vehicles in Michigan, yes, hello, Michigan. These investments mean strong economy, growing public schools and well-funded well-staffed first responders. These -- these investments mean hope.

Dick Durbin: That's what Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are fighting for. They'll fight for the places that are too often left behind, fight to change lives and uplift communities fight to bring back American manufacturing, my friend Ed Smith, a giant of the Illinois laborers was a great fellow. We lost him this year, but Ed Smith told us there's joy in this battle.

Dick Durbin: When we win, we help people buy their first homes, send their kids to college and retire with dignity. Incidentally, that happens to be my family's story too. My mom and dad worked for the railroad and because we were a strong union family, we were not just to get by, but to get ahead, that's the American economy.

Dick Durbin: Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are fighting for let's join that fight and build it together. Now let's hear from some union workers on the ground in Arizona. Thanks to the Biden-Harris administration investment in America.

Unidentified: [Video Clip] Welcome to Phoenix. Donald Trump said he'd bring back American manufacturing, but Joe Biden and Kamala Harris actually did it. Thanks to them, plumbers and pipefitters like us are building the factories, semiconductor plants and data centers of the future. We are hard at work in Phoenix, Mesa, Goodyear, Chandler and Moore. [Video Clip] Our neighborhoods, schools and local businesses are growing.

Unidentified: Sometimes we have so many projects that we send fabrication out to other states. Our local union is now up to 4800 trades members. That's up from 2800in 2020, Thanks to Joe and Kamala and it's an exciting time for us in the next generation. Our apprenticeship program now trains over 1100 people a year every year at local high schools when they announce what graduating seniors are doing next. [Video Clip] More and more of these kids are joining the trades.

Unidentified: My son is a senior in high school this year and he plans to join us not just for the great career and the financial security that all of us parents want for our kids. But it's because he's excited to work on the cutting edge of innovation Kamala Harris will keep investing in American manufacturing with her commitment. [Video Clip] There's nothing that us, American workers can't build.

Unidentified: Please welcome Ohio Representative, Joyce Beatty.

Joyce Beatty: Good evening. I'm Joyce Beatty and I'm proud to represent Ohio in Congress. I was born in the Buckeye State and I've never left now. J.D. Vance likes to talk about how he's from Ohio, but as soon as he could, he ran away to Yale and Silicon Valley cozying up with billionaires while trashing our communities.

Joyce Beatty: J.D has been our Senator for 18 months and what has he done for hardworking Americans? Nothing. He's been busy writing the foreword to the book from the project 2025 Guy, while J.D. and Donald Trump have been sharing conspiracy theories from the darkest corners of our internet, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have been busy expanding access to the internet.

Joyce Beatty: While the other guys have been criticizing women without children. Joe and Kamala have been expanding the child tax credit and let me just tell you, cutting the poverty rate for our children Kamala and Joe Biden have been also at the same time reducing the price of health care for our seniors. And yes, securing a cap of $35 on insulin, yes, and as J.D. and Trump, they want to take us back to the past.

Joyce Beatty: Kamala and Joe have been bringing the jobs of the future to America today with the Chips act a $280 billion investment and that's not just a big number. It means new semiconductor plants and thousands of good paying jobs. You see, I worked with Kamala to pass It and I saw her leadership style up close. A rare combination of brilliance legal expertise and patience you see it's simple, J.D. and Trump like to talk about states like Ohio, but Kamala and Joe actually get stuff done for us and so does our next Vice President and my good friend Governor Tim Walz.

Joyce Beatty: America, are you ready to build on our progress? Are you ready to turn out for leaders who know that action speaks louder than words? Are you ready to vote for Kamala Harris? Are you ready to put people over politics once and for all Well, the air of joy and freedom is upon us. And now it is on us to go seize it.

Unidentified: Thank you. God bless you. Please welcome AFSCME President Lee Saunders SEIU President, April Verrett. LIUNA general President, Brant Booker, IBEW International President, Ken Cooper, CWA President, Claude Cummings; and AFL-CIO President, Liz Shuler.

Lee Saunders: I'm Lee Saunders. President of AFSCME, a union of 1.4 million public service workers in health care corrections sanitation and more, you know, four years ago we faced a pandemic and a recession with a President who didn't care one bit what working people were going through enter Joe Biden and Kamala Harris within weeks, they passed the American Rescue Plan, pulling the economy back from the brink and putting us back to work.

Lee Saunders: They've guided by guided by a basic principle, more freedom for working people, including the freedom to join a union. So this November, this November, we're moving forward with Kamala Harris as our President.

April Verrett: I am April Barrett and I am the President of SEIU representing 2 million service and care workers. We're all in for Kamala Harris because Kamala Harris has always been all in for us. Vice President. Harris joined fast food workers on the picket line and she walked a day in the shoes of a Home care worker.

April Verrett: She shares our vision for a modern day labor movement, a Movement that meets the needs of workers in the 21st century and an economy that is ready for the future. It is going to be together that we write new rules to make it easier for all workers to join a union and we -- y'all we are going to build a younger, darker.

April Verrett: Hipper, fresher sneaker wearing labor movement, a movement that is going to be more inclusive and built for the middle class and we are going to end poverty wage work for once and for all. So let's do the work, let's elect Kamala Harris, so that together we will usher in a new era of worker power and together we will win the future, let's go get it.

Brent Booker: I'm Brent Booker, and I'm proud to represent LIUNA, the Laborers, International Union of North America. We're construction workers, public employees and postal mail handlers for decades. We've fought for more investment in our infrastructure while Trump made empty promises. The Biden-Harris administration delivered now we're rebuilding highways, bridges and tunnels and powering a clean energy and manufacturing boom.

Brent Booker: Thanks to them, our members can buy a home, put their kids through school, retire with dignity as President. Kamala Harris will keep fighting for workers who are building America. Hello?

Kenneth Cooper: Hello, I'm Kenny Cooper, representing 840,000 IBEW members, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, the IBEW powers America from fire alarms to solar farms, nuclear plants to battery plants, storm restoration to power lines, and we've been doing it for over Were 130 years. Today, we're building a new energy future while providing great paying jobs and a stable retirement for all working families every step of the way.

Kenneth Cooper: Kamala Harris has been there for us. She's bringing back American manufacturing to forgotten places throughout our country. She cast the deciding vote to save our pension plan. She's lifted our apprentices up all over the nation and guess what, She's not afraid to use the word union. She has came through for all of us and it's our turn to come through for her.

Kenneth Cooper: Thank you.

Claude Cummings Jr.: Hi, I'm Claude Cummings junior, President of CWA. The Communication Workers of America. We all saw the digital divide during the pandemic. Millions of American families didn't have access to high speed internet at home too. Many kids were forced to go online class in McDonald's parking lots. But as Vice President, Kamala Harris helped pass the largest investment in broadband ever ever.

Claude Cummings Jr.: She gave CWA members a seat at the table so we could work to connect every household to the internet while creating good union jobs. Listen, we don't play at CWA and we are fired up. Are you fired up tonight?

Unidentified: Are you fired up? Are you fired up? We're fired up to work with our next President Kamala Harris, I'm Liz Shuler, President of the AFL-CIO Representing nearly 13 million American workers. This election is about two economic visions.

Liz Shuler: One, where families live paycheck to paycheck where people have no right to join a union, a CEO's dream, but a worker's nightmare or an opportunity economy where we lower the costs of groceries, prescriptions and housing where we go after big pharma, corporate landlords and price gougers where There's no such.

Liz Shuler: Thing as a man's job or a woman's job or like Donald Trump would say, a Black job, just a good union job, that's the future. Our President, Joe Biden has fought for and that's the future Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will keep fighting for, let's build it together.

Unidentified: Please welcome Los Angeles mayor, Karen Bass.

Karen Bass: Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello, Democrats? Hello Democrats. Are you as excited as I am? I've known Kamala Harris for almost 20 years, our bond was forged years ago by a shared commitment to children, a belief that it is everyone's responsibility to care for every child no matter where they come from and no matter who --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]