Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-3-hour-4-chicago-august-21-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Bill Clinton: -- and the other guy who has proved even more than the first go round that he's about me myself and I. I know which one I like better for our country. Kamala Harris will work to solve our problems, seize our opportunities, ease our fears and make sure every single American, however, they vote has a chance to chase their dreams.

Bill Clinton: You know when she was young, she worked at McDonald's And she greeted every person with that thousand watt smile and said how can I help you Now she's at the pinnacle of power and she's still asking how can I help you? I will be -- I'll be so happy when she actually enters the white House as President because she will break my record as the President who spent the most time at McDonald's Now, but we got an election to win.

Bill Clinton: And remember, we've got a guy that's pretty good at what he does. Donald Trump has been a paragon of consistency. He's still dividing. He's still blaming, he's still belittling other people. He creates chaos and then he sort of curates it as if it were precious art. Let me say not a single day goes by, even though I've been gone for well over 23 years from the white House, not a day goes by that. I don't thank the Lord for the chance I had to serve and what it meant.

Bill Clinton: And one of the reasons -- thank you, wait, wait, wait one of the reasons, one of the reasons I love the job so much is that in the toughest times, even on the darkest days, if you tried hard enough, there was always something good you could do for somebody else. Now some days that's not easy to do. You've got to deal with all these emergencies or there's something going on here there or yonder?

Bill Clinton: But Kamala Harris is the only candidate in this race who has the vision, the experience, the temperament, the will. And yes, the sheer joy to get something done, I mean look what is her opponent do with his voice. He mostly talks about himself, right? So the next time you hear him don't count the lies. [Audience chants "Count the lies"]

Bill Clinton: His vendettas, his vengeance, his complaints, his conspiracies. He's like one of those tenors opening up before he walks out on stage. Like I did, trying to get his lungs open by singing me, me, me, me, me me when Kamala Harris is President. Every day will begin with you, you, you, you. So we got to ask ourselves the questions.

Bill Clinton: If we're going to hire a President, do you want to build a strong economy from the bottom up and the middle out, or do you want to spend the next four years talking about crowd size? You're going to have a hard time believing this. But so help me, I triple checked it, since the end of the Cold War in 1989, America has created about 511million new jobs.

Bill Clinton: I swear I take these three times even, I couldn't believe it. What's the score Democrats 50 Republicans one well, I'm glad that we've got a championship winning coach on our team. But even the most limited of us and what we know about football or any other sport knows that if you're got 50 and the other side's got one, you're ahead.

Bill Clinton: What about affordable housing, It's a terrible problem in America now we need more and affordable health care. That's why the Democrats put a limit on monthly payments for insulin and a $ 2,000 a year out-of-pocket limit and are trying to cover more drugs by bargaining for prices. We need more financing for small businesses.

Bill Clinton: We need still to strengthen our alliances. I almost croaked in the first debate of this election season when President Trump said nobody respected America anymore like they did when he was President, wait, wait and with a straight face look, you got to give him. He's a good actor, whether it's with a straight face. He cited as evidence of the respect that existed for us when he was there, the Presidents of North Korea and Russia.

Bill Clinton: I'd rather have the people who respect us now. And one of the things -- one of the things is when you send a signal to the other countries, you want them to know whether they agree with you or not at least that you're on the level. Here's where you are and what you believe -- what are they supposed to make to these endless tributes to the late great Hannibal Lecter.

Bill Clinton: I mean President Obama once gave me the great honor of saying I was the explainer in chief folks, I thought and thought about it and I don't know what to say like Hakeem Jeffries I too want an America that's more joyful, more inclusive, more future focused. Just think what a burden it's been on us to get up day after day after day after day, buried in meaningless hot rhetoric when there's so many opportunities out there, so many problems that need to be solved.

Bill Clinton: I want that and that's the America Kamala Harris will lead and she's already made her first Presidential decision and she knocked it out of the park when she asked Governor Tim Walz to be his nominee for Vice President. Look, as they used to say when I was a young man growing up in Arkansas, you do not have to be all broke out with brilliance.

Bill Clinton: You just look at Tim Walz, listen to him, follow his record as a teacher, as a coach and the National Guard as a Congressman where he was the only Democrat save one elected in that district in more than 100 years and he stayed a long time. And then he became a great governor and by all accounts he was a crack shot who had the courage.

Bill Clinton: Among his rural constituents to say, we do not need these assault weapons available to people who can kill our kids in school. So armed with a reversed decision, kamala Harris confronts an interesting dilemma. We're going to walk out of here feeling pretty good. I think we've got energy, we are happy, we feel like a load off our shoulders and we know we're just being asked to fight the same fight that the forces of progress have had to fight for 250 years.

Bill Clinton: In the face of stiff and often violent opposition, we have to find a way to go forward together where we -- the people make our union more perfect. So that's a good thing. How could we possibly lose Kamala? Harris has fought for kids, her whole life that were left out and left behind. She's taken on gangs trafficking across the border.

Bill Clinton: She's fought to protect the rights of homeowners. She's been our leader in the fight for reproductive freedoms and we know a majority of the American people are with us on that. And she's gained an invaluable amount of experience as Vice President, advancing our values and interests around the world. She's already said she's going to work really hard to make sure that no American working full time lives in poverty or has to worry about their children living in poverty.

Bill Clinton: She says that we've got to make homeownership an achievable dream for everyone, not just a privilege. She said that it -- and this meant a lot to me that she would protect everybody's right to vote whether or not they voted for her, they were citizens and they deserve. The right to vote the other day her opponent implied that it's his fault that people voted one more time.

Bill Clinton: They'd be able to rig it from now on and they wouldn't have to vote again. Do you think they're kidding, But I know a lot of these folks and most of them are really good people, but some of them think that they are bound to dominate America. Politically, economically and socially and they have to use politics to do it and they should rig the system.

Bill Clinton: I don't believe that and so here's what I want to tell you. We've seen more than one election slip away from us when we thought it couldn't happen when people got distracted by phony issues or overconfident. This is a brutal tough business. I want you to be happy one of the reasons that President to be Harris is doing so well as it were all so happy.

Bill Clinton: But you should never underestimate your adversary and these people are really good at distracting us at triggering doubt at triggering buyer's remorse. As the Obama said so eloquently last night, They are human, you know they're bound to make a mistake now and then we got to be tough. And so as somebody who spends a lot of time in small towns and rural areas in New York and Arkansas and other places I want, I urge you to talk to all your neighbors.

Bill Clinton: I urge you to meet people where they are. I urge you not to demean them, but not to pretend you don't disagree with them. If you do treat them with respect just the way you'd like them to treat, you ask for their help and then follow our leader Kamala and ask them how can I help you? We Democrats right now have a lot of hay in the barn.

Bill Clinton: We've got massive achievements, massive advances, but there's still a lot of slips between today and Election Day that we have to navigate. And so I want to say this from the bottom of my heart, I have no idea how many more of these I'll be able to come to. I started in 76 and I've been to every one since.

Bill Clinton: But no, 72 Lord, I'm getting old, but here's what I want you to know. If you vote for this team, if you can get them elected and let them bring in this breath of fresh air, you will be proud of it for the rest of your life. Your children will be proud of it. Your grandchildren will be proud of it, take it from a man who once had the honor to be called in this convention.

Bill Clinton: The man from Hope we need -- we need Kamala Harris, the President of Joy, to lead us. So I'll be doing my part. You do yours. I'll see you when we're making a real joyful noise noise when the votes are counted, God bless you and God bless America.

Mindy Kaling: How about this energy in this room. And guys I couldn't leave here without giving a shout out to the amazing delegation from my home state, Massachusetts.

Mindy Kaling: I love you, Massachusetts, everyone is always hating on us, but they just don't get it go. Sox Go, Jayson Tatum, ben affleck hang in there. Dunkin Donuts is the best coffee in the world, okay. Our next speaker needs no introduction. She was the first woman to ever serve as Speaker of the House.

Unidentified: Yes, you know what's coming. This woman was doing Borat before Borat was Borat. The mother of dragons. Please welcome Nancy Pelosi.

Nancy Pelosi: Hello, California. Hello, Maryland. Hello Democrats. On January 20th, 2021, with the inauguration of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, we established one of the most successful presidencies of modern times and we quickly proved that Democrats deliver millions of jobs, stronger infrastructure and rural broadband atop a Biden child tax credit, rescuing human pensions honoring Our veterans, bold climate action, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, all thanks to President, Biden's patriotic vision of a fairer America.

Nancy Pelosi: Doing so with liberty and justice for all, thank you, Joe, and I know that Vice President Harris is ready to take us to new heights. I've known Kamala Harris for decades personally. I know her a person of deep faith, which is reflected in her community care and service. Officially, she is a leader of strength and wisdom and eloquence on policy.

Nancy Pelosi: Most recently demonstrated fighting for a woman's right to choose politically. She is astute and strategic in winning difficult elections quickly securing the nomination with dignity and grace and choosing Tim Walz Walls as our Vice President. I had the honor of serving with Tim for 12 years in the Congress.

Nancy Pelosi: He, united Democrats, Republicans and independents to turn a red district blue. He showed courage when he came to Congress and voting for the Affordable Care Act, meeting the needs of his constituents. Despite Republicans lies and misrepresentation when he went home, won the election, he returned to Congress.

Nancy Pelosi: He fought for our American heroes as the Democratic leader of the Veterans Affairs Committee. Thank you, Tim. January 6th was a perilous moment for our democracy, never before had a President of the United States. So brazenly assaulted, the bedrock of our democracy, so gleefully embraced political violence. So willfully betrayed his oath of office.

Nancy Pelosi: Let us not forget who assaulted democracy on January 6th, he did, but let us not forget who saved democracy that day. We did and thank God we had a Democratic House of Representatives. Then we returned to the Capitol that very same night. We insisted on certifying the election results on the floor of the House and the Senate.

Nancy Pelosi: And we demonstrated to America and to the world that American democracy prevailed. The parable of January 6th reminds us that our democracy is only as strong as the courage and commitment of those entrusted with its care. And we must choose leaders who believe in free and fair elections who respect the peaceful transfer of power.

Nancy Pelosi: The choice couldn't be clearer. Those leaders are vice President Harris and Governor Walz when the sun rose on January 7th as our national anthem declares. We gave proof through the night that our flag was still there. Now in this election, we are called upon to do the same to stand together to reject autocracy to choose democracy.

Nancy Pelosi: And we will do so by electing a Democratic House with Hakeem Jeffries as Speaker of the House, electing a Democratic Senate electing Tim Walz as Vice President of the United States and electing Kamala Harris as the President of the United States onward to victory.

Unidentified: Please welcome Alexander Hudson, Jasper Emhoff and Arden Emhoff.

Jasper Emhoff: Kamala Harris is our auntie.

Arden Emhoff: She'll be a President who cares for all of us.

Alexander Hudson: She'll lift us up in 2016. We celebrated auntie's Senate win. We saw Trump winning, I was only nine, but I knew enough to be concerned. Auntie said, do you know what superheroes do They fight back and we will too.

Jasper Emhoff: She will make time for what matters. You know no one is busier than my auntie, but she always makes time for family from moments as simple as cooking and sharing a meal to exchanging stories. And jokes Auntie taught me about being present in what's important. And I know that's how she'll lead.

Arden Emhoff: She'll treat everyone with respect even as a kid auntie made me feel that I was seen that my words are important that I am important and loved. I know she'll value others perspectives no matter their age or their background.

Jasper Emhoff: Auntie we love you.

Arden Emhoff: We're so proud of you.

Alexander Hudson: And most importantly, you're a baller and as you'd say, let's win this thing.

Arden Emhoff: [With Jasper Emhoff] Let's win this thing.

Unidentified: Please welcome nominee for US Congress in California Lateefah Simon.

Lateefah Simon: Hello, Democrats, my name is Lateefah Simon, and I am running for Congress and I'm here tonight to tell you all about the Kamala Harris that I know. I'm going to tell you when Kamala Harris was the district attorney in San Francisco, California.

Lateefah Simon: I was a teen mother running an organization working to end sex trafficking among beautiful young women and girls to build the self-determination and power among those girls and Kamala learned about the work that I. Was doing -- and she asked me to join her team. And I joined her team. She saw my potential, my commitment and the good work that we could do together and I saw her.

Lateefah Simon: I saw Kamala Harris holding the hands of. Sexual assault survivors. I saw scores of mothers who lost their babies to gun violence lining up day after day at the courthouse waiting only to speak to Kamala because they knew they knew that she would hear them, that she would truly see them because there's something about Kamala Harris, for those who know her, you know when she hears your story, she carries it with her.

Lateefah Simon: When she sees you, she truly sees you, she truly sees you she is the best among us after working with Kamala Harris day in and day out for five years to create programs that supported young people to get out of the criminal justice system once and for all with good jobs with opportunity.

Lateefah Simon: She wanted to get to the root cause of a broken criminal justice system, I saw her chip away, she came early and she left late every single day because you know like those mothers like those sexual assault survivors when she goes into that Oval Office. She -- when she goes into that Oval Office, I guarantee you she will take all of us with her.

Lateefah Simon: All of us, the single mothers, the disabled veterans, the low income folks who are dying to survive the immigrants who are trying to work towards the promise of America. She will take us all the farm workers. She will take us all with her. All of us, that is the Kamala Harris. That I know so deeply, that is the Kamala Harris that I love. A woman of the people, a woman, a fierce woman for the people. Good night Democrats.

Unidentified: Please welcome former U.S Associate attorney general of the United States and the Vice President's brother in law, Tony West.

Tony West: 35 years ago, in my first week at law school, I met a new classmate Maya Harris. We became best friends. But -- but the way Kamala tells the story, we'd already fallen in love by graduation day. And when Maya and I married, I not only gained a life partner, I love a daughter I adore and a mother in law. I revered someone I affectionately called Mother Harris.

Tony West: I also gained a sister, a sister I cherish, kamala now maya Kamala and I each pursued different legal careers, but we were motivated by the same values, a belief in equal opportunity, a yearning for fairness, a passion for justice values. Mother Harris taught those two little girls values that powered Kamala's public service from the very beginning.

Tony West: You know, one of Kamala's very first cases in the district Attorney's office, it involved a woman, an innocent woman, wrongfully arrested in a police raid it. It was a Friday afternoon and and the courthouse was shutting down for the weekend and look most prosecutors, they would have gone home and dealt with the matter the following Monday, but not Kamala.

Tony West: You see my sister-in-law knew that if the judge didn't see this woman that afternoon, she'd spend the entire weekend in jail and Kamala, she wondered, does this woman work weekends? Would she lose her job? Does she have young kids at home? Who would feed those kids, So Kamala pleaded for the judge to return to the bench and to hear the matter.

Tony West: And the judge agreed and within minutes that woman was released back to her family that night. Now it may seem small, but that's what it means to stand up for justice. That's -- That's what it means to stand for the people. And as Kamala says, when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for.

Tony West: And and look, believe me, when I tell you as a sister, a daughter, an auntie and a mother, I've seen Kamala fight for her family as district attorney, attorney general, US, Senator and Vice President of the United States. I have watched her fight in the halls of power for those who have no voice there and as President.

Tony West: I know I know she'll fight for you. She'll fight for all of us because friends, when Kamala fights, we win. Thank you. God bless you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] A crime against any one of us is a crime against all of us. The work that she did as attorney general was taking on issues to help people who were trying to make a life for themselves and their families. When Kamala Harris came into office in 2011, the most urgent economic crisis facing communities throughout California was the foreclosure crisis.

Unidentified: [Video clip] For too many Californians hopes for lasting homeownership have been dashed victims have fallen prey to a series of mortgage scams fraud and unfair business practices. In order to get meaningful relief, we had to sue the banks and see through a lengthy litigation process. When Kamala was sitting at the table negotiating, it wasn't just about the money, it was about real people.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I vividly remember her thinking about mommy who could finally afford to buy her first home and how proud mommy was so Kamala knew what was at stake for families and even whole communities. We are very proud to announce a tremendous victory for California. She truly believes that every single person, every American is worthy of the promise and the prosperity of this country and every time Kamala has run for a bigger office, it's because she believes that she can have a bigger impact.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We are making a commitment tonight with this celebration of this Senate race to bring our country together. In the Senate to get a position on the Intelligence Committee is very coveted because it is about protecting our nation's security and Kamala hit the ground running. She would not let a witness off easily.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Did you have any communications with Russian officials for any reason during the campaign that have not been disclosed? I don't. Recall it, I need to be correct as best I can. I do want you -- to be honest, I'm not able to be rushed this fast. It makes me nervous. Her questioning of Attorney General Sessions was was historic and she earned the respect of colleagues on both sides of the aisle.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala as a Senator was a truth teller, she was there to expose Suppose what some of these guys were and what they intended to do. Can you think of any laws that give government the power to make decisions about the male body? Oh, I'm not a -- I'm not a thinking of any right now, Senator. They didn't know what hit them and in those moments, so many people saw her for the first time and saw how tough she was.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Would you accept them recommending a charging decision to you if they had not reviewed the evidence? Well, that's a question for Bob Mueller. He's the U.S. attorney, I think you've. Made it clear, sir, that you've not looked at the evidence and we can move on. When she's on a mission, she is determined and relentless.

Unidentified: [Video clip] When our fundamental values are being attacked, do we retreat or do we fight? I say we fight. If you want to go forward in this country, not go backward, then there is only one choice.

Unidentified: Please welcome Nevada Senator. Catherine Cortez Masto.

Catherine Cortez Masto: Hello, Chicago, you know before I Was Senator I was Nevada's attorney general and that's when I met Kamala Harris, my colleague in California. Now we bonded over many things and working together. I quickly learned what kind of person she is. She is a strong leader. Here's how I know as AGS, we took on the big banks after the foreclosure crisis.

Catherine Cortez Masto: And let me tell you, Kamala did not settle for less than homeowners deserved her leadership. Yeah, her leadership helped win billions for working families nationwide, delivering for families that's Kamala, Harris kamala and I also work to protect our southern border. During that time, Kamala invited a group of AGS across the border to meet with Mexican officials.

Catherine Cortez Masto: Now we work together to put transnational criminals and drug smugglers behind bars, holding criminals accountable, that's Kamala Harris listen, and when we took on human traffickers, Kamala had us meet with survivors so that we could understand who we were fighting for standing up for justice. That's Kamala Harris.

Catherine Cortez Masto: So trust me, trust me when I say I know she will fight for our families and our freedoms now, we must fight for her every vote matters. I know in 2016 Nevadans elected me the granddaughter of a baker from Mexico to serve as the first Latina in the United States Senate.

Catherine Cortez Masto: I'll tell you what -- and in 2022, my reelection came down to 7928 votes because of voters in Nevada, the Democrats won the Senate majority and I'm here to tell you we can do it again. We can send Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to the white House. Are we ready to do it? Are we ready to fight? Let's get it done. Chicago. Thank you, everyone.

Unidentified: Please welcome, Pennsylvania Governor, Josh Shapiro.

Josh Shapiro: Thank you. Thank you. Two and a half. Centuries ago in Philadelphia, a band of patriots declared their independence from a king and set ourselves on a path of self-determination. Generation after generation has embraced that responsibility. Ordinary Americans rising up, demanding more seeking justice and in every chapter of our American story, we've made progress and advanced the cause of freedom.

Josh Shapiro: Today, well, today we find ourselves writing that next chapter will we be a nation defined by chaos and extremism or will we choose a path of decency honor and continued progress Kamala Harris. While she has spent her entire career making progress, Donald Trump a man with no guardrails wants to take away our rights and our freedoms and listen while he cloaks himself in the blanket of freedom.

Josh Shapiro: What he's offering isn't freedom at all because hear me on this. It's not freedom to tell our children what books they're allowed to read. No, it's not. And it's not freedom to tell women what they can do with their bodies and hear me on this. It sure. As hell isn't freedom to say, you can go vote, but he gets to pick the winner.

Josh Shapiro: That's not freedom, but you know what, You know what Democrats we -- We are the party of real freedom, that's right, the kind of real freedom that comes when that child has a great public school with an awesome teacher because we believe in her future real freedom, real Freedom that comes when we invest in the police and in the community, so that child can walk to and from school and get home safely to her mama.

Josh Shapiro: Real freedom, real freedom that comes when she can join a union, marry who she loves, start a family on her own terms, breathe clean air, drink, pure water worship, how she wants and live a life of purpose where she is respected for who she is.

Josh Shapiro: Real freedom, real freedom that comes when she can look at Madam President and know that this is a nation where anything and everything is possible that is real freedom and that is what we are fighting for. You know Kamala and Tim's names may be on the ballot, but it's your rights, it's our right, it's our future and freedoms that are on the line and you have the power to shape the future of this country.

Josh Shapiro: Just like our ancestors, our ancestors who fought for freedom on the battlefield and sat in at lunch counters, so our kids could stand up. Now -- now it's on us.

Josh Shapiro: It's on us, my friends to organize in our communities and on our -- For You pages around three basic American principles. We value our freedom, we cherish our democracy and we love this country. And listen, we love this country and listen, despite our challenges, hear me on this. I want you to know, I have never been more hopeful because I see in all of you the enduring promise of America.

Josh Shapiro: E pluribus unum out of many one, it's not merely a motto from the past. It's our direction for the future. You see you all give me hope and you all have the power. So let's use that power. Let's do the hard work necessary to win this election and write the next chapter in our American story. So are you ready to protect our rights?

Josh Shapiro: Are you ready to secure our freedoms and are you ready to defend our democracy And are you ready to elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz? America, let's get to work. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome author activist and youngest Presidential inaugural poet in American history, Amanda Gorman.

Amanda Gorman: We gather at this hallowed place because we believe in the American dream, we face a race that tests. If this country we cherish shall perish from the earth and if our earth shall perish from this country, it falls to us to ensure that we do not fall for a people that cannot stand together, cannot stand at all.

Amanda Gorman: We are one family regardless of religion class or color for what defines a patriot is not just our love of liberty, but our love for one another. This is loud in our country. It's called because while we all love freedom, it is love that frees us all empathy emancipates, making us greater than hate or vanity.

Amanda Gorman: That is the American promise, powerful and pure divided we cannot endure. But united, we can endeavor to humanize our democracy and endear, democracy to humanity and make no mistake, cohering is the hardest task history ever wrote, but tomorrow is not written by our odds of hardship. But by the audacity of our hope by the vitality of our vote.

Amanda Gorman: Only now approaching this rare air, are we aware that perhaps the American dream is no dream at all, but instead a dare to dream together Like a million roots tethered branching up humbly making one tree. This is our country for many won from battles won our freedoms. Sung, our kingdom come has just begun.

Amanda Gorman: We redeem this sacred scene ready for our journey from it together, we must birth this early republic and achieve an unearthly summit. Let us not just believe in the American dream. Let us be worthy of it. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] There's a word I heard a word is called freedom. Can you tell me what it means? Interesting, let me think about that for a second. The spirit of freedom for me. Oh, yeah. Freedom to me means choice. The ability to laugh with friends. Be who you want to be go where you want to go? Living your life day to day having new chapters in that life?

Unidentified: [Video clip] I believe in having your own words and being able to do what you want to. The freedom to raise our family in healthy communities. The idea that I can turn to my partner, my husband and say, I love you with every being of my soul. Being able to start a family when I want to being able to support the missions that I want to, to go to the church that I want to. Not everyone has the same Opportunities, but the United States is of anywhere I've ever been.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It's the one place where you can accomplish more. The big fantastic thing about America is that it is the land of opportunity. I know it sounds trite, but it's the truth. I grew up with a single mom and she really imbued in me these qualities that you just really have to care about your neighbors and your family and your friends.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I feel like the. American dream is having opportunities having opportunity to go to college if you want to having the opportunity to get any job you can no matter who you are or where you come from. The American Dream is about having the ability to make choices about your medical care and do whatever you want to do with your life Without anybody telling you if it's good enough.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We are in an incredible moment in history. We've seen women stripped of their most fundamental right to autonomy over their bodies. The freedom to make choices about your body, your life, your career should be entirely in your control. But I have found that good people want to do good things. That you find a way to move forward under ugly and scary circumstances.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The work that lies ahead is to make America live up to its highest ideals and you know, we're proud to go to work. The work to build a better future really depends on all of us coming together. We have to bring back that respect for everyone. I don't think we're as divided as we seem. Let's come together as one big nation.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I feel like we are on the verge of something very amazing in this country. It makes me want to fight for our children and future generations to ensure they have just as many if not more freedoms than we had. I believe in a future where my mom can feel safe no matter where she is in the country. A future that is filled with a healthy and vibrant planet where families are not separated by fences or jail bars.

Unidentified: [Video clip] A future in which we all get what we need. I want to say that for people who are younger than me. Hopefully the kids I teach can chase their dreams and believe in what they want to be. I want a future for him that he knows that he's covered and protected. Everyone should think about what we can leave to the next generation.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It's our -- our Ability, it's what we have to do. My name's Tyler. My name's Yvette. And we believe in love. I'm Alex. I'm Kiara. My name is Steven. My name is Charlie. I'm a proud seventh generation Texan. I am from Waterford Michigan just north of Detroit. I'm from East Tennessee. And we believe in the American dream, we believe in a better world for our child and we believe in this country.

Unidentified: [Video clip] My name is Karen and I believe in justice. My name is Nancy. My name is Tara, My name is Jennings. My name is Dana. My name is Todd, and we believe in freedom. My name is Gina. And I believe in freedom. My name is Pat, and I believe in the freedom to work together.

Unidentified: Please welcome Oprah Winfrey.

Oprah Winfrey: Good evening, everybody. Who says you can't go home again After watching the Obamas last night that was some epic fire, wasn't it Some epic fail, we're now so fired up. We can't wait to leave here and do something, and what we're going to do is elect Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States?

Oprah Winfrey: I am so honored to have been asked to speak on tonight's theme about what matters most to me to you and all of us Americans freedom. There are people who want you to see our country as a nation of us against them. People who want to scare you who want to rule you people who'd have you believe that books are dangerous and assault rifles are safe?

Oprah Winfrey: That there's a right way to worship and a wrong way to love people who seek first to divide and then to conquer. But here's the thing. When we stand together, it is impossible to conquer us in the words of an extraordinary American, the late Congressman John Lewis. He said no matter what ship our ancestors arrived on, we are all in the same boat now.

Oprah Winfrey: Congressman Lewis knew very well how far this country has come because he was one of the brilliant Americans who helped to get us where we are. But he also knew that the work is not done. The work will never be done because freedom isn't free america is an ongoing project. It requires commitment, it requires being open to the hard work and the heart work of democracy.

Oprah Winfrey: And every now and then it requires standing up to life's bullies. I know this. I've lived in Mississippi, in Tennessee, in Wisconsin, Maryland, Indiana, Florida, hawaii, colorado, california and california and Sweet Home, Chicago, Illinois. I have actually traveled this country from the redwood forest. Love those redwoods to the Gulf Stream waters, I've seen racism and sexism and income inequality and division.

Oprah Winfrey: I've not only seen it at times I've been on the receiving end of it, but more often than not what I've witnessed and experienced are human beings, both conservative and liberal who may not agree with each other, but who still help you in a heartbeat if you Were in trouble? These are the people who make me proud to say that I am an American, they are the best of America and despite what some would have, you think we are not so different from our neighbors when a house is on fire.

Oprah Winfrey: We don't ask about the homeowner's race or religion. We don't wonder who their partner is or how they voted. No, we just try to do the best we can to save them. And if the place happens to belong to a childless cat lady well, we try to get that cat out too, because we are a country of people who work hard for the money.

Oprah Winfrey: We wish our brothers and sisters well and we pray for peace. We know all the old tricks and tropes that are designed to distract us from what actually matters, but we are beyond ridiculous tweets and lies and foolery. These are complicated times people and they require adult conversation and I welcome those conversations because civilized debate is vital to democracy and it is the best of America now over the last couple of nights we have all seen brave people walk onto the stage and share their Most private pain.

Oprah Winfrey: Amanda and Josh, Caitlin Hadley, they told us their stories of rape and incest and near-death experiences from having the state deny them the abortion that their doctor explained was medically necessary. And they've told us these things for one reason and that is to keep what happened to them from happening to anybody else.

Oprah Winfrey: Because if you do not have autonomy over this over this, if you cannot control when and how you choose to bring your children into this world and how they are raised and supported, there is no American dream. The women and? Men who are battling to keep us from going back to a time of desperation and shame and stone cold fear, they are the new freedom fighters and make no mistake, they are the best of America.

Oprah Winfrey: I want to talk now about somebody who's not with us tonight. Tessie Prevost williams was born in New Orleans, not long after the Supreme Court ruled that segregated public schools were unconstitutional. That was in 1954 Same year I was born, but I didn't have to head to first grade at the all white McDonogh 19 school with a US marshal by my side like Tessie did.

Oprah Winfrey: And when I got to school, the building wasn't empty like it was for Tessie. You see rather than allowing McDonogh to be integrated, parents pulled their kids out of the school leaving only Tessie. And two other little black girls, Gail Etienne and Leona Tate. Était? To sit in a classroom with the windows papered over to block snipers from attacking their six year old bodies, tessie passed away six weeks ago and I tell this story to honor her tonight because she she like Ruby Bridges and her friends, Leona and Gale.

Oprah Winfrey: The New Orleans four, they were called, they broke barriers and they paid dearly for it, but it was the grace and guts and courage of women like Tessie, Prevost Williams that paved the way for another young girl who nine years later became part of the second class To integrate the public schools in Berkeley, California.

Oprah Winfrey: And it seems to me that at school and at home. Somebody did a beautiful job of showing this young girl how to challenge the people at the top and empower the people at the bottom. They showed her how to look at the world and see not just what is, but what can be they instilled in her a passion for justice and freedom and the glorious fighting spirit necessary to pursue that passion.

Oprah Winfrey: And soon and very soon soon and very soon, we're going to be teaching our daughters and sons about how this child of an Indian mother and a Jamaican father, two Idealistic energetic immigrants immigrants. How this child grew up to become the? 47th President of the United. States that is the best of America, you know, you know.

Oprah Winfrey: Let me tell you this, this election isn't about us and them, it's about you and me and what we want our futures to look like. There are choices to be made. When we cast our ballot now, there's a certain candidate that says if we just go to the polls this one time that we'll never have to do it again. Well, you know what?

Oprah Winfrey: You're looking at a registered independent who's proud to vote again and again and again, because I'm an American and that's what Americans do. Voting is the best of America. And I have always, since I was eligible to vote, I've always voted my values and that is what is needed in this election now more than ever.

Oprah Winfrey: So I'm calling on all you independents and all you undecideds, you know, this is true. You know, I'm telling you the truth that values and character matter, most of all in leadership and in life and more than anything, you know, this is true that decency --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]