Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-1-hour-6-chicago-august-19-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Ashley Biden: -- jump into his arms like magic mom brought out a cake, they sang Happy Birthday and I blew out the candles, dad hugged me and he said that he had to get back to work. He crossed to the south bound train and off. He went to DC. That was a snapshot of one moment of one day on this extraordinary journey of being Joe Biden's daughter.

Ashley Biden: Joe Biden is the OG girl, dad, he told me I could be anything and I could do anything as a child. I would sit on the leather chair in his office, doing my homework and he would sit next to me doing his work, drafting the Violence Against Women Act and he wasn't just a girl, dad, I could see and he wasn't just a girl, dad.

Ashley Biden: I could see that he valued and trusted women, how he listened to his mother, how he believed in his sister and most of all how he respected my mother's career. Dad was always there doing everything he could to be a true partner to her dad. You always tell us, but we don't tell you enough that you are the love of our lives and the life of our love.

Ashley Biden: I had my wedding reception in my parents backyard at the time my dad was Vice President, but he was also that dad who literally set up the entire reception. He was riding around in his John Deere, four Wheeler, fixing the place settings, arranging the plants. And by the way he was very emotional. I thought that I would be a mess, but he was the one crying and I was the one who had to comfort him before he walked me down the aisle.

Ashley Biden: He turned to me and said that he would always be my best friend all these years later. Dad, you are still my best friend. His example in service inspired my career, I'm a social worker in Philadelphia. I support formerly incarcerated women as they heal from past trauma and they reclaim their lives. Dad always told me that I was no better than anybody else and nobody was better than me. He taught me that everyone deserves a fair shot and that we shouldn't leave anyone behind.

Ashley Biden: That's what you learn from a fighter who has been underestimated his entire life. When I look at dad, I see grace strength and humility. I see one of the most consequential leaders ever in history and I also know that he never stops thinking about you about your dreams, about your dignity, about your opportunities, about your family.

Ashley Biden: Dad knows that family is everything when Hunter and I lost our brother Beau to cancer in 2015. The grief and the pain felt like it might never end. Dad had the capacity to step out of his own pain and absorb ours and I know that Beau is here with us tonight as he is always with us. After Beau passed, I got this tattoo on my wrist.

Ashley Biden: It says courage, dear heart, a reminder to myself, to keep going to get back up like my dad has always done. He has taught me that a courageous heart is a miraculous thing. A courageous heart can heal a family, a courageous heart can heal a nation and maybe even the world. And now this election requires the courageous hearts of all of us. In 2020, My dad selected Kamala Harris to beat Donald Trump.

Ashley Biden: And he knows in 2024 she will beat Donald Trump again. So tonight I am asking you if you stood with us in 2020 Call upon your courageous heart stand with us today work harder than you have ever worked before in your life. This is the fight of our lifetime, our freedom, our democracy, our reproductive rights.

Ashley Biden: All of this, all of it is on the ballot and I know together we can do this because my dad helped show us the way. And now I would like to introduce my father, your 46th President of the United States. Joe Biden.

Note: [Music is played]

Joe Biden: Thank you. I'm so glad. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's my boy. Thank you and thank you. [Biden repeats "Thank you" and "I love you" several more times.] Thank you. Thank you for so I tell you what to my dearest, daughter, Ashley, god love you. You're incredible. Thank you for that introduction and for being my courageous heart along with Hunter and our entire family and especially our rock jill, who is those of you who know us, she still leaves me both breathless and speechless.

Joe Biden: Everybody knows her, I love her more than she loves me. She walks down the stairs and I still get that going boom, boom, boom, you all will know me, know, I'm not kidding. Let's give a special round of applause to our First Lady Jill Biden. My dad and my dad used to have an expression for real. He'd say Joey family is the beginning, the middle and the end.

Joe Biden: And I love you all folks and America I love you. Folks, let me ask you something, let me ask you. Are you ready to vote for freedom? Are you ready to vote for democracy? And for America? Let me ask you, are you ready to elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz President, Vice President, United States. My fellow Democrats, my fellow Americans nearly four years ago in winter on the steps of the Capitol on a cold January day, I raised my right hand and I swore an oath to you and to God to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution and to faithfully execute.

Joe Biden: The office of the President of the United States. In front of me in front of me was a city surrounded by the National Guard behind me, a Capitol, just two weeks before had been overrun by a violent mob. But I knew then from the bottom of my heart that I knew now there is no place in America for political violence, none you cannot say, you love your country only when you win.

Joe Biden: And that moment I wasn't looking to the past, I was looking to the future. I spoke with the work at hand. The moment we had to meet. It was as I told you then a winter of peril and possibility of peril and possibility. We're in the grip of a once in a century pandemic historic joblessness a call for racial justice.

Joe Biden: Long overdue clear and present threats to our very democracy. Thank you. I believe then and I believe now that progress was and is possible, justice is achievable and our best days are not behind us there before us. Now it's summer. The winter is past and with a grateful heart. I stand before you now on this August night to report that democracy has prevailed, democracy.

Joe Biden: Democracy has delivered and now democracy must be preserved. You've heard me say it before. We're facing an inflection point, one of those rare moments in history when the decisions we make now will determine the fate of our nation and the world for decades to come. That's not hyperbole. I mean it literally.

Joe Biden: We're in a battle for the very soul of America. I ran for President in 2020 because of what I saw in Charlottesville in August of 2017, Extremists coming out of the woods carrying torches, their There veins bulging from their necks carrying Nazi, swastikas and chanting. The same exact anti-Semitic bile that was heard in Germany in the early 30s, neo-Nazis white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan.

Joe Biden: So emboldened by a President then in the white House that they saw as an ally, they didn't even bother to wear their hoods. Hate was on the march. In America, old ghosts and new garments stirring up the oldest divisions, stoking the oldest fears giving oxygen to the oldest forces that they'd long sought to tear apart America and the process a young woman was killed when I contacted her mother, I asked about what happened.

Joe Biden: She told me when the President was asked what he thought had happened. Donald Trump said and I quote, there are very fine people on both sides. My God, that's what he said, that is what he said and what he meant. That's when I realized I had to listen to the admonition to my dead son. I could not stay on the sidelines.

Joe Biden: So I ran because I had no intention of running again. I just lost part of my soul, but I ran with a deep conviction in America. I know and believe in an America where honesty, dignity decency still matter. And America, where everyone has a fair shot and hate, has no safe harbor. An America where the fundamental creed of this nation that all of us are created equal is still very much alive and a broad coalition of Americans joined with me 81 million voters voted for us more than any time in all of history because of all of you in this room and Others, we came together in 2020 to save democracy.

Joe Biden: As your President, I've been determined to keep America moving forward, not going back to stand against hate and violence in all its forms to be a nation where we not only live with but thrive on diversity demonizing no one leaving no one behind and becoming the nation That we profess to be -- I also ran to rebuild the backbone of America, the middle class, I made a commitment to you that I be a President for all Americans, whether you voted for me or not, we have done that studies show the major bills.

Joe Biden: We have passed actually delivered more to red states than blue because the job of the President is to deliver to all of America. Because of you and I'm not exaggerating because of you, we've had one of the most extraordinary four years of progress ever period. When I say we, I mean Kamala and me just think about it, COVID no longer controls our lives.

Joe Biden: We've gone from economic crisis to the strongest economy in the entire world. Records, 16 million new jobs, record small business growth, record high stock market, record high 401, s. Wages up and inflation down way down and continuing to go down the smallest racial wealth gap in 20 years. And yes, we both know we have more to do, but we're moving in the right direction.

Joe Biden: More Americans have peace of mind that comes from having health insurance. More Americans have health insurance today than ever before in American history and after as a young Senator beginning to fight, beginning to fight for 50 years to give Medicare the power to negotiate lower prescription drug prices.

Joe Biden: We finally beat Big Pharma and guess who cast the tie. Breaking vote. Vice President, soon to be President Kamala Harris and now it's the law of the land instead of paying $400 a month for insulin and seniors with diabetes will pay $35 a month. The law we passed already includes starting in January every seniors total prescription costs can be capped at $2,000, no matter how expensive the drugs they have.

Joe Biden: And what we don't focus on and our Republican friends don't seem to understand our reforms don't just save seniors money. They save the American taxpayers money. You know what we just passed saved. It saved $160 billion over the next decade. That's not hyperbole, it's because Medicare no longer has to pay those exorbitant prices to the Big Pharma.

Joe Biden: But look, well thank you Kamala too. Look folks, how can we have the strongest economy in the world without the best infrastructure in the world. Donald Trump promised Infrastructure Week every week for four years and he never built a damn thing. But now because of Kamala I have done, remember we were told we couldn't get it done.

Joe Biden: Remember when we came into office, we couldn't get anything passed, but right now we're giving America an infrastructure decade, not week. We're modernizing our roads, our bridges, our ports, our airports, our trains, our busses, removing every lead pipe from schools and homes. So every child can drink clean water.

Joe Biden: We're providing affordable high speed internet for every American no matter where they live unlike not unlike what Roosevelt did with electricity and so much more. We are uniting the country, we're growing our economy, we're improving our quality of life and we're building a better America because that's who we are.

Joe Biden: How can we be the strongest nation in the world without leading the world in science and technology. After years of importing 90 % of our semiconductor chips from abroad, which America invented that those chips are chips and Science act meant the private companies from around the world are now investing literally tens of billions of dollars to build new chip factories right here in America.

Joe Biden: And over that period, they'll create tens of thousands of jobs. And many of those jobs in the so-called fabs, the buildings that make the chips are being constructed now and guess what The average salary in those fabs size of a football field will be over $100,000 a year and you don't need a college degree.

Joe Biden: Because of you and so many electeds out there, american manufacturing is back where the hell to say we wouldn't lead the world in manufacturing 800,000 new manufacturing jobs. Our Republican friends and others made sure they'd go abroad to get the cheapest labor we used to import products. And export jobs?

Joe Biden: Now we export American products and create American jobs right here in America where jobs belong with every new job with every new factory pride and hope is being brought back to communities throughout the country that were left behind. You know, you're from and many of you, you know what it's like when that factory closed or your mother, your father, your grandmother or grandfather worked and now you're back providing once again proving that Wall Street didn't build America.

Joe Biden: The middle class built America and unions unions built the middle class. It's been my view since I came to the Senate and that's why I'm proud to have been the first President to walk a picket line and be labeled the most pro-union President in history and I accept it. That's a fact. Because when unions do well, we all do well.

Joe Biden: You can go. You got it, man, you got it. I agree. I'm proud. Look, remember we told we couldn't get anything done because the -- we couldn't get anything done in the Congress. But with your support, we passed the most significant climate law in the history of mankind. There are $370 billion cutting carbon emissions in half by 2030, Launching a climate corps similar to AmeriCorps and Peace Corps, creating tens of thousands of jobs for young people in the future who are going to make sure this continues.

Joe Biden: Creating hundreds of thousands of jobs and clean energy for American workers, including the IBEW installing 500,000, 500,000 charging stations all across America and in the process reducing carbon emissions. And we're seeing it, we're seeing to it that the first beneficiaries of environmental initiatives are those fenceline communities that have been smothered by the legacy of pollution in Louisiana and Delaware Route nine.

Joe Biden: All the factories, all those chemical factories are right next to the poorest neighborhoods. They're the ones we're going to bring back and how -- how can we be the greatest nation in the world without the best education system in the world. Donald Trump and the Republican friends that not only can't think they can't read very well.

Joe Biden: Seriously, think about it, look at their project 2025, They want to do away with the Department of Education well during the pandemic Kamala and I helped states and cities get back their schools back open and we gave public school teachers a raise. We created apprenticeships with businesses and communities, putting students on a path to a good paying job whether or not they go to college.

Joe Biden: And by the way, we're making college a hell of a lot more affordable, increasing Pell Grants by $900, Over $15 billion for Bcu's minority serving section included Hispanic institutions and tribal colleges. We kept our commitment to provide more student relief than ever by lifting the burden of helping millions of families so they can get married, start a family, buy a home and begin to build family wealth and contribute to the community and grow our economy.

Joe Biden: It's not costing us, it's creating more wealth. We fundamentally transformed how our transformed -- how our economy grows from the middle out and the bottom up instead of the top down. You know my dad used to say there wasn't a whole hell of a lot to drop down on my kitchen table at the end of the month.

Joe Biden: I come from a basic middle class family, a three bedroom house, four kids and grandpop living with us decent neighborhood. But never a penny to spare. And look that top down notion never worked, a lot of Democrats, didn't think it worked, thought it worked, but it doesn't. And what we did all that, what we've done, everybody can do well.

Joe Biden: Everybody, donald Trump calls America a failing nation, no, I'm serious. But think about this, think about this, he publicly says to the whole world, I'm going to say something outrageous. I know more foreign leaders by their first names and know them well than anybody alive just because I'm so damn old.

Joe Biden: But I'm not joking. Think of the message he sends around the world when he talks about America being a failing nation, he says we're losing. He's the loser, he's dead wrong. Many of you are very successful. People who travel the world. Name me, a country in the world that doesn't think we're the leading nation in the world without America, not a joke.

Joe Biden: Think about it. I'm being literal who could lead the world other than the United States of America. Well, guess what America is winning and the world is better off for it. America is more prosperous and America are safer today than they were under Donald Trump. Trump continues to lie about crime in America like everything else, guess what On his watch the murder rate went up 30 %, the biggest increase in history.

Joe Biden: Meanwhile we made the largest investment commonly in public safety ever now. The murder rate is falling faster than at any time in history. Violent crime has dropped to the lowest level in more than 50 years and crime will keep coming down. When we put a prosecutor in the Oval Office instead of a convicted, felon and folks the distinguished Senator from the sea Senator from California and I passed the first ban on assault weapons and guess what It worked.

Joe Biden: If we care about public safety, we need to prevent gun violence and what makes me ashamed When I travel the world, which I do more children in America are killed by a gunshot than any other cause in the United States. More die from a bullet than cancer accidents or anything else in the United States of America, my God, that's why Kamala and I are proud.

Joe Biden: We beat the NRA When we passed the first major bipartisan gun safety law in 30 years. I'm serious that comes from here and now it's time to ban assault weapons again. And demand universal background checks, it's hard, I never thought I'd stand before a crowd of Democrats and refer to a President as a liar.

Joe Biden: So many times now I'm not trying to be funny. It's sad. Trump continues to lie about the border. Here's what he won't tell you. Trump killed the strongest bipartisan border deal in the history of the United States that we negotiated with the Senate. Republicans took four months, four weeks once it passed and never acknowledged those expansive border changes in American history.

Joe Biden: He called Senators to say don't support the bipartisan bill because he said it would help me politically and hurt him politically. My God. No, I'm serious. Think about it, not a joke. Ask even the press who doesn't like me, They'll tell you that's true. Typically Trump once again putting himself first and America last then I had to take executive action.

Joe Biden: The result of the executive action I took border encounters have dropped over 50 %. In fact, there are fewer border crossings today than when Donald Trump left office. And unlike Trump, we will not demonize immigrants saying they're the poison, the blood of America, poison the blood of our country. Kamala and I are committed to strengthening legal immigration, including protecting dreamers and more.

Joe Biden: And here's what else I believe, in protecting your freedom, your freedom to vote. Your freedom to love who you love and your freedom to choose its decision overturning Roe v Wade. As you heard earlier tonight, the United States Supreme Court majority wrote the following quote. Women are now without electrical without not allowed, not without electoral, electoral or political power.

Joe Biden: No kidding MAGA Republicans found out the power of women in 2022 And Donald Trump is going to find out the power of women in 2024. Watch and wear Trump as MAGA Republican right wingers seek to erase history. We Democrats who continue to write history and make more history. I'm proud I'm proud to have kept my commitment to appoint the first black woman in the United States Supreme Court.

Joe Biden: Ketanji Brown Jackson, a symbol for every young woman in America that you can do anything. I'm proud that I've kept my commitment to having an administration that looks like America and that taps in to the full talent of our nation. The most diverse His cabinet in history including the first black woman of South Asian descent to serve as Vice President.

Joe Biden: And will soon serve as the 47th President of the United States. She is good. Look. Thank you. Thank you, Kamala. Thank you folks. I've long said we have many obligations as a nation, but I got in trouble years ago for saying I'd make no apologies. We have only one truly sacred obligation to prepare and equip those we send to war and care for them and their families when they come home and when they don't. That's why I was so proud to have written and signed the Pact act.

Joe Biden: One of the most significant laws ever helping veterans and their families exposed to toxic materials like burn pits and Agent Orange. I was around during the Vietnam War. It's hard nobody was able to prove that their illness was the consequence of Agent Orange. And no one was able to prove initially that because they lived in burn pits like my son, lived next to in Iraq for a year that it was the cause of their illness.

Joe Biden: But because of the Pact act, a surviving spouse with two children is now eligible for a stipend of about $3,000 a month. And those children who lost a parent are eligible for tuition benefits to go to college and to get job training. It's already helping over 1 million veterans and their families just so far.

Joe Biden: Well, I love them and I'm so proud of my son's service. We get it but guess who doesn't get it and doesn't respect our veterans. We know from his own chief of staff, a four star general John Kelly that Trump went in. Europe would not go to the grave sites and one of the France, the Brave service members who gave their lives to this country, he called them suckers and losers.

Joe Biden: Who in the hell does he think he is, Who does he think he is? There's no words for a person. They are not the words of a person not worthy of being commander in chief period, not then not now and not ever. I mean that -- I mean that from the bottom of my heart, just as no Commander in chief should ever bow down to a dictator the way Trump bows down to Putin.

Joe Biden: I never have and I promise you Kamala Harris will never do it. We'll never bow down when Trump left office Europe and NATO was in tatters, not a joke. America First doctrine changed our whole image in the world. Well, I spent -- they gave the hours about 190 hours sum total of my counterparts or heads of state in Europe to strengthen NATO.

Joe Biden: We did. We united Europe like it hadn't been united for years, adding Finland and Sweden to NATO Ten days before he died. Henry Kissinger called and said not since not since Napoleon. Has Europe not looked over their shoulder at Russia with dread until now until now? Well, guess what Putin thought he'd take Kiev in three days?

Joe Biden: Three years later, Ukraine is still free. When I came to office, the conventional wisdom was that China would inevitably surpass the United States. If you haven't noticed, no one's saying that now. And we'll keep working to bring hostages home and end the war in Gaza and bring peace and security to the Middle East.

Joe Biden: As you know, I wrote a peace treaty for Gaza a few days ago. I put forward a proposal that brought us closer to doing that than we've done since October 7th. We're working around the clock my Secretary of state to prevent a wider war and reunite hostages with their families and surge humanitarian health and food assistance into Gaza.

Joe Biden: Now in a civilian suffering of the Palestinian people and finally finally finally deliver a cease fire and end this war, both those protesters out in the street. They have a point, a lot of innocent people are being killed and both sides, jesse, we worked around the clock to bring home wrongfully, detained Americans and others from Russia and one of the most complicated swaps in history.

Joe Biden: But their home commonly going to keep working to bring all Americans wrongfully detained around the world home, I mean it folks, I've got five months left in my presidency, I've got a lot to do. I intend to get it done. It's been the honor of my lifetime to serve as your President. I love the job, but I love my country more.

Joe Biden: I love my country more with all this talk about how I'm angry with all those people who said I should step down. That's not true. I love my country more and we need to preserve our democracy in 2024. We need you to vote. We need you to keep the Senate, we need you to win back the House of Representatives.

Joe Biden: And above all, we need you to beat Donald Trump and elect Kamala and Tim President and Vice President of the United States of America. Look, they'll continue to lead America forward, creating more jobs standing up for workers growing the economy, lower the cost of American families. So they just have a little more breathing room.

Joe Biden: We've made incredible progress progress, but we have more work to do and Kamala and Tim will continue to take on corporate greed and bring down cost of food. They'll keep taking on big Pharma making insulin $35 a month, not just for seniors, but for everyone in America and capping prescription drug costs at a total of $2,000, not just for seniors but for everyone.

Joe Biden: And folks that's going to save America again tens of billions of dollars, folks, they'll make housing more affordable, building 3 million new homes, providing $25,000 down payment assistance for the first time homebuyer more than the ten we approved. Donald Trump wants a new tax on imported goods, food, gas, clothing and more.

Joe Biden: You know what that will cost the average family according to the experts, $3,900 a year in a tax, no, it's a fact cumberland, Tim will make the child care tax credit, a permanent lifting, millions of children out of poverty and helping millions of families get ahead. But you know what Trump has he put the -- he created the largest debt, any President has had in four years with his $2 trillion tax cut for the wealthy.

Joe Biden: Well Trump has a new plan, he wants to provide a $5 billion tax cut for corporations and the very wealthy put it rate. It put us further in debt and folks, you know we have 1000 trillion, we have a thousand billionaires in America. You know what Their average tax rate, they pay 8.2 %. If we just increase our taxes, we proposed to 25 %, which is in the highest tax rate.

Joe Biden: Even it would raise $500 billion over ten years. They'd still be very wealthy. Look, Kamala and Tim are going to make them pay their fair share. They'll protect Social Security and Medicare trump wants to cut Social Security, medicare Kamala and Tim will protect your freedom. They'll protect your vote, your right to vote the protect your civil rights.

Joe Biden: And you know Trump will do everything to ban abortion nationwide, oh he will, you know Kamala and Tim will do everything they possibly can. That's why you have to elect a Senate and House to restore Roe v. Wade, the ancient Greeks taught us that character is destiny, character is destiny for me and Jill?

Joe Biden: We know Kamala and Doug are people of character. It's been our honor to serve alongside them and we know that Tim and Gwen Walz are also people of great character selecting Kamala was the very first decision I made before I became when I became our nominee and it was the best decision I made my whole Career?

Joe Biden: We've not only gotten to know each other, we've become close friends, she's tough, she's experienced and she has enormous integrity, enormous integrity. Her story represents the best American story and like many of our best Presidents, she was also Vice President. That's a joke, but she'll be a President our children can look up to. She'll be a President respected by world leaders because she already is. She'll be a President we can all be proud of and she will be an historic President who puts her stamp on America's future.

Joe Biden: This will be the first Presidential election since January 6th. On that day, we almost lost everything about who we are as a country and that threat. This is not hyperbole, that threat is still very much alive. Donald Trump says he will refuse to accept the election result. If he loses again, think about that.

Joe Biden: He means it think about that he's promising a bloodbath if he loses in his words and that he'll be a dictator on day one in his own words. By the way, this sucker means it. No, I'm not joking. Think about it. Anybody else said that in the past you'd think he was crazy, he is crazy, but you'd think it was an exaggeration?

Joe Biden: But he means it we can't let that happen. Folks all of us carry a special obligation independents, Republicans, Democrats, we saved democracy in 2020 and now we must save it again in 2024. The vote of each of us cast this year will determine whether democracy and freedom will prevail. It's that simple. It's that serious and the power is literally in your hands.

Joe Biden: History is in your hands, not hyperbole, it's in your hands. America's future is in your hands. Let me close with this. Nowhere else in the world could a kid with a stutter and modest beginnings in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Claymont Delaware, grow up to sit behind the resolute desk in the Oval Office. That that's because America is and always has been a nation of possibilities, possibilities.

Joe Biden: We must never lose that, never Kamala and Tim understand that this nation must continue to be a place of possibilities, not just for the few of us, but for all of us. Join me in promising your whole heart to this effort. And when my heart will be, I promise I'll be the best volunteer harrison Walsh has cam have ever seen.

Joe Biden: Each of us has a part in the American story for me and my family. There's a song that means a lot to us. It captures the best of who we are as a nation. The song is called American Anthem. There's one verse that stands out and I can't sing worth a damn, so I'm not going to try. I'll just quote it, the work and prayers of centuries have brought us to this day, what shall our legacy or legacy be? What will our children say?

Joe Biden: Let me know in my heart when my days are through America America, I gave my best to you. I made -- I made a lot of mistakes in my career, but I gave my best to you for 50 years. Like many of you, I've given my heart and soul to our nation and I've been blessed a million times to return with the support of the American people.

Joe Biden: I've either been the too young to be in the Senate because I wasn't 30 yet and too old to stay as President. But I hope you know how grateful I am to all of you. I can honestly say and I mean this from the bottom give you my word. As a Biden, I can honestly say I'm more optimistic about the future than I was when I was elected as a 29 year old United States Senator.

Joe Biden: I mean it folks, we just have to remember who we are. We're the United States of America and there's nothing we cannot do when we do it together. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you.

Note: [Music is played.]

Unidentified: Please stand if you are able for this evening's benediction offered by Rabbi Michael Beals and Pastor Cindy Rudolph.

Michael Beals: Tonight's convention theme for the people here at the Inclusive Bridge building messages and policies, the Democratic Party will require to succeed not only in November, but long after that. No prayer better unites Jews, Christians, Muslims and others of faith along with Democrats, Republicans, independents and undecideds that the threefold priestly benediction presented in the Bible.

Michael Beals: It is divided into three in order to shower the following blessings of gratitude Hoda'ah upon my fellow Delawarean President Joe Biden for more than 50 years of selfless effective public service, joy Simha in public discourse and policy. Encouraged by Governor Tim Walz and light or combined with freedom inspired by Vice President Kamala Harris's vision for America, please respond in unity with a heartfelt amen after each of these three ancient Hebrew benedictions.

Note: [Hebrew is spoken]

Michael Beals: May God bless you and protect you, Amen. May God turn toward you and grant you that most precious gift, the gift of wholeness and the gift of peace and let us say a heartfelt amen.

Cindy Rudolph: Most gracious, kind and loving God, we thank you for this tremendous gathering of people invested in our nation's progress. Lord, as we look upon our leadership, we see what you require of us to do justice like the justice Vice President Harris has championed her entire career to love mercy. Like the mercy Governor Walz has modeled as a lifelong public servant and educator.

Cindy Rudolph: And to walk humbly like the humility, President Biden has embodied with decades of outstanding servant leadership o God. As we strive to work for the people, we pray you will unite our nation help us to choose hope over hostility compassion over callousness and liberty over tyranny. We recognize that we are living through paradoxical times.

Cindy Rudolph: Times that are precarious, yet promising, but through God who gives us beauty for ashes. All things are possible. Lord bless the work of our hands until the weak and meek become purposeful and powerful and until the marginalized and disenfranchized become energized and mobilized, inspire us to stand with our fellow Americans.

Cindy Rudolph: So this nation will be a light that shines for you in the name of our loving and redeeming God, we pray amen.

Peggy Flanagan: Of the night, one of the Democratic National Convention has officially come to an end. What an incredible day. Thank you, President Biden from the bottom of my heart. You have restored the soul of our nation. You have given us all hope. The chair will now entertain a motion to recess our convention until Tuesday, August 20th at 6 p.m. Is there a second?

Peggy Flanagan: All in favor, Please signify by saying aye. Opposed? The ayes have it. We'll see you tomorrow night, everybody.