Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-3-hour-2-chicago-august-21-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Debbie Wasserman Schultz: -- every day from the classroom to the emergency room, Governor DeSantis turned Florida into a testing ground for the right's most egregious dangerous policies I can tell you firsthand, it's been devastating for families in my district and across the state today.

Debbie Wasserman Schultz: In Florida, state policy requires that kids are taught racist lies about so-called benefits of slavery. Books are banned, teachers are censored and our LGBTQ+ community endures.

Debbie Wasserman Schultz: Endless state sponsored hate even a cruel don't say gay school law today in Florida as we grapple with record record heat and rising seas, extreme MAGA Republicans deleted mentions of climate change from state law. Today. In Florida, a near-total abortion ban endangers women's health and their lives every day.

Debbie Wasserman Schultz: I keep thinking about a Central Florida woman I met named Deborah and at 23 weeks pregnant, she got news every future, parent dreads her baby's kidneys. Never developed. Doctors told her that not only would her baby not survive her own health was in danger. Deborah couldn't get the care she needed in Florida and she couldn't afford to travel hundreds of miles to get it. She had no choice but to carry her son Milo to term only to watch him die in her arms two hours later.

Debbie Wasserman Schultz: This is project 2025 In practice. It's what Donald Trump and JD Vance want for the whole country. But we're not going to let it happen. Are we Now I say this as a Floridian, but also a mom and an American. We can't let them do to America. What they did to Florida are you with me? So let's fight like hell to elect Kamala Harris the next President of the United States of America. Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Please welcome chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, Susan DelBene.

Suzan DelBene: Hello Democrats, it is my honor to represent the great state of Washington and to lead the house Democrats work to take back the majority. As I travel the country. I hear the same thing. People want governance that works. They don't want tax cuts for the ultra wealthy, not a national abortion ban or more chaos and dysfunction or blind loyalty to Trump.

Suzan DelBene: In other words, they don't want Republicans in charge. We're here because we need to elect Vice President, Harris and Governor Walz and giving them a Democratic Congress is how we turn promises into progress.

Suzan DelBene: A Democratic majority means lowering costs and growing the middle class, expanding the child tax credit and making it permanent protecting reproductive freedom. And yes, a Democratic House means Speaker. Jeffries will certify the 2024 election.

Suzan DelBene: We need just four more seats to take back the majority. The good news is we have fantastic candidates in winnable districts all across the country in battleground states like Michigan and Arizona in blue states like New York and California and even in states like Iowa and Nebraska. And we're going to make history by picking up a seat in the state.

Suzan DelBene: Where I was born in Alabama in 2022, we came within 7,000 votes of the majority. So it's within our power to win these critical races. This election is about our rights, our freedoms, our democracy and our future. So let's get out the vote. Let's take back the House. Let's make Hakeem Jeffries our next speaker.

Suzan DelBene: And let's send Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to the White House. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome, Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison.

Keith Ellison: Friends, I'll never forget when I first saw the video of the murder of George Floyd, I was heartbroken. I was angry and that morning my phone rang and on that line was Governor Tim Walz. Tim Walz felt the exact same way I did in a few days later. Tim appointed me to prosecute Floyd's murder almost a year after that.

Keith Ellison: Minutes after the guilty verdict came down my phone rang again and it was Vice President Kamala Harris calling to congratulate my team and the work. Now Kamala and Tim, they understand the legacy of George Floyd. No one is above the law and no one is beneath it. No one is outside the circle of our compassion.

Keith Ellison: In the Republican Party, everyone thinks they're above the law, hell, nearly a dozen of their own lawyers are facing serious charges. Even their lawyers need lawyers. These con artists are trafficking in the defective goods of division exclusion and fear and friends. Selling defective goods is a scam and like Kamala Harris, I am an attorney general and attorney generals know what a scam is when they see it like my friend Tish James, for example from New York.

Keith Ellison: America, we won't be scammed again, we're not going back. We are going forward and Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are ready to lead us there. I've worked side by side with Tim Walz for 18 years. His office is right across the hall from mine and I've seen him deliver for the people of the state of Minnesota every day.

Keith Ellison: Everybody knows Minnesota is one of the best states to live in to raise a family to do business and we've got the best voter turnout in America, facts, kamala and Tim, they fight for the people and they also listen. And when they say we need a ceasefire and an end to the loss of innocent lives in Gaza and to bring hostages home their listening friends, they agree with us. There are people watching tonight and maybe even here tonight who aren't sure yet about Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Keith Ellison: If you want to know where they stand on some of the most urgent issues facing our country and the world, let me assure you Kamala and Tim hear you, they listen, they care and everyone is included in their circle of compassion. They believe that everybody counts and everybody matters. Let's put a stop to the scam of Donald Trump once and for all.

Keith Ellison: And let's put Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the white House. Let's go win.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Have you ever discussed Special Counsel Mueller or his investigation with anyone, Uh! Well. Um? Uh, um, well, could you repeat that question? Has the President or anyone at the white House ever asked or suggested that you open an investigation of anyone? Yes or no, Please, sir, seems you'd remember something like that, I don't know.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know, I don't know. Please answer the question. I think I've answered the question. No, you've not. I'm not able to be rushed this fast. It makes me nervous, nervous, Nervous.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Can you think of any laws that give government the power to make decisions about the male body? Uh, Um, Um, I'm not a -- I'm not a thinking of any right now or not. In my never mind, uh, let's move on, okay?

Unidentified: Please welcome Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel.

Dana Nessel: Hello, Chicago, I'm Michigan attorney general, Dana Nessel. Let me tell you being attorney general is a tough job, right? But as California's attorney general Kamala Harris never shied away from a good fight. She's held accountable, environmental, polluters, sexual abusers and transnational gangs. But what really stands out is when she stood up and protected her constituents freedoms.

Dana Nessel: In 2011, she refused to defend California's ban on same sex marriage. She refused to argue that some families should have fewer rights than other families. It meant a lot she was fighting for families like mine. Now in 2022, I faced a similar situation when after Roe v Wade was overturned, Michigan's archaic abortion ban was resurrected.

Dana Nessel: But Vice President Harris had my back and she reminded me that protecting people's lives and defending their rights is our job and just as the same sex marriage ban was overturned in California, so too was the abortion ban in Michigan.

Dana Nessel: By the way, I got a message for the Republicans and the justices of the United States Supreme Court, you can pry this wedding band from my cold, dead gay hand and I'm retaining a lot of water. So good luck with that. Look, I know that whether she's attorney general or President of the United States, Kamala Harris will always be in our corner.

Dana Nessel: Now America, you get to be the judge, do we go back to the corruption, criminality and chaos of Donald Trump or do we move forward with Kamala Harris? We know when she takes an oath to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution. She's actually read it. We know that she will appoint Supreme Court justices who will protect our freedoms.

Dana Nessel: And let me tell you, Kamala knows you go from the courthouse to the white House, not the other way around. Ladies and gentlemen, I rest my case.

Cory Booker: I just want to say thank you, Attorney General Nessel. So coming up, we have Jon and Rachel proud loving parents of three on October 7th, their son Hersh, a U.S. citizen was at a music festival. When Hamas attacked, he was taken hostage and he is still being held today. An American citizen, rachel and John wants what every parent wants to hold their child close to love on them and keep them safe.

Cory Booker: I'm honored to introduce the two of them tonight.

Rachel Goldberg: At this moment, 109 treasured human beings are being held hostage by Hamas in Gaza. They are Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists. They are from 23 different countries. The youngest hostage is a one year old red headed baby boy and the oldest is an 86 year old mustachioed grandpa. Among the hostages are eight American citizens.

Rachel Goldberg: One of those Americans is our only son, his name is Hersh. He's 23 years old and like Vice President Kamala. Harris hersh was born in Oakland. California hersh is a happy go lucky, laid back, good humored, respectful and curious person, he is a civilian, he loves soccer is wild about music and music festivals and he has been obsessed with geography and travel since he was a little boy.

Rachel Goldberg: His bedroom overflows with atlases globes maps and National Geographic magazines. On October 7th, Hersh and his best friend Into honor went to a music festival in the south of Israel. It was advertised as celebrating peace love and unity. They also went to celebrate Hirsch's 23rd birthday as rockets began to fall Hirsch honor and 27 other young festival goers took refuge in a five foot by eight foot bomb shelter.

Rachel Goldberg: Terrorists began to throw grenades into the shelter honor stood in the doorway and repelled seven of those grenades before the eighth one killed him. Altogether at the Nova music Festival, 367 young music lovers were killed. This was just one of the many attacks on neighborhoods and communities. In southern Israel on that terrible day.

Rachel Goldberg: In total, 1200 were killed including 45 Americans. Hersh's left forearm. His dominant arm was blown off before he was loaded onto a pickup truck and stolen from his life and me and John into Gaza, and that was 320 days ago. Since then we live on another planet. Anyone who is a parent or has had a parent can try to imagine the anguish and misery that John and I and all the hostage families are enduring.

Jon Polin: Rachel and I are comforted to be back in our sweet home Chicago, we were both born and raised here and our families still live here. This is a political convention but needing our only son and all of the cherished hostages home is not a political issue. It is, it is a humanitarian issue, the families.

Jon Polin: The families of the American hostages meet every few weeks in Washington. We're heartened that both Democratic and Republican leaders demonstrate their bipartisan support for our hostages being released. We've met with President Biden and Vice President Harris numerous times at the white House. They're both working tirelessly for a hostage and ceasefire deal that will bring our precious children, mothers, fathers, spouses.

Jon Polin: Grandparents and grandchildren home and will stop the despair in Gaza. We are all deeply grateful to them. We're also profoundly thankful to you the millions of people in the United States and all over the world who have been sending love, support and strength to the hostage families. You've kept us breathing in a world without air.

Jon Polin: There is a surplus of agony on all sides of the tragic conflict in the Middle East in a competition of pain. There are no winners in our Jewish tradition. We say Kol, Adam olam, umlilo every person is an entire universe. We must save all these universes in an inflamed Middle East. We know the one thing that can most immediately release pressure and bring calm to the entire region.

Jon Polin: A deal that brings this diverse group of 109 hostages home and ends the suffering of the innocent civilians in Gaza. The time is now hirsch, hirsch if you can hear us, we love you stay strong, survive bring them home.

Cory Booker: Now some of you may have the wrong impression that I'm about to sing with this man. That ain't going to happen. But I'll tell you what, I want to bring you all to a street in Newark, new Jersey called Martin Luther King Boulevard on that street. Was this incredible housing project called Brick Towers, we never mistake wealth with worth.

Cory Booker: In those towers was a tenant President named Miss Virginia Jones. Her son was murdered in the 1980s in the lobby of one of those buildings, but she was a woman of invincible joy and I'll tell you this, I used to ask her how are you so joyful? And she would always tell me this churchwoman, she'd say the joy I have.

Cory Booker: The world didn't give it to me come on now come on now she taught me that you've got to generate the joy that hope is the active conviction that despair will never have the last word. And so tonight there are so many challenges in our nation. There are so many problems that we're facing, heck, if America hasn't broken your heart, you don't love her enough.

Cory Booker: But yet we will be joyful warriors, we are going to bring back to the journey of our nation joy and if there's any tradition in America that has helped us to generate that joy, it has been the artists of America. It has been those folks bringing the rock n roll and the funk bringing the gospel and the hard rock.

Cory Booker: Well, tonight, we are blessed by one of those great American artists that helps us to cleanse our spirits to raise our hearts and to bring in that joy. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you one of the true greats in America, someone to bring the joy to this incredible arena, Maren Morris.

Note: [Maren Morris performs music.]

Maren Morris: Can we leave this world better than we found it America?

Cory Booker: All right, all right. You know what I'm inspired, maybe I will sing a song to Donald Trump a little B.B King classic. The thrill is gone. I want you all to know tonight is about joy american history. Our common history is a testimony to taking on the insurmountable and achieving the impossible that should bring us joy.

Cory Booker: Our progress never ever came easy, but in America we do hard things. We built labor unions and small businesses. We created great public education and world changing innovation. We nurtured the best athletes and artists humanity has ever seen and we kept the promise of Medicare and Social Security for our seniors.

Cory Booker: Look at who we are against bigotry and hate, we advanced equal rights for all Americans civil rights, workers rights, LGBTQ rights, reproductive rights, the right to marry who you love the right to be free. We did all of this in a way that didn't pit American against American. We did this by healing rifts by bridging divides by pulling people together.

Cory Booker: And all the while we in this nation lived up to our calling and our creed to be a more perfect union to make this one nation under God a little more indivisible. Now you all know this trump betrays these ideals, he viciously attacks, Democrats and Republicans. His putdowns know no shame john McCain's military service.

Cory Booker: Nikki Haley's, heritage women, people with disabilities, trans people, our veterans, he is indiscriminate in his putdowns his is the politics of smear and fear not inspiration and elevation. Donald Trump speaks more of American carnage than American compassion. But in America you can't lead the people. If you don't love the people.

Cory Booker: All the people now, our nominees, Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz, they bring the joy think about it. They're descendants of immigrants shopkeepers, slaves educators, people who faced pain with perseverance, people who met hate with love. They are the living dreams of their ancestors. But look in this arena.

Cory Booker: Look around you right now, we are all our ancestors wildest dreams generations who faced impossible odds and that responded to every one of their challenges with that classic American creed. Yes, we can.

Cory Booker: So there are doubters out there, there are people that doubt our collective strength. They want to tell us how bad we are. They want to say that they alone can save us well. We know that the power of the people is greater than the people in power and we're not -- we're not going to lose our faith. Look, I want everybody in here to let us all say it together.

Cory Booker: I believe in America, let me hear you. I believe in America, I believe in America because our elders told us that no matter what the obstacle like the gospel says, we shall overcome. I believe in America, because our soldiers died on beaches and battlefields, they died at sea and in the air, so that we could be free today and say together.

Cory Booker: I believe in America, I believe in America because our fighters fought at Stonewall or marchers marched in Selma, delegates met at Seneca Falls every single one of them believed in America, even when America didn't believe in them. Say it. With me now I believe in America because King dared to dream the impossible dream.

Cory Booker: Because Neil Armstrong went to impossible heights and because when we elect Kamala Harris, there is not a boy or a girl in America from any creed, color or heritage that will ever thank being President of the United States is impossible. Again, I Say it with me. I believe in America, the land of hope and heroism.

Cory Booker: I believe in America, the land of courage and compassion I believe in America where we share common ground and common cause and one common destiny. And let me tell you if you believe in America, if you love in America then you will work for America. And when we work together, when we stand together, when we organize together when we vote together.

Cory Booker: I will tell you this when we fight, we win. Ladies and gentlemen, Veronica Escobar.

Veronica Escobar: Buenas noches like countless Texans, I grew up going back and forth across the border from El Paso to Ciudad Juarez. My family would shop have dinner go to the doctor, pick up medicines. The border is my beloved home. The place where my children grew up, forget what you hear on the news. I'm from there.

Veronica Escobar: When it comes to the border, hear me when I say you know nothing Donald Trump, he and his Republican imitators see the border and immigration as a political opportunity to exploit instead of an issue to address. Congress hasn't passed comprehensive immigration reform in nearly four decades. The three times they tried Republicans blocked legislation that would have funded border security and created a more humane immigration system.

Veronica Escobar: They are not serious people, you know who is serious Kamala Harris. I met the Vice President when she visited El Paso. I saw firsthand how she engaged with law enforcement, migrants and human rights advocates. She was curious, she asked questions, she listened and she didn't care. If the cameras were on most of all, she recognized that the situation at the border is complicated as filled with opportunities as it is with challenges.

Veronica Escobar: All Republicans have to offer is demonization and bluster democrats have solutions with Kamala Harris. As President, we can live up to the promise of America. We can strengthen legal pathways to immigration. We can secure our borders and we can treat with dignity those who seek a better future within them.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I have a question for you who really wants a solution at our border?

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Our administration worked on the most significant border security bill in decades. Some of the most conservative Republicans in Washington D.C. supported the bill, even the Border Patrol endorsed it.

Unidentified: [Video clip] And that bill included thousands of new border agents and personnel, new technology that can detect and stop fentanyl more judges and faster asylum processing. For the first time in decades, a chance at a real bipartisan solution.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] But at the last minute, Trump directed his allies in the Senate to vote it down.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] They're blaming it on me. I said that's okay. Please blame it on me, please.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] He tanked tanked the bipartisan deal because he thought it would help him win an election which goes to show Donald Trump does not care about border security. He only cares about himself.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The real difference is:

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I was the attorney general of a border state in that job. I walked underground tunnels between the United States and Mexico on that border with law enforcement officers. I went after transnational, gangs drug cartels and human traffickers that came into our country illegally.

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] I prosecuted them in case after case and I won. So here is my pledge to you as President. I will bring back the border security bill that Donald Trump killed and. I will sign it into law and show Donald Trump what real leadership looks like.

Unidentified: Please welcome Connecticut Senator, Chris Murphy.

Chris Murphy: Everybody, so I just want to let you know, I want to let you know that everything that you just saw in that video, that's exactly what happened. I know because I was the Democratic Senator who negotiated that bill to secure the border with President Biden and President. And Vice President, Harris, I want to tell you this as well.

Chris Murphy: Donald Trump's allies weren't just in the room. They helped us write the whole bill. It was a bipartisan bill. It was a tough bill. $ 20 billion in new border. Security gave the President the emergency power to shut down the border, made compassionate but serious reforms to our asylum system. One Republican said it would have had almost Unanimous support.

Chris Murphy: If it weren't for Donald, Trump Trump killed that bill and he did it because he knew that if we fixed the border, he'd lose his ability to divide us his ability to fan the flames of fear about people who come from different places, right? You guys know this right, Hate and division that's Trump's oxygen, right?

Chris Murphy: People people like Trump and J.D. Vance, they need it to survive in politics. People are saying that they're weird that they're creepy and they are weird. They are creepy. But even worse, they're weak. Kamala Harris is not weak for 20 years. Kamala Harris has been tough as nails when it comes to securing our border.

Chris Murphy: When she was a California prosecutor, she went after drug, smugglers, human traffickers, she put 100 gang members away in a single sweep. Trump says that a safe nation can't be an immigrant nation that's flat, wrong and Kamala. Harris knows it. She knows this too. Engraved on the Statue of Liberty is a poem.

Chris Murphy: The last line reads, I lift my lamp beside the golden door for generations. That lamp has called people to start a brave new life in America, my ancestors, your ancestors and the parents of the next President of the United States of America. Kamala Harris knows that we can be a nation of proud immigrants and a nation of strong immigration laws.

Chris Murphy: That's why when she's President, she will bring that border bill back and Kamala Harris is going to pass it. How do I know this? Because in this race, there is only one candidate who has ever been willing to do the worthy redeeming work of making our country better of recognizing that we do not have to choose between celebrating our heritage and enforcing our laws.

Chris Murphy: Right, The beautiful -- the beautiful thing about America is that we can be both. We can be a nation of immigrants who love their country and a nation with a secure border and there is only one candidate. There is only one candidate who can deliver that vision of America and it's Kamala Harris. Thank you very much Democrats.

Unidentified: Please welcome Bexar County Sheriff Javier Salazar.

Javier Salazar: On the other side of the border, the traffickers they pay, they pack migrants into 18, wheelers like cattle 5100 at a time, then they seal the doors. That's when the 911 calls come. We hear them desperate, terrified gasping for air. Now sometimes we get there in time, sometimes despite our best efforts, we can't. When Donald Trump comes down to Texas, stands next to officers in uniforms just like mine.

Javier Salazar: He's not there to help us, don't think that not for a second. He is a self-serving man. I mean look just like just like when he killed the border bill, he just made our jobs harder. Now Kamala on the other hand has been fighting border crime for years. She's gone down to Mexico and worked to stop the traffickers.

Javier Salazar: And when the traffickers didn't stop, she put him in jail. Now down in my neck of the woods, we call that fooling around and finding out. I may be paraphrasing a bit. We protect now the border sheriffs that I know right. And I -- we're like Kamala. We protect and serve, we enforce the law, we show compassion and we fight like hell to protect our border.

Javier Salazar: Because as with all, we've always known in Texas, cuando estamos ganamos when we fight, we win.

Unidentified: Please welcome California Representative, Pete Aguilar.

Pete Aguilar: I'm Pete Aguilar, chair of the Democratic Caucus for four generations. My family has called California home. I grew up in San Bernardino, A working class community defined by family faith and hard work. These values shared by Latino families across this country are what made my family's American dream possible and only Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will protect the American dream so that every family can earn a living, own a home and reach their full potential.

Pete Aguilar: This is a vision for America that Donald Trump will never understand. All he knows is chaos and division. He talks about tearing American families apart pitting neighbor against neighbor community against community, compare that to what Kamala Harris has done as Vice President, almost half a million people who live here and are married to a U.S. citizen can now apply for lawful permanent residence.

Pete Aguilar: DACA recipients who graduated college have easier access to work visas and we would have much more security at the border. If Donald Trump hadn't tanked the bipartisan bill, folks, we don't have to choose between a secure border and building an America for all under President Harris. We can and will do both.

Pete Aguilar: As a prosecutor, she took on transnational, gangs and cartels as President. She will fight for pathways to Citizenship and I can tell you as the highest ranking Latino in Congress, our community understands the stakes in this election because we believe in the promise of this country. We believe our nation is stronger when we keep families together.

Pete Aguilar: We believe our union is more perfect when dreamers become doctors, teachers, construction workers and military service members. Latinos believe in that American dream and a brighter future one where we secure our border, fix our broken immigration system and unlock economic opportunity for all and together we will win.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Thank you. I don't know why, but I feel like freedom. I'm a Filipino, Japanese doc recipient. I am a third year medical student and I am a DACA recipient. Thanks to DACA, I've been able to open up my own business and represent clients as a lawyer. So many of my dreams came a little bit closer. It is disheartening to know that the court system may end DACA next year and to also hear Donald Trump calling for mass deportations.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It is time that we recognize dreamers for who they are. We are contributors to this great nation. I support Vice President Harris, who has continued to fight for DACA recipients. She was the one who stood with us who sat with us, who heard our stories. We need a future President Harris to ensure that dreamers like me can continue to work and provide for ourselves, our communities and our families we love.

Unidentified: Please welcome United States Marine Corps veteran Carlos Eduardo Espina.

Carlos Eduardo Espina: Buenas noches, mi gente, my name is Carlos Eduardo Espina. And if two decades ago when my parents immigrated to College Station Texas, you told them that one day their son would reach 14 million followers on social media graduate law school and speak at the Democratic National Convention. They might not believe you.

Carlos Eduardo Espina: But this is the United States of America, the land of opportunities where anything is possible. I know this, I know this because daily I interact with people who like my parents came to America to fulfill the dreams and ambitions that in their home countries were impossible. People who work hard contribute to society pay taxes because yes, immigrants pay taxes and love.

Carlos Eduardo Espina: And love this country deeply the same people Donald Trump wants you to believe are poisoning the blood of our country. This is dangerous and it is outright anti-American because as Ronald Reagan once said, Ronald Reagan, a Republican once said, we lead the world because unique among nations. We draw our people our strength from every country and every corner of the world.

Carlos Eduardo Espina: Reagan knew reagan knew that welcoming immigrants is not a Democratic or a Republican value. It is an American value to be pro-immigrant is to be pro-america and that's why Kamala Harris understands this too. And that's why once elected she will reject hate and find solutions that make our nation stronger.

Carlos Eduardo Espina: So let's get her elected, let's get her elected and ensure that our country remains a beacon of freedom and opportunity for all. Thank you. God bless you and God bless the great state of Texas.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Homeland Security and counterterrorism advisor to Vice President Pence Olivia Troye.

Olivia Troye: Four years ago, I resigned from the Trump administration as a Republican who dreamed of working in the white House. It was a hard decision, but as an American it was the right one.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]