Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-4-hour-4-chicago-august-22-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour]

Melody McFadden: My niece, Sandy Patrice was 22. She drove to Myrtle Beach for sun and fun and motorcycle parades hours later my phone rang shooting on the beach. No one can find Sandy. I stayed calm. You see my mother, Patricia Ann, had been shot and killed by an abusive partner. I was calm then too. I got to handling business.

Melody McFadden: I called relatives the police hospitals and I kept calling voice steady heartbeat pulsing then I was connected to the coroner ten years of waiting and Sandy's murder is still unsolved. I'll keep calling and I'll keep fighting.

Edgar Vilchez: I was in high school when my classmate got shot. It changed my story instead of worrying about taking a test. I started worrying about living to take another test. They say schools are for learning and I did learn a lot that day. I learned how to run, how to hide and drop that what happens in the news can happen to me, but I learned something else too.

Edgar Vilchez: That we can write and must write a new story if we choose to.

Lucy McBath: Our -- our stories of loss but make no mistake, our losses do not weaken us. They strengthen our resolve. We will secure safer futures that we all deserve. We will organize, we will advocate, we will run for office.

Lucy McBath: And we will join with Americans from small towns and big cities to keep our communities safe and we will elect leaders like Kamala Harris who won't just empathize but will act.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Arizona Representative Gabby Giffords.

Gabrielle Giffords: Gabby, hello fellow Americans. I'm Gabby Giffords. I was born in the great state of Arizona. I was born with grit. I grew up racing motorcycles, mucking stalls and exploring the beautiful desert. I fell for an astronaut for five years. I served in Congress from a swing district. Everybody called me a rising star then on January 8th, 2000, a man tried to assassinate me, he shot 19 people.

Gabrielle Giffords: He killed six, a terrible, terrible day. I almost died, but I fought for a life and I survived. I learned to walk again, one step at a time I learned to talk again one word at a time, so many people helped me as I worked hard to recover, including a decent man for Delaware who always checked in. He still does. Thank you. Joe Biden. Thank you for everything. Joe is a great President, my friend Kamala will be a great President.

Gabrielle Giffords: She is tough, she has grit, Kamala can beat the gun lobby, she can fight gun trafficking, Kamala stood up to Wall Street and the drug company. She will protect abortion access. She will defend our freedom. She saved lives. Join me in voting for Kamala Harris.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Bubba, thank you woo hoo, I Don't know why, but I feel like freed up. I had the honor of meeting Vice President Harris when I got to introduce her when she spoke at my high school about gun violence parkland happened and all I could think about is that I wanted to keep my kids safe. On July 4th, 2022, I was next in line to walk in the Highland Park Independence Day parade and gunshots erupted.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Seven people were shot and killed and 48 more were injured. Vice President, Harris has been a gun sense champion since she was our California AG. We have two options in November, we have Kamala Harris who has already proven her leadership in the Biden and Harris administration. They passed the first ever comprehensive gun reform in 30 years.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Meanwhile, Donald Trump has cozied up to the NRA and the gun lobby. I have full confidence in Vice President Harris that she's dedicated to and committed to finding a solution to end gun violence so.

Unidentified: Please welcome three time Grammy winning singer songwriter and global pop icon, Pink.

Note: [Pink sings a song.]

Kamala Harris: [Video clip] Global security and global prosperity depend on the leadership of the United States of America and a strong America remains indispensable to the world. Our democratic ideals of freedom and liberty inspire billions and our military is the strongest in the world. Our military is a force that underwrites global stability and our national security.

Unidentified: Please welcome Arizona Senator Mark Kelly.

Mark Kelly: Hello, Chicago, hello, Democrats countdown countdown. So President Obama had to follow. Michelle, I had to follow Gabby and Pink gabby amazes me every single day. She was able to walk out and address you tonight because she's a fighter and thanks to a team of doctors, nurses and especially her speech therapist.

Mark Kelly: We all need a team, I've flown into space four times I've flown into combat nearly 40 times, not once did I do that by myself. It took a team to accomplish a mission. It always does. I flew in the Navy during the first Gulf War America, rallied our allies to kick out a tyrant who invaded a neighbor today. Vladimir Putin is testing whether we're still that strong.

Mark Kelly: Iran North Korea and especially China watch closely what's Trump's answer. He invited Russia to do and these are his words, not mine whatever the hell they want. Vice President, Harris has always championed America's support for NATO for Ukraine and for the Ukrainian people on the Senate Intelligence Committee. She investigated Russian interference in our election.

Mark Kelly: She defends free and fair elections everywhere. You already know how Trump feels about those. Donald Trump skipped his intelligence briefings. He was too busy sucking up to dictators and dreaming of becoming one himself. Trump thinks that Americans who have made the ultimate sacrifice are suckers and losers.

Mark Kelly: If we fall for that again and make him the commander in chief, the only suckers would be us Kamala. Harris knows that standing with our allies means standing up for Americans. She'll keep modernizing our military to support our troops and to support our veterans like our next Vice President, Tim Walz. The world laughs at Trump literally.

Mark Kelly: But folks, it is not funny when he was President that meant the world was laughing at us. The threats we face are too serious. The sacrifices our service members make are too sacred. The alliances we've spent decades building are too critical. That's what's at stake now. And the choice, The choice isn't even close.

Mark Kelly: But in Arizona and nationwide, this election will be will win in the same way we launch rockets into space and land fighter jets on an aircraft carrier as one team on one mission state by state voter by voter coming together, no country, no country is better than Ours at solving big problems.

Mark Kelly: So on November 5th, let's prove that America is still the leader of the world needs today by electing the leader we need right now, Kamala Harris. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Yeah.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta.

Leon Panetta: My fellow Americans I'm proud to have served in the Army, the Congress, the white House Chief of staff, CIA director and Secretary of defense. I've looked into the eyes of our warriors and deployed them into battle. I gave the order directing our special operations forces to fly two helicopters, 150 miles into Abbottabad at night and by the time the sun rose Osama bin laden was dead.

Leon Panetta: Because because nobody attacks our country and gets away with it, nobody that's. That's what our warriors do. That's what our warriors do. Our warriors need a tough, cool headed commander in chief to defend our democracy from tyrants and terrorists. We need Kamala Harris behind the Resolute Desk. She knows.

Leon Panetta: She knows the tyrant when she sees one and our allies know a leader when they see one on the Senate Intelligence Committee and as Vice President. She worked with more than 150 world leaders. She's looked our allies in the eye and said America has your back trump would abandon our allies and isolate America.

Leon Panetta: We tried that in the 1930s. It was foolish and dangerous then and it's foolish and dangerous now listen to President Reagan, President Reagan isolationism, never was and never will be an acceptable response to tyrannical governments. Never trump tells tyrants like Putin they can do whatever the hell they want.

Leon Panetta: Kamala Harris tells tyrants the hell you cannot on my watch. She's worked with President Zelensky to fight back against Russia. She knows that protecting their democracy protects our democracy as well. Look, Donald Trump does not understand the world And he does not understand the service and sacrifice of our military.

Leon Panetta: Our fallen veterans are not suckers, they are not losers. They are our heroes. Kamala Harris will honor our veterans and in Tim Walz, we will have a Vice President who has served in uniform honorably for 24 years. Kamala Harris understands this moment. It is a moment of danger and a moment of opportunity.

Leon Panetta: She'll keep America's military the strongest in the world, the strongest ever known and she understands what our military is for the role of our military is to defend us from foreign enemies. It is not to threaten Americans and it sure as hell isn't to put immigrants in camps. Every President, every President since World War, Two, Republican and Democrat has shared the belief that America must protect democracy in the world.

Leon Panetta: Every President has honored our veterans and their sacrifices every President, But one but one. So we face a critical choice to vote for someone who stands with our military and stands up for democracy or someone who will disrespect our heroes and undermine our democracy. My fellow Americans there is only one choice.

Leon Panetta: One choice and let me tell you something, when she takes her oath of office as she will this January, our allies will cheer our enemies, will fear and we will have a commander in chief that we can trust, god bless our veterans and God bless our country.

Unidentified: Please welcome Arizona Representative Ruben Gallego.

Ruben Gallego: I'm a dad husband, Congressman and the proudest Arizonan you'll ever meet, but I am even prouder to be a marine, right. My mom raised us alone on a secretary's salary. I slept on the floor. I worked every job I could meatpacking construction, making pizzas. I made it to Harvard with no money or connections.

Ruben Gallego: Other kids were happy because they were at Harvard. I was happy because I finally had a mattress, then I enlisted fought alongside my brothers with Lima, 325 in Iraq. They called us Lucky Lima, but our luck ran out. We saw some of the heaviest combat of the war and when we got home, the government failed to help us readjust.

Ruben Gallego: We have a duty to care for our patriots who serve our nation for the Vietnam veteran and Buckeye who relies on the VA for his medication for the Afghan veteran in Pittsburgh who finally got treatment for his PTSD for the Marine in Milwaukee, who relies on the Benefits she earned from my Navajo brothers and sisters to serve the Marines with me. I remember you to Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh are fighting for them.

Ruben Gallego: Kamala Harris has delivered more benefits to more veterans than ever before and she has achieved the lowest veterans unemployment rate in history. Vice President Harris has stood up for us and our families, always tim Walz served for 24 years. His passion for veterans earned him respect on both sides of the aisle and he stands with us too.

Ruben Gallego: In fact, let me introduce you to some of the many Democrats who understand what service means because we put country over politics. We were proud to wear the uniform and we're proud serving our countries and city halls, state capitols, the U.S. House and the Senate.

Ruben Gallego: These veterans represent the best of our country, we stand united as veterans Democrats and patriots to fight for everyone who serves, but politicians, but politicians like Donald Trump, they don't stand with us. They call patriots like Senator McCain losers. John McCain was an American hero show. Some respect trump's Project 2025 will slash veteran benefits and force VA hospitals to close across the nation.

Ruben Gallego: Show some respect, so for the 18 year old who decides to enlist for the families like mine who prayed every night that their loved one would come home for. Our troops stationed thousands of miles away from my Marines of Lima Company. Let's elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz, who don't just respect our service, but Revere it because the veterans who defended this country aren't just the reason we can sleep at night.

Ruben Gallego: They are the reason we can dream and together together we'll fight for our veterans and everyone who served our country. Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please. welcome Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer.

Gretchen Whitmer: I'm governor Gretchen Whitmer in Lansing. They call me governor. But in Detroit, they call me Big Gretch. Donald Trump called me that woman from Michigan as an insult. Being a woman from Michigan is a badge of honor like women across America. We just gsd get stuff done at 29. I joined the sandwich generation sandwiched between working and raising my newborn and caring for my mom who was dying from brain cancer.

Gretchen Whitmer: It was hard but not extraordinary. It's life. Those nights reminded me who I was fighting for people just trying to make it Kamala. Harris knows who she's fighting for too. She took care of her mom who also battled cancer as President. She'll fight to lower the cost of health care and elder care for every family.

Gretchen Whitmer: She's lived a life like ours. She knows us. Donald Trump doesn't know you at all. You think he understands that when your car breaks down, you can't get to work. No, His first word was probably chauffeur. You think he's ever had to take items out of the cart before checking out Hell, you think he's ever been to a grocery store.

Gretchen Whitmer: That's what the chauffeur is for, but Kamala Harris, she gets us, she sees us, she is us. Look, we've all lived through a lot of history over the past few years, floods and fires an attempted coup, a plot and a pandemic. It's exhausting. We don't know what the next four years will bring, but what we do know is this.

Gretchen Whitmer: Through it all, your life won't stop, you're going to have to get to work, pick up the kids and pay your bills. And then one day when you're just trying to get everyone out the door, a news alert goes off, something happened, something hit the fan. You'll ask, is my family going to be okay, And then you'll ask who the hell is in charge?

Gretchen Whitmer: What if it's him, What, What if it's that man from Mara Lago? I know in a crisis we need someone strong enough to come up with a plan to tell the truth. And to bring people together right now before the crisis is when we get to choose. Why wouldn't we choose the leader, who's tough, tested and a total badass? I know who I want as our commander in chief America lets choose Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Please welcome actress, director and philanthropist Eva Longoria.

Eva Longoria: Hello, Chicago, yes. I am so excited to be here tonight what an honor to be part of this historic moment and you all are part of it. Look, I have known Kamala Harris for more than a decade and she comes from a family a lot like mine and I'm sure a lot like yours. We were both raised knowing that no one was going to hand us anything, especially as women that we were going to have to touch every rung of the ladder to get ahead.

Eva Longoria: We were going to have to work really hard now she worked in McDonalds, but I worked at Wendy's And look at us now, you see Kamala and I were able to see beyond the horizon because our families supported our big dreams well. Guess what, As Americans, we're all part of one big family somos, familia, and as familia, we have to have each other's back.

Eva Longoria: We have to support each other's dreams because Kamala's Success is our success and she supports us to dream big too. So let me tell you in the Latino community, in our community, we have a saying si se puede, which means, yes, it means, yes, we can. But tonight, I'm here to tell you.

Eva Longoria: Yes, she can. So we're going to say she se puede. So when -- when someone asks you is she ready to lead this country forward, we're going to say she se puede when somebody says she qualified for the job, we're going to say, she said puede when somebody asks is she going to be the first female President of The United States.

Eva Longoria: We're going to say, she said puede our voices, our vote, we're going to decide this election. And let me tell you the energy tonight isn't just here in Chicago. It's all across the country. People are gathered at watch parties everywhere to celebrate Kamala Harris.

Eva Longoria: Say hello, yes, all right, we know how to work. So let's get to work. Let's turn all of this enthusiasm and joy into ation between now and November 5th, let's go, she se puede, si se puede. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome former Illinois Republican Representative Adam Kinzinger.

Adam Kinzinger: Hey, hey, good evening, good evening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm Adam Kinzinger and I am proud to be in the trenches with you as part of this sometimes awkward alliance that we have to defend truth, defend democracy and decency. I was just a kid when I was drawn to the party of Ronald Reagan to his vision of a strong America, the shining city on a hill.

Adam Kinzinger: I was a Republican for 12 years in Congress and I still hold on to the label. I never thought I'd be here. But listen, you never thought you'd see me here, did you? But I've learned something about the Democratic Party, and I want to let my fellow Republicans in on the secret, the Democrats are as patriotic as us.

Adam Kinzinger: They -- they love this country just as much as we do and they and they are as eager to defend American values at home and abroad as we conservatives have ever been. I was relieved to discover that because I've learned something about my party too, something I couldn't ignore. The Republican Party is no longer conservative.

Adam Kinzinger: It has switched its allegiance from the principles that gave it purpose to a man whose only purpose is himself. Donald Trump is a weak man pretending to be strong. He is a small man pretending to be big. He's a faithless man pretending to be righteous. He's a perpetrator who can't stop playing the victim.

Adam Kinzinger: He puts on -- listen he he puts on quite a show, but there is no real strength there. As a conservative and a veteran, I believe true strength lies in defending the vulnerable. It's in protecting your family. It's in standing up for our Constitution and our democracy that that is the soul of being a conservative.

Adam Kinzinger: It used to be the soul of being a Republican, but Donald Trump has suffocated the soul of the Republican Party. His fundamental weakness has coursed through my party like an illness sapping our strength, softening our spine whipping us into a fever that is untethered us from our values. Our democracy was frayed by the events of January 6th, as Donald Trump's deceit and dishonor led to a siege on the United States Capitol.

Adam Kinzinger: That day, I stood witness to a profound sorrow, the desecration of our sacred tradition of peaceful transition of power tarnished by a man too fragile, too vain and too weak to accept defeat. How can a party claim to be patriotic? If it idolizes a man who tried to overthrow a free and fair election, How -- How can a party claim to stand for liberty if it sees a fight for freedom in Ukraine?

Adam Kinzinger: An attack pitting tyranny against democracy, a challenge to everything our nation claims to be and it retreats. It equivocates it nominates a man who is weirdly obsessed with Putin and his running mate. His running mate who said, quote, I don't care what happens in Ukraine yet. He wants to be Vice President.

Adam Kinzinger: Yeah, how can a party claim to be conservative when it tarnishes the gifts that our forebearers fought for. Men like my grandfather, who served in World War two, who believed in a cause bigger than himself. And he risked his life for it behind enemy lines to preserve American democracy. His generation found the courage to face down armies.

Adam Kinzinger: Listen, all we're asked to do is to summon the courage to stand up to one weak man, some some have questioned, some have questioned why I've taken the stand. I have the answer is really simple. Ladies and gentlemen, we must put country first and tonight and tonight as a Republican speaking before you, I'm putting our country first.

Adam Kinzinger: Because the fact is, I do belong here, I know Kamala Harris shares my allegiance to the rule of law, the Constitution and democracy, and she is dedicated to uphold upholding all three in service to our country. Whatever policies we disagree on pale in comparison with those fundamental matters of principle of decency and of fidelity to this nation.

Adam Kinzinger: Listen to my fellow Republicans, if you still pledge allegiance to those principles, I suspect you belong here too, because because democracy knows no party, it's a -- it's a living, breathing ideal that defines us as a nation. It's the bedrock that separates us from tyranny. And when that foundation is fractured.

Adam Kinzinger: We must all stand together united to strengthen it. If you think those principles are worth defending, then I urge you make the right choice vote, vote for our bedrock values and vote for Kamala Harris. God bless you.

Unidentified: Please welcome lawyer policy advocate and sister of the Vice President, Maya Harris.

Maya Harris: Hello, Chicago, in 1958, a 19 year old from India, left the only country she'd ever known to chart her own path in America. She came here to pursue an education, but she stayed here to build a life. Her name was doctor Shyamala, Gopalan Harris, but we called her mommy. Mommy was so many things to so many people.

Maya Harris: A civil rights activist, a scientist, a devoted mother to her two little girls, but most of all, mommy was a trailblazer who defied the odds and defined herself and when it came to Kamala and me. Mommy had great expectations for us, but she had even greater expectations of us. She she raised us to believe that we could be and do anything and we believed her.

Maya Harris: You see mommy, understood the power and the possibility that come with knowing and showing who you truly are. She knew we could be the authors of our own stories just as she'd been the author of her own Mommy's Journey and the opportunity that she wanted for Kamala. And me, that's a distinctly American story.

Maya Harris: We may all have different histories, different struggles or different perspectives, but what binds us together is the fervent desire to be free to fulfill our God, given potential Kamala's entire life has been about fighting for each of us to have that freedom and like so many Americans Kamala knows what it's like to be underestimated and be counted out.

Maya Harris: She knows what it's like to be the underdog and yet still beat the odds and now she has created so much electricity, so much optimism, so much joy throughout the nation and it is why we need her leadership in this historic moment. We are living in a time when some are trying to divide us to separate us in ways that make it difficult for us to come together.

Maya Harris: Well, look, my sister rejects that view where others push darkness, Kamala sees promise where others feel, detachment, Kamala fosters connection where others want to drag us. Back to the past, my sister says hold up. Now we are not going back because Kamala understands we have so much more in common than what separates us. She knows the measure of our success isn't just winning an election, it's about who we bring along and lift up in the process.

Maya Harris: And so as I look out at all of you today and take in this incredible moment, I so wish that mommy could be here tonight. I can just see her smiling saying how proud she is of Kamala and then without missing a beat. She said that's enough. You got work to do, she would tell all of us to roll up our sleeves and get to work to elect a leader who sees the potential in each of us a leader who cares for all of us, a leader who fights for every one of us. Our Democratic nominee.

Maya Harris: My big sister, the next President of the United States, Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Please welcome North Carolina governor Roy Cooper.

Roy Cooper: Hello America, I'm Roy Cooper. The last guy standing between you and the moment we're all waiting for. So, So I'm going to get right to it all week. You've heard stories about my friend Kamala. I want to take you behind the scenes of one of them. 2011 was a rough time for American homeowners homeowners.

Roy Cooper: Hundreds of thousands were losing their homes to illegal foreclosure. I was attorney general in North Carolina while Kamala had just become California's All the AGS were close to a settlement with the big banks and it was a pretty good deal, would have meant $ 4 billion for California families who'd been ripped off.

Roy Cooper: I know that sounds like a lot, but Kamala said, hang on a minute, I've met these families. I know what they've been through and they deserve more. She went toe to toe with some of the world's most powerful executives and she refused to give in. Let me tell you this was a huge risk, but she knew it was a risk worth taking.

Roy Cooper: That's Kamala and we all know what happened. The banks caved that 4 billion for California families became 20 billion. That was the first time I witnessed Kamala in action. And what I saw was a leader who does exactly what she says she's going to do who never will settle for less America. We got a lot of big fights ahead of us and we've got one hell of a fighter ready to take them on. I know that.

Roy Cooper: I know that because I know her and tonight, I want the American people to know if even if you don't agree with her on everything, Kamala Harris will fight for you to the very end for families who need better health care or a safer place to live. Kamala will fight for you for parents who want better schools for their kids.

Roy Cooper: For workers worried about a secure retirement for themselves, Kamala will fight for you for any one of our allies anywhere in the world. Wondering if America still has your back. Remember this Kamala will fight for you and when she fights we win, Kamala is ready. Kamala is ready. The question is, are we -- Are we going to stand up and fight for Kamala?

Roy Cooper: Like she'll stand up and fight for us. All right, if you're ready, my home state of North Carolina stand up, stand up, pennsylvania stand up, Michigan stand up, Wisconsin stand up, Georgia stand up, Nevada stand up, Arizona stand up. America, are we going to stand up? Are we going to fight, Are we going to vote?

Roy Cooper: Are we going to win? You bet, we are. Let's go get em.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] She grew up in a tight knit neighborhood. It was the kind of place where your neighbor would look after you when school let out were your first grade teacher would show up at your law school graduation. It's where Kamala Harris learned what it means to be in the middle class, making every paycheck count.

Unidentified: [Video clip] She was raised by a working mom who taught her about standing up for what's right and protecting the people you love. Kamala carries the lessons of our mother, the fighting spirit of our mother, the compassion. She was all of five feet tall. If you met her, you would have thought she was seven feet tall and our mother, if I'd ever come home complaining about anything, she wouldn't have it. The first thing she'd say is well just stop the complaining, just tell me what you're going to do about it. And since she was a young girl, Kamala Harris has been fighting for families like the ones she grew up with.

Unidentified: [Video clip] That is Kamala. She can't help herself from standing up for people and standing up for what she thinks is right. She has been that way. Our whole lives being a protector is what led her to become a prosecutor. Looking back now, I would say it was her calling. As a courtroom prosecutor, she went after predators who targeted women and children and fraudsters who ripped off working families and she put dangerous gang members and human traffickers behind bars.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We didn't have. Partnerships with DOJ. Or FBI or DEA or any of those law enforcement agencies now we all work collaboratively. She was the person who built the foundation in how we do criminal justice in America as attorney general of California. She held the big Wall Street banks accountable for fraud, winning $ 20 billion for California families.

Unidentified: [Video clip] She took on one of the largest for profit colleges that was scamming And students. And in the Senate, she fought for her constituents with the determination of a prosecutor standing up for reproductive freedom. Can you think of any laws that give the government the power to make decisions about the male body?

Unidentified: [Video clip] I'm not a -- I'm not a thinking of any right now, Senator. She fought to keep our children safe from the terror of gun violence. How many of you guys had to have a drill where you learned about how you need to hide in a closet or crouch in a corner in the event that there is a mass shooter Look at that, look at that on the Intelligence Committee, she defended our Nation against foreign adversaries and in 2020 she made history as the first woman to be elected Vice President of the United States.

Unidentified: [Video clip] She cast the tie breaking vote to deliver urgent relief to the American people during the pandemic. She beat Big Pharma to lower prescription drug costs and cap the cost of insulin and led the fight to restore reproductive rights.

Unidentified: [Video clip] After Roe v Wade was overturned, we have worked too hard and fought too long to see our daughters grow up in a world with fewer rights than our mothers. Because she's never been afraid to stand up to powerful interests. Sometimes people will open the door for you and leave it open, sometimes they won't And then you need to kick that door down, excuse my language. Now she's running for President, still fighting for families like the one she grew up with our campaign is about saying.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We trust the people we're saying, we just want fairness, we want dignity for all people and we are a work in progress. We haven't yet quite reached all of those ideals, but we will die trying because we love our country. We believe in our country we're not falling for these folks who are trying to divide us, trying to pull us apart.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We know what we stand for and we stand for the people and we stand for the dignity of work and we stand for freedom, we stand for justice, we stand for equality and so we will fight for all of it. That's who Kamala Harris is, that's what she believes and that's what she'll fight for every day.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]