Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-3-hour-5-chicago-august-21-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Oprah Winfrey: -- and respect are on the ballot in 2024. And and just?

Oprah Winfrey: Plain common sense, common sense tells you that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz can give us decency and respect they're the ones to give it to us. So we are Americans. We are Americans let us choose loyalty to the Constitution over loyalty to any individual because because that's the best of America and let us choose optimism over cynicism because that's the best of America and let us choose inclusion over retribution.

Oprah Winfrey: Let us choose common sense over nonsense. Because that's the. Best of America. And let us choose. The sweet promise of tomorrow over the bitter return to yesterday, we won't go back, we won't be set back, pushed back bullied back kicked back, we're not going back. I'm not going back. We're not going back.

Oprah Winfrey: So let us choose. Let us choose truth, let us choose honor and let us choose joy. Because that's the best of America, but more than. Anything else let us choose freedom why? Because that's the best of America we're all. Americans and together, let's all choose Kamala Harris. Yes, thank you, Chicago. Thank you America.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Here's what I want people to know about, Tim Walz. Well, everybody at Mankato West, High School loved Tim Walz. Yeah, I mean, Tim was jovial. When he would start teaching it was like full contact teaching, you could not help but be interested in what he was talking about. He seemed to care about everybody in his class.

Unidentified: [Video clip] He knew. Everyone's name. He wanted to know what interested you -- how to engage you, what you were excited about, what you're feeling bad about? Mr. Walz? Was my geography and social studies? Teacher Mr. Walz was my football coach. My middle school basketball coach. When we were doing the high school play, the nerd, he was the person building the sets.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't think that there has ever been a moment where I've seen Tim exhausted from giving or engaging. He always seems like that person that's got the never ending gas tank who can keep going. When I decided to come out as gay, we started the Gay Straight Alliance. Tim Walz was the faculty advisor. We saw him not only as a teacher, but a mentor and a leader.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Mr. Walz was a -- was a really big part in helping build this community and he's a big reason why I became a teacher myself. It was inspiring being in his classroom.

Unidentified: Please welcome Maryland Governor, Wes Moore.

Wes Moore: Thank you. Thank you. On March 26th at 1:30 in the morning a container ship, the length of three football fields slammed into the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore and the bridge collapsed a port that drives 13 % of our state's economy was now closed. Thousands of workers were hours away from waking up and realizing they no longer had a job.

Wes Moore: Six Marylanders who had been on the bridge in the middle of the night fixing potholes lost their lives and one of the first phone calls that I got that morning started with these three words gov, it's Kamala, she said, I know you spoke to the President and I want you to know we are here with you every step of the way.

Wes Moore: Now I joined the Army when I was 17. In fact, I was too young to sign the paperwork. I had to ask my mom to sign the paperwork for me because I don't have bone spurs. I led soldiers in combat in Afghanistan and my training, my training taught me that you never learn anything about anybody when times are easy.

Wes Moore: You learn everything, you need to know about somebody when times are hard and when the temperature gets turned up and America, I saw that Kamala Harris is the right one to lead in this moment firsthand. And united with the Almighty God's grace, we brought closure to the families of the six victims and while many said it could take 11 months to reopen the Port of Baltimore, we got it done in 11 weeks.

Wes Moore: Because that is the story of America, we are a nation of patriots who served when the mission is hard and who serve when the destination is uncertain. And I know our history is imperfect, the unevenness of the American journey has made some skeptical. But I'm not asking you to give up your skepticism, I just want that skepticism to be your companion and not your captor.

Wes Moore: And I'm asking that you join us in the work because making America great doesn't mean telling people you're not wanted and loving your country does not mean lying about its history making America great means saying the ambitions of this country would be incomplete without your help. It's the legacy of those six workers who fixed potholes on a bridge while we slept who were born in a different country.

Wes Moore: But who knew that America was big enough for them, too. It's the journey. It's the journey of a man raised by a remarkable immigrant single mom, a man who felt handcuffs on his wrists at 11 years old, who now stands before you as the 63rd governor of Maryland and the first black governor in the history of our state.

Wes Moore: It's the story, it's the story of a prosecutor who defended our freedoms and had Maryland's back when we needed it most. And now MVP, We've got your back as well. It's my fellow veteran, my brother and the next Vice President of the United States, Tim Walz. And now, Tim -- Tim knows that in the military you count the days towards mission completion.

Wes Moore: So guess what y'all, We have got 75 days and a wake up until Election Day 75 days and a wake up for us to prove what Americans can do when the pressure is on 75 days and a wake up for us to show what true patriots do. Not whine and complain.

Wes Moore: We put our heads down and we get to work 75 days and a wake up to build a future that those who came after who those who came before us hope for. And those who come after us that they deserve. And 75 days and a wake up to elect a leader who was willing to believe in the best of us and that leader is Kamala Harris, the next President of the United States.

Wes Moore: Thank you. God bless you and let's leave. No one behind.

Unidentified: Please welcome former South Bend, Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg.

Pete Buttigieg: Thank you. Thank you. Good evening, Democrats. Thank you. Chicago. Here is a sentence. I never thought I'd hear myself saying, I'm Pete Buttigieg and you might recognize me from Fox News. I believe in going anywhere, anywhere in service of a good cause and friends. We gather in a very good cause, electing Kamala Harris and Tim Walz, the next President and Vice President of the United States.

Pete Buttigieg: The choice could not be clearer. Donald Trump rants about law and order as if he wasn't a convicted criminal running against a prosecutor as if we were going to forget that crime was higher on his watch talks about the forgotten man. Hoping we'll forget that the only economic promise that he actually kept was to cut taxes for the rich.

Pete Buttigieg: And don't even get me started on his new running mate, at least. Mike pence was polite. J.D. Vance is one of those guys who thinks if you don't live the life that he has in mind for you, then you don't count someone who said that. If you don't have kids, you have quote no physical commitment to the future of this country.

Pete Buttigieg: You know, Senator when I deployed to Afghanistan, I didn't have kids, then many of the men and women who went outside the wire with me didn't have kids either. But let me tell you our commitment to the future of this country was pretty damn physical. Choosing choosing a guy like JD Vance to be America's next Vice President sends a message.

Pete Buttigieg: And the message is that they are doubling down on negativity and grievance committing to a concept of campaigning. Best summed up in one word, darkness, darkness is what they are selling. The thing is I just don't believe that America today is in the market for darkness. I believe America is ready for a better kind of politics.

Pete Buttigieg: Yes, politics at its worst can be ugly, crushing demeaning, but it doesn't have to be at its best. Politics can be empowering uplifting. It can even be a kind of soulcraft. My faith teaches me that the world isn't made up of good people and bad people, but rather that each of us is capable of good and bad things.

Pete Buttigieg: And I believe leaders matter because of what they bring out in each of us, the good or the bad right now, the other side is appealing to what is smallest within you. They're telling you that greatness comes from going back to the past, they're telling you that anyone different from you is a threat. They're telling you that your neighbor or nephew or daughter who disagrees with you politically isn't just wrong, but is now the enemy.

Pete Buttigieg: I believe in a better politics, one that finds us at our most decent and open and brave the kind of politics that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are offering. And as you have felt these many days, that kind of politics also just feels better to be part of there is joy in it as well as power. And if all of that sounds naive, let me insist that I have come to this view, not by way of idealism, but by way of experience.

Pete Buttigieg: Not just the experience of my unlikely career, someone like me serving in Indiana, serving in Washington, serving in uniform. I'm thinking of something much more basic. I'm thinking of dinner time at our house in Michigan when the dog is barking and the air fryer is beeping. And the mac and cheese is boiling over and it feels like all the political negotiating experience in the world is not enough for me to get our three year old son and our three year old daughter to just wash their hands and sit at the table.

Pete Buttigieg: It's the part of our day when politics seems the most distant and yet the makeup of our kitchen table, the existence of my family is just one example of something that was literally impossible as recently as 25 years ago when an anxious teenager growing up in Indiana. Wondered if he would ever find belonging in this world?

Pete Buttigieg: This kind of life went from impossible to possible from possible to real from real to almost ordinary in less than half a lifetime. But That didn't just happen. It was brought about through idealism and courage through organizing and persuasion and storytelling. And yes, through politics, the right kind of politics, the kind of politics that can make an impossible dream into an everyday reality.

Pete Buttigieg: I don't presume to know what it's like in your kitchen, but I know as sure as I am standing here that everything in it, the bills you pay at that table, the shape of the family that sits there, the fears and the dreams that you talk about Late into the night there all of it compels us to demand more from our politics than a rerun of some TV wrestling death match.

Pete Buttigieg: So this November we get to choose, we get to choose our President, we get to choose our policies, but most of all we will choose a better politics, a politics that calls us to our better selves and offers us a better everyday. That is what Kamala Harris and Tim Walz represents. That is what Democrats represent.

Pete Buttigieg: That is what awaits us when America decides to end Trump's politics of darkness once and for all that is what we choose when we embrace the leaders who are out there building bridges and reject the ones who are out there banning books. This is what we will work for every day to November and beyond. So let's go win this. Thank you, Democrats. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Seeing Governor Walz going to Congress and then becoming governor, I see the guy that was a first sergeant I see a guy that's full of energy always busy and like he says you get enough time to sleep when you're dead.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I first met Governor Walz and Congressman Walz when I was transitioning out of the Marine Corps going back to school. He really wanted to know what the experience was of those that were actually using the GI Bill and how it could be improved. It seemed to be a continuation of focus on improving the lives of veterans.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Governor Walz in our unit always would say his catchphrase was, we'll get it done and we always did. The way I've seen him carry himself over over the years in Congress and the way he works for veterans, there's no excuse, making -- there's no scapegoating, it's just accomplish the mission.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Governor Walz has been that way and always will be that way. Even Governor Walz on the House Veterans Affairs Committee was instrumental in getting the post 9/11 GI Bill not only introduced but also passed.

Unidentified: [Video clip] When Governor Walz wants change, it'll happen back to the garden. We'll get it done.

Unidentified: Please welcome EGOT winning multi-platinum artist and activist John Legend and Queen of percussion, Sheila E.

Note: [John Legend and Sheila E. perform Prince's "Let's Go Crazy"]

Mindy Kaling: That was incredible. I just want to say I feel so motivated after tonight. It's like never been more clear that if Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are elected this November, they're going to protect our freedoms, the freedom to read whatever books you want, the freedom to work one job and afford your rent. And Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will protect your freedom to start a family on your own terms.

Mindy Kaling: And if you ask me, that is something worth fighting for. So guys, let's do it. It's time. Let's nominate the next Vice President of the United States, minnesota governor, Tim Walz and to take us there and to take us there, please welcome to the stage Minnesota Senator, Amy Klobuchar.

Amy Klobuchar: Okay, that was a warm up act. On behalf of the great state of Minnesota where purple reigns. I stand before you in support of our next Vice President, Tim Walz. In Minnesota we trust a coach who turned a team that was zero and 27 into state champions in Minnesota. We trust a hunter who has stood in a deer stand in ten degree weather.

Amy Klobuchar: In Minnesota we trust a candidate who has made a viral video on how to change a burnt out headlight and I know we aren't alone but in Minnesota we love a dad in plaid. So Tim and I go way back, he taught high school right down the road from where my husband, John grew up. My mother in law even brought him and Gwen, a parmesan chicken dinner when their son was born.

Amy Klobuchar: That's what we do in America. We look out for our neighbors. Tim has been doing that, his whole life on the farm and in the factory with his students and his fellow service members. And the truth is that matters who better to take on the price of gas than a guy who could pull over to help change your tire.

Amy Klobuchar: Who better to serve our nation than a guy who has served in uniform Who better to find common ground than a guy with Midwestern common sense. A former football coach knows how to level the playing field and a former public school teacher knows how to school the likes of J.D. Vance, what you've done with your life matters and what you do with power matters too?

Amy Klobuchar: Tim has delivered paid leave school lunches and the biggest tax cut in Minnesota history, a Democrat from a red district in a purple state. Tim has brought Minnesota together and together with Vice President, Kamala Harris, I know he will do the same for our nation america. There is so much that we share so much that connects us way up north in Minnesota.

Amy Klobuchar: Out of Lake Itasca flows the Mississippi River, it starts small and it grows wider, it flows down to Wisconsin and to Iowa it goes down to Illinois and to Missouri, it goes to Kentucky and Tennessee, it goes to Arkansas and it goes way down to Mississippi. And then it goes all the way down to New Orleans, Louisiana where the spirit of our nation's resilience abounds.

Amy Klobuchar: So let us commit here and now to cross the river of our divides to get to a higher ground and let us join together to elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Unidentified: Please welcome Ben Ingman from Minnesota.

Benjamin Ingman: Tim Walz is the kind of guy you can count on to push you out of a snowbank. I know this because Tim Walz has pushed me out of a snowbank. I grew up next door to the Walz's in Mankato, Mr. Walz was also my geography teacher. And my coach not for high school football but for seventh grade basketball and track.

Benjamin Ingman: So what was the high school football coach doing, coaching seventh grade basketball and track? Well, there was a kid in the high school who couldn't afford to pay for lunch and he ran up a lot of debt and Tim and Gwen decided they'd help pay it off. They started calling around the district to see if there were any positions they could fill to make a little extra money.

Benjamin Ingman: And that's how he wound up coaching us seventh graders. That's right. Coach Walz got us excited about what we might achieve together. He believed in us and he helped us believe in each other and his leadership Ship stop. That track team went on to win a state title just like the football team. That's right.

Benjamin Ingman: Speaking of which come on out, Scarlets. Yeah, that's right, you know. All this got me thinking about the kinds of leaders we need. We want the people in charge to be genuine, compassionate and trustworthy. The thing is there are people in our neighborhoods who fit this description, the kind of people who display quiet leadership by helping kids pay for their lunches by bringing teams together to believe in each other.

Benjamin Ingman: And when we're stuck in the snow, they push us out while in my neighborhood, we -- oh sorry, we always wish that people like that would run for office well in my neighborhood, someone like that did run for office and he's going to be a wonderful Vice President. Thanks very much.

Note: [A video clip is played, narrated by Gwen Walz.]

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] Out here in the wide open spaces, we are reminded of the values we share a commitment to community, country and standing up for what's right. Tim Walz grew up in a small town in Nebraska where he spent summers working the family farm.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] There were just 24 students in his graduating class. His dad served during the Korean War, and that meant a lot to Tim. So he enlisted right after his 17th birthday and served 24 years in the National Guard rising to command Sergeant major.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] Tim went to college on the GI Bill and became a social studies teacher. That's where Tim and I met. We shared a classroom with a divider right down the middle. His classroom was a lot louder than mine. But I could hear how engaged his students were. Tim taught for over 15 years and he coached football helping lead the team to a state championship after zero wins just a few years before.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] Tim taught them how to believe in themselves and that we're all in this together when one of our students started the school's Gay Straight Alliance. Tim agreed to serve as faculty advisor because he knew how impactful it would be to have a football coach involved. He inspired his students and he changed lives.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] He was just so joyful and everything that he does, but I think also standing up for you know what he believes to be right stands up to bullies.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] Then Tim's students inspired him to run for Congress in southern Minnesota. Tim spent a lot of time working with Republicans fighting to help farmers and expanding veteran's benefits whether it was in Congress or as governor. His focus has always been helping working people like those. He grew up with, that's why he fought for the largest tax cut in Minnesota state history.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] Tim Walz was there for small businesses like ours with the urging of Governor Walz, we were able to pass the Alex Smith Insulin Affordability Act and it has saved lives in Minnesota.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] With Tim as governor, Minnesota is one of the best places to raise a family and one of the best states for business, tim's a lifelong hunter and gun owner, but after the Sandy hook school shooting, he knew that we had to do something. So he's fought for background checks and red flag laws, but of all the things he's done, Tim loves being a dad.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] We struggled to have kids and fertility treatments made it possible. There's a reason our daughter is named Hope, hope and Gus mean the world to us. Governor Walz making good on a promise to his son and family yesterday by getting them a puppy.

Tim Walz: [Video clip] Then we're going to go get some food, corn dogs.

Hope Walz: [Video clip] I'm vegetarian turkey then and turkey's meat.

Tim Walz: [Video clip] Not in Minnesota, turkey is special.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] He's as at home on a farm, a fishing boat, a football field or a factory floor as he is on the floor of Congress. Tim's commitment to service all comes back to the values. We grew up with love your country, help your neighbor and fight for what's right, because that's what America is all about.

Gwen Walz: [Video clip] Two middle class kids, one a daughter of Oakland, California, the other a son of the Nebraska Plains only in America. Is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the White House? [Audience chants U.S.A.]

Unidentified: Please welcome the Democratic nominee for Vice President, Governor Tim Walz.

Tim Walz: Thank you. Thank you. First of all to Vice President, Harris. Thanks for putting your trust in me and for inviting me to be part of this incredible campaign and a thank you to President Joe Biden for four years of strong historic leadership. It's -- It's the honor of my life to accept your nomination for Vice President of the United States.

Tim Walz: We're all -- we're all here tonight for one beautiful, simple reason we love this country. So thank you to all of you here in Chicago and all of you watching at home tonight. Thank you for your passion. Thank you for your determination and most of all thank you for bringing the joy to this fight. Now I grew up in Butte Nebraska, a town of 400 people.

Tim Walz: I had 24 kids in my high school class and none of them went to Yale. But I'll tell you what growing up in a small town like that, you learn how to take care of each other that that family down the road. They may not think like you do, they may not pray like you do. They may not love like you do, but they're your neighbors.

Tim Walz: And you look out for them and they look out for you, everybody belongs and everybody has a responsibility to contribute for me. It was serving in the Army National Guard. I joined up two days after my 17th birthday and I proudly wore our nation's uniform for 24 years. My dad, a Korean War era, Army veteran died of lung cancer a couple years later.

Tim Walz: He left behind a mountain of medical debt, thank God for Social Security, survivor benefits and thank God for the GI Bill that allowed my dad and me to go to college and millions of other Americans. Eventually. Like the rest of my family, I fell in love with teaching three, three out of four of us married teachers.

Tim Walz: I wound up teaching social studies and coaching football at Mankato West, High School go Scarlets. We ran -- we ran a 44 defense, we played through to the whistle on every single play and we even won a state championship, never close the yearbook people, but it was those players and my students who inspired me to run for Congress.

Tim Walz: They saw in me what I had hoped to instill in them a commitment to the common good, an understanding that we're all in this together and the belief that a single person can make a real difference for their neighbors. So there I was a 40 something high school teacher with little kids, zero political experience and no money running in a deep red district.

Tim Walz: But you know what, Never underestimate a public school teacher, never I represented my neighbors in Congress for 12 years and I learned an awful lot. I learned how to work across the aisle on issues like growing the rural economies and taking care of veterans. And I learned how to compromise without compromising my values.

Tim Walz: Then I came back to serve as governor and we got right to work making a difference in our neighbors lives. We cut taxes for the middle class. We passed paid family and medical leave. We invested in fighting crime and affordable housing. We cut the cost of prescription drugs and help people escape the kind of medical debt that nearly sank my family.

Tim Walz: And we made sure that every kid in our state gets breakfast and lunch every day. So while other states were banning books from their schools, we were banishing hunger from ours. We also protected reproductive freedom because in Minnesota we respect our neighbors and the personal choices they make and even if we wouldn't make those same choices for ourselves, we've got a golden rule mind your own damn business.

Tim Walz: And that includes IVF and fertility treatments, and this is personal for Gwen and I, If you've never experienced the hell that is infertility, I guarantee you, you know somebody who has, and I can remember praying each night for a phone call the pit in your stomach when The phone would ring and the absolute agony when we heard the treatments hadn't worked.

Tim Walz: It took Gwen and I years, but we had access to fertility treatments and when our daughter was born, we named her Hope, hope, goss. And Gwen, you are my entire world and I love you.

Tim Walz: I'm letting you in on how we started a family, because this is a big part about what this election is about freedom, when when Republicans use the word freedom, they mean that the government should be free to invade your doctor's office. Corporations free to pollute your air and water and banks free to take advantage of customers.

Tim Walz: But when we Democrats talk about freedom, we mean the freedom to make a better life for yourself and the people that you love freedom to make your own health care decisions. And yeah, your kids freedom to go to school without worrying about being shot dead in the hall. Look, I know guns, I'm a veteran.

Tim Walz: I'm a hunter and I was a better shot than most Republicans in Congress and I got the trophies to prove it. But I'm also a dad, I believe, in the Second Amendment. But I also believe our first responsibility is to keep our kids safe. That's what this is all about, the responsibility we have to our kids to each other and to the future that we're building together in which everyone is free to build the kind of life they want.

Tim Walz: But not everyone has that same sense of responsibility. Some folks just don't understand what it takes to be a good neighbor. Take Donald Trump and J.D. Vance. Their project 2025 will make things much, much harder for people who are just trying to live their lives. They spent a lot of time pretending they know nothing about this.

Tim Walz: But look, I coached high school football long enough to know and trust me on this, when somebody takes the time to draw up a playbook, they're going to use it. And and we know if these guys get back in the white House, they'll start jacking up the costs on the middle class, they'll repeal the Affordable Care Act, they'll gut Social Security and Medicare and they will ban abortion across this country with or without Congress.

Tim Walz: Here's the thing, it's an agenda nobody asked for. It's an agenda that serves nobody except the richest and the most extreme amongst us. And it's an agenda that does nothing for our neighbors in need. Is it weird? Absolutely, absolutely. But it's also wrong and it's dangerous. It's not just me saying, so it's Trump's own people.

Tim Walz: They were with him for four years. They're warning us that the next four years will be much, much worse. You know, when I was teaching every year we'd elect a student body President and you know what Those teenagers could teach. Donald Trump A hell of a lot about what a leader is leaders, don't spend all day insulting people and blaming others.

Tim Walz: Leaders do the work, so I don't know about you. I'm ready to turn the page on these guys. So go ahead, say it with me, we're not going back.

Tim Walz: We've got something better to offer the American people. It starts with our candidate Kamala Harris from her first day as a prosecutor as a district attorney as an attorney general as a United States Senator. And then our Vice President, she's fought on the side of the American people. She's taken on the predators and fraudsters.

Tim Walz: She's taken down the transnational gangs and she stood up to powerful corporate interests. She has never hesitated to reach across the aisle if it meant improving your lives and she's always done it with energy, with passion and with joy folks, We've got a chance to make Kamala. Harris, the next President of the United States.

Tim Walz: But I think we owe it to the American people to tell them exactly what she'd do as President before we ask them for their votes. So here this is the part clip and save it and send it to your undecided relatives. So they know if your middle class family or a family trying to get into the middle class kamala Harris is going to cut your taxes.

Tim Walz: If you're getting squeezed by prescription drug prices, Kamala Harris is going to take on Big Pharma. If you're hoping to buy a home, Kamala Harris is going to help make it more affordable. And no matter who you are Kamala, Harris is going to stand up and fight for your freedom to live the life that you want to lead Because that's what we want for ourselves and it's what we want for our neighbors.

Tim Walz: You know, you might not know it, but I haven't given a lot of big speeches like this, but I have given a lot of pep talks. So let me -- let me finish with this team. It's the fourth quarter we're down a field goal, but we're on offense and we've got the ball, we're driving down the field and boy, do we have the right team.

Tim Walz: Kamala Harris is tough kamala Harris is experienced and Kamala Harris is ready. Our job, our job, our job, our job for everyone watching is to get in the trenches and do the blocking and tackling one inch at a time, one yard at a time, one phone call at a time, one door knock at a time, one $ 5 donation At a time.

Tim Walz: Look, we got 76 days, that's nothing -- there'll be time to sleep when you're dead. We're going to leave it on the field. That's how we'll keep moving forward. That's how we'll turn the page on Donald Trump. That's how we'll build a country where workers come first, health care and housing are human rights and the government stays the hell out of your bedroom.

Tim Walz: That's how we make America a place where no child is left hungry where no community is left behind where nobody gets told they don't belong. That's how we're going to fight. And as the next President of the United States always says when we fight -- when we fight, when we fight. Thank you. God bless.

Unidentified: Please stand if you are able for this evening's benediction offered by Pastor William Hall and Tal Sharma.

William Hall: Growing up on the block with Mamie Till serving alongside CTU, President, Stacy Davis Gates walking past the childhood home of Senator Carol Moseley, Braun. I know that women from the sixth Ward on the South Side of Chicago have changed the world on the eve of the first black woman receiving nomination for the President of the United States.

William Hall: God, we are ready to fight for freedoms. Division is a tool of the insecure hatred is a misunderstanding of love, help us to come together and paint a brighter future. The one that Shirley Chisholm, Jim Dove, Maya Angelou spoke of and let there be peace tonight peace in Palestine, peace for Palestinians peace for Israelis.

William Hall: When we come together, we win when we serve together, we change lives tonight by faith. We rise together tonight by faith. We work together tonight by faith we get in formation together. We will not wait till November, but by faith we will shout in victory tonight.

Tal Sharma: As a Hindu a Sikh and an Angelino coming from Tongva lands, I invite you to pray or reflect in Sikhi waheguru is Nirvana and Nirvana. The one without fear and without hatred, if the divine possesses these qualities with making the universe, then we are responsible to achieve equity with those same values. As a Hindu, I'm reminded that divisiveness is a choice because our dharam, our duty is towards all of humanity and nature.

Tal Sharma: We are working towards righting the wrongs of our past and preventing a future harm, paving a path for restoration. We deserve may, justice and peace evolve from their status as empty words to become calls to action against the status quo of oppression om shanti, shanti, shanti. He nanaka Naam chardi. Kala pani sarpatta pala.

Cory Booker: All right, for those of you who are left, I've got a question, is there a motion to recess our convention? Oh, you guys are moving me. Is there a second? Okay. Before I ask for the final vote, I can't -- I don't have my phone. I can't do a selfie. Some people are asking me for a selfie all those in favor, say, aye.

Cory Booker: Aye all those opposed, say, nay, in the eyes of the chair, the ayes have it. We are now officially recessed until 5:30 p.m. tomorrow. Folks, it's closing time. I don't care where you go, but you can't stay here. I love you all all.