Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-2-hour-3-chicago-august-20-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Jason Rae: New Hampshire, how do you cast your votes?

Joanne Dowdell: Good evening. My name is Joanne Dowdell from the great state home of the nation's first primary new Hampshire where we stand granite strong. We are so proud of the many women throughout our state, committed to building a future of opportunity and trailblazing the way for all of us. And now it is my pleasure to introduce our youngest delegate Alana Hope Moser.

Unidentified: Yay, The great live free or die state of New Hampshire casts all 34 of our votes for our next black woman and first South Asian President, Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Today we come together as one as one nation under one groove. Nothing can stop us now. So no matter who you are no matter where you are represent your state with pride as we unite for the Future.

Jason Rae: New Jersey, how do you cast your vote?

Phil Murphy: Everybody, I'm Governor Phil Murphy, we're from Jersey baby. And you're not in the great Garden State. We care about protecting women's rights and lifting up vulnerable communities, that's what we mean when we say the great Garden State.

Joey Parrella: My name is Doctor Joey Parrella. Pronouns she/her/hers, I'm a proud resident of the Garden State. I'm proud to stand with Kamala Harris and Tim Walz because they stand with the LGBTQ community, it's time to turn the page on Trump.

Leroy Jones: First, thank you. Hey, I'm Leroy Jones, the chairman of the New Jersey State Committee, the home of the late great Whitney Houston and New Jersey. And these amazing delegates cast two votes present and 142 votes for Kamala Harris, President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: When we fight, we win, when we fight, we win when we fight, we win.

Jason Rae: New Mexico how do you cast your vote?

Jessica Velasquez: Buenos noches chair, Jessica Velasquez here with our delegates from the Land of Enchantment, the great state of New Mexico where we live our family values, respect women, love our land, our water, our blue skies, our green Chile and our sunsets. We are proud to cast 45 votes for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: New York how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Yo yo new York, New York, New York

Henry Garrido: Mr. Secretary my name is Henry Garrido. I am from the great state of New York. Unions not only built the Empire State, they built a strong middle class across this country. That is why I'm so proud to introduce the governor of the greatest labor state of the country. Governor Kathy Hochul.

Kathy Hochul: As governor of the greatest state that ever existed, hey, for New Yorkers get used to it from Seneca Falls, the birthplace of the women's rights movement to Stonewall, the birthplace of the LGBTQ movement to Stone Mountain, the birthplace of the environmental justice movement and the birthplace of the labor movement.

Kathy Hochul: We are also not just the birthplace of great progressive movements, we are the birthplace of Shirley Chisholm. We are the birthplace. We are the birthplace of Geraldine Ferraro, and we are the home of Hillary Clinton and that's why as the first woman governor of New York, I am so proud to cast 298 votes to make Kamala Harris, the first female President of the United States of America.

Jason Rae: North Carolina. How do you cast your votes?

Anderson Clayton: My name is Anderson Clayton. I have the honor of serving as the youngest state party chair in this country and North Carolina is the home of folks like Anthony Hamilton. Yeah governor, Jim Hunt, doctor Reverend, William Barber, Nina Simone.

Anderson Clayton: We represent a new South and we are proud to be that again this year by electing Josh Stein, Allison Riggs Wesley Harris, Anita Earls and everyone else that's on our ballot this year. We are going to make sure that we put Democrats on the ballot and in people's hearts and minds North Carolina gives 131 votes to the phenomenal Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: North Dakota. How do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, the Democrats of North Dakota, the Peace Garden State are proud to cast our 17 votes for Vice President, Kamala Harris and the best neighbor you could ever hope to have governor Tim Walz for President and Vice President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: So now ladies and gentlemen, my name is D.J. Cassidy. This is the DNC roll call and tonight your voice is the future.

Jason Rae: The Northern Mariana Islands, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Half a day zero and hello everyone. We are the Northern Mariana Islands where our customs, our culture, our land and our oceans breathe life into our people. The earth is not red or blue, the earth is sick and we must protect it

Unidentified: Home to some of the living legends in celestial navigation and to some of the friendliest people in the Pacific, we are the blue waves of the Pacific and we are proud to cast all 11 votes for our MVP, Kamala Harris [Inaudible].

Jason Rae: Okay, ohio, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, Ohioans know how to make history. We put a man on the moon and we are the founding home of the AFL-CIO. We enshrined abortion rights in our state constitution by 13 points and we are going to send Sherrod Brown back to the US Senate as the first woman to lead Ohio Democrats. I am proud to cast our ballots for the first woman to be President of the United States. Mr. Secretary, we cast one vote present and 142 votes for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: Oklahoma. How do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Hello from Oklahoma, where we fight for the future for all Oklahomans can be proud of the future. We're working families thrive. Our diversity is our strength and our values like freedom, equality and opportunity puts us ahead and makes Oklahoma proud. We cast our 36 votes for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: Oregon, how do you cast your votes?

Jeff Merkley: From the first state in the nation to hold a Presidential election with all mail in voting? Oregon is proud to protect voting rights in America. [Inaudible] From the heart of the beautiful Pacific Northwest, Oregon protects our planet and fights for LGBTQ equality. And where we believe that reproductive rights are human rights, Oregon casts 78 votes for Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Party people in the place to be. We're now passing the mic at the DNC. It goes one, two, One, two, three, let's go.

Jason Rae: Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, how do you cast your votes?

Dwan Walker: My name is Mayor Dwan Walker from the great city of Aliquippa, Beaver County, my city, the City of Legends, the only high school in America with three Hall of Famers. I took this seat in 2009 when my sister was murdered. I wanted to do better. 15 years, she's been gone 12 years. This city has been under my watch.

Dwan Walker: I'm grateful for the opportunity to lead my city. I'm grateful for the state of Pennsylvania. God bless everyone in this room. I love this state. Thank you.

Josh Shapiro: I'm governor Josh Shapiro, the proud governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the birthplace of democracy, the birthplace of freedom, the greatest commonwealth of all and together together pennsylvania cast 178 votes for the next Madam President of the United States, Kamala Harris and Vice President, Tim Walz.

Unidentified: Puerto Rico, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Buenas noches. Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory known as the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the next state of the votes.

Unidentified: Para la primera, mujer afro, americana de ascendencia, asiatica y caribena, que Saha sera, Presidente de Los Estados Unidos, Kamala Harris. Viva Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: DNC, Let's go roll call, keep it coming, keep it coming now, Roll call, keep it coming, keep it coming now, roll call, keep it Coming keep it coming now. One, two, One, two, three, let's go.

Jason Rae: Rhode Island, how do you cast your vote?

Joe Shekarchi: I am Joe Shekarchi, speaker of the Rhode Island House. We are the smallest state, but we have the biggest ideas home to the nation's first wind farm, an historic act on climate. We continue leading the way on sustainability and housing, the deep blue Ocean State is proud to cast one vote present and 34 ballots for the next President of the United States, Kamala, Harris

Jason Rae: South Carolina, how do you cast your vote?

Christale Spain: [Inaudible] I'm Christale Spain, chair of the South Carolina Democratic Party. Hello from the great state of South Carolina where we pick Presidents, the home of the DNC chair,Jaime Harrison. The home of the first black Panther Chadwick Boseman, the home of the national basketball champions, the mighty Lady Gamecocks.

Margie Bright Matthews: I'm Senator Margie Bright Matthews, one of the sister Senators in John F. Kennedy Profiles in Courage Award winner. We stop the total abortion ban in South Carolina. Like us, Kamala has proven that she has the courage to fight and will fight for all Americans. South Carolina is not going back.

Margie Bright Matthews: We're not going back, we're going forward forward on reproductive rights. We're going forward on voting rights. We're going forward against hate crimes forward with a prosecutor and not a crook. That's why we are proud to cast our 65 delegates for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Unidentified: South Dakota, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: [In Lakotan, no translation provided] in my beautiful Lakota language that means Hello, my relatives. I shake your hand with a happy heart. That is the spirit of my beloved South Dakota. My name is [Inbaudible] and I want to say that my people though shaken are still here. The seven council fires are still here.

Unidentified: Let me tell you what a Kamala Harris presidency will mean for me. My friends and my community more importantly, more opportunities, more good paying jobs, better access to health care and a quality education. That is the future we deserve and it is the future. We will win. On November 5th, when we elect Kamala Harris. Thank you.

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, the state of South Dakota is proud to be part of such a historic moment in our country's history. We are a land that is proud of our hardworking farmers and ranchers that celebrates nine tribal nations and their incredible cultures where natural beauty can be seen from the Big Sioux River to Mount Rushmore.

Unidentified: South Dakota is honored to cast all 20 of our votes for Vice President, Kamala Harris, who will soon be known as Madam President.

Jason Rae: Tennessee, how do you cast your votes?

Jason Rae: Mr. Secretary, the great state of Tennessee birthplace of rock 'n roll home town to the Blues home of seven HBCUs and the state that gave women the right to vote. From the bluffs of Memphis to the peaks of Mountain City, the movement for justice, rooted and love in Tennessee is still strong. It is a movement where kids are free from gun violence.

Unidentified: A movement where women have the right to choose a movement where working people get access to economic opportunity. A movement where those who have been pushed to the periphery are brought to the center. A movement where those who have been pushed down are lifted up, it is alive in Tennessee because we believe that justice will roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever flowing stream, which is why we are so proud to have been the first state in the Union to have pledged all of our delegates to Kamala Harris. We cast 72 votes for the first woman and next President of the United States Kamala, Harris

Unidentified: Party people, come on. DNC party people come on, roll call party, people come on DNC party.

Jason Rae: Texas. How do you cast your votes?

Eva Longoria: Hello Chicago, I'm Eva Longoria from Corpus Christi, Texas, home of Selena Quintanilla, and I'm here to introduce native Texan Cecile Richards.

Cecile Richards: I'm proud to be here tonight representing a tradition in Texas of progressivism and my late mother, Ann Richards, the governor of Texas and passing it on to another great Texas, heroine, Kate Cox.

Kate Cox: I'm Kate Cox and I love being a mom. I have two beautiful children and my husband and I have always wanted a third, but when I got pregnant, doctors told us our baby would never survive and if I didn't get an abortion, it would put a future pregnancy at risk.

Kate Cox: But Trump didn't care and because of his abortion bans, I had to flee my home, there's nothing pro-family about abortion bans. There's nothing pro-life about letting women suffer and even And die. Thank you. Thank you today because I found a way to access abortion care. I am pregnant again, yes, thank you, and my baby is due in January just in time to see Kamala Harris sworn in as President of the United States.

Gilberto Hinojosa: Mr. Secretary, my name is Gilberto Hinojosa chair, of the Texas Democratic Party and as the nation's biggest battleground state with 40 electoral votes. On behalf of 30 million Americans, Texas casts three votes present and 263 votes for freedom for the future for the first woman to serve as the next President of the United States Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Utah, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Utah home of eight tribal nations, the crossroads of the West, the Beehive State, the host of the 2034 Winter Olympics. The youngest and fastest growing state in the nation, and the next battleground state Mr. Secretary, we proudly cast 34 votes for Vice President, Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Vermont, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Vermont knows the value of public education. We even have a teacher as our Congresswoman. And in 1777, we were the first state to place public education in our Constitution as someone with significant learning disabilities, I know the value of investing in every single child. We are proud to call Vermont home and we are proud to cast our 24 votes for Kamala. Harris, because we are not going back.

Jason Rae: The US Virgin Islands, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, we are proud to call the Virgin Islands of the United States our home. A place of resistance and freedom. Home of Alexander Hamilton, the first slave rebellion in the Western Hemisphere, the fire burned Queens.

Unidentified: We are proud to celebrate a nominee of Caribbean Heritage from America's Caribbean, the place where the sun rises first in America from the place of great liberty and the vacation home of President Joe Biden, the Virgin Islanders are strong, resilient and committed to and passion to vote for the next President of the United States all 13 votes to Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: The Commonwealth of Virginia, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, Mr. Secretary, the Commonwealth of Virginia is proudly represented by Senator Mark Warner and Senator Tim Kaine majorities in the House of Representatives with six hard working Congress members and majorities in the General Assembly. We also are proud to be represented by 25,000 hard working mostly union workers who build freedom, who build freedom by building aircraft carriers and submarines.

Unidentified: Senator Warner, Virginia, where this year we're going to return Tim Kaine to the United States Senate. Our Commonwealth of Virginia is proud to cast all 119 votes for the next President, Kamala Harris in the middle of a busy.

Jason Rae: Washington, how do you cast your votes.

Unidentified: From the -- from the amber waves of grain and verdant origins of eastern Washington to the iconic waters of the Salish Sea. Washington stands proud as a part of the blue walls are I the first South Asian woman leading a state party. I am honored to pledge nine votes present and a lucky 101 votes for Vice President, Kamala Devi Harris.

Jason Rae: West Virginia, how do you cast your votes?

Jean Evans Moore: My name is Jean Evans Moore, and I'm 83 years old and as such I am the oldest of the delegates in West Virginia. Most 83 year olds that I know are spending time with their grandchildren or traveling but I'm here suited up and ready to battle because I will not -- I repeat, I will not let everything I've fought for, be taken away by Donald Trump.

Katherine Prather: My name is Katherine Prather. I am 18 years old and I am the youngest delegate from West Virginia. I'm suited up and ready for battle because I will not let my freedoms and my future be taken away by Donald Trump. That's why we're proud to cast West Virginia's 24 delegates for the next President of the United States Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is DJ Cassidy now. Are you ready?

Jason Rae: My home state of Wisconsin, how do you cast your vote

Unidentified: Thank you. Badger Jason Rae for all your good work as a proud governor of the great state of Wisconsin. We're home of the Green Bay Packers. Yeah, we're home of the -- we're home of the Wisconsin Badgers. Yes, we're home of the Milwaukee Brewers And the Milwaukee Bucks as well as US Senator our best U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin.

Unidentified: And our great Congressional folks, Gwen Moore and Mark Pocan, woo woo woo I'm here because I'm jazzed as hell to announce that Wisconsin cast one vote present and 94 votes [Inaudible] I'll get there. -- Jason, I'll get there. 94 votes for former Wisconsinite Vice President and our next President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Wyoming, how do you cast your vote?

Joe Barbuto: Mr. Secretary, delegates, my name is Joe Barbuto and these folks around me. We are honored to be representing the great state of Wyoming, both the first state and territory in this nation to recognize a woman's right to vote and the state that 100 years ago, elected Democrat Nellie Tayloe Ross, our nation's first female governor with that legacy in mind and heart the equality state cast all of our botes for the woman who will be the first woman, President of the United States, say it with me now, Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: All right, good job. The great state of Minnesota, how do you cast your vote?

Hans Storvik: Hello, Minnesota. My name is Hans Storvik and Tim Walz was my neighbor coach and favorite teacher. We were excited to go to his classroom every day and if you've ever been in high school, you know that can be rare. He opened our eyes to the world. He taught us how to talk about global issues with respect curiosity and kindness even and especially when we disagreed. But he wasn't just a great teacher, he was also a great neighbor and friend.

Hans Storvik: In fact, when he was in the midst of a budget battle as governor of our state, he still found time to attend my brother's funeral Mr. Walz means the world to my family. He's always been there for us and that's how I know he'll always be there for you as Vice President.

Unidentified: Thank you, Hans. Minnesota, let me hear you. There you go. 14 years in the National Football. League taught me a lot about leadership, a good leader cannot be selfish. He has to look out for his team. Coach Walz is an unselfish as they come. He has led Minnesota with honesty and integrity and in November, Minnesota is going to send Tim Walz and Kamala Harris to the White House.

Amy Klobuchar: I'm Amy Klobuchar, the Senator from the great state of Minnesota where nearly everyone votes and purple reigns.

Tina Smith: And I'm Tina Smith from the great state of Minnesota, the home of the next Vice President of the United States, Tim Walz. Minnesota, we cast ten votes, present and we deliver 81 votes for Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: For the great state of California, how do you cast your vote?

Gavin Newsom: My name is Governor Gavin Newsom from the great state of Nancy Pelosi. I come from a state like our nation of dreamers of doers of entrepreneurs of innovators that prides itself on being on the leading and cutting edge of new ideas. California is the most diverse state in the world's most diverse democracy and we pride ourselves.

Unidentified: We pride ourselves on our ability to live together and advance together and prosper together across every conceivable and imaginable difference. But the thing we pride ourselves most on is that we believe the future happens in California first.

Unidentified: And Democrats, I've had the privilege for over 20 years to see that future taking shape with a star in Alameda courtroom by the name of Kamala Harris. I saw that star, I saw that star fighting for criminal justice, racial, justice, economic, justice, social justice. I saw that star get even brighter as attorney general of California as a United States Senator and as Vice President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: Like us, Kamala Harris has always done the right thing, a champion for voting rights of civil rights, LGBTQ rights, the rights for women and girls, so Democrats and independents, it's time for us to do the right thing and that is to elect Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States of America.

Unidentified: California, we proudly cast our 482 botes for the next President Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Thank you to everyone who participated in our celebratory roll call, delegates. Please know how critical you are to this process both now and earlier this month when we conducted our virtual roll call. I am thrilled to reaffirm Kamala Harris as the Democratic nominee for President of the United States pursuant to the Convention Rules of Procedure.

Jason Rae: Vice President Kamala Harris has been invited to make an acceptance speech, which she will give on Thursday, August 22nd. But now a special surprise. It's my pleasure to introduce our party's official nominee for President of the United States live from my home state of Wisconsin, Vice President Kamala Harris.

Kamala Harris: Good evening Milwaukee, and hello to everyone joining us from exciting Chicago and the delegates at the Democratic National Convention.

Kamala Harris: Well, they just completed their roll call and they have nominated Coach Walz and me to be the next Vice President and President of the United States of America ,and I thank everyone there and here for believing in what we can do together, we are so honored to be your nominees. This is a people-powered campaign, and together, we will chart a new way forward, a future for freedom.

Kamala Harris: Opportunity of optimism and faith so to everyone in Chicago and across America. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and you're going to hear from our wonderful second gentleman shortly, I'll see you in two days Chicago.

Unidentified: Please welcome TV personality, loud and proud Latina -- Anna Navarro.

Ana Navarro: Buenas noches, Chicago. So tell me are you excited, Wow, what energy, what a moment I have to tell you, I will never stop being the little refugee girl who came to this country at the age of eight. Thank you for inviting me to be here. Welcome to the second night of the Democratic National Convention. Let me tell you about the Kamala Harris. I know.

Ana Navarro: She is legitimately a joyful optimistic leader. She cares about policy, yes. But she also cares about people and how that policy affects real people, not just the members of Mar-A-Lago and you know what else Kamala Harris, she likes, dogs and my dog Chacha likes her dogs are good judges of character.

Ana Navarro: So are cats, we cannot elect a President who does not like dogs or hangs around with people who shoot them. Now let's be serious. Donald Trump and his minions call Kamala, a communist, I know communism I fled communism from Nicaragua when I was eight years old. I don't take it lightly and let me tell you what communist dictators do and it's never just for one day.

Ana Navarro: They attack the free press, they call them the enemy of the people like Ortega does in Nicaragua. They put their unqualified relatives in cushy government jobs so they can get rich off of their positions like the Castros do in Cuba and they refuse to accept legitimate elections. When they lose and call for violence to stay in power like Maduro is doing right now in Venezuela.

Ana Navarro: Now you tell me something, do any of those things sound familiar, Is there anybody running for President who reminds you of that? And I know one thing it's not Kamala Harris, that is not the American, the America we love, it's not the land of freedom. We treasure last night, we heard President Biden say that he loves his job, but he loves his country more.

Ana Navarro: Every American needs to love our country more. Every American has the duty to put our country first country first before party country first before political ambition country first before habit and in this election putting country first means one thing and one thing only voting for Kamala Harris and that that.

Ana Navarro: Is what this night is about, that is what we're going to talk about tonight. So you know what, Let's get it started, let's get this fiesta going.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: The eyes are 50, the nays are 50, The Senate being equally divided. The Vice President votes in the affirmative and the nomination is confirmed and the concurrent resolution as amended is adopted. The Vice President votes in the affirmative and the motion to proceed is agreed to.

Unidentified: On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 50, The Senate being equally divided the Vice President votes in the affirmative and the bill as amended is passed. It is my honor to present the golden gavel to Vice President Harris. 32 tie breaking votes.

Unidentified: Please welcome Senate Majority Leader and New York Senator Chuck Schumer.

Chuck Schumer: Everybody wasn't that a great roll call Now. Just let me hear you. If you're ready for President Kamala Harris friends, we're here to talk about one thing tomorrow and building a better tomorrow for all Americans this November we can choose a brighter, a fairer, a freer future or we can relive the dark night of Trump's, American carnage.

Chuck Schumer: Only one candidate will move America forward. Kamala Harris vice President, Harris has been the best partner Senate Democrats could ever have asked for under her. Under her and President, Biden's leadership, Senate Democrats lowered prescription drug prices and created millions millions of good paying American jobs.

Chuck Schumer: I worked with Kamala Harris when she was Senator Harris. I saw a leader who was fearless who stood up for middle class families like the one she was raised in who focused on things that really mattered, helping parents raise their kids safe neighborhoods, safe schools and building an opportunity economy. That gives everyone a shot at the American dream.

Chuck Schumer: She will lead America forward into a brighter future, but she can't do it alone. She needs a Democratic majority in the Senate of the United States. Now my friends two years ago, two years ago, the naysayers said Senate Democrats should stood no chance in the midterms. I told them just you wait, we're going to keep the Senate and maybe pick up a seat or two.

Chuck Schumer: And that's exactly what happened well, ladies and gentlemen, my good friends at this convention, I am telling all of you now, we're going to hold the Senate again and we're poised to pick up seats, a Democratic majority to create good paying jobs and lower costs to defend A woman's right to choose to deliver for communities back home.

Chuck Schumer: Our Senators are doing it like Jacky Rosen, delivering high speed rail for Nevada, jon Tester bringing high tech jobs to Montana and Bobby Casey and Sherrod Brown and Tammy Baldwin and Martin Heinrich fixing bridges in Pennsylvania and Ohio and Wisconsin and New Mexico. We also have amazing candidates. Ruben Gallego, Angela Alsobrooks, Andy Kim, Elissa Slotkin, Lisa Blunt, Rochester, Colin Allred, Debbie Mucarsel-powell and folks listen to this.

Chuck Schumer: More than half of our candidates are candidates of color. We're making the Senate look like America. Now let's compare that with Senate Republicans, senate Republicans pretend to care about middle class families, but they voted no on expanding the child tax credit and JD Vance didn't even show up to vote.

Chuck Schumer: Senate Republicans pretend to care about the border, but they voted no on the strongest border bill in a decade. Republicans tend to care about freedom, but they voted no on a woman's right to choose no to safeguard IVF, no to birth control. That is just a taste of their extreme agenda, is that what we want for America?

Chuck Schumer: Do we want a Republican Senate that assaults reproductive freedoms Do? We want a Republican Senate that cuts taxes for the rich rigs, the game for big oil and Big Pharma? Well, folks, the choice is ours. Now let me close. Let me close on a personal note. As the highest ranking Jewish elected official in American history.

Chuck Schumer: I want my grandkids and all grandkids to never never face discrimination because of who they are, but Donald Trump, this is a guy who peddles, anti-Semitic stereotypes, he even invited a white supremacist to Mar, a Lago and unfortunately his prejudice goes in all directions. He fuels Islamophobia and issued a muslim ban as President.

Chuck Schumer: Tonight folks, I am wearing this blue square to stand up to anti-Semitism to stand up to all hate our children. Our grandchildren no matter their race, no matter their creed, their gender or family deserve better than Donald Trump's, American carnage. So are you ready to make sure Donald Trump never ever gets near the white House again?

Chuck Schumer: So let's elect Kamala Harris, Tim Walz and a Democratic majority in the Senate and keep the torch of freedom burning bright for generations to come on to victory in November.

Note: [A video clip is played]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Together we will build what I call an opportunity economy. I will take on the high costs that matter most to most Americans compare my plan with what Donald Trump intends to do. He wants to impose what is in effect a national sales tax on everyday products and basic necessities that we import from other countries.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It will mean higher prices on just about every one of your daily needs. Donald Trump's plan would cost a typical family $3,900 a year. He wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which 45 million Americans rely on it for health care. He plans to give billionaires massive tax cuts year after year and he plans to cut corporate taxes by over $ 1 trillion.

Unidentified: [Video clip] That if you want to know who someone cares about look who they fight for, we capped the price of insulin at $ 35 a month and the total cost of prescription drugs at $ 2,000 a year for seniors. And just yesterday we announced that we are lowering the price for ten more life saving drugs. As President. I will work to build the housing we need and by the end of my first term, we will end America's housing shortage by building 3 million new homes and rentals that are affordable for the middle class.

Unidentified: [Video clip] More than 100 million Americans will get a tax cut by restoring the Earned Income Tax Credit and the child tax credit through which millions of Americans with children got to keep more of their hard earned income. We will provide $ 6,000 in tax relief to families during the first year of a child's life. Now is the time to chart a new way forward.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I will fight to give money back to working and middle class Americans, increase the security and stability financially of your family and expand opportunity for working and middle class Americans.

Unidentified: Please welcome Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.

Bernie Sanders: Thank you. Thank you, my fellow Americans. It is an honor. It is an honor to be with you tonight because we're laying the groundwork for Kamala Harris to become our next President. And let me -- let me tell you why that is so important. I want you all to remember where we were three and a half years ago. We were in the midst of the worst public health crisis in 100 years and the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.

Bernie Sanders: 3000 Americans were dying every day and our hospitals were overwhelmed with Covid patients all across the country. Businesses were shutting down, unemployment was soaring, workers were losing, their health insurance, schools were closing, state and city budgets were running out of money. People were being evicted from their homes.

Bernie Sanders: Children in America were going hungry, that was the reality the Biden-Harris administration faced as they entered the Oval Office, a nation suffering --

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]