Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-4-hour-1-chicago-august-22-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Unidentified: Please welcome 2024 Democratic National Convention Permanent Chair, Minyon Moore and convention co-chair, Representative Veronica Escobar.

Minyon Moore: Hello fellow Democrats for the final season of the convention, I am more than pleased to pass the gavel to Co-Chair Representative Veronica Escobar.

Veronica Escobar: Thank you. Thank you. Madam Chair, the fourth season of the 49th quadrennial National convention of the Democratic Party will now come to order.

Unidentified: Please stand if you are able for this evening's invocation offered by American Federation of Government Employees, National President Doctor, Everett Kelly and Imam Muhammad, Abdul. Aleem?

Everett Kelly: Let us pray eternal God, our father creator of the universe, help us help us to rise together in unity and love the work ahead is monumental. We must heed our call to feed the hungry, heal, the sick and comfort, all who suffer. We must conquer, fear, injustice and despair. Our great democracy's foundation is our knowledge that all are equal in God's eyes.

Everett Kelly: That righteous truth, your gift of freedom and equality are being questioned. Once again, they are what our forefathers and mothers fought and died for. They died on battlefields in factories, on farms and beloved creator. All they all this tonight. Our democracy is now on the line. In the months that remain.

Everett Kelly: Guide Vice President, Harris and Governor Walz with your wisdom and your thoughts eternal. One, hear our prayer set, our hearts afire that we may never weary in doing with your will in the pursuit of justice in your son's name. Amen. Amen.

Muhammad Abdul-Aleem: Our merciful benefactor are the creator, Redeemer, who opens the way to us to have a good conscience and life granting. We continue as a nation out of many, one A people of faith, taking pride in caring for our common humanity. Let us pray that this great nation inspired nations to advance social and economic progress.

Muhammad Abdul-Aleem: O God, make us among those who seek justice for all o God help us stand with with humanity against hate o God bless us to approach each day with a feeling of gratitude and remembrance of you bless our homes and our schools bless us to never be Without hope bless us in every decision, endeavor and undertaking.

Muhammad Abdul-Aleem: Bless the efforts of the presidency to secure more opportunities for all in our great society and finally bless Americans to cherish our freedom and noble essence at me.

Unidentified: Please remain standing for the presentation of colors by the Illinois State Police honor guard.

Note: [The colors are presented.]

Unidentified: Please remain standing for the Pledge of Allegiance led by Luna Marin, sixth grader from Oakland, California.

Luna Marin: I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all.

Note: [Video clips are played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] She's a fighter for the American people. Committed to our values, our hopes our dreams, bringing joy back across our nation. It's about damn time turn up the music turn down the lights. Where did this strength and passion come from in this daughter of middle class Oakland? Well, it started with her parents, her mother, a South Asian scientist and her father, a black economist.

Unidentified: [Video clip] They took her to civil rights marches and inspired her to pursue her dreams. After her parents divorced, she and her sister were raised by her mother with the help of friends and neighbors attending Sunday school at the 23rd Avenue Church. We grew up in this wonderful loving supportive environment. My mother was very well aware that she was raising two black girls to be two black women.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Her mother saved up for ten years to buy their first home and share it with Kamala the words and wisdom that remain her North Star to this day. Be a fighter for things that matter and don't be limited by what has always been and then came a moment that changed Kamala, Harris's destiny, the spark that lit the fire within when I was in high school, I had a best friend who I learned was being Molested by her father this particular day she was like.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Hey, you really, really are not yourself, there's something going on. I said to her as soon as she told me, Will you have to come stay with us. As you get older, you really, really reflect on how pivotal that intervention was at that crucial point in my life. A big part of the reason I wanted to be a prosecutor was to protect people like her.

Unidentified: [Video clip] And on her first day in court, she rose from her chair at the prosecutor's desk and said, Kamala Harris for the people as a prosecutor. She put violent criminals and sexual predators in prison leading to the highest conviction rate for serious and violent crime in 15 years and created Back on Track a program for first time low level drug offenders that became a national model.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Yeah, you did commit a crime, accept it own up to it and then let's talk about what we can do to change the circumstances going forward. Lowering recidivism rates for nonviolent offenders from 54% to 10 %, Giving people the training they needed to find a job after that sentence. I remember being so struck by having a district attorney who cared both about justice about safety and accountability, but figuring out how to stop that crime from happening again.

Unidentified: [Video clip] As California's attorney general, she targeted transnational, gangs and drug cartels seized 10,000 kilos of cocaine and 12,000 pounds of methamphetamine went after drug traffickers and took 12,000 illegal guns off the streets. The new foreclosure crisis threatens to freeze up. She took on the nation's five largest mortgage banks that were stealing from homeowners.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Prosecutors claim they've duped desperate homeowners into paying thousands of dollars to get them out of foreclosure. She played hardball and delivered a landmark $20 billion settlement. This represents one of the largest dollar amounts to come to California. And in 2016, the people of California sent her to represent them in Washington D.C. In the Senate, she earned a reputation for taking on the tough fights on the judiciary and intelligence committees.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Kamala hit the ground running, she came in with confidence. She was always respectful, but she would not let a witness off easily. Um, I wouldn't -- I wouldn't uh. Yes or no. And if an argument didn't hold water, she could spot that flaw and get at it. I do want you to be honest. I'm not able to be rushed this fast.

Unidentified: [Video clip] It makes me nervous. And when Joe Biden went looking for his Vice President. I wanted someone who was strong and who was ready to be President on day one job. As Vice President, she worked to cap insulin costs for seniors at $35 to replace lead pipes and provide clean water for communities and she helped create 16 million jobs.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The Biden-Harris bipartisan infrastructure bill has already created thousands of jobs for our members. That is what the future looks like under a President, Kamala Harris. She fought to reduce the trauma of gun violence that has devastated our nation. How many of you guys as college students had to have a drill during high school or middle school or elementary school where you learned about how you need to hide in a closet or crouch in a corner, in the event that there is a mass shooter roaming.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The hallways of your school look at that, look at that. And she did more than talk the talk. She walked the walk, helping pass the first bipartisan legislation in 30 years to curb gun violence. So one thing I learned about working with Vice President, Harris is she always stand on business. She has traveled the world to strengthen our national security and restore our global leadership meeting with more than 150 heads of state.

Unidentified: [Video clip] She stood shoulder to shoulder with our allies and stood up to dictators, helping to unite NATO behind Ukraine and impose punishing costs on Russia. She's led the fight for reproductive freedom. We have worked too hard and fought too long to see our daughters grow up in a world with fewer rights than our mothers.

Unidentified: [Video clip] The first Vice President to visit an abortion clinic, she built a nationwide Grassroots movement to ensure that access to abortion IVF and birth control will always be protected in the halls of power. She's a tough prosecutor, an effective policymaker, a powerful leader and at home she's the center of her family.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I'm not not giving up. She's the best godmother Auntie she's honest. She's loving incredibly reliable. She's one of the most loyal people you'll ever meet. That is why I believe she is so prepared to be our next President this love she has for her family being there for all of us. That's how she will lead this country being there for -- for everyone.

Unidentified: [Video clip] She's a proud graduate of Howard University, who you know her campaign is a force of nature generating the excitement we've all been yearning for the. Campaign of joy of love of care. I am so fundamentally inspired. Kamala Harris will be our next President because you know there's too much on the line to stay on the sidelines.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Thank you, Madam, Vice President. Thank you for bringing back the joy. Sometimes people will open the door for you and leave it open, sometimes they won't And then you need to kick that door down, we are not going back. She's a protector, a strong voice for common sense, a leader for tomorrow, committed to healing our country dedicated to doing the hard work to make us stronger.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I now declare you spouses for life. Someone who truly understands the struggles of everyday Americans forged by the challenges of the past ready for any challenge that may arise. Now is the time america, the joy is back, the pride is back, the hope is back freedom. I can't move. She's doing the work she's fighting for us. She's the new way forward.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Our way forward she is the next President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris.

Veronica Escobar: Wow, bienvenidos a todos to the final night of the Democratic National Convention, we have so much in store for all of you tonight, including a special rendition of our national anthem by our favorite country music, rabble, rousers, the chicks. And I just want to say this week our energy hope and joy have inspired the nation. Meanwhile, Donald Trump has been a small man speaking in small venues talking about small ideas.

Veronica Escobar: Our ideas, our vision for America brings us together. Our vision for America embraces every community and every one Kamala, Harris and Tim Walz are working hard because they know our country is great. They know that we can build a future for all of us and they're earning our votes by laying out a plan that puts the American dream not just within reach, but so we can fully grasp it by making sure going to the grocery store doesn't break the Bank that we have control over our bodies and that our kids, kids like my own kids, Christian and Eloisa have opportunities to lead healthy and happy lives.

Veronica Escobar: We'll get to know Kamala a little more and I promise you you will not only be more inspired, but also ready to fight for a new way forward and to keep us pumped for this journey. Chicago's Argo's very own DJ Metro. Over to you.

DJ Metro: Chicago, how's everybody feeling out there today? Welcome to night four of the Democratic National Convention, I know you all are having so much fun out there. Is that correct? Well, there's only one thing left to do and that's to make sure that the fun continues right here right now. The only way that I know how the Chicago way baby, y'all ready?

Note: [DJ Metro performs a set.]

Unidentified: Please welcome National Education Association President, Becky Pringle and American Federation of Teachers President, Randi Weingarten.

Rebecca S. Pringle: I am Becky Pringle, President of the largest labor union in this country, the National Education Association as an eighth grade science teacher for over 30 years. I can tell you that Kamala Harris and teacher tim Walz understand when our public schools are strong, our nation is strong. They know expanding free school meals, investing in health care and keeping our communities and our schools safe creates opportunity for everyone.

Rebecca S. Pringle: They will strengthen our schools, support our educators and help our students live into their brilliance. Donald Trump and JD Vance are not just wrong. They are dangerous. It's all right there in project 2025, They will shut down the Department of Education and Head Start and make educators pay a higher percentage in taxes than billionaires.

Rebecca S. Pringle: But we are coming together to say not on our watch, not on our watch. So we will organize and we will mobilize and we will win all the things. So come this January, we will have a President who sees us who believes in us and who knows the beauty and the power of this diverse democracy and her name is Kamala Harris.

Randi Weingarten: I'm Randi Weingarten, the, the President of the AFT and a Public school teacher one. One of my first lessons I taught my students was about the social contract, how both individual freedoms and mutual responsibility are essential in our democracy. This covenant underlies our commitment to public schools where educators prepare students to spark innovations, steward the environment, create our arts and shape our democracy.

Randi Weingarten: Now one of the first lessons my students taught me was you got ta walk, the walk. That means Donald Trump and JD Vance can't claim their pro-child while gutting funding for public schools. That means that being pro-family means we support access to good union jobs, affordable housing, health care and higher education.

Randi Weingarten: That's what Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are fighting for and we are all in. They have spent their lives making the promise of America real in the classroom and the courtroom.c America with Kamala Harris as our President, our best days are ahead. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome California Senator Alex Padilla.

Alex Padilla: Good evening Democrats buenas noches democratas. My name is Alex Padilla and I am so proud to represent the great state of California in the United States Senate, but the titles but the titles that most proud of our husband to my beautiful wife, Angela and father to three young gentlemen. You know, as a father when we talk about the future of our country, it's not just hypothetical.

Alex Padilla: For me it is very real. Every day I go to work in Washington, I think about my kids and the future we're building for their generation and to show you how Kamala Harris will treat America's kids as President. I'll tell you how she treats mine because whenever she sees Ramon, Alejandro and Diego, she greets them with kindness and respect, literally meeting them on their level to speak to them and to listen.

Alex Padilla: And every fight that Kamala and I have taken on together has been about making life better for this generation. And the next, as a state Senator I stood with then Attorney General Harris as she took on the big banks to keep kids and their families in their homes. As California's Secretary of state, I knew her as a fearless United States Senator and my partner in defending our sacred right to vote.

Alex Padilla: That's right and when Kamala became Vice President, I was honored to fill her seat. But I knew that I had some big Chuck Taylors to fill. But I was proud to carry on legislation that she championed to protect workers to safeguard public lands to provide kids with more access to quality education. You see Kamala and I believe that all of our kids deserve a shot at the American dream.

Alex Padilla: It's the American dream after all that brought my parents to the United States decades ago, cierto mis, padres Santos y Guadalupe, Padilla vinieron, a Los Estados Unidos en busca del sueno americano. But today we know that the dream is out of reach for far too many families. So my question for all of you tonight is this November?

Alex Padilla: Who's ready to defend the dream Quién esta listo, A defender, El sueno americano. Tim Walz is ready to defend the dream Kamala Harris will defend the dream and between now and election day, each of us must defend the dream two by working to elect them as Vice President and President of the United States of America.

Alex Padilla: So I want to thank you may God bless you now, let's go win this thing.

Veronica Escobar: For families across our nation, the American Dream starts at the same place. The place we call home a home is more than four walls and a roof. It's the foundation of everything we hope for the bedrock from which we build our own American dreams and write our own American stories to share Kamala's vision.

Veronica Escobar: To give more Americans a place to call home, please welcome former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Marcia Fudge.

Marcia Fudge: Kamala, Harris Kamala Harris has fought to protect homeowners and renters her entire career as attorney general. She held big banks accountable for their role in the foreclosure crisis and won billions of dollars for California homeowners as Vice President. She and President Biden helped over 400,000 homeowners at the risk of foreclosure during the pandemic.

Marcia Fudge: And as President, she will build 3 million new homes and rentals, limit unfair rent increases and offer down payment support for first time home buyers. It's personal Kamala remembers her mother's pride at buying their first home after saving for ten years. She knows housing is a human right and a pathway to the middle class.

Marcia Fudge: Where you live determines what schools your children go to, what health care you receive and whether you can get a good job without spending hours commuting where you live too often determines how you live. Donald Trump has no idea how housing works for everyday Americans. He doesn't care. He started his career being sued for denying housing to black families.

Marcia Fudge: As President, he sat by, while the cost of housing skyrocketed. Now we can hand the keys to our housing policy back to a negligent landlord or we can elect a President who believes in safe, affordable housing for all. Let's ensure we have an opportunity economy by voting for Kamala Harris. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know why, but I feel like freed up. I'm Matt and I'm a former Trump voter. Hi, my name is Dave Pennsylvania. I'm the two time Pro Bowler 2016 and 2020. I voted for Trump before, but I'm not going to do that again. I think his agenda is really been awful for America. He doesn't care about ordinary people.

Unidentified: [Video clip] He's never been one, never known any. I'm extremely worried about Donald Trump getting in the white House again, people are working. All these people weren't working under the Trump administration. They now have jobs.

Unidentified: [Video clip] What do you like about Kamala Harris? She talks about the issues, she talks about the economy, she talks about women's rights. I'm going to vote for Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Please welcome California Representative, Ted Lieu.

Ted Lieu: As a computer science major, I am so impressed with how large this AI generated crowd looks tonight. I first got to know Kamala Harris during the Great Recession when I was a California state legislator, millions of hard working families were facing foreclosure. My constituents told me stories about predatory and unfair loan.

Ted Lieu: Terms and about how hard they were fighting to keep the homes that they loved. Thankfully, they had someone fighting just as hard for them, attorney General, Kamala Harris. She led an investigation of the mortgage industry to root out fraud. She helped pass the homeowners Bill of rights and she held the big banks accountable, bringing back $20 billion to homeowners.

Ted Lieu: Since those days I've seen her continue to fight for affordable housing as Vice President and as President, she's going to cut red tape so we can build more houses, help new homeowners, afford a down payment and take on corporations that unfairly hike up rent Kamala Harris fights. For affordable housing, because she gets it, you know, when her mom was raising two girls, she did what so many parents do work early hours and work late nights, pay the bills and put on a brave face. So her girls did not know how hard it really was.

Ted Lieu: It shouldn't be this hard in America and President Kamala Harris will make sure it's not -- she'll fight to lower housing costs so that everyone everywhere can find a place to call home.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] Don't know why, but I feel like Greta and I. Depend on Medicare and Social Security for survival. I'm a recipient of Social Security benefits. I worry about Social Security and Medicare. If we don't protect it through Kamala Harris, that Trump is going to take that money. Project 2025 is going to be disastrous for many of us. What are we supposed to do? Who's going to take care of us? Where are we going to live?

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know, but I know I'm voting Democrat. I'm supporting Vice President, Harris, because she will protect my Social Security and that of all others freedom.

Unidentified: Please welcome Wisconsin Senator Tammy Baldwin.

Tammy Baldwin: Hello, Democrats and hey, Wisconsin. Tonight, I want to talk about family. We know that all families don't look alike. My mother was a teenager when I was born and she struggled with addiction. I never met my father, but I had two incredible grandparents who stepped in and raised me. David and Doris Greene everything I know I learned from them in every way a child needs.

Tammy Baldwin: My grandparents were there for me and as they grew older, it was my privilege to be there for them. So when I work to protect Medicare and Social Security, I do it with a personal knowledge of what those big programs meant in small but deeply meaningful ways to my grandparents and I know what they mean for your parents and grandparents.

Tammy Baldwin: But let's be clear, that is all at risk. Today, donald Trump was asked what he would do about Social Security and Medicare and he said and I quote, there's a lot you can do in terms of cutting cutting. He's talking about cutting Social Security and Medicare while giving a huge new tax break to billionaires and corporations.

Tammy Baldwin: Well, Kamala Harris is not going to let that happen and Tim Walz is not going to let that happen. We are not going to let that happen. You know, they've got it backwards. We Democrats, we honor our elders and ask the wealthiest to pay their fair share. Wisconsin state motto is forward and my friends That's where we're headed.

Tammy Baldwin: Please welcome Massachusetts Representative -- Katherine Clark.

Katherine Clark: I am a proud mom of three and when my kids were young, I sat down with my husband to go over our bills. We realized that my entire income went to paying for child care. We asked ourselves how on earth will we make this work. So many parents will tell you a similar story. They'll tell you that preschool can cost as much as rent or that they drive over an hour just to find child care.

Katherine Clark: They'll tell you that the workers who watch their children have it even worse. When parents have to choose between their kids and their jobs, businesses are hurt too. We shut out talent, we lose the prosperity. Parents could create child care, makes our economy run and yet and yet donald Trump's Project 2025 will eliminate Head Start close classrooms, raise the cost of care and JD Vance, JD Vance says affordable child care is class war against normal people.

Katherine Clark: You know what normal people want, A President who understands this shouldn't be so damn hard. That's Kamala Harris. She's seen this firsthand. You've all heard Kamala talk about her mother. She was both a brilliant scientist and a devoted mom. She had to fight to make it all work to raise her daughters to pay the bills to keep the career she loved.

Katherine Clark: Kamala and Tim know that when everyone can find and afford childcare, our kids and our communities will thrive, our middle class will Grow, so let's put child care at the top of the agenda. Let's build a future worthy of our children. Let's elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Unidentified: Please welcome Colorado Representative, Joe Neguse.

Joe Neguse: Thank you. Thank you. Good evening, chicago. My name is Joe Neguse and I represent the great state of Colorado in the U.S. Congress my parents, my parents immigrated here from a place torn apart by war. They worked hard every day, made Tremendous sacrifices and taught me to never take for granted the educational opportunities that we have in this incredible country.

Joe Neguse: It's because of them and because of those opportunities that tonight their son stands before you as assistant Democratic Leader of the US House of Representatives. My fellow Americans, let me say this clearly don't let anyone don't let anyone tell you that the American dream is dead. It is alive and well and it will grow even stronger with Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States.

Joe Neguse: How -- How do we know that? How do I know that? Well, it's because Kamala Harris believes that college can be a ticket to the middle class and she has fought to make it more affordable her entire career. As California Attorney General, she took down one of the biggest for profit colleges securing $1 billion, $1 billion for students who were defrauded.

Joe Neguse: Alongside President Biden, she expanded Pell Grants and secured record funding for HBCUs And Kamala. Harris made public service loan relief, a reality for teachers and first responders and firefighters and nurses and countless others across our land vice President, Harris delivered before and she will do it again.

Joe Neguse: As President, she will build a brighter future, a more affordable future, a future where going to college doesn't break the bank a future where my five year old daughter, Natalie, who's watching us back home in Colorado right now, a future where she can live her dreams. So those are the stakes, let's make it happen America.

Joe Neguse: Let's make history, america, let's elect Kamala Harris, the 47th President of the United States. Thank you so much. God bless. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I basically worked in public service, my entire adulthood over 27 years, seeing my mom work in the public service sector. It was actually inspiring me and I'm like she gives more to the community than she is for her own self. There's a single mother. I knew I wanted my daughters to have a better life than I did.

Unidentified: [Video clip] So I said you know, going to school will help me, I would see her move like the bills to the side, but I know she was mounting. I know she was drowning in student loan debt and eventually my loans got to $800 a month. I paid it, I did what I was supposed to do, but I was like, oh my God, I'm gonna be in debt until the day I die.

Unidentified: [Video clip] When the Biden-Harris administration first announced the Public service loan forgiveness and I'm listening to my mom like apply for this, apply for this. I'm sitting at my desk opening up my mail. It says thank you, Kelly for public service. Your loans now have been forgiven, took a deep breath and I scream.

Unidentified: [Video clip] I had to pinch myself, I had to see if this was really happening, seeing my mom finish her higher education was life changing. But I don't think anything can ever stop me from my goals because I saw her do it as a single parent with twin girls, with life pushing her down so many ways. But she continued to rise up. She has been the force the motivation for me to want to continue to work in the public service agency.

Unidentified: [Video clip] With this loan forgiveness, I can plan for my future, I was able to purchase my very first home. It creates great opportunity for my daughters. It creates stability. Thank you, Vice President Harris and the entire administration. I just want to thank him again and again and again, thank you so much.

Note: [Music is played.]

Unidentified: Please welcome durham, North Carolina mayor, Leonardo Williams.

Leonardo Williams: Hailing from the Tar Heel State home of Duke University in North Carolina Central University, I am Mayor Leonardo Williams from Durham, North Carolina. You know several years ago my wife Zweli and I started cooking for our community. We drove to schools, doctors, offices just to give out a few samples and eventually our friends asked where's the restaurant y'all?

Leonardo Williams: But you know, it takes capital, it takes capital to chase a dream and during the Trump administration they did not make it easy not for folks like us. So what I thought was I guess not everybody can have a multi-million dollar loan from their father. So I'll tell you what we did, we emptied our savings and in 2008 we launched Zwilich's Kitchen, America's first Zimbabwean restaurant.

Leonardo Williams: And the Biden-Harris administration help make that a reality. They helped make that dream come true for entrepreneurs like us now thanks to small business grants and all of the help that we receive from them. We now have three locations and we employ nearly 30 employees with a living wage, but we are not alone.

Leonardo Williams: Under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, more than a half million business applications have been filed in North Carolina, Kamala Harris Kamala. Harris is fighting to create an opportunity economy that can break down barriers for entrepreneurs like us and as President, she will support risk takers and problem solvers who want to just do their part and claim their piece of the American Dream.

Leonardo Williams: And also I want to thank Maya from Nevada who has served her famous dumplings for the past three years and opened new locations. Thanks to the historic support for small businesses. And Robert, I want to thank you from Minnesota. Robert owns a solar business, heated up once Joe by Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.

Leonardo Williams: They passed the Inflation Reduction Act and Paul from Arizona, paul, who's a commercial cleaning company, landed huge contracts, thanks to the Biden, Harris manufacturing boom. So Kamala, Harris knows she knows entrepreneurs like these.

Leonardo Williams: She knows that we are the backbone of our community and when they succeed, we all succeed. Let's win this. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome Illinois Representative Raja Krishnamoorthi.

Raja Krishnamoorthi: America against America, it's the title of a book by one of China's highest ranking leaders and it's how they think they'll win. They know the only way they'll beat America is if we beat ourselves in Congress, my job is to study China's economy. And mark my words, they want to see Donald Trump across the bargaining table because he'll start endless trade wars that raise prices for Americans because he'll cut programs that train workers in America.

Raja Krishnamoorthi: But most of all Trump will pit American against American and that's what China wants for us to fight amongst ourselves because that's how we lose. But we're not going back. What does Kamala Harris tell us When we fight we win because Kamala Harris knows how we fight best, not American against American.

Raja Krishnamoorthi: She knows that when we fight as one country, we win when we fight as one team we win, which is why when Kamala Harris wins in November, we win. Thank you so much.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]