Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-2-hour-6-chicago-august-20-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour.]

Barack Obama: -- that don't last money fame status likes we chase the approval of strangers on our phones. We build all manner of walls and fences around ourselves and then we wonder why we feel so alone. We don't trust each other as much because we don't take the time to know each other. And in that space between us, politicians and algorithms teach us to caricature each other and troll each other and fear each other.

Barack Obama: But here's the good news, Chicago, all across America in big cities and small towns away from all the noise. The ties that bind us together are still there. We still coach Little League and look out for our elderly neighbors. We still feed the hungry in churches and mosques and synagogues and temples. We share the same pride when our Olympic athletes compete for the gold because because the vast majority of us do not want to live in a country, that's bitter and divided.

Barack Obama: We want something better, we want to be better and the joy and the excitement that we're seeing around this campaign tells us we're not alone. You know, I've spent a lot of time thinking about this these past few months because as Michelle mentioned, this summer we lost her mom Miss. Mary Ann Robinson. And I don't know that anybody has ever loved their mother in law any more than I love mine.

Barack Obama: I'm mostly -- it's because she was funny and wise and the least pretentious person. I knew that and she always defended me with Michelle when I messed up, I'd hide behind her. But I also think one of the reasons Mary and I became so close was she reminded me of my grandmother, the woman who helped raise me as a child.

Barack Obama: And on the surface, the two of them did not have a lot in common. One was a black woman from right here, South side of Chicago, right down the way went to Englewood High School. The other was a little old white lady born in a tiny town called Peru, Kansas. Now I know there aren't that many people from Peru.

Barack Obama: And yet they shared a basic outlook on life. They were strong, smart, resourceful, women full of common sense who regardless of the barriers they encountered and women growing up in the 40s and 50s and 60s, they encountered barriers. They still went about their business without fuss or complaint and provided an unshakable foundation of love for their children and their grandchildren.

Barack Obama: In that sense, they both represented an entire generation of working people who through war and depression discrimination and limited opportunity helped build this country. A lot of them toiled every day at jobs that were often too small for them and didn't pay a lot. They willingly went without just to keep a roof over their family's heads just to give their children something better.

Barack Obama: But they knew what was true. They knew what mattered, things like honesty and integrity, kindness and hard work. They weren't -- They weren't impressed with braggarts or bullies. They didn't think putting other people down, lifted you up or made you strong. They didn't spend a lot of time obsessing about what they didn't have.

Barack Obama: Instead, they appreciated what they did. They found pleasure in simple things, a card game with friends, a good meal; and laughter around the kitchen table helping others and most of all seeing their children do things and go places that they would have never imagined for themselves. Whether you are a Democrat or a Republican or somewhere in between, we have all had people like that in our lives.

Barack Obama: People like Kamala's parents who crossed oceans because they believed in the promise of America. People like Tim's parents who taught him about the importance of service, good hard working people who weren't famous or powerful, but who managed in countless Ways to lead this country just a little bit better than they found it as much as any policy or program.

Barack Obama: I believe that's what we yearn for a return to an America where we work together and look out for each other. A restoration of what Lincoln called on the eve of civil war, our bonds of affection an America that taps what he called the better angels of our nature. That is what this election is about. And I believe that's why if we each do our part over the next 77 days, if we knock on doors, if we make phone calls if we talk to our friends.

Barack Obama: If we listen to our neighbors, if we work like we've never worked before, if we hold firm to our convictions, we will elect Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States and Tim Walz as the next Vice President of the United States. We will elect leaders up and down the ballot who will fight for the hopeful forward looking America.

Barack Obama: We all believe in and together we too will build a country that is more secure and more just more equal and more free. So let's get to work, God bless you and God bless the United States of America.

Unidentified: Please stand if you are able for this evening's benediction offered by Bishop Samuel L Green Sr. and His Eminence, Archbishop Elpidophoros of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America.

Samuel Green: God of our salvation, God of our weary years, god of our silent tears thou who hast brought us thus far along the way you are the one who broods over the days of our lives and without you, we would be nothing. So we lift our hopes and hearts to thee and we pause tonight to say thank you. Thank you for loving us. Thank you for not giving up on us. Thank you for giving this nation the benefits of your mercy.

Samuel Green: Because all of us can feel that something enthusiastic is rising in the soul of America and all of us can tell that the tyranny of resentment has finally met its match. The candidacy of Kamala Harris has ignited an era of joy across America tonight. We thank you that even in the darkest of our pessimistic nights, love has not failed us and hope has stood its ground.

Samuel Green: We who gather, do so with the audacity to believe that there will be compassion in America. So God deliver us from racism, deliver us from Sexism, deliver us from evil and keep us forever in the path we pray amen.

Elpidophoros of America: It is now time to pray to the Lord, let us pray to the Lord eternal and ever living God source of goodness and grace. We come before you seeking your heavenly benediction upon this democratic National Convention grant and to the nominee for President of these United States Vice President, Kamala Harris and her running mate Governor Tim Walz to pursue the highest offices in the land with love with hope and with Faith in our nation.

Elpidophoros of America: Grant and to the delegates to engage with their fellow citizens in a spirit of joy and duty always seeking the best for our country. We also ask special blessings upon President Joseph Biden. First Lady Jill Biden and their family for he has given a lifetime of service and of sacrifice to the American people and has stood with nobility and integrity upon the international stage to lead in the best traditions of the United States.

Elpidophoros of America: Finally, we ask that you protect and defend the armed forces who protect and defend us so that in peace and security we may offer to you the one true God the praise that is in your due, amen.

Mitch Landrieu: Friends, do I hear a motion to recess until 530 tomorrow? Do I hear a second? All those in favor? Please say aye all those opposed say, nay? That was one hell of a night. I'm bringing this thing to a close.