Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-2-hour-2-chicago-august-20-2024

Note: [The following was transcribed by A.I. This transcript may contain errors or mistakes. Please check against the original recording to verify any quotes.]

Note: [Continued from previous hour. Note the first 22 minutes were removed and not transcribed as it contained music, a crowd overview, and a photograph.]

Unidentified: Please welcome Democratic National Convention secretary, Jason Rae.

Jason Rae: Well, good evening, delegates. My name is Jason Rae and I'm honored to serve as the Secretary of both the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic National Convention. I remember watching my very first convention on television when I was just ten years old, it was the 1996 convention right here at the United Center.

Jason Rae: Now nearly three decades later, I could not be more thrilled to join you in making history as we nominate Vice President Kamala Harris pursuant to our convention rules. We will now proceed with the celebratory roll call vote for the Democratic Party's candidate for the 47th President of the United States of America.

Jason Rae: As a reminder, our nomination was made official on August 6th upon the certification of the virtual roll call. This roll call will reflect those results. The chair of each delegation or their designee will report its delegation's voting results for the Presidential nomination. Pursuant to the rules, the roll call will follow the alphabetical order of the states with the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, the territories and Democrats abroad treated as states for the purposes of the alphabetical roll call.

Jason Rae: Delegates, are you ready? Let me hear you.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is DJ Cassidy and I'd like to welcome you all to the Democratic National Convention roll call. Now we're going to pass the mic from state to state so that all our voices are heard all around the nation.

Unidentified: But first, let me pass it back to Secretary Rae to get the celebration started.

Unidentified: Turn it up, turn it up, yay.

Jason Rae: Alabama. How do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Hey, turn it up.

Unidentified: Alabama passes.

Jason Rae: Delaware, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: On behalf of the great state of Delaware, home of our beloved 46th President of the United States, Joseph Robinette, Biden, Jr.

Unidentified: It is our honor to unanimously cast our 34 votes for the next President of the United States Vice President, Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Thank you, Delaware. Alabama, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: In a letter from the Birmingham Jail, Doctor King wrote that progress is not inevitable. We have to fight for it. We have to win it. Kamala Harris will protect the legacy and the progress that we've made by our forefathers and our foremothers and she will advance it. She will safeguard our freedom to vote by passing the John, Robert Lewis voting rights advancement. She will fight for freedom and opportunity and build an economy that works for everyone.

Unidentified: So from Huntsville to Mobile, from the Black Belt to the Wiregrass from the historic civil rights cities of Birmingham, Montgomery and my hometown of Selma from the people who brought us the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act, the proud great state of Alabama proudly casts 56 votes for the first black woman President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris and the next Vice President, Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: Alaska, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Alaska's motto is North to the future and that's exactly where Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh are going to take us a future full of opportunity for everyone as a teacher, a union member and a proud black woman. It is my honor to cast Alaska's 19 delegates for the next President of these United States Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: American Samoa, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Here in American Samoa faith service and community are everything. That's why we cast ten votes for our next President Kamala Harris, who can now once again.

Unidentified: My name is D.J. Cassidy, and this is the DNC roll call, so let's pass the mic around the nation.

Jason Rae: Buenas tardes, Arizona, how do you cast your vote.

Unidentified: Buenas tardes from the Grand Canyon state of Arizona, the future of the Democratic Party where we've been bringing the heat since 2020, electing Democrats up and down the ballot. Our diverse coalition is proud to cast our her 85 votes for Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Arkansas, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: On behalf of the great state of Arkansas, the home of American legends, Johnny Cash and Sister Rosetta Tharpe Home of the trailblazing civil rights leaders, Daisy Bates and the little Rock nine and home of the birthplace of President, William Jefferson Clinton, who inspired all of us in A place called Hope Arkansas cast our votes for Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor, Tim Waltz

Jason Rae: California, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, the great state of California passes at this time.

Jason Rae: California passes. Colorado. How do you cast your vote.

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary in Colorado, we know how to climb mountains and we're going to make sure Kamala Harris and Tim Walz reach the summit and win this election. Colorado proudly casts its votes for Kamala Harris. Giddyup and go.

Jason Rae: Connecticut, how do you cast your vote Connecticut?

Unidentified: The Constitution state over the submarine home of the jet engine, home of the UConn Huskies slam dunk home of Keith Richards lead guitar. We vote tonight, we cast 73 votes and one President for -- and one President for the first female President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris. Now we're passing the mic all around the world tonight. So let's join together here. We go here, we go, here we go, let's go.

Jason Rae: Democrats abroad, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary Democrats abroad represents millions of Americans who live abroad and vote back home. In all 50 states and in D.C., U.S. citizens can go to vote from abroad to register and request a ballot on behalf of our large diverse community. We joyfully cast 21 votes for Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: By all means. The District of Columbia, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: We are Washington D.C. home to 700,000 Americans where millions have watched for jobs and justice where Doctor King had a dream and Obama had hope and where in January 2025 we will host the inauguration of President, Kamala Harris. We know Kamala Harris will fight for our freedom and we will work together to make Washington DC The 51st state

Unidentified: The District of Columbia is proud to cast its 51 votes for the next President of the United States, Kamala, Harris.

Jason Rae: Florida, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Florida is worth fighting for. That's why we're fighting back against project 2025 and Republican extremism. We won't go back, we won't back down. I cast four votes present and 243 votes in the great state of Florida for the first President. First female President of the United States Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Georgia, how do you cast your vote?

Note: [The MC makes rounds to Georgia.]

Jason Rae: Mr. Secretary, the South's got something to say. I'm Congresswoman Nikema Williams chairwoman of the Democratic Party of Georgia.

Unidentified: Georgia, the home of President, Jimmy Carter, the cradle of the civil rights movement where we fight for our freedom extremists in Georgia are trying to silence our voices by kicking Georgians off of the rolls and making it harder to vote. But y'all, when we sing Kamala Harris to the white House, she'll fight for our freedom to vote our reproductive freedoms and our freedom to thrive.

Unidentified: In the spirit of good trouble, Georgia has 123 votes for the next President of the United States, Kamala, Harris.

Jason Rae: Guam. How do you cast your vote?

Lou Leon Guerrero: [Inaudible] I am Governor Lou Leon Guerrero, the first female governor of our beautiful island, Guam, the home of the indigenous Chamorro people and where America's day begins. And we proudly cast our 12 votes to the next first female President of the United States of America, Viva Kamala Beba Kamala.

Jason Rae: Aloha, hawaii. How do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: America. Thank you all for loving Hawaii. The spirit of aloha means acting with love and kindness our Hawaii was the first state to legalize abortion. Our state was the first to ratify the ERA. Our state was the first to pass universal health care for all and target 100% renewable energy.

Unidentified: Our state is the birthplace of Barack Obama. Our state shares the values of Kamala Harris and we cast six votes present and 23 votes for Kamala Harris. First woman President

Jason Rae: Idaho, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Republicans ripped away our reproductive freedoms, but Idaho Democrats are mounting our comeback for the first time in decades. We're running in every legislative district. We are not going back. Idaho cast 27 votes for Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, today is a celebration, a celebration of democracy, a celebration of freedom, a celebration of future Chicago. Are you ready? Back with our convention host.

Jason Rae: Illinois, how do you cast your vote?

J.B. Pritzker: Mr. Secretary, Illinois Democrats are doing the work to win in November and I am proud to introduce my partner in the fight my governor, J.B. Pritzker from the great state, the great state of Illinois. The Prairie State home of four Presidents including President Barack Obama.

J.B. Pritzker: The birthplace of skyscrapers and the adopted home of Superman, the cornerstone of the Midwest Blue Wall, the first state to ratify the 13th amendment ending slavery And the 19th Amendment granting women the right to vote illinois cast one vote present and 176 votes for the next President of the United States future, madam President Kamala Harris

Jason Rae: Indiana, how do you cast your vote.

Sean Astin: Indiana welcomed me into its heart. Indiana welcomed me into its heart as soon as I married Christine Harrell from Rolling Prairie. And that's before I lived in Hawkins or played the littlest player with the biggest heart at the University of Notre Dame, Rudy.

Sean Astin: I want what's best for Indiana and that means electing kamala Harris, the first woman President of the United states of America.

Andre Carson: On behalf of the great Hoosier State, home of the largest single sporting day event in the world, the Indy 500 home of Michael Jackson, home of Babyface home of David Letterman, Indiana, delivered this 86 delegates to kamala Harris and Tim Walz as the next President and Vice President.

Jason Rae: Iowa, how do you cast your vote.

Unidentified: Thank you. Mr. Secretary, the tall corn state of Iowa, the state that launched Barack Obama on his way to the presidency, the state that put Education on its state quarter and the state that feeds and fuels the world casts one vote absent absent and 45 votes. For the next President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: Kansas, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: I can't -- I can't hear I can't hear, I can't hear. I can't hear.

Unidentified: Hello. Delegates from the center of America, the Sunflower State, Kansas, where our farmers feed america where we elect strong women who govern from the middle. As the first ever black chair of Kansas, I am proud to cast our 39 votes for the first black woman President, Kamala Harris

Jason Rae: Commonwealth of Kentucky, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Since 2021, the Biden-Harris administration has shown up for the Commonwealth of Kentucky and today we're showing up for Vice President Harris. With this administration, we've broken every record for private sector investment exports, tourism wages and new jobs. Together, we're building the two largest battery plants on planet Earth and we open the cleanest greenest recycled paper mill the world has ever seen. We are proud to cast 56 votes for the next President of the United States Kamala Harris

Jason Rae: Louisiana, how do you cast your votes?

Wendell Pierce: Greetings from Louisiana, Mr. Secretary. My name is Wendell Pierce, and I'm a proud son of Louisiana and Louisiana is about family and I'm surrounded by my family of the delegates of Louisiana and our great Congressman Troy Carter, Louisiana cast his vote in support of our democracy and we stand in line for a more perfect union.

Wendell Pierce: And born out of that democracy from the Big Easy, the northernmost Caribbean city, the last Bohemia was jazz and nothing could be more emblematic of jazz and democracy than what we swing with in the Big Easy. And it's because of that that I am here to cast my personal vote for the next President of the United States, Kamala Harris. And now the leader of our party, Mr. Randall Gaines.

Randall Gaines: The great state of Louisiana, a state that embodies the principles and spirit of hope and resilience and so does Kamala Harris. The great state of Louisiana cast this one vote present and our 47 votes for the next President of the United States, Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, we're halfway there. Are you ready? Here we go, here we go. Let's go, let's go. Next up is Maine.

Jason Rae: Maine, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: Mr. Chair, great state of Maine, home of environmental, climate activists and champions like Edmund Muskie and George Mitchell happy birthday today, George the -- the state where the sun rises first on the nation over our bold and rocky coast, bringing with it today a new day for the brave and open hearted people of this country. We have improved lives, restored rights and preserved our environment in Maine for future generations.

Unidentified: Maine leads and as Maine goes, so will go. The nation maine proudly casts 30 votes for our next President, Kamala, Harris.

Jason Rae: Maryland, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: We are Maryland and we represent Marylanders past and present who have contributed to America's greatness. We are the birthplace of Harriet Tubman. We are the birthplace of Thurgood Marshall. We are the birthplace of Frederick Douglass. We are the place where soldiers defended our freedoms in Baltimore and also in Antietam and the home of thousands of veterans who call Maryland home. And this community of patriots is proud to cast our votes for the next President of the United States Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, the people of Massachusetts know something about making history, the first Thanksgiving in Plymouth, the first public school, the first public library where we don't ban books health care for all and the first shots fired in our revolution. And we are proud as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to make history once again.

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, Massachusetts counts 116 votes, all of our votes for Kamala Harris for the office of President of the United States.

Jason Rae: Michigan, how do you cast your votes?

Lavora Barnes: Good evening from the Great Lakes State. I'm Michigan Democratic Party chair Lavora Barnes. Michigan has an incredible story. We put the world on wheels and we built the middle class.

Debbie Stabenow: And I'm Debbie Stabenow. We are getting things done in Michigan. In 2022 We flipped our state House of Representatives for the first time in 40 years, we're getting it done in Michigan.

Gretchen Whitmer: And I'm governor Gretchen Whitmer, we cut taxes, we protected freedoms, we brought manufacturing home and we know how to win this November bringing together Michigan, cast three residents present 125 votes for our next President Kamala Harris,

Jason Rae: Minnesota. How do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: Mr. Secretary, the great state of Minnesota, home of Vice President, Hubert Humphrey; Vice President Walter Mondale; and the next Vice President of the United States, Tim Walz. We pass.

Jason Rae: Minnesota passes it. Mississippi, how do you cast your vote?

Cheikh Taylor: Mr. Secretary, I'm state chair Cheikh Taylor from the home of magnolias and mockingbirds from the great state of Mississippi from the red clay hills to the Mississippi River to our Gulf Coast. We're proud of our heroes such as Fannie Lou Hamer and our special guest [Inaudible] the honorable Bennie Thompson. Yeah, with great joy, Mississippi delivers 40 votes for our future President Miss Kamala Harris.

Unidentified: Tonight is a celebration of love a celebration of life, so let the celebration continue.

Jason Rae: [Inaudible] Missouri. How do you cast your vote?

Russ Carnahan: Mr. Secretary, I'm Russ Carnahan, chairman of Missouri Democrats. We're home to Super Bowl champion, Kansas city Chiefs. We are home to common sense leaders like President Truman Senators, Eagleton, Carnahan McCaskill and we will fire Josh Hawley and hire marine veteran Lucas Coon. Our voters will reclaim reproductive freedom.

Russ Carnahan: Kamala Harris is in a lightning bolt of energy and hope across this country and we proudly cast two votes present and 68 votes for Kamala, Harris and our Midwestern friend, Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: All right, Montana, how do you cast your votes?

Unidentified: We the delegates of the proud state of Montana on behalf of big Sky country, the last best place in these United States and grateful for the beauty of our land and determined to protect it for future generations. We who sent the first woman to Congress proudly cast our 24 delegate votes to send the first woman to the white House Kamala Harris.

Jason Rae: From Nebraska, how do you cast your vote.

Unidentified: Nebraska home to four tribal nations today and icons, Malcolm X Standing Bear and Willa Cather and our homegrown homeboy, tim Wall and the -- and the quality of life capital of the country. Lincoln capital of Husker Nation, where the Biden-Harris team and unions are rebuilding the heartland and Omaha, now affectionately known as Omaha, where we will protect the Blue Dog. We are ready for it. Nebraska proudly casts our 34 votes for Kamala Harris and coach Tim Walz.

Jason Rae: Nevada, how do you cast your vote?

Unidentified: As a survivor of the largest mass shooting in modern American history, I'm voting for Kamala Harris because America is done running from gun violence, no more. Pretending books are more dangerous to second graders than assault rifles, no more stolen lives, no more silenced dreams, no more shattered families as Vice President. She helped pass the nation's first significant gun safety law in 30 years. Nevada is the battle born state and Kamala Harris was born for this battle. Now our chair, Daniele Monroe-Moreno.

Daniele Monroe-Moreno: Nevada, is the most diverse battleground state in the country, home of the late great Senator Harry Reid, the only Latina ever to serve in the U.S. Senate, Catherine Cortez Masto. And we are the first and only women majority state legislature. As Nevada's first black woman chair, I proudly deliver the Silver State's 48 votes for the next President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]