Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/harris/transcript/kamala-harris-convention-day-4-hour-3-chicago-august-22-2024

John Russell: Hello America, thank you to the workers that make this convention happen. Let's never forget how essential all of our labor is. I come from Appalachia. We kept the lights on in this country for generations, but the wealth made by our broken backs and our black lungs never did trickle down and Washington listened to rich men demanding that we stick with dirty energy at any cost.

John Russell: Across the country, working class people are looking for a political home after years of both parties putting profit above people. Now Trump a billionaire says that he'll take on the elites, but then he promises handouts to Big Oil. And he punches down at anyone with the guts to be different, but populism populism that insists we are too different to get along is just divide and conquer by a different name.

John Russell: There's another sort of populism with roots in this party that we in West Virginia know well, they called us rednecks back in the 1920s because striking workers from all different races wore red bandanas around their necks as they fought and died for respect and a living wage. Their fight yesterday is our fight right now.

John Russell: Right now, it is our choice to build on this progress and to create a political home for the mass of working Americans, fighting for control over their government, their workplaces and their planet. And it is our moment to live up to let's get after it. Thank you very much.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] I don't know why, but I feel like freed up. When our team of students passed one of the first climate justice policies in our nation vice President Kamala Harris showed up. She came to highlight our initiative because she believes in us. Last year, my dad retired after spending more than 30 years working at one of our country's most polluting power plants.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Donald Trump doesn't care about people like my dad. I know Vice President Harris will put working families ahead of big oil billionaires Kamala Harris approaches climate. Policy through the eyes of future generations like mine. As new voters and as new leaders, I'm excited to join Harris in the fight for our future freedom.

Unidentified: Please welcome Florida Representative Maxwell Frost.

Maxwell Frost: I'm Maxwell Frost and I'm proud to be the first member of my generation in Congress. I'm also proud to represent Central Florida. You might expect me to talk about how climate change will impact our future. But as a Floridian as a Florida man, I'm here to tell you that the climate crisis isn't some far off threat.

Maxwell Frost: It is here donald Trump and J.D. Vance think they can divide us by saying this crisis is some type of hoax, But I've walked the streets of communities that have been forced to rebuild after hurricane flooding destroyed their homes. I've heard the stories of immigrant farm workers made to work in horde conditions exacerbated by this crisis and I felt the scorching record heat and know that climate change can sometimes feel like an unstoppable force.

Maxwell Frost: But with our movement and with organizing and an administration that cares, we are making progress. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have proven that tackling this crisis creates jobs that investing in clean energy, protects our health and that investing in mass public transit builds strong communities and we must always remember that peace is essential to our climate and war destroys our environment.

Maxwell Frost: This election is about every drop of water that we consume and every breath we breathe, fighting the climate crisis is patriotic. And unlike Donald Trump, our patriotism is more than some damn slogan on a hat. It's about actually giving a damn about the people who live in this country.

Maxwell Frost: Because when you love somebody, you want them to have clean air when you love somebody you want them to have safe drinking water and when you love somebody, you want them to have a dignified job. And so America, it's simple. Let's get to work and elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz for our planet, for our future, for our present and for our people, God bless.

Note: [DJ Metro plays a short set.]

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Stephen Curry: [Video clip] What's up everybody, Steph Curry here, I know you all know I played for the Golden State Warriors, but man what a great honor it was to represent team USA and go out there and win that gold medal at the Olympics this summer and that unity on and Off the court reminded us all that together we can do all things and continue to inspire the world.

Stephen Curry: That's why I believe that Kamala as President could bring that unity back and continue to move our country forward. This is about preserving, hope and belief in our country, making sure families can be taken care of during their most precious times. I got to visit Kamala with my team in the white House last year and I can tell you one thing I knew then and I definitely know now.

Stephen Curry: The Oval Office suits her well. So in the words of Michelle Obama do something go vote, be active, let's show out in November like never before. It's been an honor for me to represent our country. It's an honor to support Kamala. So let's all do our part, God bless.

Unidentified: Please welcome Democratic nominee for U.S. Congress in Alabama, Shomari Figures

Shomari Figures: Good evening America and hello, sweet, home, Alabama. I am running for Alabama's second Congressional district. This is the district that gave America, the Tuskegee, Airmen Rosa Parks, Fred Gray, and it is the birthplace of the civil rights movement in Montgomery, Alabama and of course this district is home to Mr... Good trouble himself. Congressman John Lewis.

Shomari Figures: Look, my -- my pathway to this stage was paved by a legacy of fighters fighters that include my mother, Alabama State, Senator Vivian Davis figures, who is here at her 11th DNC. And it also includes my father, my late father Michael Figures, who was also a state Senator and civil rights lawyer who sued the Klan into bankruptcy.

Shomari Figures: Listen, all of America, all of us, all of us owe a debt to courageous freedom fighters both known and unknown, a debt that can never be repaid. But what we can do is ensure that the work of those fighters who came before us continues and that our sacred right to vote is always protected. Kamala Harris gets this.

Unidentified: She's working to protect our freedoms every single day and that's why she will sign into law. The John Robert Lewis Voting Rights Act once it is introduced again by Congresswoman Terri Sewell. Listen, America, a California poet named Kendrick Lamar recently reminded us that sometimes we got to pop out and show them.

Shomari Figures: Well, America is time we pop out and vote. It's time we pop out from California to Alabama and all across America and we show them that we are not going back. We are going forward and we are going forward with Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States of America. Thank you. God bless you. Roll Tide. Let's go win this thing.

Veronica Escobar: As I close out my segment tonight, I got to send a quick message madrecita querida. I love you Kamala Harris and Tim Walz understand what everyday Americans are going through, because unlike Donald Trump, they actually grew up in families where every dollar mattered where everything was earned. And nothing was handed to them.

Veronica Escobar: Our next speaker knows something about that too. Please welcome my dear friend, my, our fellow Texan, our next Senator Representative Colin Allred.

Colin Allred: All right, hey everybody, I'm Colin Allred, a Congressman from Dallas, dad to two perfect little boys and this November I'm going to beat Ted Cruz and I'm so proud to be here to support our next President, Kamala Harris. You know like Kamala I was raised by a single mom, mom was a public school teacher who often worked two jobs to make ends meet.

Colin Allred: So when we talk about lowering costs, I think about the times when we went to the grocery store when I was growing up and swiped the debit card and said a little prayer. But my mom and my community in Texas gave me a chance to chase my version of the American Dream. I played football at Baylor and in the NFL before becoming a civil rights lawyer and representing my hometown in Congress.

Colin Allred: Now I'm the guy who's going to turn Texas's Senate seat blue. You know in the NFL we had a term for guys like Donald Trump and my opponent Ted Cruz me guys, you know the type talk, a big game only care about themselves. But you don't want to be stuck with them at a barbecue. The truth is America has never been about me. As President Obama said, the single most powerful word in our democracy is the word we -- we, the people.

Colin Allred: We shall overcome, yes, we can and we've got a message for the me guys. We is more powerful than me. We will protect and restore reproductive freedom. We will secure the border, we will protect Medicare and Social Security and we'll turn the page and write a new chapter for this country and elect Kamala Harris to be the next President and beat Ted Cruz. Thank you all so much. God bless you and may God bless Texas.

Anya Cooke: I'm Anya Cooke, this is my husband Derek and our daughter Anaya two years ago, a miscarriage nearly killed me at 16 weeks. My doctors told me to prepare for a stillbirth I needed care, but my state's abortion restrictions kept it from me. I miscarried in a bathroom. I'll never forget my husband's face as he tried to stop the bleeding, trying to do what doctors should have been doing.

Anya Cooke: When I reached the hospital, I'd lost nearly half the blood in my body. I can't change the past, but I can -- we can choose a different future.

Craig Sicknick: I'm Craig Sicknick and this is my mother Gladys. My brother was a US Capitol Police officer, Brian Sicknick, a hero who died after defending our country on January 6th. My family knows how dangerous Trump is. He incited the crowd, while my brother and his fellow officers were putting their lives at risk. We need a real leader, not an autocrat who is stuck in the past. Brian, we miss you every day.

Gail DeVore: I'm Gail Devore, I've had type one diabetes since I was 11 Stressing about insulin cost has been a constant in my life, President Biden and Vice President Harris have moved mountains to help Medicare can finally negotiate prescription drug prices. Insulin is capped at $35 for Medicare recipients and when elected Kamala Harris plans to extend that cap to the rest of us. That's the future I want. That's the future I am voting for.

Juanny Romero: I'm Lani Romero, owner and CEO of Mothership Coffee in Las Vegas. I put in work to build my business when Covid hit. This administration support kept us moving. I hired staff and we grew -- we've more than doubled in size since the pandemic. And it's just not us over the last four years, 19 million new business applications have been filed.

Juanny Romero: Like Trump, I grew up in Queens, but unlike him, I built my business with grit. That's my story. That's the American story. Let's turn the page on Trump.

Eric Fitts: I'm Eric Fitts and these are my sons Christian and Carter, I always try to set an example for my boys to teach them, compassion, accountability and resilience. I want those values to be reflected in our leaders. I don't want to have to turn off the TV because our President is lobbing insults or telling lies.

Eric Fitts: I'm tired of all of the hate. It's time to move forward together and build a country our kids can be proud of.

Unidentified: Please welcome the Bulls official drum line Chicago's own Pack Drumline.

Note: [The Pack Drumline performs.]

Note: [DJ Metro performs a set.]

Unidentified: Please stand if you are able and welcome winners of 13 Grammy Awards and the biggest selling U.S. female group of all time, The Chicks.

Note: [The Chicks perform the Star-Spangled Banner.]

Unidentified: Please welcome Kerry Washington.

Kerry Washington: Welcome. Welcome to the final night of the Democratic National Convention. The last three nights have been extraordinary and tonight we hear from our next President Kamala Harris. Now as I Stand here, I know that there are folks on social media already saying go back to your TV show, shut up and act, but I am not here tonight as an actor. I am here as a The mother as a daughter as a proud union member.

Kerry Washington: I'm here I am here as the granddaughter of immigrants as a black woman descended from enslaved people. I am here tonight because I am an American and because I am a voter and because we -- the people are stronger when all our voices are heard.

Kerry Washington: Look, I know that I am the one standing on this stage, but I am not the lead character in this story. You are all of you, you are the messengers, you are the fixers, dare I say it, You are the Olivia Popes.

Kerry Washington: You are the superheroes, saving this democracy, it is you not me who have the greatest power to convince your loved ones to vote. So just like Michelle Obama told us, let's do something, let's make a video. Everybody take out your phones, everybody take out your phones, we're going to make a moment, can somebody bring me my phone?

Kerry Washington: I want to capture this historic moment and share it with the people that we love. Oh, hi, come on over here. Okay, nice. Okay. You're going to take this video guys, we're all going to take it together. We're going to post it to social media text. Your friends send this message out into the world. When I say when we fight, you're going to say, Are you ready? Okay, let's record we're recording. Are you ready, Tony?

Kerry Washington: Yep, okay, ready When we fight.

Unidentified: When we fight, when we fight, are you ready for Kamala Harris to win? Yes, good. Because when Kamala wins, America wins, woo, We did it. We did it, Joe. Thank you, Tony.

Tony Goldwyn: I don't get this thing.

Kerry Washington: No, you got to go. All right.

Unidentified: Hi, everybody.

Tony Goldwyn: Tony Goldwyn, ladies and gentlemen.

Kerry Washington: Okay, so listen, it's come to my attention that there are some folks who struggle or pretend to struggle with the proper pronunciation of our future President's name. So hear me out confusion is understandable. Disrespect is not so tonight. We are going to help everyone get it right here to help me are some very special guests.

Kerry Washington: Thank you. Ladies. Can you tell us your names? Hello everybody. My name is Amara and my name is Leila, her little sister and what are you here to do To teach you how to say your auntie's name. Okay.

Note: [Amara and Leila lead the audience in pronouncing "Kamala"]

Unidentified: Please welcome Meena Harris, Ella Emhoff and Helen Hudson.

Meena Harris: Hi, I'm Meena.

Ella Emhoff: I'm Ella.

Helen Hudson: And I'm Helena.

Meena Harris: I grew up in Oakland, California in a house full of extraordinary women, my mom, my grandma and my auntie who showed me the meaning of service helping her sister a 17 year old single mom fighting for justice for the American people and still cooking Sunday family dinner. She guided me now, she's guiding my own children, and I know she'll guide our country forward.

Ella Emhoff: Kamala came into my life when I was 14 famously a very easy time for a teenager like a lot of young people. I didn't always understand what I was feeling, but no matter what Kamala was there for me, she was patient caring and always took me seriously. She's never stopped listening to me and she's not going to stop listening to all of us. Kamala Harris is my godmother.

Ella Emhoff: To me, her advice means everything, whether it's pursuing my passions, making an impact or finding hope when the world doesn't feel so. Hopeful, she taught me that making a difference means giving your whole heart and taking action.

Ella Emhoff: She's fighting for economic opportunity LGBTQ+ Equality and reproductive freedom because we are not going back, she's fighting for social.

Ella Emhoff: Justice health, justice, environmental, justice and she isn't alone. We're all in this fight together. So let's keep up the fight. Let's keep up the joy and let's elect this extraordinary woman as our next. President, thank you. I'm sorry. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please welcome actor and comedian D.L Hughley.

D.L. Hughley: Hey, now, hey, Chicago, how y'all doing? What's happening California? Now wait, wait where those acres at Where they at, You know what In three months it ain't gonna be no living with y'all. I can tell. I can tell you this, I don't blame Donald Trump for not wanting to debate Kamala. I've been married to a black woman for 40 years and I ain't won one debate. I'm owing 93,000 Now. Of course, Trump is saying that Kamala isn't black.

D.L. Hughley: I guarantee you this Kamala has been black a lot longer than Trump's been a Republican and if he keeps sliding in the polls the way he is, the only thing, the only way he can keep Kamala out of the white House is if he buys it and Refuses to rent it to her. Of course Kamala is getting broad support. They got black men for Kamala white men for Kamala, Latinos and Asians for Kamala.

D.L. Hughley: They even have Republicans for Kamala republicans will come, I guess Donald Trump will finally know what it's like when you get left for a younger woman. But seriously Kamala knows the truth about the American dream. That hard work is not alone enough. Hard work alone is not enough to succeed that you need access and information and opportunity.

D.L. Hughley: And she knows that some folks are often denied those very things as President. She will give each and every one of us a fair shot in life. But I -- but I have to admit, I didn't always believe that. I mean if you told me the 15 year old me would be on stage supporting a prosecutor and a teacher, there is no way that I would have believed you.

D.L. Hughley: But because of that, I made assumptions about Kamala's record and I often repeated them to a lot of people. Then one day Kamala invited me to her house. She put her hand on my shoulder and she asked me to do some research, something I had never done something. A lot of people I know had never done before.

D.L. Hughley: Imagine attacking someone's character without a single Google search um, So I did what I should have done in the first place. I learned that she had done for us exactly what she promised to. I believe that your apology should be as loud as your accusation and I'm here apologizing in front of the whole damn world.

D.L. Hughley: I am -- I was wrong. I was wrong and I'm so very glad I was wrong because Kamala you give me hope for the future. A future where my grandchildren, Nolan and Stevie have the freedom to control their own bodies where they have the opportunity to go as far as their wits. And their talents will take them that future. Ladies and gentlemen is possible, but only if we elect Kamala Harris as the 47th President of the United States of America.

D.L. Hughley: I will say this to you, the best piece of advice I've ever gotten in my entire life is you don't have to know what you will do, just know what you want and we won't go back.

Kerry Washington: The energy in this room is electric and you can feel it everywhere all over the country in the coming weeks. I want us to find ways to maintain this energy and this joy and this commitment because there will be days when the work ahead seems impossible. And when that happens, I know what I do, I get involved, I get engaged, I ask myself how can I be of service to my community.

Kerry Washington: Because community is why this is why we do this, am I right? Yes, we do this for our children, for our parents, for our teachers and care workers who treat our loved ones like their own. We do this for working families who make this country thrive.

Kerry Washington: We do this for the planet and for each other we do this for justice and for peace and for democracy. And as we are about to hear, we do this for the safety of our communities.

Unidentified: Please welcome Genesee County Michigan Sheriff. Chris Swanson.

Chris Swanson: My job is to protect people, all people in 2020, righteous anger spilled over into the streets of Flint, Michigan, one bad decision from either side and there would have been bloodshed, but that didn't happen. We laid down our riot gear and we embraced the community. And instead of hate, we chose hope on January 6th, the opposite occurred.

Chris Swanson: That day was paved with division deceit and denigration police officers were attacked that day. It could have been stopped. We need a leader who will embody what's affixed to all three sides of my sheriff patrol cars protect serve and unify Kamala. Harris is that leader as a prosecutor Kamala Harris protected us by putting violent criminals and sex offenders behind bars.

Chris Swanson: If I was in a courtroom, she's exactly the tough prosecutor that I'd want to see as Vice President. She served America by keeping us safer and I can testify firsthand where I come from. Crime is down and police funding is up as President Kamala Harris will unify our country. She will bring us together because our country needs a leader who will go toe to toe with drug cartels and bullies.

Chris Swanson: One who has already taken the oath, Raised her right hand to advocate for the people. I can tell you in 2020 we were able to turn a protest into a peaceful movement by walking together one city, one community and one country America. Let's walk -- let's walk -- let's walk together and let's elect Kamala Harris and turn hate.

Chris Swanson: Into hope yet again, thank you. Thank you.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Unidentified: [Video clip] We were contemplating adopting and then out of nowhere I got pregnant, jordan was so much fun as a child. When all of a sudden, oh my God. Somebody's shooting through those rounds he aimed at Jordan. Jordan didn't deserve to die that way. The reports of an active shooter at a high school. These students have now lived through so many of these shootings since they were born almost.

Unidentified: [Video clip] We were praying and crying. I don't know how we're alive. An active shooter at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas, multiple children have been killed. Most of the bodies, so mutilated that only DNA tests or green converse could identify them. Trump did nothing on guns and was proud of it. There was great pressure on me. We did nothing.

Unidentified: [Video clip] After a mass shooting in Iowa Trump said. I have to get over it. You never get over it Kamala Harris and Joe Biden refuse to get over it as district attorney. She got illegal guns off the street as attorney general. She took on transnational crime rings and stopped gun trafficking as Vice President. She helped pass the most sweeping gun violence legislation in three decades, keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, expanding background checks, closing loopholes.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Will finally pass red flag laws, universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. Kamala understands the fight we're in. The power is with the people. And gives people like me survivors like me, hope when I worked for Everytown for Gun Safety, Georgia Representative, Lucy McBath. When I worked for Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms, Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, I saw firsthand the power of telling our stories you've just heard mine, but there are many more to tell.

Unidentified: [Video clip] On December 14th, 2012, I walked into Sandy Hook School. I stopped at the office, chatted with my principal, then started my day with my second graders, suddenly a loud crash like metal folding chairs, falling 154, Gunshots, blaring hiding in the coats trying to sing with my students. Trying to read to them.

Unidentified: [Video clip] Trying to drown out the -- sounds terror crying running, I carry that horrific day with me, 20 beautiful first grade children and six of my beautiful colleagues were killed. They should still be here. It's 10:30 a.m... At Robb elementary in Uvalde, the school is recognizing my ten year old daughter, Lexi.

Unidentified: [Video clip] For receiving all A's. She receives a Good Citizen award and we pose for photos. She wears a Saint Mary's sweatshirt and a smile that lights up the room 30 minutes later. A gunman murders her 18 classmates and two teachers. We are taken to a private room where police tell us she isn't coming home uvalde is national news, parents everywhere reach for their children. I reach out for the daughter, I will never hold again.

Note: [Event continues to next hour.]