Speaker: Kash Patel
Source: data-mentions/kash_patel/raw/20251105_abc_news_full_remarks_trump_answers_reporter_ques.txt
================================================================================

I do.

Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Durban, and members of the committee.

Mr. Chairman, I can only speak to the FBI as the director of the FBI and Mr. Epstein was not a source for the FBI.

I will commit to providing all leg all records I'm legally permitted to do so under the court orders.

Not to my knowledge, Mr. Chairman, since this matter hasn't been fully investigated, the FBI has an obligation to the public to do exactly that and figure out why it wasn't investigated.

Yes, Mr. Chairman.

Mr. Chairman, we can always do better with their private sector companies. I've reached out to uh the leaders of most of them asking them to provide more material so that we can be responsive and take legal action and protect the youth of this country. Um I'm happy to discuss, you know, possible legislation that we can do to allow for these companies to continue.

Um, Mr. Chairman, I can't speak to the steps my predecessor took, but I will um uh make sure we do a sweeping review and get back to you on that. As part of the Afghan refugees and evacuees, um, as during my tenure, we are going through the databases to make sure that no known or suspected terrorists enter this country to harm our nation. And also is my resolve as FBI director, one of the first acts we undertook was a manhunt of one of the Abigate bombers and leaders in that crime spree that killed 13 brave Americans. And within two weeks, within two weeks, we caught one of the leaders of the Abigate bomber and brought him to justice here in two weeks from Pakistan. And so my commitment to you on Afghanistan in all matters is complete and without border.

Protecting our youth is maybe the top priority for the FBI. Um, as it specifically relates to your question, Mr. Chairman, as I stated, we've searched resources, not just to this cell, but across the nation to our FBI's field office to locate children who have been trafficked, who have been victims of sexual abuse. And we have located 4,700 children in the seven months since I've been FBI director. And that is a 35% increase from the same time period last year. And we're not stopping. And we're committed to doing that work on our tribal lands as well. and we are finding victims of child trafficking and child abuse every county in every district and we're not going to stop.

The simple answer, Mr. Chairman, is the FBI will only bring cases that are based in fact and law and have a legal basis to do so. And anyone that does otherwise will not be employed at the FBI. We are doing a prospective and retrospective analyses of individuals who may have weaponized the department and the agency. And as I've committed to you during my confirmation hearing and my conversations with you, this FBI will not be weaponized anymore in either side of the aisle.

As I've committed to you with the my transparency initiative, whether it's restrictive or prohibited, every single thing we can legally provide to Congress, we will. We've also restructured how these restrictive and prohibited cases are labeled and provided access to more people in the chain of command so that more people have knowledge of what these restricted and prohibited cases are, including myself and the deputy.

I do, sir.

What's supposed to happen is leadership at the FBI is supposed to pursuant to the records act uh correctly store these records that are information management division IMD. In this room we found a plethora of hard drives, computers, hard documents, soft documents that were not so recorded, a voluminous amount of information. So we are continuously processing that information. So, a we subscribe to the records act and commit that those records will be kept permanently at the FBI. Two, we are reviewing those materials. A lot of those materials are related to ongoing investigations. And three, we are on a rolling basis providing Congress the documents that we can and we will continue to do so.

I don't know what reports I don't know what reports you're referring to, ranking member, and I reject any reporting that has false information in it. So, I'm not going to respond to that. As far as polygraphs go, generally they are always and always have been utilized at the FBI to track down those that leak sensitive information and have unauthorized disclosures to the media, and we will continue to use them to ensure the integrity of the FBI.

Senator, I'm not going to get into the personnel discussions that were had on a polygraph. Those are private discussions and many of them relate to ongoing investigations.

I'll have to get back to you.

No, sir.

My priority is protecting the American public, not getting into the weeds of polygraphs and to have a decent memory when you come before a committee. I'm happy to talk about all the good work the men and women of the FBI are doing, including provided the lowest crime rate in American history. If you want to talk about how to protect the citizens of Chicago has seen a 30% reduction in its murder rate because of the men and women of the FBI, I'll happily do that. The inter agency partners and the men and women of the Chicago PD have never been more power. Local law enforcement, please. Have you ever seen my testimony across this country where I always lead with our inter agency partnerships with state and local law enforcement? It is the pillar of what I am doing. And on the seventh floor, for the first time in FBI history, I have installed police officers and sheriffs right on my seventh floor to report to us every day what's going around the country on the street level because that is a priority of the FBI and is the only way we are going to work. I don't take credit for the anything, but I will defend the men and women of the FBI and the cops that help us get it done.

I'm not familiar with that whistleblower.

I'm not familiar with that whistleblower.

Would you prefer I've used autopen? The memorandum had the insignia of the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. And in our effort to secure transparency for the American people because the three prior administrations had not done so, we conducted an exhaustive search of everything related to the Epstein cases and we produced what was legally and permissibly able to be produced to Congress and the American public. And there's a congressional subpoena and we're continuing to do so.

Again, you are citing reporting that I think is baseless. We conducted an investigation of the Epstein case files pursuant to the direction of the president of the administration to provide all credible information and we are working with Congress pursuant to a congressional subpoena to turn over all the documents we can.

Many individuals at the Department of Justice and the FBI are responsible. There was no lead no lead person. The attorney general leads the Department of Justice and I lead the FBI. So the attorney general is responsible for that. The attorney general leads the department of justice.

I appreciate the opportunity to discuss director Bonjino's mind record. So many on this committee in the media jettison our 31 years of public service prior to I'm answering the question. You're you're questioning the integrity of the deputy director of the FBI and mine and I'm going to answer the question. The pipe bomb investigation is ongoing and I'm not going to discuss the details of the pipe bomb investigation. Mr. Bonino was a secret service agent for 15 years, a police officer for five. I served this country in multiple administrations for 16 years. We were also private citizens and we are now back in government service. And what we have the ability to do is set aside our personal beliefs to deliver the mission of justice for this country. And we're doing it day in and day out. And I find it disgusting that everyone and anyone would jettison our 31 years of combined experience that is now at the helm of the FBI delivering historic results at historic speeds for the American people.

I got a lot of evidence and I'll give it to you when I can.

I'm not going to get into personnel decisions that we made.

That's a one-sided story. Anyone that has been terminated from the FBI Fail to meet the needs of the FBI and uphold their constitutional duties and you providing a one-sided story from your purge is absolutely disgraceful because the men and women of the FBI deserve better. And your attack on the current leadership of the men and women of the FBI is equally disgraceful because now you're attacking the leaders that are our brave SACE and the people who are doing the job that this country needs and we will continue to do it.

That is your opinion. It is not a fact.

Thank you, sir.

Again, that is an entirely inaccurate presupposition. I do not have an enemy's list. You can continue to characterize it as you wish. The only actions we take, generally speaking, for personnel at the FBI, are ones based on merit and qualification and your up ability to uphold your constitutional duty. You fall short, you don't work there anymore.

We can confirm that pursuant to my action that that grand jury testimony has been released.

Publicly.

For any background investigation, Senator, we do not discuss those publicly. And for every background investigation, when there's an adjudication, it is not made by me. It is made by the career professionals who run the inspection division and background check system.

This committee can look into anything it wishes. I'm telling you that the background investigations that are done by the HRD division are done by career individuals. They do not report the details of those to me. They adjudicate those independently and individually. That's how it's always been done.

I can speak to the time period since I got there. Background investigations have been ongoing across the board at the FBI.

I was not there.

Again, I leave it to the men and women at HRD division to run background investigations. I do not interfere with them.

I don't recall that, sir.

I don't know what allegation you're referring to, Senator. If it's from an ongoing matter in litigation, I can't discuss that. But what I can discuss is I can only speak to the FBI's background investigations. There are other background investigations conducted across the government. I can only speak to my

Taking those in reverse order, it's not a proper question and it's improper to allege that I'm doing that. And also at the FBI specifically under my leadership, we do not ask who you voted for. And just one correction for the record, if I may, Senator, it's security division that runs back our investigations, not HRD.

That's why I wanted the transcript released and we'll get it to you, sir.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, chairman.

Approximately 36,500, give or take.

In my experience, Senator, the leaders in the field are supposed to lead. So, we have empowered and we have changed the structural operation of the FBI to empower SACE's in the 56 field office 55 56 come one October to lead the mission. We've also empowered the respective assistant directors and operational directors to lead the mission. That is how you manage 36,500 37,000 people. No one or two people can do it. And that's been the transition is the power structure is being pushed out to the field operations.

Morale when I travel around the country um in my experience has never been higher. the FBI and the police officers that we work handinand glove with across this country are excited to do the work and the stats that I'm citing are no achievement of mine. The stats that I'm citing in the seven months that I've been there such as a u 42% increase in cyber arrest alone this year is because the men and women at the FBI have been empowered in the field. They want to do the work. they're getting the opportunity to do the work and with our great partners in the respective states like Texas um and where we just returned a top 10 most wanted fugitive in Cindy Singh are getting the ability to make those prosecutions a reality.

they are as a condition to maintaining your security clearance. I believe they are speaking of intelligence.

Absolutely. And the way to analogize this and why I've advocated for the designation, and I'm thankful that the Trump administration has designated these cartels and narot traffickers as foreign terrorist organizations, is because we must treat them like the foreign terrorist organizations post 911. We must treat them like the al-Qaeda of the world because that's how we're operating. And just treating them with law enforcement capabilities alone was wholly insufficient to wipe out the targets in their entirety. They always had the next man up philosophy. If you take out the leader, they got 10 guys behind them. But in order to eliminate, and that's the key, eliminate the drug trade and eliminate the pouring into this country of narcotics, we have to use authorities at the Department of War and the intelligence community to go after the threat like we did terrorists when we were manhunting them. And now we have that ability and we're seeing that in live time whether it's on the uh the strike on the boat or going down into Mexico and working with our Mexican authorities with these intelligence assets to say we've located not just the person in charge, the cadre in charge, but the entire network and we are now able to dismantle that entire network. It's going to take time. The manhunt after 911 took some years and this is going to be a yearslong mission.

Um I can only speak to the FBI. We are applying all of them to our counter the CT mission set to the CN mission set and we're using the new authorities given to our intelligence community partners in the department of war to combine these collective efforts and in a new way meeting together and creating an inter agency process that gets after the threat threat dynamic and whether that's in a kill operation a capture operation a surrender operation or a host nation takedown like we did with the counterterrorism mission sets in Afghanistan in Iraq in Pakistan and elsewhere we are applying that to the drug traffickers in Mexico and Venezuela and Colombia.

Absolutely, Senator.

Generally speaking, we have traced a lot of this to loose groups overseas that don't have any sort of central cluster.

the only time we would involve um an investigation of a journalist if they've conducted or committed an allegation of separate criminal activity um most prominently leaks of classified information.

Senator, we did dig in and we are doing our investigation simultaneously with Congress. And just to put it in perspective, we've provided 700 documents on the Richmond Catholic memo specifically to this committee. Uh whereas my predecessor provided 19 pages. And not only that, but we looked into how the source recruitment structure at the FBI was conducted during this time. And we made adjustments and permanent fixes to ensure that sources are not put into houses of worship unless there is an actual ongoing criminal or international terrorism threat. We will not use sources at this FBI to de to investigate and callull information just for the sake of callulling information in houses of worship.

There have been terminations related to this um and resignations.

We are investigating dozens of those matters because uh let me just say this. As far as the FBI is concerned, generative AI that produces CESAM, child sexual abuse material, under our investigative authorities is treated as equally as if it were actual child sexual abuse material. There's no difference for me in the FBI on this.

Uh, you're referring to NVE, Neilistic Violent Extremism, and 764. It has been made a priority of the FBI because they are targeting children and these chat bots and these generative AI are getting coupled with actual humans who are using them and releasing them because they can do the work faster and quicker than humans can and get into spaces like social media where humans have a difficulty in engaging. And what we're doing is treating any extension of generative AI as the criminal themselves. And we have I think I've got to get the number back to you but uh over a thousand investigations related to NVE. We've had numerous takedowns and arrest of 764 individuals and we are educating. This may be the most important part. I'm directly engaging with the social media and media companies, uh, the internet service providers to find a way to shut down. There's nothing I can do at the FBI to force them to shut it down, but work with you and Congress to find a way to work with our partners to get that shut down permanently.

Uh Senator, thank you. One quick correction for the record. There's 280 Envy investigations. I gave the incorrect number to Senator Holly. Thank you. Understood. Um, as far as a lot of your statement, I disagree with it and I'm happy to address it, but the only way, generally speaking, an individual is terminated at the FBI is if they have violated their oath of office, violated the law, or failed to uphold the standards that we need them to have at the FBI. So, those who say that they've been fired um because of working on investigations into President Trump are lying or misrepresenting. Well, those matters are alleged in litigation which is ongoing.

We have a suspect. Yes, sir.

33 hours.

I believe that timeline's correct, Senator.

As I've said since the beginning, Senator, it is very much an ongoing investigation and um I can't speak to the state charges. That's for the state to address on their own, but we are providing them with the same investigatory findings reporting the department. And as I noted to Senator uh I believe it was uh Cornin or Holly that there are a number of individuals that are currently being investigated and interrogated and a number yet to be investigated and interrogated specific to that chat room. So we are very much in our ongoing posture of investigation.

Yes sir.

Yes, sir.

I believe their text messages and their testimony that was secured by the OIG and DOJ speak themselves.

The only people that can decide that settlement are the uh attorney general in conjunction with the director and the administration.

Yes, sir.

Well, I won't speak for other people, having been a target of that weaponization, having been a staffer on the House Intelligence Committee, having had the Justice Department weaponized against me for making the findings and leading the investigation of Russia gate, I know what that feels like. And that's why as the FBI director, I'm committing to not ever have that ever happen again. But I'm also committed to fully investigating what was done. And that matter is still ongoing.

Yes, sir.

Anyone that politicizes their job at the FBI will not work at the FBI.

I don't know how that can be true when the stats that I cited to include the 23,000 arrest, 6,000 weapon seized, 1,600 gang and criminal enterprise organizations, 40 4,700 children found and rescued, more enough fentinol seized to kill a third of America, the men and women of the FBI are now in an a-olitical mission. And this is why the numbers are historic in

I don't ask people who they vote for and neither does the FBI.

Many people in the FBI take polies.

Yes.

Yes, sir.

Decades.

I have not reviewed the entirety of it myself, but a good amount.

That was specifically the allegations in the 2018 indictment in the Southern District of New York.

in terms of what the investigation again going back to 2008 Mr. Aosta who limited the investigation and limited the search warrants and limited the parameters of the investigation the only thing we are able to speak to publicly because he was given a nonprosecution agreement by Mr. Costa is that first time period from I believe, don't quote me on this, 97 to 2001ish. And then when the Trump administration courageously reopened it,

There is no credible information. None. If there were, I would bring the case yesterday that he traffked to other individuals and the information we have again is limited. So the answer is no one for the information that we have in the files in the case file.

Yes, sir.

We're releasing as much as we can. Um, but we are limited by three different court orders and the department went back to each of those judges to wave those court orders or have them lifted and each of those judges declined.

We will release everything. We are legally permitted to do so. We are continuing to work with the house on the subpoena request. We have substantially required with it, complied with it, but we will continue to release whatever we are legally permitted to do so.

Mr. Chairman, may I just respond to that? I agree, Senator, and what we have done. And just to remind folks, the Epstein case files existed in the two prior administrations in the Obama administration and the Biden administration. They didn't release anything. And there was President Trump in the first administration that renewed charges against Mr. Epstein. And I know it's a little complicated to understand. Uh but what exists in the Epstein case files was a direct result of the limited search warrants from 2006 and 7 which hamstrung future investigations because of the nonprosecution agreement and multiple administrations had the opportunity to look at the entirety of that case file and recommend prosecutions against anyone that was trafficked under Mr. Epstein and anyone that participated in that trafficking. and the only person to bring charges was the prior administration against Mr. Epstein. Now, I am not saying that others were not trafficked and others were not involved. What I am telling you is that based on the information we have and we have continuously and publicly asked for the public to come forward with more information. If there is, we'll look at it. But based on credible information, we have released all credible information. And the information that the Department of Justice and the FBI never releases is information on investigations that are not credible. And we don't release the names of victims who weren't credible. But in the same time, we don't release the names of victims who were credible. And so the information that's by law and so the information we are releasing now is historic and it is also to the maximum capacity that the law allows. And I know that's not going to satisfy many, many, many people, but if they wanted it done right, then the investigation from its origination should have been done right. And he should not have been given a get out of jail free card to do jail on the weekends for 12 hours a day. And he should have been investigated fully for the entirety of his crime and criminal enterprise, not just from 1997 to 2001.

I completely disagree with your entire premise that I have lied or misleading the FBI. If I were, the results that I announced today by the men and women of the FBI and the historic records we are doing to keep this country safe would not be possible. The men and women of the FBI are responding to our leadership and this administration's priorities. The only way people get terminated at the FBI is if they fail to meet the muster of the job and their duties. And that is where I will leave it. And you accusing me of lying is something I don't take lightly, but I'm not going to get into a tit for tat with you.

Generally speaking, we always discuss with the White House OM during the budget process how many personnel we need, who we need, where answer is yes. for budgetary purposes to fire people agents because they participated in investigations of the president. I don't receive directions to do that.

any termination at the FBI was a decision that I made based on the evidence that I have as a director of the FBI and it's my job and I'm not going to shy away from it. And as you stated, those are allegations and that is an ongoing litigation. So, they'll have their day in court. So will we.

It literally doesn't. As you've acknowledged that in fact they have been in contact with you about personnel decisions. The White House has been do not put words in my mouth. We're on the record. The White House, like any administration, contacts its agencies on the budgeting process and where it needs personnel and where the mission priorities are. That always happens. If they didn't do that, they would be abdicating the responsibility to law enforcement. I will always work with my partners in the chain of command at the Department of Justice and the White House to ensure that this FBI is delivering the results we are delivering to include the lowest murder rate in modern US history, to include the most fentinyl seizures in modern US history, to include the most lives saved and the most children found in modern US history. That is a working FBI. That is not a failing FBI.

No.

I've been asked by my chain of command to properly root out criminal activity wherever it is in whatever investigation we are conducting and that's what we're doing.

Nobody gives me a list on who to target. My targeting list is from the men and women at the FBI.

Whatever those investigations are, they're ongoing and I'm not going to get into them.

No.

I have wildly committed to respecting the first amendment rights of agents. But at the FBI, you have to balance your first amendment rights with your mission.

Sir, I believe it was a leftwing ideology.

Sir, I'll I'll rely on you on these. Um I don't have off the top of my head. I'm sorry.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing, leftwing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

Left wing.

We'll get you a number.

Not off the top of my head. And I want to get you the right number.

I don't think that number is accurate.

I say we will get you the numbers and anyone that retires is of their own valition and anyone that is terminated at the FBI as I've said before is done so because they have failed to meet the standards and uphold their loyalty and oath to the constitution.

Yeah, actually every single field office in the country, including Hawaii, has received a plus up of FBI agents because we're pushing them out to the field.

In Hawaii, there's been a plus up. In every single state that I'm looking at, we have allocated a plus up for field offices across the country so that the FBI can continuing the historic achievements it's done in these last seven months. When you're talking about firings, you're looking for a media hit and a fundraising clip and I'm not going to give it to you.

Nope. That's not my testimony. You asked it one time. I answered it one time. You didn't get the answer you wanted for your clip. Keep asking it. And I told you I'd get you the numbers, but you can keep asking it.

The greatest allocation that I believe was given to California and then Florida.

California and Florida.

excellent qualified personnel to lead the mission of arresting 23,000 violent criminals this year alone. That's twice as many as before. Took the places of I'm not going to give you any names so you can attack them.

So you can attack them. I'm not doing that. The people sitting in those seats are extremely qualified to handle the job. We would not have the results of personnel. We would not have the reduction of violence in the state of Hawaii if we did not allocate the resources we did.

FBI agents primary responsibility is exactly what they are assigned to do. We always work with our inter agency. Return to their position. If you're not going to let me answer, why don't you just do your saliloquy in the four and a half minutes you have left.

They never left.

They never left their primary job. It is a surge of resources in law enforcement working with the inner agency to combat violent crime and reduce violent crime in historically.

The cyber branch is one of the most impressive at the FBI. 409 arrests this year, 169 convictions. That's a 42% increase from the same time last year. So any suggestion that the FBI cyber division is not operating at full capacity and better than ever before. The leadership at the branch is implementing these changes necessary to attack the cyber and ransomware infrastructure operators for Iran, China.

What are the names you're not getting?

All agents remained on their primary duties while surging to to allocate resources for inter agency operations to the homeland security task forces across this country.

No, you get the work that the men and women of the FBI are doing. You don't want that.

The only people that will be terminated at the FBI will be those that violate their oath of office, fail to meet the high standards at the FBI.

We are requiring a physical program at BFTC at Quantico because FBI agents carrying guns in the field have to chase down bad guys and do really hard work. The physical fitness standards of those agents are signs of pull-ups. We are requiring everybody to pass the 1811 standards at BFTC. If you want to chase down a bad guy and put him in handcuffs, you better be able to do a pull-up.

Doing one pull-up is not harsh and there are always medical exemptions to that.

Um, that is an entire falsehood. You can delete my 16 years of government service to multiple administrations all you want. The fact is that I was a public defender. I was a national security prosecutor. I was a house intelligence staffer. I was a deputy director of intelligence. I was a chief of staff to the Department of Defense and the Secretary of Defense. I led the counterterrorism missions for the White House. Those are just some of the jobs I held in my 16-year career. There was no loyalty then. There's no loyalty now to anything but the Constitution.

Yes, sir.

Yes. No.

As I was preparing for my confirmation hearing, I had numerous discussions involving the type of people that would be employed and that those that were failing to meet the mark at the FBI would no longer be employed if I were

No, you're wrong.

I don't have the grand jury transcript. That's why I released it. Whatever it says is the best evidence.

And that is why I took your invitation to work with the department in the court to have that transcript released. And the transcript is the best evidence of what I said.

Because the premise of your question is inaccurate.

That matter is under litigation and I'm not able to discuss it.

Not that I recall.

Frequently on our homeland security task forces.

I frequently talk to Mr. Miller about Homeland Security Task Forces.

Mr. Miller's inter agency operations are invaluable to sex the FBI. That's what we talk about.

Absolutely. She's the attorney general.

If the FBI under my seven-month leadership were failing this administration in this country, why do we have 23,000 violent felons arrested this year alone? A 200, excuse me, a double increase from that time last year. Why is it that we have seized 6,000 weapons? Why have we found 1500 child predators and arrest them? Why have we have 300 human traffickers in jail? Why have we found and identified 4,700 children? Why have we seen 1,600 kgs of fentinol in in enough to kill a third of the American public? A 25% increase alone from last year, 88,000 kg of cocaine seized, 700 kg of meth seiz. And that's just on our criminal operations in summer heat. How is it possible that we're taking 8 kg off the streets of the cities in New Jersey and preventing the deaths of 607,000 people this year alone? A failure of the FBI and my leadership. How is it that we have counter intelligence arrest already this year exceeding the numbers from the entirety of last year? 33% increase in PRC, 83% in Russia, 60% in the CI space as it relates to Iran. And we haven't even talked about CT, the southern border, the northern border.

Yes, sir.

4,700.

Generally speaking, we've interviewed numerous people, um, family members and friends, um, including the partner to provide us with, uh, detailed history of the knowledge he may have had, the suspect may have had prior to. We're still mapping out who, if anyone was involved as an accomplice. As I said, the investigation is ongoing. We're also speaking to and going to interview numerous individuals online who were part of a chat group that was involved in this um anus assassination. And we're also going to work with our state and local partners out in Utah to find out what community organizations, if any, participated or had any foreign knowledge of this information, but it's very much ongoing. I remind everybody that uh it's not even been a week since um Charlie's tragic uh death.

Yes, Senator. Uh, and I assume the FBI is investigating.

I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question?

We're still developing that.

As to the actual source, we're still developing that.

I believe Antifa is associated with a lot of violence in this country as to its designation. I'll leave that to the appropriate authorities.

Yes.

As I've always said, Senator, money doesn't lie and we've been following the money. And so that's what we're doing, issuing lawful process to organizations involved with criminal activity because the money's got to come from somewhere and it has to be funded somehow. So we have extensive investigations ongoing into numerous organizations that are related to violent criminal activity.

I'll get those to you, Senator.

No, I'll get the full list to you.

Absolutely, Senator. Um, part of tracking ghost guns, as you alluded to, um, is having a sustainable database, which is hubbed out of our sieges division in West Virginia. And we've allocated more resources so that FFLs can track and trace firearms that are stolen and make sure they don't get into the population. Um, that's one of my primary concerns that we don't want stolen weapons anywhere near anything.

That's actually a great question that we have dedicated a lot of resources to again at Sieges. The Nyx system has been trying to get to 100% within 15 minutes. We are currently at 93% um with 87% of those being responsive in less than 60 seconds. So we got more work.

No, I just think we have to um work on how fast our actual infrastructure processes these things.

Any form of terrorism, domestic or international, is the highest priority at the FBI?

We did not divert resources away. When cars were exploding and people were being set on fire, I directed resources to address it.

The disbanding of that task force did not in any way reallocate or take away resources from that critical mission set.

as I've highlighted through our cyber programs which have seen a 40 50 60% increase in arrests for cyber threat actors looking to not just harm our critical infrastructure systems but also interfere in our elections. We've had multiple arrests this years of individuals who are interfering in that process.

I can't speak for the Department of Justice.

Whatever request that uh we had pursuant to the department's direction were provided.

Whatever requests we get from the department, I don't have those details in front of me. We provide whatever requests they have.

Absolutely, Senator. So, Operation Viper nest under Operation Summer Heat. And in multiple cities and mid- major cities across the country, we have surging resources based on crime. And Memphis, as you know, Senator, had the highest per capita homicide in the rate in the country. And that was simply unacceptable. And so, what we did was what we call phase 01 of operations at the president's direction. We went into some of these cities quietly to collect the intelligence that was necessary to start these operations to start seizing these firearms which we seized I think over 115 firearms off the streets to start taking narcotics off the streets and also to infiltrate the gang network this criminal street gang network that is providing these guns and drugs to the public in these communities allowing for these shootings. And so what the FBI is good at, what the FBI is great at is partnering with our local authorities in places like Memphis and Miami um in Chicago and uh and so many other cities across the country to start the work because you can't do the work um on a dartboard basis. You need ground level intelligence and that's what we do working with our state and local law enforcement. And the results, I think they said over a hundred indictments federally just in this three, four month surge. And now we're going to go in there with more resources to finish it.

Well, just like what happened here in Washington DC, it takes a whole of government inter agency approach where we're working with uh the attorney general, the DEA, the ATF, the US Marshalss, Department of Homeland Security because each one of those agencies has specialized capabilities and when we surge together to um work off of the ground level intelligence was collected, you see what happened in Washington DC here and that's the next phase of it because you are able to utilize the National Guard to set up border perimeter operations.

Well, I think we need to go after the uh monetary backbone of this infrastructure like we discussed earlier. I think we also need to make parents across the country h aware of how invasive some of these social media sites are and how much criminal enterprise is going on and how easily these kids can be sucked into it. And also the only way in my opinion to do that is as Senator Clolobachar and I believe uh Senator uh Graham had stated was you know we need to work on section 230. It's just too it's been too long since we've addressed it. Nobody's being held accountable. They're making money and our youth is dying and that's just unacceptable.

Thank you, Senator. Appreciate you letting me address this. Um what the FBI does is not just locate and find sub suspects, but we also participate in eliminating subjects. And what we had at the time was a subject in custody in relation to this investigation. So, in my commitment to work with the public to help identify subjects and suspects, I put that information out. And then when we interviewed him, I put out the results of that. And could I have been more careful in my verbiage and included an a subject instead of subject? Sure. In the heat of the moment, but I was doing the best I could.

I don't see it as a mistake. I see it as something working with the public to identify that there was a subject.

But that's not what I said.

Yes.

I believe that's accurate.

It is.

Yes, sir.

I know. Caleb Mueller's family. Yes. I know this.

I don't have all the details, but I'll take your word for it, Senator.

Generally speaking, yes, sir.

Generally speaking, yes, sir.

Again, that matter is under litigation and the matter you referenced occurred before I was director.

Yes. He was terminated.

I did.

Again, you're correlating based on your information the reasons for his termination.

No.

I'm only speaking to my actions. Everybody is allowed to make their allegations.

anyone that was terminated at the FBI was done so for failing to meet the standards, uphold their constitutional oath, and effectuate the mission?

No one at the FBI is terminated for case assignments alone.

No one at the FBI has been terminated for case assignments alone?

Absolutely not.

any terminations at the FBI by employees.

FBI employees are only terminated if they fail to uphold their oaths of office.

You don't have to answer your question yes or no because you're setting up a trap. So you can have a media setting up a trap and I'm not giving it to you unless it's true that you fired people.

People have been terminated at the FBI who failed to uphold the standards that the FBI requires.

Say that that I would remove people for case assignments.

People are not removed for cases.

I would never tell anyone at the FBI that they're being removed for basically their case assignments.

Anyone can say whatever they want.

I'm not going to address the complaint in the ongoing

No.

No.

No firings at the FBI or terminations were done for anything other than justified.

I'll rely on you quoting it accurately.

The black book was in the possession of the FBI.

That index has been released.

What is known as Jeffrey Epstein's black book has been released by us.

I never said Jeffrey Epstein didn't traffic anyone else?

I said the information that three administrations have had access to have made determinations that there are no investigative leads that were credible to prosecute and investigate any others.

I'm specifically stating testimony today. You just read it and I said it 10 minutes ago.

The deputy attorney general took the aggressive step that no one else did and interviewed Miss Maxwell for two days and we released the entirety of that transcript. I do not have that transcript in front of me. You're picking it peace meal. the American public can read the entirety of that.

No. I think the American people believe the truth that I'm not in the weeds on the everyday movements of inmates. What I am doing is protecting this country, providing historic reform, and combating the weaponization of intelligence by the likes of you. And we have countlessly proven you to be a liar in Russia in January 6th. You are the biggest fraud to ever sit in the United States Senate. You are a disgrace to this institution and an utter coward. I'm I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised that you continue to lie from your perch and put on a show so you can go raise money for your charade. You are political buffoon at best.

Well, you can take an internet to the bank that the FBI is protecting this country and the state of California historic internet point of order. But all you care about is a child sex predator that was prosecuted by a prior administration and the Obama Justice Department and the Biden Justice Department did squat. And what did President Trump do? Bring new charges courageously. And what have we done? said, "I'm the most transparent FBI director in history. 33,000 pages of information to you. I challenge you to say anything credibly to the truth. Go ahead and run to the cameras where you want to go now. Both of you be quiet."

Uh thank you, Senator. I served as a public defender and national security prosecutor. I tried over 60 criminal trials to verdict in state and federal court. I served as a lead investigator on the House Intelligence Committee and the counterterrorism expert there um unfolding the Russia gate investigation. I served as the head of counterterrorism for a presidential white house. I served as a deputy director of national intelligence at the office of director of national intelligence overseeing our 17 intelligence agencies. I served as a chief of staff to the department of defense and the secretary of defense overseeing a $2 trillion uh financial equity flow and also defending the homeland and providing for our no fail mission.

The the what led me to that is to the eliminate subjects, but also we were in a period with inside of 24 hours where we didn't know who the shooter was.

100%.

So recruitment is through the roof. We've doubled up month over month uh our applicants to be 1811s are federal agents, intel analysts. Um so the recruitment is going wonderful. What we have to do is figure out a way to get creative because the BFTC timeline is an 18 to 20we program. And what we've done to address the openings we have for 1811 brick agents is we opened it up to the inter agency and said, "Hey, do you have Secret Service or DEA or ATF want to come over? You guys went through Fletzy. You guys were cops or military officers. You're law enforcement." So, we created a shortened bridge program of six weeks at Quantico that if you want to come over and be an FBI agent, you can do so. There's transfers all the time. We just made it easier. And we're also recruiting police officers who might not have a college degree, but in my opinion, that does not disqualify them from serving our community. So, we're welcoming them. It's a rigorous application process. It's just one item, but we are changing the timelines based on the needs of the country, but not jeopardizing quality.

Thank you, Mr. Chairman.