Speaker: Kash Patel
Source: data-mentions/kash_patel/raw/20251006_cbs_news_fbi_director_kash_patel_testifies_at_sen.txt
================================================================================

Yeah, thanks for having us.

It's great to be with you. Thanks for having us.

Yeah, it's a great job. It's uh worth the fight and it uh would not be possible if you don't have an incredibly strong partner and I'm lucky to have Alexis.

I think the work is definitely, you know, obviously you and I and um the team knew what President Trump was going to do. We served in the first administration. We worked with him in between and we kind of expected the roadmap that he had laid out, his vision for America. So, we've executed on that across the front. Um I think some of the surprises are of course how the media reacts to a lot of this stuff. Even for us who are rarely surprised by the media, um we've probably been surprised uh more than expected.

We met in was it late 2022?

At a friend's house in Nashville actually. John Rich was uh having an event at his house and um it was for we were trying to get music out for conservative um personalities and John's always been a fantastic host and we met at his house and I walked her up to her and I told her she had a nice jacket on and I think she turned around and walked away.

In retrospect that might have been a better approach because I didn't land my first date for a few months after that.

I think like any relationship that succeeds, it's just those things don't matter. You know, she's touring, we're campaigning, she's also doing campaign and political stuff at the same time. So we just like everybody else got on planes, met where we could, made it a point to see each other either in Nashville and Vegas, and sometimes it ended up being in DC or sometimes it's on the road where she was performing. And so you just make it happen if it's worth it and it is.

I'm not.

You know, that's a great question. I I I too have that question for the internet, actually. You and me both. Uh, no. I I I'm not sure. I I I'm not Jewish. I'm Christian. I'm Christian. I'm Armenian, so you know, um not really sure how we got there. I've never been to Israel. I'd like, you know, love to go. It's just it the stamp isn't even on my passport and I'm just as confused as everyone else is

Yeah. I think for us it's um we have a great support structure with our family and our friends as anyone does in this town in order to succeed. And we're blessed to have that. And I think what hurts is that they have to read a lot of this falsehood. She can take it. I can take it. We can take it. Um it's definitely made us incredibly stronger. But having having a support network that knows it's total BS has made it um a lot easier for us. And our parents get along. My parents like her more than they like me. Um so it's you know in in all the in all this accounts that it matters where it actually means something. It's never been uh better for me on a personal level. Of course, I wish we didn't have to deal with the attacks. Like, she should be out there touring and crushing it on the country music stage as she always has been, and she shouldn't have to deal with the collateral consequence of just being the FBI director's girlfriend. But I think with the hyper sensitive nature of the media, especially the social media space, people come at you because it takes me back to like when I first did a investigation of consequence, you know, Benghazi or Russia or what have you.

Um, but that's that's that's kind of it. And then as far as scary moment, I mean, I just I think when you start receiving the grotesque messages that I know you get too, you just have a moment where you go, "Oh, these this is not just, you know, the they call it uh what is it called? Awful, but not unlawful." Is you'll get some of those messages and they're terrible. But when you get ones that you go, "Okay, this is specific. This is very serious." Um that's

Yeah, don't love those. Um so that definitely those time time and place messages are are really um intimidating.

Yeah, of course. And as Steven does with you and I think what the both of us do well is we take the emotion out of it immediately. You have to compartmentalize that and you'll deal with that in a private setting and then you let the professionals um do what they have to do. And whether it's folks at the White House and their protective services or protective services at DOJ or whatever agency um NSA, what have you, they take their jobs seriously. They don't uh listen to the whims of the media. they understand how to do the work, make the threat assessments, and I rely heavily entirely on them. There's a system unfortunately we've had to actually create a system because there's so many where when there is a threat um posted or levied or written about or made on a show um people review it and see does it meet the legal threshold and do we need to go talk to this person or does it meet the predicate to actually open an investigation and is it going to be someone that actually said they're going to cause harm. And so thankfully we've got a great group that does that. But the fact that we have to do that and we're not the only ones. You know, I talk to so many of my colleagues, um, Stephen and and other agency heads all the time saying, "Oh, yeah, it's another Tuesday."

You know unfortunately I think it's across the board. I think some receive more scrutiny than others but you know unfortunately the attorney general has had numerous death threats. Um the uh the heads of other agencies, men and women, have had multiple death threats, have had their addresses doxed and jeopardize the safety of where they call home, where they get to reside, forcing people to move and change up just their daily habits. And so I don't think the most of America I think if they watch this show they would be shocked. They literally would be shocked. The only place that is not going to be shocked is the online space on the extreme far left and far right that have made this into some sort of comedy and uh they'll probably use it to get some more clicks and some more um you know views but hopefully your show is viewed a lot.

Um, I think there the volume on X is just because there's so many people on it, but it comes in everywhere.

I think this January 20th it's maybe picked up a little bit. I just think it's gotten a lot more attention. Um especially, you know, unfortunately due to our friend's assassination um has put a big spotlight on it and um most of America is taking it very seriously um as something that should never happen in modern day America or ever. Um and then the rest of the space is doing what they always do with it, which is using it to cannibalize and make a few bucks. And look, we at the bureau are I've told them I said we are going to wildly protect free speech wildly so especially with the people that are in disagreement with whatever your views may be but at the same time you have to enforce the laws and people expect that of us and especially people who are public figures expect that of us. like we know the difference between someone making fun of us, someone mocking us, someone saying hyperbole versus someone creating a situation that's going to harm us or families.

Um, I I'm definitely not of the opinion that that was something I was expecting. I mean, you know, uh, Charlie, the National Guard assassination here just the other week. Um, those aren't things I think we ever expected. But at the same time, you have grotesque members of Congress who have nothing better to do to say, "Look, these assassinations occurred on your watch. It's your fault." It's okay. You can say that. That's fine. most of America will go back and say, "Well, what have you done lately to protect our communities?" And they know the answer is they've done jack squad. And so for for me and for her and and just how we run, we basically want to make sure we give confidence to the the majority of Americans out there that are listening to the truth. and we're trying to ratchet the political violence down, but at the same time, it's under such a heavy spotlight because of these unfortunate, tragic incidents we've had. And so, um, we'll get to the other side of them, but it's just going to take time.

for everyone, for every family, for every victim. That's just what you have to do if you're going to take on this job or if you're going to work at the bureau.

And I think the work that we're proud of, I mean, literally every single week we have a huge takedown, uh, a huge arrest either in the counterterrorism space, espionage space. We've arrested 35% more spies from foreign adversaries this year alone than last year. Our domestic terrorism arrest,

DPRK, Russia, China, Iran. Our domestic terrorism arrests this year alone are up 30%. So when people are hitting us saying, "You're not doing enough for domestic terrorism, we're actually doing a lot more." And then there's the the work that just doesn't get noticed.

The and I mentioned it earlier, the work we're doing against child predators online, these sick offense that are preying on children as young as 8 n 10 11 years old and causing them to commit suicide and mutilate themselves and do animal crushing, all these other disgusting things. Those cases, the rest are up 20 and 30% alone. And so the bureau is doing that work across the country and we try to showcase as often as we can because I think that's what the American public wants to see. And I believe that that's what President Trump was voted into office to deliver and he's delivering it. And if they focused on that rather than us, um, you know, maybe more people would see the great work that we're doing, but um, it's not going to stop. And so neither are we.

Um, I think it was

Yeah.

No. Um I think Katie Miller had a lot to do with it. Uh but I was sitting in our friend's house in Florida during we were all doing all the transition work and so actually I think as I remember it I was one of the last agency heads he appointed and I was sitting in the living room and I got the call and you can imagine my reaction and then I immediately called my parents and I called Alexis and then I hung up and then the president uh put out a truth and then I think I'm got 3,500 messages. in the next 10 hours.

I think the amount of resource restraints we were under um severely prohibited us from taking care of the workforce that was actually doing the job. We've had no problem getting rid of people who failed in the mission and we've done that. Um and we're going to continue to do that. But I think the fact that you had a prior administration who supposedly was the one telling us we're weaponizing the FBI when they did Russia gate and so many other things. And so when we came in we said um anyone that weaponized the the bureau is not going to be a part of the bureau anymore. But I think the hardest part was the irony was the Biden administration who said the FBI was beloved. They reduced their budget year over year over year over year. And then President Trump came in thankfully and said, "Look, we got to reorganize that place. We got to keep the people that matter. We got to recruit better people and we have to have leadership in there that doesn't bend to the whims of the media." And that's been the hardest part for the deputy and I navigating that landscape. But I think we've done it um incredibly well, especially with the results we're have. We we are literally having the best year the FBI has ever had.

I think it's like every day. Um there was a pretty funny incident in the Oval maybe a couple weeks ago. I was there with um the president and a couple members of the law enforcement teams and uh the press secretary Caroline Levit came in and she said, "Hey, Mr. President Cash um MSNBC or whatever outlet is saying you're going to fire Cash and me and the president just started laughing in the Oval Office cuz at the at the same time and the president of course in his you know amazing manner stands up and says well let's put out a truth and he goes no let's stand before the Declaration of Independence do a photo and Caroline you put out a great truth saying cash is doing a great job and he's not going anywhere. I mean, that's literally stuff you can't make up, right? We're out there having we have 27,000 arrests of violent felons this year. That's twice as many as last year alone. Four top 10 arrests, right? Our work against um those that pray on our children in our communities is up 510% for those that are child predators online and in the communities. I mean, these are just certain examples of how hard the bureau is working because the president's given us the resources. So, we both found that moment wildly comical and probably something you couldn't have ever scripted.

I think the media has handled almost every case differently since I've been the FBI director. And that's um disheartening because it takes away from the people doing the work. The great thing is when I go across the country and I meet the agents across the country and our analysts and our support staff and I meet the cops across the country like like this week I just did a graduation of 255 police officers through our academy at Quantico. Everybody loves this administration and they are saying that they have never been supported in the way that they've being supported now. And the reason we showcase their work constantly is because we want the American public to know it. I mean, you would think if you had arrested four top 10 most wanted fugitives in nine months, people would be happy that you took off a murderer, an MS-13 gang leader, you know, a child predator and got the Abbey Gate bomber and all these other things. But it's because under the Trump administration, we're doing it and I'm doing it at the FBI. They see reason to hit it. And since they can't successfully with the facts, they hit us.

Oh, come on now.

No, the going out the going out to eat is hilarious cuz I'm Hindu and I don't eat beef and she has a really significant seafood allergy. So when we sit down at a dinner table or go to an event, we have to like make sure we've provided these instructions. And so then when we're out to dinner at a nice dinner, um she'll order like a steak, which is great. And then I'll order like the seafood and everything else and it's like on a divided line like it can't cross over.

Staying in.

sitting on the couch watching whatever. Sleeping.

Our favorite restaurant is Mizoomi in Las Vegas. We go there as often as we can but Las Vegas has the best food in in the country. So we're spoiled in that manner. But DC? I don't know. What do you like? I'm basically when she's not here, I'm, you know, running the Uber Eats tab up because you get home as you and Stephen know at like 9:00 p.m. and you're like, I don't have the time to cook, so whatever's convenient.

she likes You like Filamina a lot.

Chili. Bison chili, which works out for me cuz I can eat it.

She has this great ability to not only never ask me about my job, but never care to because she knows we're not going to discuss it. And so I think that keeps a lot of it like compartmented, which is just something I've done my entire government career. And so that's that's one of the ways in which we just don't have to waste time talking about what I'm doing at work um or what's going on every day. And she's incredibly respectful of like my schedule and the fact that it changes as you know with your own personal life basically at the last possible second and sometimes things get cancelled. and if it really mattered to her, I would make every chance I can opportunity I could to make it. But she's also been unbelievably understanding of me calling it like Friday night up for a Saturday event saying, "Sorry, I can't make it."

It's the nature of it. The other thing with that too is that we had two entire years of our relationship where we were not in this dynamic which is really such a blessing because

I've never had to step out of a meeting because if it was an emergency, I obviously would and thank God nothing like that has had to have happened. Um I've had to step out of meetings for some family matters that arise with everyone else. Um but yeah, I've literally never had to do that.

Oh yeah, there was that.

I was Yes, I was not in DC and she informed me she accidentally cut her finger open and I said, "Okay, are we getting stitches? Are we at the hospital? Are we good to go?" And her mom was sending me funny texts and I knew it was fine.

Mine uh I get up early. I go work out at um at the building and then I just roll into my day. in I don't know if there there's an daily routine after that that sticks. It kind kind of gets uh jumbled.

Um, working with, you know, I've worked with Turning Point for a long time. I've worked with various organizations in the political space. I'm on the NRA board. Um, trying to promote the glory of the Second Amendment and protect it and teach the youth about it. Um, and and just all of those kind of categories. some stoking those various things.

Um I was I was there. I actually performed there.

Yeah.

Oo. Um there's this great venue in Tennessee, actually, not far from my house, which is really nice. Um but it's a cavern. Uh you literally look out into the audience, there's the caves, so there's one way in, one way out. So, your walk-on is actually through the crowd, like on the side of the crowd, and they just pack the place out. Um, and it's it's less about me and my performance and more just about the fact that that crowd is always incredible.

Um, I think you hit a point where nothing's intimidating anymore. You just kind of roll with whatever's handed to you. So, you get you go through enough and you kind of go, "All right, well, this is going to be fine." Whatever it is,

she goes first.

Yeah, I know. But she said it's not fair.

Um, no, look, we knew what we were signing up for to a certain degree. And it's an incred it's crazy. I am a first generation Indian-American whose parents fled a genocidal dictatorship in East Africa and lawfully immigrated to the United States and now their kids the ninth director of the FBI. There is nowhere else on planet Earth that that can happen. So when you get an opportunity like that, you have to deliver, especially for the resources and the sweeping mandate that President Trump got. Would I like to be um anonymous? I I joke at all my, you know, conversations with my buddies, I would pay a mountain of money to have my anonymity back, but um that's just the way it is and it's okay. I was going to say long distance because and then private and nobody, you know, being none of the paparazzi stuff. Uh because we know how to make that work.

Oh, you go.

She is. Yes. Her luggage is a whole deal. And um there's colors and shapes and sizes and so I think she would rather have her luggage arrive rather than herself knowing that it got there. Um and then she can get there later.

That's That's true.

She doesn't really care what we watch.

Well, one, she would feel those questions spectacularly well and crush those clowns. Um, two, if I sang backup vocals for her or anyone else, their career would be over.

We don't really We don't really argue.

Yeah.

No, we we have spats here and there

Really crappy Netflix series with all the travel you have to do. So you just like load it up with whatever is relevant. But then there's some really good ones out there. Paramount's crushing it with like Mayor Kings Town, Tulsa Kings, and Land Man. And then there's just, you know, random things that come in the document. I'll watch anything related to hockey. So um stuff like that.

No. Okay. I guess like a doctor watching ER or something.

Um, I went to a Journey concert.

George Straight.

100% all day long.

He did. Yeah.

Um, I did not meet him there, but Alexis for my birthday surprised me by taking me to the George Stay concert. Um, and I'd never been before in my life, so that was pretty awesome.

I think I can compartmentalize.

I have a gut. I have a I have decent really decent gut. Um yeah, definitely compartmentalizing.

Um my alarm first, I guess, is the technical answer. But past that, kind of whatever came up.

I shoot for like five to six hours, but you know, it varies.

pretty much anything from Guns and Roses.

She is.

Last man standing.

Better be good. I mean, I'd prefer that Polymarket poll to like if I'm a spy or not.

There was.

Uh, I don't remember. It was a while ago.

I'll take it.

Well, I'm going to answer it, but it's going to break your rules. You're just going to have to live with it.

Um, the 1980 men's miracle and ice hockey team, and we would be eating chicken parm heroes from my favorite deli on Long Island.

It's a sandwich. Yeah.

Thank you.