Speaker: Kash Patel
Source: data-mentions/kash_patel/raw/20251006_face_the_nation_fbi_director_kash_patel_testifies_before.txt
================================================================================

Good morning, Mr. Chairman, ranking member Rasking, and members of the committee. I want to begin today by discussing the appalling assassination of Charlie Kirk. It's important for this FBI to be transparent without jeopardizing our investigations. So, a little bit of the timeline's important. Charlie Kirk was unfortunately assassinated on September 10th. We immediately the next day released images early in the day in local time in Utah to start the public partnership in our manhunt for the assassin and culprits. At um approximately 5:00 p.m. local time, I arrived on the ground and walk the crime scene myself and we flew multiple FBI assets in and out to process DNA simultaneously while bringing in evidence response technicians, hostage rescue teams, and other experts to assist state and local law enforcement with their investigation. At 800 PM local on September 11th, the FBI collected and populated and promulgated at a press conference a video of the suspect on the grounds. We also released enhanced images. Due to that release that I directed and ordered, the suspect involved was apprehended and in custody at 10 p.m. local time. That's less than 2 hours after we did the video release and the photo release. So within 33 hours, that individual suspect was in custody.

and his family, who has since been interrogated, specifically stated to FBI interrogators that because of the video that the FBI released at my direction and because of the photographs that they released, they identified their son. They confronted their son when he swung by their home and that's what led to his apprehension. Um, we are still the FBI has that investigation ongoing and it continues to be ongoing. And I want to thank the state of Utah and the state and local authorities there. And I also want to thank the attorney general and President Trump for directing resources to allow us to conduct that investigation as we have. Um, under this administration, the FBI has arrested more than 23,000 violent criminals. 23,000 in 7 months. That's twice as many year to date last year. We've taken over 6,000 firearms off the streets. 6,000 guns are no longer in the hands of criminals. In seven months, we've identified and found and located 4700 child victims. That is a 35% increase year-to- date last year. We have arrested 1,500 child predators. That is a 10% increase year-to- date last year. In just 7 months, we've assisted our partners with countless counterterrorism operations around the world. We've captured at the FBI four of the most top 10 wanted fugitives in the world in seven months. To put that in perspective, that's as many as my predecessor nabbed in the entirety of the Biden administration. We got four. We got more coming. On top of that, in two weeks, thanks to the help of the CIA, we collected and captured one of the individuals responsible for the horrific Abigate bombing that led to the murder of 13 service members. We did that in two weeks. They didn't do it in the four years of the entire priority prior administration. Nationwide, we've been executing our operation summer heat, the FBI's national focus on targeting violent crime based on intelligence-driven operations. Ask the citizens of Seattle, Miami, Memphis, Charlotte, Chicago, New Orleans. Um to specifically highlight New Orleans and Nashville, there has been a 250% increase in violent crime arrest in those cities alone and other mid- major cities that I've just listed. In just a few short months, we have already unleashed a thousand FBI personnel across this country. Every single state across this country is getting a plus up. This is a fiction that the FBI is short or that we are compromising the men and women in the field. They do not need to be in Washington DC. So, we're sending them into the field to each and every one of your states. Because of that, crime is at an all-time low. We had to do it because of the explosion of crime. And maybe the most important stat for Americans to realize in just 7 months, we are on track to produce the lowest murder rate in modern US history by double digits. Those are results, not of mine. Those are results of the men and women of the FBI. If you want to criticize me, bring it on. But do not attack the brave leaders in the field. We are also working 24/7, 365, and on the opioid epidemic that is killing more than hundreds of thousands of people a year. We have seen 1,600 kgs of fentinol off the streets so far in 7 months. Year-to- date, 25% increase. To put that in perspective, that's enough to kill a third of the American population. 120 million Americans. a 100,000 kilograms of cocaine and meth gone off the streets. Earlier this year, I highlighted in Cincinnati, Ohio, how we're getting creative to chase down those that were willing to do harm to our citizens, not just by striking at the heart of the fentinol producers, but the fentinyl precursor companies in China. And we indicted for the first time multiple companies and individuals, not just in America, but in mainland China that are producing the ingredients that produce and make fentinyl that kill our children. And we're going to keep going. Counterterrorism work, cyber attacks, and foreign adversaries are something the FBI must never sleep on. And we are not sleeping. In the counter intelligence space alone, this year, year to date, 30% increase in counterintelligence arrests from the DPRK, Russia, Iran, and China. And I want the American people to know in this setting, there's a lot of work that the brave men and women of the FBI are doing. We just can't get into, but they don't stop. Our cyber threats, ransomware attacks, those harming our children online. We have nearly a 20% increase in indictments arrest in seven months alone this year. We're going after those that in harm our malware infrastructure systems, telecom systems, and energy structure. Combating salt and vault typhoons are just a little bit of the examples we're doing. Maybe most importantly under the counterterrorism and domestic terrorism umbrella. are nest violent extremist and those that label themselves 764 who wish to go online and convince children to maim and mutilate themselves and commit suicide. And we are producing record numbers of arrests under that umbrella organization. We even stopped an individual in the 764 network who wanted to conspire to kill an adolescent girl. He is now in custody. Transparency remains one of my main priorities at the FBI. And this is what I've done in my seven months at the helm. We've produced more than 33,000 pages of documents to Congress to a variety of committees, including, I believe, 12 uh 7,500 to this committee alone, if memory serves me correct. To put the 33,000 in perspective, my predecessor in 7 years produced 13,000 pages in total to the United States Congress. his predecessor in four years produced 3,000 pages in total. I repeat, I have produced 33,000 pages in seven years to this Congress and will continue to do so. I'm dedicated to restoring the trust and the mission and the integrity of the FBI and we cannot do so without congressional oversight and I promise you I will continue to do so. On the Epstein case, the original sin on the Epstein case was how it was handled by Mr. Aosta when he first brought the case in 20067 and 8. The original case had a very limited search warrant, had a very limited search window, had a very limited investigative window. I was not there when those search warrants in that investigation was launched. I would not have done it that way. They were limited to only 3 to four years of investigations from 97 to approximately 2001 and 2002 to 2005. Mr. Aassa allowed Mr. Epste to enter into a plea agreement where he served weekend jails for trafficking minor women. He also was allowed to relieve jail to go home on the weekends. Plus, he allowed a defer a nonprosecution agreement to be signed as part of that plea deal, prohibiting future investigations from that prosecution and from that evidence and prohibiting the collection of further material. That is the original sin. We are working with Congress to produce more than any administration ever has material on Epstein. And I welcome the challenge to tell us that we are not being as transparent as the law allows. We even went to court and asked the judges to lift those prosecutorial agreements and to lift those court order seals and they denied us three times. Congress is welcome to do the same and join the fight. And I'd lastly like to focus on operation that the president led in DC. Because of this, we are taking this fight in DC to every single city across the country. 2100 arrests in the last month alone. DC has seen a 60% decrease in gun crimes, 75% decrease in carjackings, and 53% decrease in homicides in our nation's capital. And rightly so, we're bringing that fight to the streets of America. I want to thank you for your support, and I'm proud to be the director that leads this FBI into a new headquarters building that they've needed for decades, saving the taxpayer three and a half billions of dollars and also providing our workforce a safe environment. If you don't know the calamity that is a Hoover building, I invite each and every one of you to walk around.

I'll give you a tour myself and you can see where the cement falls on the heads of our employees that is only to be saved by netting just to give you an example. Thank you for support to our mission and um I do want to highlight one thing about DC. It's because the FBI gathered sources and evidence that we were able to through our source network identify the horrific murder of the DC intern Eric Tarpinian. and I've spoken to his family and um you know we are working to bring them justice and Mr. Chairman >> in my 16 years now my 17 years of government service if anyone has any questions about my service bring it on.

I believe so. Yes.

Not anymore.

Not anymore. So 1,000 personnel of the FBI were deployed across this country on a permanent basis. And every single state in this union is getting a plus up, not a reduction, a plus up of 1811s of intel analysts and support staff. And that is why the crime rates are going down in record numbers.

on the Charlie assassination sir.

It's simple. What I'm doing through our leadership cadre is having FBI agents do what they were trained to do, not what they were not trained to do, not put them in situations that both harm them and the public. We're also utilizing our sort networks and prioritizing the threat structure to go after the narot traffickers, the counterterrorism people, the counter intelligence threats, and the cyber threats. That's what they were trained to do and that's what we're letting them do.

I'm wedded to aggressive constitutional oversight. Having been a House Congressional Staffer, I know that is an important part of securing our democracy. And the way we make it an everlasting enduring process is by showing the American people the results of what we are doing and the important work of this committee and putting it out to them so they can see government waste, fraud, and abuse and then they can demand from our constituents and our electors that they want this process to continue.

I have done that and I will continue to do that.

There is too much political violence.

There is too much political violence based on ideologies from either side.

I'm not familiar with that study.

Say that again. I'm sorry. Are you aware the administration has used has threatened to use violence as an excuse to crack down on liberty and freedom of speech?

Nobody at the FBI is doing that.

I speak for the FBI.

I believe uh the traditional search tools, search warrants, lawful service of process and the and the um tools that the FBI has in our infrastructure systems, cyber security systems and counter intelligence systems. But generally speaking, if I may, I want to use this to highlight the fact that I'm continuing my promise to work with Congress to produce documents simultaneously and also conduct ongoing investigations. I'm giving you as much as I can and I'll give you more when I can.

Were there any sorry

I'll just rely on what was turned over to date, sir.

33.

That's correct.

Discord the platform ownership has been working with our lawful process and we are obtaining materials from them on a rolling basis.

The work of the FBI speaks for itself. It's on showcase here today. Anyone that wants to attack the FBI can attack me, but leave our leadership structure alone. When you have 23,000 violent felons arrested, twice as many as this time last year, the work fe speaks for itself.

Simple. Because of who's on that list.

Blackbook.
Well, that's under direct control of the director of the FBI.

The Rolodex, which is what everybody colloquially refers to as the black book, has been released.

We have released more material than anyone else before. The Biden administration, Obama administration had the exact opportunities to release this material and they never did. And if you are selling the men and women of the FBI, we're not going after child predator. Hang on. You said we're not going after child predators. 1,500 child predators arrested this year. 35% increase. 4,700 child victim.

Everything that has been lawfully permitted to be released has been released. And as I told you, the investigation was limited. And let me make something crystal clear. I never said Jeffrey Epstein didn't traffic other people, other women, and they're not other victims. This is the investigation we were given from 2006,7 and 8. and the search warrants from 2006,7 and 8. That's what we're working with.

Everything the court has allowed us to release.

Three separate federal courts have come in and said,

Do you want me to break the law in a federal judge's order?

I have direct control over and can lawfully release. If you're not familiar with the court orders, that's not my fault. I'm perfect. I I'm perfectly familiar with them. But how did we prosecute um Galileain Maxwell? She she was prosecuted with the investigatory material that was collected from 2001 and 2005 because of the nonprosecution agreements and the court orders on the investigations and search warrants. We were not able to develop new information. And oh, by the way, Jeffrey Epstein was out for 12 years and the Obama and Biden administration did nothing to look at his work, his pedophile network. If you want to blame me, that's fine. But now you're blaming the men and women who conducted this.

I literally just told you there are multiple federal court orders. I'm not going to break the law to satisfy your curiosity. You didn't join us when we filed court to release the court orders. You could have. You have lawyers. You could have shown up. You didn't do that. That

How do you know that? Have you seen everything?

Zero.

The simple answer is I'm letting good cops be cops. We're working with our state and local law enforcement. We're energizing our partnerships. We're bringing on more task force officers. When you have more cops in the streets, when you're using groundbased intelligence, when you're not weaponizing law enforcement and focusing on DC and focusing on the rest of America, this is what happens. It is not a significant mind shift in terms of how we maneuver the FBI. They've wanted to do this work since they signed up. We're just letting them.

Sir, Democrats have been attacking me for a decade, as is the fake news media. They didn't like the fact that I exposed the Russia gase host and the largest weaponization of the FBI DOJ in US history. We proved it to be true with congressional oversight. I'm wed to that congressional oversight and will continue to do that work. Uh Christopher Ray repeatedly warned this committee that the Biden open borders policy had produced a significant increase in terrorist threats that he said kept him up at night. Um the particular concern he said was the 2 million gotaways that entered the country during the Biden administration. That's a an average of 41,000 every month. Uh what are the monthly gotaway numbers today? Sir, I'll have to get back to you on the exact gotaway numbers, but identifying that there are gotaways is step one.

No.

You asked if it was accurate. I said it wasn't.

No, I'm saying it was inaccurate.

No. And what we've been able to release is what we've been legally able to release. And that has

I don't know.

The number of times. No.

Well, when you say diverted, you make it seem as if agents were pulled off what they do all the time. Agents at the FBI masterfully do double duty and triple duty. And because of the public's interest in this case, we flexed resources to make sure that we could answer the public's signal demand. So, do you want us to look through the material and provide it to you or you do not want us to do that?

What's one of the most impressive things about the FBI leadership and the careers that are in place is that they make the decisions on who to send where on priorities and make sure the mission needs are not hurt. And that's what happened here.

that's literally not what I said.

Based on the entirety of the evidence that we have, absolutely not.

Correct.

Uh in large part, yes. So um since you've been director has there been a reduction with I mean we've talked about how uh the border is largely secure now right

the southern border yes sir

the southern border is largely secure has there been a concommatant reduction or a reduction in the amount of fentanyl that is coming into America

there has been a massive reduction to the tune of we have seized more than 25% year to date this year than the prior year and that's enough fentinel to kill 120 million Americans

Um, as I stated in my opening, sir, what they do and the companies in China, mainland China, do is produce the precursors and the cutting agents that they send ship overseas through various countries into the Mexican drug cartels who produce it. So, they basically are the cooks in terms of the ingredients.

So for the first time in a decade, I actually reached out to my counterpart at the Ministry of Public Security. No one at the FBI had done so. To engage

In in mainland China.

To engage in a conversation to say, "Hey, can we have a certain number of these precursor chemicals listed in China so that they become illegal and illegal to trade?" We've also working with our counterparts in places like India and Guatemala because the trans shshipment routes of the precursors, the Mexican drug cartels have gotten creative and instead of coming directly to America are going into these countries and we've had massive success in India and Guatemala and in those governments great partnerships in shutting down the ability to ship the precursors into those countries which are ultimately destined to America.

Yes, sir.

So just that sir um in the this calendar year alone as I was mentioning our counter intelligence operations and cases brought against the Chinese are up by I think something like 40%. And specifically the cases in Michigan show two threat streams not just against our agricultural industry which is a threat to national security but they were also bringing in um chemical agents and mushrooms. I'm not the exact expert to that would have ultimately hurt our population. We arrested and charged all of those individuals and we were aggressively going after them in every single state because they weren't doing it in Michigan alone.

They should.

Yes, sir.

That'll be phase two, sir. Phase one was um FBI and local law enforcement in Memphis for the last few months.

Thank you. I I do think it's necessary to finish it. What we've done is 500 arrests in Memphis and 110 federal indictments, but what we need to do is we've only secured a piece of where the criminal conduct is incurring in Memphis, and we can't work inside uh perimeters that are not established and safe, and we don't have the manpower to give us the space to fully go into the areas where the criminal activity remains.

They're going to establish like they did in Washington DC perimeters where local law enforcement and the FBI, DEA, ATF, and US Marshals can go into. Um, we can't be going into all these areas knowing that they're extremely volatile and jeopardizing the safety of our agents.

They established perimeters.

it was a visible force, sir. So they kind of saw it.

No, sir.

No, sir. They won't.

Well, the SACE and then ultimately the chain of command up to Washington DC will control the FBI. But there's a task force that was put together that is going to be led by an inter agency. The heads of US Marshalss, DEA, and FBI will be working together with DHS uh collectively on this.

Yes, sir, I have.

I love Memphis.

Bill Street,

Uh, in modern recorded US history, yes.

I think the FBI, and I'll get back to you on this, um, has stats on that going back about 30 years, sir.

To my knowledge, no, sir.

The DOJ is the expert, but I do not believe there's a statute on that limitations on that.

Sir, I couldn't agree with you more. We've been very public about asking individuals to come forward with new information and we would run out every single lead on that.

I can't comment on Mr. Driscoll's matter. It's an ongoing litigation.

I can tell you I can't tell you about his reputation. His work um has been laid out in that lawsuit.

I don't have that number, sir.

No, but I can tell you that individuals based on case assignments in the FBI that I have led have not been terminated for case assignments.

Sir, I have asked my FBI agents to review the entirety of the Epstein files and bring forth any credible information. And we're working with Congress not only to divulge that information and produce it to you, but any investigations that arise from any credible investigation will be brought. There have been no new materials brought to me launching a new um indictment.

It's not my assertion, sir. It's the assertion of um two different United States attorneys offices from three separate administrations who investigated those same materials in a lifetime.

Yes, sir.

If I personally know, but the FBI has.

I said all

I named one today. I I said we are not in the we are not in the practice at the Department of Justice FBI of releasing victim's names. That is not what we do. We are also not in the habit of releasing incredible information. That's not what we do. But multiple authorities have looked at the entirety of what we have.

I was. Yes.

The FBI will meet with anyone who has no information.

The FBI and the professionals who are handling the cases?

I don't know what day that was. So, no.

Well, I can speak for the FBI and that's presuming there's a CIA case file and I've reviewed everything that the inter agency, not I, the FBI that was provided to us.

If there is such a file and if it has not already been been turned over to the FBI, the FBI will look at any new investigative leads.

Uh on the as to the first, it's an ongoing investigation and we have made progress. As to the second, sir, I'll have to get back to you.

I would say so, sir.

I think that's largely their plan.

I think so.

Seven months. Yes.

I don't believe so.

Which one? Sorry.

I think that's I I'll have to get back to you. I think it's a law firm and it's a company out of Singapore.

That company operates out of Taiwan.

which I disclosed during my confirmation process.

Pursuant to the um the Department of Justice who reviewed my material that was submitted during my confirmation process. Um I was able to hold certain stocks and they made the decision.

I disagree that it's a Chinese company, but I was in the DOJ when you're appointed makes a call on what you can and can't position.

I'll let the public reports reflect themselves. I don't have the exact timeline.

All of those are being currently investigated through our cell phone analysis and through our witness interviews. And the state of Utah has now announced charges seeking the death penalty against this suspect. So, we're a little limited in what we can continue to say.

Um, so not commenting on the case, but having gone to the crime scene and walked the steps that we believe were taken, the roof was actually readily accessible through an exterior stairwell, so anyone could have gotten on it.

Well, we Sorry. Uh what we can tell you is the towel, there was a screwdriver found on the rooftop which DNA was collected off of and the towel was found wrapped around the firearm in question in a wooded area next to the campus. All have been processed for DNA. And then according to the suspect's roommate, there were allegedly messages on instant messaging platforms, specifically Discord, suggesting the towel may have been used to identify that weapons location.

I can only speak to the FBI's investigation and our investigation is ongoing and we are interviewing any of those individuals involved in that chat and other individuals in the area.

Yes, sir.

That case is very much ongoing, so I can't comment on the stylization of the evidence we're collecting.

The Durham annex, which has been publicly released thanks to the FBI's commitment to transparency, is one of the documents that's being utilized. And in general terms speaking for burn bags, sir, a burn bag is what you use to put classified documents into generally because that is literally how you destroy them.

Again, I'm not going to characterize that material because it's part of an ongoing investigation.

I believe that happened in 2018. I think there was two locations, sir.

I don't have the catalog of evidence in front of me.

I'll accept your representation.

Again, sir, I'll accept your representation. I don't know.

I don't have the entirety of the photographs, but I think they've been photographs in public together.

No.

Because that information would have been brought to light by multiple administrations and FBI investigators over the course of the last 20 years.

You don't know what Epste may or may not have done with those photographs even prior to the search. Maybe someone has it. Maybe the Epstein estate has it.

I'm not saying they haven't. I just don't know.

I don't know.

I have looked at all the information that the investigators who investigated this case have provided to run out credible leads.

No, that's what I was trying to tell you. You raised a great point. The estate of Jeffrey Epstein has a voluminous amount of information that they have not released before.

The estate is under no obligation to provide that material even pursuant to a subpoena. That's a great point.

That's literally not how it works.

The material related to Prince Andrew has been made public.

We have released the index of names that were in Jeffrey Epste.

The index has been released and the index will speak for itself.

That that entire matter is currently under investigation by the people at the FBI that handle leaks of classified information.

I can tell you generally speaking, the leaks of classified information were detrimental to any work the FBI is doing.

In reference to Director Comey, um I'm very limited in what I can say because of what the current status of those matters are with the FBI and the Department of Justice. When I am able to make those public, I will.

Again, without identifying any individuals related to the information you're generally speaking about, there is an ongoing matter that has been under review by the department and the FBI for some time

I'm always concerned, but what we've done since I became FBI director is implement new um audit systems. We have nearing 100% review of the 702 query system that you are specifically referring to. And we've also eliminated anyone that has ever touched that database that has in any way made a mistake uh whether intentional or not. And we have also um identified a system in which those going forward who misuse the 702 system, they don't get two strikes, they get one and you're done.

Yeah, because under the new restructuring of the FBI to save resources.

I can't speak for Attorney General Pam Bondi.

I can't speak.

That's not at all what I said.

My job as the FBI director is to inform the answer. Yes.

Any insinuation by you or any people on your side that I am not manhunting child predators and sex traffickers. Just look at this patch and you talk about coverups, man. You talk about cover up. Where were you during the Obama and Biden administrations when these so-called coverups were going on? Why did anyone in those administrations talk to any of these purported witnesses? I have order single person to provide credible information.

Any person with information about ongoing sexual trafficking?

ma'am. I'm commenting on the evidence we have and we have routinely asked for people to come forward with more evidence and we will look at it. And the evidence that we have was the same evidence that the Biden and Obama justice departments had. They determined, not me. They determined that that information was not credible.

I have You just don't like the answer.

I have answered the question and I keep telling you I'm the only FBI director that has welcomed new information in this case. This administration is the only one that has welcomed any new information in this case.

Present new credible information. Present new information.

I'll tell you what happened in the last Trump administration.

victims credibly came forward and you know what happened? President Trump authorized the indictments of Jeffrey Epstein called Biden, not Obama. President Trump called the entire thing a de a a Democratic hoax.

go ahead.

Multiple ways, sir. One, and maybe most importantly, is through transparency and providing the American public with the material so they can see, read it themselves as to what the abuses were in the past. Whether it relates to the Catholic memo or the Hindu incident you talked about at the largest temple in North America, any institution of faith and any member of faith will not be investigated by this FBI because they are men and women of faith ever. Period. Folks,

We have reviewed the source processes that infiltrate any any institutions of faith and they will no longer be going into institutions of faith. Um, they will be directed towards criminal activity and protecting the homeland, the two most important missions the FBI has. And that's what we're going to continue to do.

The money, did you say? Yes.

I know the FBI has reviewed numerous SARS. I don't know the totality of that number.

I'll get back to you.

I'll check with the Treasury Department because they're the lead on that.

Uh, not off the top of my head. I'll have to work with Treasury.

It's one of the valuable investigative tools is to follow the money.

So, in 2018 and 19, what I recollect is many, if not every one of those lawyers was part of the investigation,

As long as I'm allowed to release it. Absolutely.

We have a current subpoena and we're working with Congress to provide it.

Basically, if you're looking at an actual pedophile ring, what you should not do is limit the time frame in which you're legally able to collect information. So, search warrants that Mr. Aosta utilized in 2006 and 7 leading to the 2008 plea agreement had a very specific narrow window of years, I think three or four years. And so, information pursuant to legal process wasn't collected for 10 years or 15 years or 20 years. It also in uh subpoenas were not sent out to hundreds of witnesses at the time, hundreds of victims at the time. None of that was done. None of these people were put in grand juries. And so the totality of information from the jump instead of being this big was like this. And that in my opinion is not how you run an investigation if you're trying to break a sex trafficking ring.

Great question. And here's the answer. simply because I am not able to go back 20 years and collect information that the courts had decided was already subject to search warrants. They have said this was in the investigation. There's a nonprosecution agreement out of that plea. And when the case was reopened, and this is where it comes into play, when the case was reopened in 2018 and 2019, the search warrants again were limited to the conduct of Jeffrey Epstein. Now whether that's right or wrong, that's a different discussion. But I'm telling you that's the information.

So, we've provided 600 pages of documents to this committee alone regarding January 6. That's 600 pages more than any of my predecessors. Generally speaking, confidential human sources are always paid by the FBI. That's how it works. I can't speak to the specifics on each one and how much they make

Thank you, sir. I think we we are doing our job. And the distinction is with the budget that we have, we are flexing more resources to the field. California is receiving the largest FBI plus up of any state in the union due to that plus up. They're not getting a reduction. No state is getting a reduction. every state is getting a plus up and so I'm utilizing the money that we have to first plus it up and the empty vacancies they that we have those haven't been filled in years not my under my leadership

I agree with you, sir. And I just look forward to working with you because I am very concerned that these kinds of budget cuts are shortsighted, especially when my local sheriff calls me and says we need more support and we're looking at budget cuts.

Not to the extent we have.

There are ongoing leak investigations um across the board um at the bureau related to this.

Well, sir, I think the the record will speak that um the Russia collusion matter was perpetrated by a uh political party to go overseas and obtain information from a foreign intelligence asset only to have that information, which was demonstrabably false turned over to the FBI who walked into a federal FISA secret court and asked for a secret surveillance court order and lied to the federal court. And we know that because someone was convicted of it and uh only to surveil the political opponent. So that is a massive scandal. We helped expose it. And in terms of the pages of productions, I provided 1,400 pages of production related to Crossfire Hurricane and my predecessors have provided zero.

Yes.

Yes, sir.

Yes, sir.

Without getting into the stylization of the evidence, anything that's put in a burn bag is for purposes of destruction.

We found a lot of information in a lot of burn bags.

Yes.

Generally speaking, yes, because I know even though the shooter's deceased, the investigation is we're not done. Um and so the impediments to finding these individuals and you highlight a great point. We had two huge tragedies in the span of days in this country. Um the school shooting in Evergreen, Colorado being one of them. Um and proactively going out onto these social media platforms which are so large is our biggest impediment and we need to rely on the service providers. There's actual legislation, I can't remember the name of it, that's up for renewal which will and I think at the end of the month which gives service providers the ability to report that information in from their end without liability. We need that to continue because while the FBI has so many people and the police are great at doing it, there's just too many platforms to cover down on.

Yes.

So how they happen is I submit proposals under DOJ guidance to say hey we I would like to trade this or that and they run their review and the FBI runs a review and then they come back and say yes or no and then I make the transaction.

Uh generally speaking, I before I got this job, I was um you know trading stocks but not a lot like most people and I just follow certain industries, you know, and um I thought they would be a good investment.

It was both
both but not all of the companies were conflicts. whatever they make invested from. I don't make the call, they make the call. Sure.

Thank you. I'll work with you on it.

There is, and we're doing it.

everybody wants to talk about a weaponized bureaucracy. When we put out the facts about a weaponized bureaucracy, not because I said so, but because we found the FISA documents, because we found the 302s and the 1023s, then it becomes a political football. My job is to continue to put out that information and let the American public read it for themselves when I'm lawfully able to do so. And that's been my commitment on any subject, Russia gate or otherwise. Wherever the law allows me to do it, I will do it.

Well, it shouldn't be weaponized against anyone. And the structural reform is simple. If you're going to go after a political individual or someone seeking political office, there has to be a grounded basis in law and fact to open up a criminal investigation. And if there's not, the investigation isn't even opened. And I've also gone back and reviewed other cases that were opened in prior administrations related to public officials, and we've closed a number of them because we felt that some of these actions were weaponized on either side of the aisle. I felt it wholly inappropriate for the FBI to be playing umpire and referee amongst these decision makers when there was no factual or legal basis to continue those investigations. So, I shut them down.

When I can publicly make a final decision on that, either through a recommendation of charging that the DOJ makes or findings that I have, I'm able to do so, but they're still not complete.

I don't know. You'll have to ask him.

Well, anyone doesn't matter what you did before or what seat you were in. If you leak classified information, that's illegal and we will investigate it fully. And if we can bring enough evidence to recommend charges to the Department of Justice, we will. But as you know, in these leak investigations, it's very difficult to produce the information necessary. We know leaks happen. They literally happen every week. It's one of the most destructive things to this country. Media receives classified information beneficial to one side or the other. I'm a fan of none of it. And I want to shut all of it down. Um, and we need to bring some real cases to deter individuals from doing that. And that's my focus.

you know, speaking from my memory as the head of the FBI, he was charged um under uh then uh Director Brennan and Director Clapper and the other IC elements to come in with the NSA, CIA, FBI um and ODNI and put together a collection of information on how um the information sort of surrounding Russia came together. So, he represented the FBI in that.

Well, it's without commenting on him, the FISA has been released and the dossier was in the FISA. It was in four FISAs, so I'll let the public decide.

Did I? I'll let his testimony speak for itself, but then Deputy Director Andy McCabe also testified to the House Intelligence Committee, which has now been declassified, that were there no steel dossier, there would have been no FISA.

I'm sorry. Um Dylan Ruth
ROF, can you give me uh some more information?

you can give me a reminder. I've got a lot in front of me.

I do remember that.

I'm not saying the other thing didn't happen. I'm just asking for a little information.

I'll take your presentation as accurate.

Those happened.

I'll let the refer to reflect that whatever he said was what he said.

Yes.

I don't speak for the president. The president speaks for himself.

I don't On what matter?

that there's ideology that's driving violence on both sides? Yes, that's what he acknowledged.

I'm familiar with them.

I I think so.

Was a decision by him not to do so. That's not my decision.

The major problem with tribal lands is the sheer tyranny of geography and the amount of coverage that they have on land versus the personnel they have to do it. So what we've done is constantly surge resources to tribal lands across this country on a 30, 60, 90day rotating basis, reporting back to us saying who needs more. And what we found is that most of these lands can be assisted by our counter UAS program, our drone capabilities, and we're going to do it because what's happening is the Mexican drug cartels are literally flying overhead, dropping their cargo, their narcotics onto this land where no one's looking, and then it's being disseminated to children, to youth, to adults on that land and killing them. And we got to stop it before it gets dropped off.

I think so.

I will ma'am.

No.

Domestic terrorism.

Our number one priorities are protecting the homeland and international terrorism and crushing violent crime. And domestic terrorism sort of interlays between both of those.

I mean, most of that is just not true. We have 1,700 current DT managed programs. We're up 300% in the amount of cases we brought against nihilistic violent extremists, including 764, wishing to harm our children. The FBI and the men and women are getting after that problem set more than ever because I've unleashed them to do so. And in any situation that these tragic occurrences across the country are somehow singularly my fault or disgusting because that watershed goes down. Mr. Patel, I'm going to reclaim my time. Mr. and they are not responsible for it. I'm happy to work with you to get them what they need. Gentle lady controls the time. Unanimous consent request. You'll state the request.

objection.

That's simply not true. If we were not able to do two things at one time, how would we be in record amounts of time? 23,000 violent felons have been arrested belongs to the gentle twice as many as last gentle from Georgia.

Simply put, what is it? Are we failing? If we're failing, how are we arresting 23,000 violent felons, twice as many as this time last year. Are we failing? Because if we're failing, how are we seizing 1500 kilograms of meth, 25% increase from last year. Are we failing because we captured four top 10 FBI most wanted from around the world in 7 months? That's more than the entirety of the last administration. Are we failing because we put 1500 child predators in prison? Are we failing because we dismantled 300 human trafficking networks? Which is it? You don't like me? That's fine. But don't you dare disparrage the men and women of the FBI that are producing record results in historic fashion to protect this country. They are kicking ass for America and they're going to continue to do so.

Those numbers are accurate. The train numbers are up over 350% from the year before.

Uh, not to be nitpicky, but it's 89,000 kilos of cocaine and 7,300 kg of meth.

One of our best operations out of the port of Tampa and I was down there in South Florida when Panax did their work.

Yes, ma'am.

Yes, we have. And that's on track to be more than 25% than ever before.

A 17% increase from year to date last year.

We have under Operation Grey Skull dismantled dark web units that are operating online, not just in the United States, but across uh the world to do our children harm. We have taken into custody more suspects than ever before on those who seek to harm our children. That is what the men and women of the FBI do. And that's what they're going to continue to do. Those are the real results when you let good cops be cops and when you let us get on these platforms and expose them to the public and show them the harms of these predators on these online gaming systems and social media systems. And we need more help from Congress to allow us more authorities to do that work.

All of law enforcement relies on our sieges operation out of West Virginia and all and what that does is allow 19,000 agencies to come in and say, "Hey, does this guy have a criminal history? Hey, is this an illegal firearm? Do we have a DNA hit like we did in these recent um um assassinations? That's what the FBI brings to bear because local and state law enforcement agencies don't have that capability and we're doing it 247 365. Sees does not close for one minute.

Our biggest threats involving nation state actors are the PRC, Russia, and China. And they are up 33%, 83% and 60% respectively in arrest alone this year. Those nation state actors wish to do harm in our infrastructure, our critical infrastructure system, our energy, our water supply, and also go after and target individuals and senior citizens and take their money through online pig butchering schemes which we've exposed in Cambodia by way of the CCP. This is groundbreaking work that the American public should be seeing that their FBI is doing and I'm happy to have the opportunity to report on it.

I can only speak for myself and the guy and what we are doing is I think I mentioned it earlier we're following the money because whatever attack you are describing and they are all dis despicable equally so people need money to operate people need money to conduct these attacks to conduct these invest in investigations and so what we are doing is finding the people that supported this infrastructure system because even when you say there's a lone quote unquote lonewolf actor He's not truly a lonewolf actor. Something happened along the way.

My voice will be through the investigations that the FBI conducts and we will conduct them all lawfully and equally.

I could always speak generally, sir. There is too much political violence and it has been a precipitate rise on on on too many fronts.

We solve this by giving the FBI more authorities to go into and work with the private sector. There are too many online platforms. There are too many social media platforms. There are too many gaming platforms. There are too many places for people from America and around the world to get together without their parents knowing anything about it, without their school teachers knowing anything about it and infection infesting the minds of our children and infecting them with radical ideology and with that is the root cause of these problems and we must tackle it. It is not a 1950s America anymore. In 2025 the cyerspace needs to be tackled.

as soon as the trial is over?

I'll work with you on 230 any day.

That were charged based on credible evidence.

We are not releasing the names of anyone because the Department of Justice never does that of anyone that didn't have any credible information to attack them.

Sure, I'll do it.

Here's what I've learned in my government service. I don't give a damn what they say about me as long as I'm succeeding in the mission. We're succeeding in the mission because the men and women of the FBI have never been empowered to do more work and to hit the streets harder than by President Trump's authorities and resources he's given us. And so all I care about is that we are capturing more child predators than ever before, taking more drugs off the streets than ever before, that we are capturing murderers at a a significantly historic rate, and we are delivering this country the lowest murder rate in recorded history. that are facts that you cannot dispute, but you can come at me all you want. I don't care.

It was every special counsel that's appointed produces a report to the attorney general. Special counsel's Durham report largely focused on Crossfire Hurricane and included extensive summary findings in classified and and unclassified manner and we released the classified version finally declassifying it for the American public in this committee.

I think so.

As written in the report, I'll let it speak for itself.

I believe so.

I think it's in more than the Durham report, but yes.

I believe so, sir.

I believe so, sir.

I believe both.

I believe so sir.

I believe so.

Put simply, that the FBI was weaponized

Yes, sir.

We don't ask FBI people applicants where their political parties are.

We the FBI does not.

since that lawsuit has been filed and it's on lowing litigation. I'm not able to comment.

The FBI doesn't terminate anyone based on case assignments alone.

in the entire history of the FBI? I'm sure they have.

I'm sure there's ongoing litigation.

That's the critical component. Sustained effort. And that's the critical component when you look at what happened in Washington DC. We're not here for 4 seconds in terms of safeguarding Washington DC. It's a sustained initiative.

It's pretty simple. You don't even have to be in law enforcement to know that. If you put cops with other cops, they're going to do cop work. That's right.

And what was needed in the communities out there was more cops. What was not needed in the bloated bureaucracy of Washington DC was a third of the FBI's workforce because a third of the crime does not come happen in the Washington DC NCR area. And so the results speak for themselves. Our state and local partners, I've always said this, are our biggest ally, our greatest ally and partner, and we cannot do the work without them. But we got to send our guys to them.

Well, unfortunately, in order to have these record-breaking numbers of arrest and seizures, you tragically had to have a record-breaking explosion in violent crime. And it doesn't happen overnight. And it came in from all corners of the earth and from all platforms, including social media. And that's the root cause of all of these evils. And in order to clean it up, it's not going to happen overnight. But the men and women of the FBI, what they did in these seven months, everybody should be talking about it. Every single district in this deis is safer now today than it has ever been because of that work.

Well, if you are harboring criminals, you are harboring our ability to keep our communities safe. It's that simple. If you have a fugitive warrant for a violent felony offense and we are not able to procure you because of policies or rules that don't allow us to go get them, and time and time again, we have heard all too many illegal immigrants who should not have been here murdering women, murdering children, giving drugs to our youth, and raping our children. and that is unacceptable.

They're intertwined.

Criminals know that there are certain jurisdictions where if they shoot someone, they'll be out the door within the next hour to do it again.

And that's an ethos that is and a system that has been built out over years that we are combating.

As long as I'm in this seat, we're not defunding any cops.

2500 FBI employees are not currently working on immigration enforcement.

on the KO report

You couldn't have signed off on it because it's not happening.

The premise is false. The 764 network in Baltimore was taken down and FBI D agents do double and triple duty all the time.

That's a literal another falsehood. It's impossible to me move a human being without documenting that work.

Two things if you are corrupt you don't work at the FBI. It's that simple. Uh, so we don't tolerate any form of corruption or any deviation from our our high standards, whether you're an agent, an intel analyst, or whatnot. And just to show the American public the resurrection that the FBI has had in these last seven months, you don't have to believe me, our applicant pool has doubled month over month, every year, from the highest point it has ever been. More people want to work at this FBI than ever before in US history.

Everybody that comes to work at the FBI is allowed to have their own belief system, but they're not allowed to bring that belief system into the workplace. And anyone that does won't work at the FBI.

We are not getting involved in political events except this one.

I don't know, sir.

I think leadership should address it.

That has not been my experience. That should not happen.

No.

That investigation and uh matter is in open trial, so I don't want to stylize the evidence.

Never.

Well, pursuant to my transparenc transparency initiative and working with Congress on oversight, those documents, that's it. Those documents are available for the American public to see and read and hold people accountable. And that's what I'm committed to.

if they did so improperly? Yes.

Well, I don't know, but I'm not going to target you.

Zealously protecting our First Amendment rights.

but zealously going after those that abuse that right that leads to criminal conduct. You will be investigated. You will be looked at and referred to prosecution every single time the evidence warrants.

Well, in North Carolina, you're slated to get a plus up of 22 FBI employees and they're already on the way. And that encompasses cyber counter intel, counterterrorism, field agents, intel operatives. And what we're doing on a macro level on the counter intelligence and cyber front is going after the people that fund these operations on these online platforms and breaking their banks because once we do that successfully across the board, they won't have the ability to attack us.

All of it across the board is being zealously investigated no matter what your um motivation or bias is behind it.

We're looking at the entire spiderweb for any of these attacks, be it Denver or Charlie or where have you. And that's why our investigations are ongoing. We don't have a final product yet.

2100 arrests, 37% decrease in violent crime, same time last year, 60% uh decrease in gun crimes, 74% decrease in carjackings, and 53% reduction in homicides in Washington DC in the last month alone.

Um, yes. Yes.

It's a report, the number of the report whenever an FBI agent goes out and interviews someone.

I am.

Yes, sir.

What we're able to do is take our counterterrorism platform traditionally used for global terrorist manhunting and bring it into this hemisphere against a very real threat which is the drug traffickers and they are foreign terrorist organizations. So we just have so many more resources and authorities now directed at them.

So the JTFs are kind of our forward operating base across every single state in this country to take on that mission. And anytime you're labeled a foreign terrorist organization, you know, you come right under the authorities of the JTF, the task force officers and the state and local level police work that gets done in those JTFs. Um and the Homeland Security Task Force layer on top of that I think 25 or 30 across the country specifically working with DHS and Secretary Gnome to go after the drug trafficking foreign terrorist organizations because they have unique capabilities and authorities dedicated to that mission. And so that's the beauty of the HSTFs.

So it's critically important um both the FBI and DHS have those capabilities. I'll speak to the FBI of course only. And you raised the World Cup and that's exactly what we needed for. The Club World Cup which just happened was 32 games um in at least a dozen different cities across the country. the largest sporting events um consecutively in American history. And we used our counterdone capabilities to not only um inspect and secure stadium locations, but where fans were hovering in we call base camps. And thankfully, because of the success of the FBI DHS, we had no significant security incidences. and flipping to the World Cup which is going to be three times as large and obviously the largest we've ever had and blending into the LA Olympics in 28. Our counter UAS capabilities are going to be the ones that are able us to have literal bird's eyee view of the threat dynamic around so many of these cities which are going to see literally tens and hundreds of thousands of people flock to them. So we have to have it

Exactly.

Absolutely.

It is.

Yes.

Yes, we do. And what we can do to address it, um, Congressman, is we need to get online partnerships with these companies in the public space, on these gaming sites, and on these social media sites. As I was saying earlier, there is no way to triage the amount of information generated on these sites by the FBI alone. And we need the public private partnership. And there's another law that's expiring, I think, at the end of this month, which I believe we need renewed, that allows private sector companies to report into the FBI without liability for criminal investigatory purposes.

Thank you.