Well, I have the distinct honor of getting to talk with you again but for this time to introduce the next president of United States, Donald J. Trump. But before I do, let me just say -- sorry, I had to screw with you a little bit, right? How do you introduce the guy? Pretty much everybody knows everything about him.

They know he was a great president, and we want to make him president again. But what I thought I'd say is what are the qualifications you need to be a good president? Well, number one, you need to love this country, right? We got a lot of leaders who don't love this country, but there are, frankly, if we're being honest, a lot of people who love this country you wouldn't want to make president just because they love the country.

You need something else. And when I wrote my convention speech, and I wrote it mostly myself, had some help from some friends. But I was looking at the history of President Trump's engagement with his country, and one of the things that jumped out at me is if you think about the biggest mistakes we've made as a country, the things that have hurt my home state of Ohio, this state, Michigan, the most, you kind of run through the list of things.

I'd start with --

Obviously, Gretchen Whitmer is a problem. I'm talking about even further back than that, NAFTA, giving China the sweetheart trade deal and letting them into the World Trade Organization, the Iraq war in 2003. On every single one of those issues, Joe Biden was wrong, and President Donald J. Trump was right.

Even though he was a real estate developer in New York, he knew instinctively what this country needed and how to put the interests of the citizens of this country first. Now, we had a hell of a four years with President Donald J. Trump, didn't we? In four years, he undid, I believe, 30 years of damage, of terrible leadership.

Are we ready to give him four more years? Are we ready to hear from the next president of the United States, President Donald J. Trump? Come on out, sir.