We spoke about this in detail with the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary and others at lunch yesterday. And I know that Secretary of Commerce Lutnick followed up in private meetings last night. This is really important. We believe Americans have the right to speak their mind even if we in this room disagree with them.

They have the right to speak their mind in the public square, which is often online these days. And we're going to defend that right as it pertains to American companies and American citizens vigorously if we have to. I do think that under the President's leadership, we're going to find common ground with our friends in the UK on this question.

But it remains to be seen. The principle that will guide us is we believe in free speech in this country and will fight for it for American citizens.

I want to respond to this. So look, for four years, the United States of America, we had a president who stood up at press conferences and talked tough about Vladimir Putin. And then, Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country. The path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy.

We tried the pathway of Joe Biden of thumping our chest and pretending that the president of the United States words mattered more than the president of the United States is actions. What makes America a good country is America engaging in diplomacy. That's what President Trump is doing.

Sure.

Yeah.

2014-2015?

That's exactly right.

I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's going to end the destruction of your country.

-- But, Mr. President -- Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the president for trying to bring an end to this conflict --

I have been to --

I have actually -- I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know that what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour, Mr. President. Do you disagree that you've had problems bringing people into your military?

And do you think that it's respectful --

-- to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to -- trying to prevent the destruction of your country?

Sure.

That's exactly what you're doing.

Have you said thank you once this entire meeting?

No, in this entire meeting have you said, thank you.

You went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October, offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America --

You say thank you --

-- Accept that there -- accept --

-- accept that there are disagreements and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American media when you're wrong. We know that you're wrong.

I understand, sir.

She's asking what if Russia breaks the ceasefire?