That's right.

Yes, sir. Well, thanks, Mr. President. Thanks to the incredible team here. You know, I was, uh, I want to echo something the president said where you say there haven't been murders in a couple of weeks in DC. And it doesn't sound good. But then you talk to local law enforcement, and I didn't realize this, that this town averaged one murder every other day for the last 20, 30 years.

Which means that in two short weeks, the president and the team have saved six or seven lives, people who would have been killed on the streets of DC who are now living, breathing, spending time with their families. Because the president had the willpower to say no more. We're not going to give the streets of DC over to vagrants and robbers and murderers.

And the last point I want to make sir, to your point about we want people to welcome us, to ask us. Because look at Governor Pritzker in Illinois or Governor Newsom in Los Angeles or Governor Moore in Maryland. They are angrier about the fact that the president of the United States is offering to help them get their crime under control than they are about the fact that murderers are running roughshod over their cities.

And have been for decades. Why are Democrat governors angrier about federal law enforcement helping clean up their streets than they are about the fact that those streets need to be cleaned up to begin with? It shows a real sickness in the head. And I agree with the President of United States. I think most Democrat's rank and file.

Nobody likes crime. Republicans don't like crime. Democrats don't like crime. Independents don't like crime. Why are Democratic governors doing everything in their power to make crime easier to do in their cities? It doesn't make an ounce of sense to me. But Mr. President, I appreciate you being willing to help.

And I hope these governors take you up on the offer because we should clean up all of America's streets. It's the right of every American to live in safety and comfort in their community.

Yes, sir.

Well, local law enforcement told me, sir, that in the past 20 or 30 years, DC has averaged a murder every other day. That's, you know, 200 murders a year. 150, 250. But about every other day, a person has been killed on the streets of Washington, DC. We've been doing this for two weeks, zero people killed.

That's real lives saved that the media and frankly the entire Democratic Party should be saying thank you for saving lives instead of attacking the president of United States for doing so.

Yes, sir.