Hey, everybody. JD Vance here, live from my office in the White House complex and filling in for somebody who cannot be filled in for, but I'm going to try to do my best, my dear friend, the great Charlie Kirk. The last several days have been extremely hard for our country. They've been hard for me, hard for my family, hard for the countless people in this building who knew and loved Charlie Kirk.

And of course, they've been hardest most of all for his darling wife Erika and their two beautiful children. The thing is, every single person in this building, we owe something to Charlie. He was a joyful warrior for our country. He loved America. He devoted himself tirelessly to making our country a better place.

He was a critical part of getting Donald Trump elected as president, getting me elected as vice president. And so much of our success over the last seven months is due to his efforts, his staffing, his support and his friendship. I don't think that I'm alone in saying that Charlie was the smartest political operative I ever met.

Everyone knew him as this fearless debater, this guy who would take the conservative message into hostile places and inspire younger generations to have courage. One thing that's hit a lot of those young Americans over the last week was how Charlie was there for them when others were not, when they were afraid to speak their minds, when they were afraid of what a professor would say, when they were afraid that they would be shouted down by their peers.

Charlie was there showing them that they could be courageous and that they could be bold.

Charlie was a visionary. He was a luminary. He brought together people. He didn't just teach people how to speak. He didn't just teach people what to say. He didn't just teach people, they could actually speak their mind on campus. He created a whole social network for an entire generation of young people.

I know people who met their husband, who met their wife, who met the best man at their wedding at a TPUSA event. Because as you guys all know, it's not just about speaking our mind, it's about making friends along the way and creating that support network that won an election and that staff the current federal government.

I owe so much to Charlie. I've had friends reach out in just the last couple of days, who sent me messages, screenshots, that they exchanged with Charlie in the run up to me getting selected by the president as his vice-presidential running mate. And it's such an honor to have people show me that Charlie said, we want JD to be the VP nominee, and I just had a conversation with the president and I think things are actually going well.

I think he's actually going to choose JD Vance.

Do you know what it means to me that such a good guy, such a good friend, such a lion and visionary of our movement was advocating for me? So I wanted to use this show today to advocate for Charlie, to talk about him, to talk about what kind of a guy he was, to talk about what kind of a man he was, what kind of a husband and father he was.

And to take people, most of them from inside the administration, but some of them from without, who knew Charlie best and to talk about what he meant, what he meant to them, what he meant to this administration and what he meant to the conservative movement. Now, I was very honored a couple of days ago, on September the 11th, 2025, to fly out to Utah where Charlie was shot and killed, to meet his wife, to meet his mom and his dad, his sister, all just incredible people who didn't deserve to have this happen to them.

And I was also honored to be able to take Charlie's remains from Utah to Arizona. It was an amazing, amazing thing. It was heartbreaking and it was sad and it was terrible, but what an honor it was for me and my family to be welcomed in to the Kirk inner circle at their moment of grief. There are a few things that I want to talk about just from that moment.

First of all, when I first met Erika, his lovely wife and such an incredibly brave soul. I'm not sure if you saw her remarks after Charlie died. If you haven't, I would encourage you to go and see them because you see this raw grief and incredible courage all in the same moment and that's what we need right now.

We need to grieve, but we also need this courage in this moment more than we've ever needed it. She gave me a hug and she was heartbroken, as of course she would be, and she said that she loved him so much. And I said, Erika, he loved you so much. He died way too young, but he died a happy man because of you, because of the family that you gave him, because of the home and the life that you guys had built together.

And we sat for about an hour and we talked about Charlie. And you know, in these moments, you don't know what to say. I'm a person who literally speaks for a living and I had no idea what to say and I didn't try to console her because how can you console a person who just lost a loving husband and father?

But we just talked about Charlie. We talked about who he was. We talked about some of our favorite stories. We talked about some of his idiosyncrasies and all the things that made Charlie Kirk who he was and she said something to me that I will never forget. My wife was there. It was just me and my wife, on my side, and then a lot of people from the Turning Point's family, a lot of people from Charlie's family.

And she said to me that Charlie never raised his voice, that he never cussed at her, that he was never cross or mean spirited to her. And look, I'm a husband. I'm proud of being a husband. I think that on the great balance of things, that I'm a pretty good husband, but I can never say that I was never unpleasant with my wife.

I can never say that I've never raised my voice to my wife. Like most husbands, even the good ones, we're sometimes imperfect. And I took from that moment that I needed to be a better husband and I needed to be a better father because of all these moments that I shared just in the last few days, the books that I've read to my kids, going up to their bedroom and kissing them and hugging them before bed.

I just realized that all of these moments that I get to have, Charlie is not able to have them anymore and Charlie's kids and his beautiful wife are not able to have them anymore. And maybe the best way that I can contribute and the best way that I can honor my dear friend is to be the best husband that I can be, to be the kind of husband to my wife that he was to his.

You know, he talked all the time about the most important thing you could do is not vote for a particular candidate. It was to become, if you were a young man, a husband and a father. He talked about the joy that came from fatherhood, the joy that came from raising a family and being part of their growth and their development and all the incredible things that happen when you get to be a husband and father.

And that is the way that I'm going to honor my friend, is to be the very best at that most important job that I can be. But that's not the only way that I'm going to honor Charlie. And there's going to be a lot of discussion over the next two hours of this radio program about what exactly that looks like.

It's important, and Erika asked me this, to make sure that his movement, the movement that Charlie started has to keep going. We have to build upon it. We have to add to it. We have to make sure that the next generation of young people feels confident and courageous to speak their mind and to speak the truth.

We're going to talk about that. We're going to talk about, why do we do this? Of course, we do this so that we can enact good public policy and take back our country. We're going to talk with senior officials in the administration about what we're trying to do to honor Charlie's legacy in that way. Of course, we have to make sure that the killer is brought to justice.

And importantly, we have to talk about this incredibly destructive movement of left-wing extremism that has grown up over the last few years, and I believe is part of the reason why Charlie was killed by an assassin's bullet. We're going to talk about how to dismantle that. And how to bring real unity, real unity that can only come when we tell the truth and everybody knows that they can speak their mind about the issues of the day without being cut down by a murderer's gun.

We're going to talk about all of those things with friends of Charlie, with people in the administration, with people that he knew. On a podcast a couple of months back, Charlie was asked about how he'd want to be remembered if he died.

His answer, I want to be remembered for courage for my faith, that would be the most important thing. The most important thing is my faith, and that was Charlie. And in this dark moment for our country, I think that's the greatest lesson any of us can take from Charlie, to have faith, to have faith in the Lord and to be bold and how we glorify him, to be bold in our pursuits as Charlie was in his.

So that's what we're going to spend a little bit of time doing this afternoon, keeping this incredible show he created going and hearing from some of the people who were so fortunate to call Charlie a friend. We're going to pay tribute to his courageous legacy and we're going to commit to keep it forever alive.

I'm looking forward to this. Join us.

Welcome back to the Charlie Kirk Show. This is Vice President JD Vance. Joining me now is Stephen Miller, White House deputy chief of staff, dear friend of mine and dear friend of Charlie Kirk's. And before I get into the nitty-gritty of what I want to talk with Stephen about, you know, there's a lot of questions about the investigation, where we are the investigation.

I want to be respectful to the FBI's process, but just know that we are on top of this and the entire administration is trying to do as much as possible to find everything that we can about what led to this, about how we got here, and of course, ultimately how an assassin took Charlie's life. I wanted to zoom out with Stephen a little bit and talk about all of the ways that we're trying to figure out how to prevent this festering violence that you see on the far left from becoming even more and more mainstream.

And before I do that, Stephen, I want to do this with every guest because you're a friend of Charlie's. And one of the things I'm hoping that people get out of this is an understanding for the kind of guy that Charlie was, who he was. And so before I talk to you about what we're doing to try to prevent something like this from happening again, maybe you could just talk about why you love Charlie, what memories you have of him, something that would give our audience a sense of what he was behind the microphone.

That's right.

That's right.

He was our biggest supporter, Stephen.

But he was also, if he disagreed, he would figure out how to get us to get where he wanted us to go.

And he was always such a big cheerleader, absolutely right.

The darkest moments of my life, it was Charlie who was on the phone saying, don't let them get to you, keep on fighting, keep on going. You're absolutely right. So I want to be mindful of time here. A lot of people are very worried about how we got here in the first place.

And you have the crazies on the far left who are saying, oh, Stephen Miller and JD Vance, they're going to go after constitutionally protected speech. No, no, no. We're going to go after the NGO network that foments, facilitates and engages in violence. That's not OK. Violence is not OK in our system and we want to make it less likely that that happens.

Walk me through at a high level, like, what you and I have been working on, what the whole administration has been working on to try to make sure that we don't reward and promote this craziness.

Right.

Charlie showed that. Amen.

We've got 30 seconds, so be quick, Stephen.

Thank you, Stephen. Don't go away. I'll be joined by a guest of friends just in a few seconds. See you soon.

Welcome back. This is vice president of these United States, JD Vance, your host for today's Charlie Kirk Show. Joining me now, and I'm excited about this one, are a few guys who like me were lucky enough to call Charlie their friend.

I have Taylor Budowich, the White House deputy chief of staff, Kaelan Dorr, in the middle, is the White House deputy communications director and Andrew Kolvet is Charlie's longtime friend and the executive producer of this show. Gentlemen, thanks so much for joining me. Thanks for being a dear friend to Charlie.

And I thought what I'd start with is, you know, we all knew Charlie, the man; not just Charlie, the personality or Charlie, the celebrity or Charlie, the guy who did debates on college campuses. I want to start with you, Taylor. What's something that you wish people knew about Charlie, that they don't If they just watched his clips on X or YouTube or wherever?

Yeah, we'll talk about that, Andrew.

So it sounds like there's been this blowout of interest in Turning Points USA and the mission. You know, one of the things I really hope is that this assassin didn't silence Charlie's movement and I think that's the best way for us to honor him, is to keep it going. You're one of the critical people at TPUSA.

Tell us a little bit about Charlie, but also about what you've seen in the wake of Charlie's assassination.

Wow. Awesome.

That's right. Well, he was, in a lot of ways as you guys know, the ultimate cheerleader and he saw in you, things that you didn't necessarily see in yourself. He was a true friend in that way. And I remember, you know, one particularly difficult moment, probably the hardest moment on the campaign trail for me. We had an event in Arizona, I believe with a bunch of faith leaders.

And it was the one time on the entire national Campaign where I gave my chief of staff a hug and apologized to him because I was just a -- you know, I hadn't seen the kids in seven days. I was particularly cranky and I get to this event and I'm just kind of like, man, come on, we got to do this again.

And Charlie comes back and he gives me a hug and he's like, you know, your kids, you know, they love you and they're going to realize eventually why this was so important to do this. And that kind of gave me this sense of all right, my head's back in the game. And that was what Charlie was always good at, setting ridiculous objectives, but finding some way to motivate people to go after it, even though it was -- you know, it seemed unattainable until you got a little Charlie Kirk pep talk.

Kaelan, what was your -- what's the thing you miss the most about Charlie? What do you think is the most difficult part of replacing the great Charlie Kirk?

Yep.

Yeah, Kaelan, there was this incredible hope at the core of Charlie's character that you could solve so many problems just by communicating with people. Like, if he wanted to introduce somebody to God, he would just go and talk to them. If he wanted to introduce them to a new idea, he would just go and talk to them.

And it's what makes this particularly tragic, is that he was doing the very thing that he loved, the very thing that led him to inspire so many people, and that's when they tried to cut him down, at his strongest, doing the most important thing that he was doing for our country. I mean, Taylor, you mentioned his sister -- or your sister going to a Turning Point event.

And the thing about Charlie, and this is again something I don't know that people fully appreciate unless you knew him particularly well, is he was such a bright guy, right? He read theology and he read political philosophy and he knew all these, like, crazy citations. And he knew like every Bible verse for every particular case or he knew something that was written by some 15th century political philosopher.

You're like, Charlie, where the hell did you get that from?

It's like, oh, I just read a lot of books, but he could also deal with people at the level who didn't know anything about politics, who were curious who loved their country. They wanted to make it better. Taylor, talk a little bit about that, about -- because Taylor, those of you who don't know, is the lead in our communication shop here in the White House.

He knows more about talking to people than pretty much anybody in the White House, or at least that's what you're supposed to know more than anybody else about. But like, talk about Charlie, the communicator, because that's one of the things that made him who he was.

Right.

Gentlemen, thank you so much for sharing all those stories, for sharing your time, for talking about Charlie. After the break, I'll be joined by Karoline Leavitt, our incredible White House press secretary. This is The Charlie Kirk Show.

Hello, everyone, Vice President JD Vance here. Welcome back to The Charlie Kirk Show.

So I am moonlighting as a radio host today, of course, in honor of my dear friend Charlie. And you know, I wanted to be like Marco Rubio. I wanted to add an extra job here as the radio host and vice president here in the West Wing, here in the White House complex. But I have another person here who wears many hats and is one of the most gifted communicators I've ever seen, right up there with the great Charlie Kirk.

I'm glad to be joined by Karoline Leavitt, our press secretary. Karoline, so good to see you.

So let me -- why don't you kick it off and tell us a little bit? So those who don't know who are listening or watching, you actually were involved with TPUSA very early on when you were in college. Tell me about that experience and about getting to know Charlie Kirk through that forum.

Yep.

Great. So you literally communicate for a living. You're the person that speaks to the American people and the world on behalf of the White House every single day. Did you learn anything particular about the way that Charlie Kirk communicated with people? And what I always appreciated is that though he was very smart and though you see all these clips of him owning people or of him getting the better of somebody in a debate, if you watched a full Charlie Kirk rally and all of the Q&A -- and I was just talking with Andrew about this off camera, 90 percent of it is Charlie being kind and being compassionate and offering moral support to people.

What do you take from Charlie Kirk, the communicator?

Absolutely. So you know, I always think of Charlie Kirk debating sometimes these kids on college campuses and how the one part of your job that maybe would be harder if you went on college campuses is, I think some of these college kids ask way better questions than the radicals do in the White House press briefing room.

So that'd be like good preparation for you in a lot of ways.

Yeah, exactly. TPUSA was actually the varsity. Now, you're kind of the JV level with your opponents here, but you do such an incredible job. And you are, of course, not just the White House press secretary, you were also the main spokesperson during the Trump campaign.

And you know, what made -- I want to ask how important Charlie was to the victory because there were so many events that we did with TPUSA, where I would show up and they were incredible and the energy was off the charts. And Charlie would always tell me, whenever I went to Arizona, he'd say, don't worry about Arizona, worry about Michigan, and worry about Wisconsin, we've got Arizona.

Talk, with a minute and 10 seconds remaining, just about how important Charlie was to our effort to win and make Donald Trump the president of the United States.

He did.

Thank you, Karoline. Up next, the great Tucker Carlson joins me. We'll be right back.

Welcome back to The Charlie Kirk Show. Joining me now is my friend and a close friend of Charlie, the great Tucker Carlson. Tucker, thank you so much for being here. And we have 10 minutes, Tucker, and just to give you guys at home a little behind the scenes, the producer just showed Tucker a sign that said, wrap, and Tucker looked at it and said, this is expand on your point, right?

So if we end up going 35 minutes, you'll know it's not the host's fault, it's Tucker Carlson's fault.

But I had -- you know, Tucker, I think you know this and some of you know this because I wrote about it on X.com. But when X.com was Twitter, I did an interview with Tucker Carlson Tonight Show on Fox News, and I got a message from a guy named Charlie Kirk that said, you did a great job. I really liked what you said and let's keep in touch.

And that began the start of my friendship with Charlie Kirk.

That was the first time I had ever communicated with Charlie Kirk. So you've known him for a long time. You talked to him about a lot of issues and I want to talk in part about how to honor Charlie's legacy because I think that he modeled civil discourse within the right.

He accepted there were big disagreements on all these issues, but he thought we were all on the same team and we could debate this stuff, but actually have a drink at the end of the day and recognize that we were all trying to accomplish, fundamentally, the good of the country. So I want to talk a little bit about that.

Before I get there, just tell me about your buddy, Charlie Kirk. What was he like? What did people who only know him from radio or TV not appreciate about what a good guy he was?

That's exactly right, Tucker. He treated everybody with respect and because he genuinely loved people and he genuinely wanted their salvation. He wanted them to have a relationship with God. He wanted them to, to know the truth. He always treated them with respect, maybe especially when he disagreed with them.

And I think about this, you talked about foreign policy that is one of the big divides on the American right, right now. And the thing that Charlie seemed to understand intuitively is that the coalition that made Donald Trump the president of United States and JD Vance the vice president of United States, it included Tucker Carlson, but also Ben Shapiro.

It included people who did disagree vociferously but agreed on 70 or 80 percent of issues.

And fundamentally, the question Charlie would ask is, if you're a good faith person and you're trying to do right, then you are part of the Big 10. And I think that's something that we have to try to model together because Charlie is no longer around to do it for us. And one way in particular, I was very touched by this.

I actually texted Mark about this because, you know, you very generously have put out some donation link to help support Charlie's family and think about, you know, Erika and the kids most importantly, they're grieving the loss of a dear husband and father. But somebody -- us, we're going to have to step in and fill the gap to provide for them in a way that Charlie no longer can't because he was taken down by an assassin's bullet.

You know who I saw share that link, was Mark Levin.

And I thought it was a really good example of how Charlie was able to bring people together from across our movement so long as we were operating in good faith. That was the question, if you were good faith, you're on his team.

Correct.

Yeah. So one of the issues, Tucker, and I agree with you, that that he would express disagreements with the administration on. There are two that that jump out, is one, you know, Charlie was a hardliner on immigration. He wanted us to control our borders as much as possible.

He wanted us to ramp up the deportations. I remember having conversations with Charlie where he would say, why aren't the deportations higher, why aren't you doing more? And I would talk to him, but it wasn't, hey, I don't understand this or I disagree with you and therefore I'm going to blast you and assume that you're in bad faith.

It's, I'm a free citizen, I love you guys, I supported you guys and I'm going to use my platform to try to accomplish as much good as I possibly can. And I think that made him such an effective operator. And I would talk to Charlie. I'd say, Charlie, well, look, here are the reasons why. And as you've seen Tucker, we've ramped up deportation numbers.

We have actually -- there are a lot of people who are self-deporting because they don't want to be in the country knowing that eventually immigration enforcement will happen. But I think part of that success comes from people like Charlie applying pressure. Pressure is a friend. Pressure is somebody who cares deeply about the issue.

And that's true also, I know we have about 90 seconds left, but that's true about foreign policy. Like, I remember Charlie calling me and saying, I'm really worried. And this is back in the summer when the Iran strikes were sort of first being contemplated. He said, I'm really worried this is going to become another regime change war in the Middle East that we get trapped in. And I said, Charlie, first of all, like, have some faith here.

The president of the United States is not a believer in perpetual war. He knows the mistakes of Iraq and Afghanistan. He doesn't want to repeat them. But Charlie was very clear that he could support Israel. And by the way, he did eventually support the strikes on the nuclear facility while simultaneously saying, no more.

This can't become a bigger thing. This can't become a broader thing. And again, I think he modeled a really good way of applying pressure, of disagreeing when you do disagree, but also recognizing that so long as you're operating in good faith, we're all part of the team. And that's something I'm going to try to take from Charlie's legacy, is not that we're always right, not that we can't take criticism, but that we all should try to work together.

Right.

He kept his integrity to the very end.

Absolutely. Thank you, Tucker. It's good to be with you. Don't go away. We'll be right back with our great Secretary of Health and Human Services, Bobby Kennedy Jr. You are listening to The Charlie Kirk Show.

Welcome back to The Charlie Kirk Show. Joining us now is Robert F. Kennedy Jr., our great Health and Human Services secretary. Bobby, thank you so much for being here. And one of the things that I always took from Charlie was this idea that we needed to grow the coalition and expand the coalition. There's probably no person in the entire administration who better exemplifies that than you.

One of the leading consumer advocates, health advocates that has existed in our country, but until a few years ago, more aligned, given your name, you were a scion of one of the great political families on the Democratic side in American history. But now you're one of the most important members of the administration in a Republican administration.

Maybe talk, if you would, just a little bit about Charlie's approach to politics and how it ultimately made you one of the most important people in the federal government.

Sure.

So we have 80 seconds left on radio and then we'll continue streaming for the folks who are watching live on the internet and other platforms. But talk to me just a little bit about Charlie's influence and actually politically getting you to be the H&HS secretary, because I remember he was such a strong advocate for you.

He was so proud of the president and of you when the president nominated you. Obviously, like all of our nominees, there was a tough confirmation fight. Just talk -- give us 50 seconds on how important he was to making you have the position and the title you have right now.

Sure.

Let me pause there, Bobby. This will continue on streaming, but for those listening on radio, I want to thank the secretary. And again, we'll keep on going for another few minutes off the radio, but appreciate it. Thank you.

And now that we're, I guess, off radio, keep talking about this piece of it because he was strategically brilliant and he was a good political operator, in a way that I think so many people don't realize.

Yeah.

He was.

Yes. Yes.

Yes.

Yes.

Yeah, so I talked to Charlie, it was either the night of or the day after our debate with Tim Walz. And you know, he was excited. He told me how great I did and obviously it's awesome to hear from a friend who tells you that you did a great job. But he asked what I thought of Tim and I said, honestly, you know, because you get in this sort of bunker mentality in the campaign, it's us versus them.

And I was like, honestly, even though I'm glad that I think I did well and I certainly don't want this guy to become vice president, I actually kind of liked him afterwards, after 90 minutes of talking with him. And Charlie said, that's why I do all these debates, is like, you can disagree vehemently with somebody.

But if you're actually communicating with them, it's really hard not to appreciate at least a little bit as a human being. Even if you think they're 100 percent wrong on the issues, you can appreciate them a little bit as a human being.

And that's what Charlie was so good at. So with all respect to you and all gratitude for being such a big part of his life the last couple of years, Bobby, good to see you.

Thank you.

Welcome back to The Charlie Kirk Show. I'm JD Vance. And joining us now is a very special guest, the White House chief of staff, the person the president of the United States calls the most powerful woman in the world. It always embarrasses her, which is why I have to say it every time I introduce her, Susie Wiles, who is such a vital role of what we do in the white House every single day, such a vital role of the success of the 2024 campaign.

Susie, I just want to say thanks so much for joining us here to honor Charlie here. I want to tell you a little story. You may not be aware of this story, but -- and maybe you didn't pay attention to the social media chatter. But if I go back to probably six weeks after I had been selected by the president.

I was the vice-presidential nominee.

We were campaigning hard and there was a weird little social media campaign to try to get Susie Wiles fired from her job, and she was running the Trump campaign at the time.

It was a full-on campaign. And I remember talking to -- Charlie Kirk called me and he said this thing to take down Susie is an op, meaning it's an operation meant to discredit us, meant to make us less effective. And the reason he thought it was so important to protect you is because he had such great respect for you.

He thought you were such an incredible part of the team. You were sort of the person that held all the chaos together, operationally, in the midst of that very intense campaign. And so Charlie was thinking, as he always did, a little ahead of the curve. He was asking himself, what are the problems that are out there, so I can be two or three steps ahead.

And he was fighting for you maybe even before you realized that there was this thing against you.

And it was never a situation where anybody ever doubted Susie Wiles. But I wonder sometimes if the reason why you had such good and strong support from the very beginning is because you had such a powerful voice in the Republican Party standing with you every step of the way. So I just wanted to tell you that because it's one of the reasons why I admire and respect you.

I know Charlie loved, admired and respected you. But I've told my Charlie story, maybe talk in those days of the campaign, what an important part Charlie was of our efforts and our ultimately successful efforts to install the boss in the Oval Office.

Of course.

That's awesome to hear and it's consistent, Susie, with this theme that I've been coming back to today, which is that Charlie was a brilliant orator and communicator and debater. He would go to these college campuses and give them the courage to speak, to build friendships with fellow conservatives and Republicans.

But everybody knows that because everybody saw it. What they didn't see necessarily is that Charlie was this very effective strategic operator at all levels of politics. And you know, one of the things that the president always talks about is that compared to, really, not just his campaign in 2016, but any Republican campaign for the past 40 years, we saw young voters shift in every county, in every demographic, White, Black, rich or poor.

Young voters shifted right in 2024 in this very profound way. Can you talk a little bit about what Charlie did to make that happen and why this youth movement, that he really built, I mean he was a kid when he started Turning Points USA, how this youth movement without any of us probably being able to prophesize or predict it, ended up helping us deliver the White House in 2024.

Yep.

Yep, that's right. I know that, and that's one of the things that you know I'm sitting in this office here in the West Wing or White House complex. And if it weren't for Charlie Kirk, I would not be the vice president of the United States. And I think about that a lot, I've thought about that a lot over the last few days.

I mean, other than the president himself, Charlie was maybe the most important person in both getting us across the finish line, but actually getting me the nomination to begin with. It was his grassroots army. It was his advocacy that I think made me a credible selection for VP in the first place.

And obviously, the president makes the final determination, but it takes a team.

And Charlie was such an incredibly important part of that team. It's one of the reasons why I feel so indebted to him. And one of the reasons -- I mean, I worry, Susie, that he is fundamentally just an irreplaceable figure, and he is. There's no way that we can replace Charlie, and certainly not for Erika and the beautiful kids.

They're never going to get back what the assassin's gun took away from them. But the movement has to figure out a way of continuing and continuing to build on what he built and continuing to go to college campuses and talk to young people. And not just that, but when we won power, Charlie was a critical part of getting us the right people, of staffing.

So talk a little bit about that. Because other than the president of United States, the chief of staff is probably the most important person in the transition, picking cabinet secretaries, picking all these important staffers. Talk about why Charlie mattered so much and not just helping us get there, but helping us succeed now that we're here.

He did.

That's right.

I really agree with that, Susie. And I've talked to a lot of the Turning Point staff and what they tell me is operationally, organizationally, Charlie had built a machine. I mean, some of these people have been working with Charlie since he was literally a teenager, and he trusted them. Where I think he is genuinely irreplaceable is for lack of a better word, on the talent side of it, right?

How do you find a person who goes into these places, who takes very difficult questions, sometimes very hostile questions, and to your point, is actually engaging with them, is not talking at them. Now, there are all these social media clips and I was talking about this earlier, so forgive -- the audience, forgive me for repeating myself, but he was not just the super viral clips of him getting the better of a person in a debate.

If you sit down and watch a Charlie Kirk event at one of these universities, it is 90 percent him almost acting like a big brother to these kids, right? If it's a young conservative, who's very nervous about the crowd and nervous about asking a question, Charlie steps up and says, don't be nervous, I was nervous at one point.

Just speak slowly, get your question out, he would coach them through it. If there was a young progressive who is getting jeered by some of the people in the audience, he said no, no, no, guys, let her speak, let him speak. This is part of open debate is they get to hear from us and we get to hear from them.

And I thought that was just such an incredible thing that he did. I mean, I've talked to a number of friends. I've talked to, you know, Tucker, I've talked to Laura Ingraham. I've talked to a number of people about how we can try to replace that part of it, not in the way that Charlie did it. Charlie is irreplaceable, but we can at least have a team of people try to step into the gap and make sure that we're carrying this message to college campuses.

Because if we don't do that, I think that's the way in which I worry about the assassin winning, is we've got to carry on the mantle. We've got to carry on the torch and we've got to do it by continuing the message, continuing --

That's why I'm doing this show today, is I just wanted to, you know, send a signal that we're not going to let Charlie's mantle be discarded. We're going to keep on carrying it. And one final thing that I wanted to talk about is, you know, you mentioned Bobby Kennedy earlier and obviously he was on the segment before you.

What Charlie was so good at was marshaling political action into a policy outcome.

Or a person outcome. And this is where I want to talk about Bobby, and you know, so many of the really good nominees that we had, they weren't easy to get across the finish line and that's no insult to our great nominees.

Great people are  always going to be a little bit harder. If it's a -- you know, a person who doesn't make any controversy, who doesn't say anything especially controversial, that person's going to be easy. But the president didn't want that. He wanted to staff the administration with people who had interesting things to say, who brought unique perspectives.

And that meant that we were going to have some tough confirmation fights. Maybe, you know, we've got about two minutes left, talk a little bit about the role that Charlie played on the inside, on the outside, and making sure that all of these great nominations that we had actually got across the finish line in a town where we've got 53 GOP Senators and we could only lose three for any particular nomination.

We were.

Yep.

Sure.

Yes.

You heard it from the White House chief of staff, it's up to all of us, including those in the audience, to keep on the legacy of Charlie Kirk. Next up, I have some closing thoughts to share about my dear friend. We will be right back. Thanks.

Shortly after Usha and I left Charlie's family and Charlie's remains in Arizona, I wrote a story in The Nation Magazine about my dear friend, Charlie Kirk.

Now, The Nation isn't a fringe blog. It's a well-funded, well-respected magazine who's publishing history goes back to the American Civil War. George Soros Open Society Foundation funds this magazine, as does the Ford Foundation and many other wealthy titans of the American progressive movement. The writer accuses Charlie of saying, and I quote, Black women do not have brain processing power to be taken seriously.

But if you go and watch the clip, the very clip she links to, you realize he never said anything like that. He never uttered those words. He made an argument against affirmative action as a policy. He criticized a specific Supreme Court justice as an individual. He never said anything about Black women as a group.

He made an argument for judging people of all races and backgrounds by their own individual merits.

The very evidence she provides, this hack of a writer shows that she lied about a dead man and yet, she wrote it, an esteemed magazine published it, it made it through the editors, and of course, liberal billionaires rewarded that attack. Now, of course, even if Charlie had uttered those words, it wouldn't mean that he deserved his fate, but consider the level of propaganda at work.

Charlie was gunned down in broad daylight and well-funded institutions of the left lied about what he said, so as to justify his murder. This is soulless and evil. But I was struck, not just by the dishonesty of this smear, but by the glee over a young husband's and young father's death.

Quote, she says, he was an unrepentant racist, transphobe, homophobe and misogynist. The Nation wrote, who often wrapped his bigotry in Bible verses because there was no other way to pretend that it was morally correct. He had children, as do many vile people. That's what they said, he had children, as do many vile people.

Now, hours before this smear was published, my wife and I had the honor of escorting Charlie's body back to his home in Arizona. We took his wife, Erika, we love you, his parents, his sister and a few of his best friends with us. And as they offloaded Charlie's casket from Air Force 2, I worried that Erica would collapse with grief.

Now, I am a very lucky husband to a very wonderful wife, but I have never been prouder of my wife that moment as she held Erika in Erika's very darkest hour. And I thought of Erika, as I read that disgusting attack on Charlie. He had children, as do many vile people. That's what they said about him. I said the Lord's Prayer.

Our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. And I asked Usha what Erika had said to her earlier in the day in a private moment, and I asked Erika's permission to share this. My wife told me, she asked me for advice. Erika asked me for advice on how she should tell her children that their father had been murdered.

She asked my wife how to tell her beautiful kids that their father and my dear -- very dear friend is no longer with us. And as she was doing it, there were people dancing on that father's grave. Now, I have heard many calls in the last few days for unity and for healing in the wake of Charlie's assassination.

You have no idea how desperately I want that, how gratified I was when Democratic friends and even former Senate colleagues reached out to offer their condolences to me. I'm so thankful. And I know there are so many like them all across our great country. I am desperate to wrap my arms around them as we all unite to condemn political violence and the ideas that cause it. Psalm 133 tells us behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.

It is like the precious ointment upon the head. Oh, how badly have I craved that precious ointment in recent days and I believe we can have it. But first, first, we must tell the truth. It's the only way to honor Charlie, for what was he if not a man who told the truth in every place in every environment.

Now, the most important truth Charlie told is this, that long ago a man, begotten not made, came down from heaven and by the Holy Spirit was incarnate of the Virgin Mary and became man. For our sake, he was crucified under Pontius Pilate and suffered death and was buried and rose again on the third day.

Charlie believed, as I do, that all the truth he told flowed from that fundamental principle. I really do believe that we can come together in this country. I believe we must, but unity, real unity can be found only after climbing the mountain of truth and there are difficult truths we must confront in our country.

One truth is that 24 percent of self-described, quote, very liberals, believe it is acceptable to be happy about the death of a political opponent, while only three percent of self-described very conservatives agree. Three percent is too many, of course. Another truth is that 26 percent of young liberals believe political violence is sometimes justified and only seven percent of young conservatives say the same.

Again, too high a number. In a country of 330 million people, you can of course find one person of a given political persuasion justifying this or that or almost anything, but the data is clear. People on the left are much likelier to defend and celebrate political violence. This is not a both sides problem.

If both sides have a problem, one side has a much bigger and malignant problem and that is the truth we must be told. That problem has terrible consequences. The leader of our party, Donald J. Trump, escaped an assassin's bullet by less than an inch. Our House Majority Leader, Steven Scalise, came within seconds of death by an assassin himself.

And now, the most influential conservative activist in generations, our friend Charlie, has been murdered. This violence, it doesn't come from nowhere. Now, any political movement, violent or not violent, is a collection of forces. It's like a pyramid that stacks on top one support on top of the other. That pyramid has got a foundation of donors, of activists, of journalists, now of social media influencers and of course, of politicians.

Not every member of that pyramid would commit a murder. In fact, over 99 percent, I'm sure, would not. But by celebrating that murder apologizing for it and emphasizing not Charlie's innocence, but the fact that he said things some didn't like, even to the point of lying about what he actually said, many of these people are creating an environment where things like this are inevitably going to happen.

A couple of months ago, I headlined a fundraiser in Southern California and since, you know, we'd be out there anyways, my wife and I decided to take our kids to Disneyland one weekend. We had fun. And to be clear, most of the guests said very nice things, or they just left us alone. But there was a loud and very vocal minority that would shout at my children who were eight, five and three, whenever they got the opportunity.

You should disown your dad, you little shit, one middle aged woman yelled at my five-year-old. Tell the Secret Service to protect the Constitution, not your father, screamed another. Are these women violent? Probably not. Are they deranged, certainly. And while our side of the aisle certainly has its crazies, it is a statistical fact that most of the lunatics in American politics today are proud members of the far left.

After Charlie died, one of his friends and one of our senior White House staffers had left-leaning operatives in his neighborhood, passing out leaflets telling people what he looked like and where he lived, encouraging neighbors to harass him or God forbid, to do worse. While he was mourning his dead friend, he and his wife had to worry about the political terrorists drawing a big target on the home he shares with his young children.

Are these people violent? I hope not. But are they guilty of encouraging violence, you damn well better believe it. We can thank God that most Democrats don't share these attitudes, and I do, while acknowledging that something has gone very wrong with a lunatic fringe, a minority, but a growing and powerful minority on the far left.

There is no unity with people who scream at children over their parents' politics. There is no unity with someone who lies about what Charlie Kirk said in order to excuse his murder. There is no unity with someone who harasses an innocent family the day after the father of that family lost a dear friend.

There is no unity with the people who celebrate Charlie Kirk's assassination, and there is no unity with the people who fund these articles, who pay the salaries of these terrorist sympathizers, who argue that Charlie Kirk, a loving husband and father, deserved a shot to the neck because he spoke words with which they disagree.

Did you know that the George Soros Open Society Foundation and the Ford Foundation, the groups who funded that disgusting article justifying Charlie's death, do you know they benefit from generous tax treatment? They are literally subsidized by you and me, the American taxpayer, and how do they reward us, by setting fire to the house built by the American family over 250 years.

I am desperate for our country to be united in condemnation of the actions and the ideas that killed my friend. I want it so badly that I will tell you a difficult truth. We can only have it with people who acknowledge that political violence is unacceptable and when we work to dismantle the institutions that promote violence and terrorism in our own country.

Now our government, you heard me talk to Stephen Miller about this, will be working very hard to do exactly that in the months to come.

We're not always going to get it right. We will sometimes move more slowly than you would like. We will sometimes move more slowly than I want us to, but I promise you that we will explore every option to bring real unity to our country and stop those who would kill their fellow Americans because they don't like what they say.

But you have a role too. Civil society, Charlie, understood this well is not just something that flows from the government. It flows from each and every one of us. It flows from all of us. So when you see someone celebrating Charlie's murder, call them out, and hell, call their employer. We don't believe in political violence, but we do believe in civility.

And there is no civility in the celebration of political assassination. Get involved, get involved, get involved. It's the best way to honor Charlie's legacy. Start a chapter of TPUSA or get involved in the one that already exists. If you're older, volunteer for your local party, write an op-ed in your local paper.

Run for office. I can't promise you this is going to be easy. I can't promise you that all of us will avoid Charlie's fate. I can't promise you that I will avoid Charlie's fate, but the best way to honor him is to shine the light of truth like a torch in the very darkest places. Go do it. We owe it to our friend to ensure that his killer is not just prosecuted, but punished.

And the worst punishment is not the death penalty, but the knowledge that Charlie's mission continues after he's gone. Saint Paul tells us in the book of Ephesians, to put on the full armor of God. Let all of us put on that armor and commit ourselves to that cause for which Charlie gave his life, to rebuild a United States of America and to do it by telling the truth.