Well, good morning, everybody. How are we doing? I want to give a special welcome to Senator Rubio's family, especially his four beautiful kids and his wife. Thank you, guys, for being here. It's a great occasion. I will say that it's pretty hard to top being sworn in as Vice President and then the Buckeyes win the national championship the very same day.

But this is a hell of a start to a run because Marco is one of my favorite people in Washington. And, you know, he's -- he's -- he's a son of Cuban immigrants to this country. He grew up in very humble beginnings, but he has an incredibly deep love of our nation. He is a bipartisan solutions seeker, a guy who can actually get things done, but a conservative of great principle and great vision.

And I think more than almost anybody that I've met in Washington the last few years, Senator Rubio, I think, understands the distinctive priorities of President Trump and why it represents such a significant and frankly important and needed departure from a generation of failed foreign policy. Senator Rubio will be the chief diplomat of the United States of America, but he will remain a friend.

I'm proud to know him, and I'm proud to do this. So, Senator Rubio, thank you. Um, I also, of course, want to thank President Trump for nominating Senator Rubio and giving me a first easy swearing in. This the first time I've ever sworn in an official in the United States government, and I want to thank Senator Jim Risch and his family for making this easy.

You guys got this done and got it done very quickly, 99 to 0, right? I think even I wouldn't have got close to 99 to 0. So, Senator Rubio, it's a great testament to your -- your career of service, and this is a new chapter, man. But I think you're going to do great. So, great. So, I think that we're going to administer the oath.

And then, Senator, you'll say a few words, is that right? Let's do it. OK. So, please raise your right hand. Repeat after me. I, Marco Rubio,

Do solemnly swear.

That I will support and defend.

The Constitution of the United States.

Against all enemies.

Foreign and domestic.

That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

That I take this obligation freely.

Without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion.

And that I will well and faithfully discharge.

The duties of the office of which I am about to enter.

So help you God.

Congratulations Mr. Secretary.

Bye, y'all. Thank you. We'll talk more soon. Bye, guys.