Great. Everybody please be seated. Um, so, we're going to do a little swearing in here to make this official. And I thought -- so, sometimes when you do these swearings in, you actually do them formally beforehand and then you actually do the one on camera just in case you screw something up in front of the cameras, it still counts.

We have not done that with Dan. So, number one, that puts him under a lot of pressure. He actually has to say the words correctly. And number two, that gives me an opportunity -- Dan, this is the last minute here. Anything, uh, you know, anything you can promise me to ensure that we swear you in properly because the Senate's done its job, and now it's time for me to do mine.

But let me just say a couple of words here. First of all, of course, I want to thank the president for nominating a very, very great Army veteran, a family servant, a guy whose grandfather, father, and now himself has served in the United States Army to be our Secretary of the Army. If you look at our recruiting numbers just in the last month, you see a massive increase in the number of people who have decided to volunteer, enlist, and sign up for the United States Army because I think that under the Trump administration, under Secretary Hegseth, and now under Secretary Driscoll, we have people proud to join the United States military again.

Thank God for that because we need good people in our armed forces. We need great people in the United States Army. We have a lot of great people. But of course, the future really matters, and I'm proud that, under President Trump's leadership, we have turned what was a recruiting shortfall into I think a recruiting boom because people are proud to serve the United States military as they should be. I want to say something about Dan and his wonderful family.

So, Dan has been a dear friend of mine for a long time, his beautiful wife, Cassie, who's also an incredible physician and -- and two beautiful kids who are the -- I think the most well-behaved kids I've ever seen of a secretary nominee. You guys do a really good job. You actually listen to your parents, which is amazing.

And I think it speaks well. If Dan can get -- well, how do you -- Daniel, you’re eight? OK. Lila, how old are you?

You're six. If you can get an eight and a six year old to listen to you, then I think you can sure as hell be the Secretary of the Army because these guys are a lot tougher than a lot of the soldiers that Dan will now lead.

But we're proud of him. He's a man of integrity. He's a man of character. He's a man of great leadership. And I think that he will bring the army to a place where we can be proud of it, where we can have meritorious service rewarded and commended in the United States Army, and where we make sure that we're promoting the best and brightest.

We're enlisting the best and brightest. And when, God forbid, we have to send the best and brightest to America's wars, we do it with competence, with effectiveness. We do the job, and then we bring everybody home safely. That is what we need to do in the United States Army. I want to thank Senator Budd, Senator -- uh, we have a lot of Senators here.

Senator Britt, Senator McCormick, and of course Senator Ernst for their great leadership and helping shepherd Dan's confirmation through.

We've had some tough conversations. We've had some easier conversations, and Dan has been on the easier side. And I think that is great testament both to his character and leadership but also to the United States Senate and what they're able to do. So, with that, I will turn our secretary designate into a secretary by administering the oath of office.

So, Dan, if you would please raise your right hand and repeat after me. I, Daniel Driscoll, do solemnly swear.

That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

That I take this obligation freely.

Without any mental reservation.

Or purpose of evasion.

And that I will well and faithfully.

Discharge the duties of the office on which I am I'm about to enter.

So help you, God.

Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.

Great.