Video ID: 0NqvrgvIdRo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NqvrgvIdRo
Title: JUST IN: Kash Patel says FBI had 'PROBABLE CAUSE' for Georgia election probe
Channel: Fox News
Duration: 10m
Published: 3 days ago
Date: 20260131
================================================================================

I pray for his wife Erica, children, the whole family. God bless you, Charlie Kirk. I've asked uh Director Patel for an update today on this matter. As we proceed with the hearing, Dr. Patel, Director Patel, I'd like to note that you've agreed to one 10-minute round of questioning. That's more time than your predecessor agreed to. When Director Ray appeared before this committee, he left early to go on a family vacation, and he wanted me to think it was business he had to conduct. Since your confirmation, you've been acquainted with the bureaucracy that you must reform and hold accountable. And that's no simple task. You begun the important work of returning the FBI to its law enforcement mission. According to the FBI, since January 20th of this year, the FBI has been involved in arrest of more than 23,000 violent criminals. This year, the FBI assisted in the arrest of more than 1,500 child predators and 300 human traffickers. And this year, the FBI helped rescue more than 4,000 children from predators. FBI teams nationwide are working alongside immigration and custom enforcement. This teamwork has resulted in the arrest and removal of a historic number of violent criminal aliens, gang members, and child sex offenders. Those are overwhelming better records than at least two of your past predecessors. During the Ray era at the FBI, the bureau reallocated resources from child crimes to January six work. Director Patel, you've also moved agents from headquarters to field offices to better assign uh align with their law enforcement mission. Under your leadership, the FBI has apprehended several most wanted fugitives and secured the extradition of senior leaders of the Central American gangs like MS13. Now, well, it's well understood that your predecessor left you an FBI infected with politics. I'm going to provide examples of that today, including making public new whistleblower records. At your nomination hearing, I made public records that whistleblowers provided me about Arctic Frost. Arctic Frost was the FBI case opened and approved by anti-Truff Trump FBI agent Tibo. Artic Frost then became Jack Smith's elector case against then Citizen Trump and now President Trump. These new records show that Arctic Frost was much broader than just an electoral matter. The case was expanded to Republican organizations. Some examples of the group that Ry FBI sought to place under political investigation included the Republican National Committee, Republican Attorney General's Association, and various Trump political groups. In total, 92 Republican targets, including Republican groups and Republican linked individuals, were placed under investigative scope of Arctic Frost. On that political list was one of Charlie Kirk's groups, Turning Point USA. In other words, Arctic Frost wasn't just a case to politically investigate Trump. It was the vehicle by which partisan FBI agents and Department of Justice prosecutors could achieve their partisan ends and improperly investigate the entire Republican political apparatus. So today, Senator Johnson and I are making these records public for the entire country to see and I hope a lot of people are interested in seeing what government can do when various agencies have a political agenda. My investigative work has also exposed the political way in which Peter Navaro was investigated and prosecuted. When FBI agent Thibo found out that Biden's DOJ would prosecute Navaro, he said, "Wow, great." That's a quote unquote. Through whistleblowers, I've obtained a audio recording of Special Agent Gia Gardina and Special Agent Sebastian Gardner's delivery of a subpoena to Navaro. I'm making that audio public today. In a court document filed by the Department of Justice, Navaro's interaction with the FBI was unfairly described as quote unquote the word combative. That intervention with Navaro was just as the justification to later aggressively arrest him. Then we get to the Clinton annex and the Durham annex. The Clinton annex showed that the Comey FBI had evidence necessary to complete the Clinton investigation. The one about her mishandling of emails and classified information, but the FBI never did its job because it never reviewed the evidence at that time. The Durban annex showed that the Clinton campaign had a plan to falsely tie Trump to Russia. Yet the Comey FBI failed to investigate that information. Instead, the Comey FBI used the discredited Clinton campaignf funded steel dossier to advance Crossfire Hurricane against Trump. Director Patel, thanks in a large part to you. Both annexes were finally declassified. That may be history, but it's history to make sure we don't repeat the history of the past. And the people ought to be concerned when the weaponization of government is used in this way, whether it's done by Republicans or Democrats. Last Cong campaign, last Congress, I made public an FBI document called 1023 form that alleged a bribery scheme with the Biden family. To date, the FBI has never answered Congress whether they investigated the text messages, the audio files, and the financial records referenced in that 1023. whistleblowers have provided my office with two additional FBI 1023 documents. These documents memorialize statements from FBI sources. These two new 1023 documents are from separate FBI confidential human sources during different years. So in total, we now have three different FBI confidential human sources providing information about the Biden family and potential criminal conduct. Today, Senator Johnson and I are releasing these records. Let me say this for the partisan media, the people that are supposed to be policemen of our Republican form of government. We aren't saying the allegations are true. We want to know what the FBI did to fully investigate their veracity or lack thereof and what they concluded. Let's put this matter to rest one way or the other. Starting with my chairmanship, I've given one example after another of disgraceful partisan weaponization by federal law enforcement. Since the Trump administration took power, many FBI agents have been removed. The removal included agents and prosecutors who became partisan weapons that lost their way. And I've made records public to prove it. And many of my whistleblowers were aggressively retaliated against by some FBI agents who were subsequently fired. One FBI whistleblower publicly said of these terminations, quote, "Ensuring that they no longer work at the FBI isn't retribution, it's responsible leadership." End of quote. Which brings me to my final and favorite topic, whistleblowers. In August, 10 of my whistle 10 of my FBI whistleblowers secured compensation agreement because of your leadership, Director Patel. It included a mix of reinstatement of the to the FBI, reinstatement of security clearances, and monetary compensation. At the beginning of this month, another of my FBI whistleblowers got their job back. All told, across government agencies, almost 20 whistleblowers have received fixes to their retaliation. Today you'll get a lot of grief from some members of this committee, but in in the short amount of time you've been director, you've corrected whistleblower retaliation, increased transparency more than any other FBI director I've seen, whether that FBI director was appointed by Republicans or Democrats. And I've been around here more than anybody else on this committee. I yield to Senator Dur. >> Thanks, Chairman Grassley, for holding this oversight hearing during a critical period in the history of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. During my four years as chair, I held four hearings within FBI Director Ray. As a reminder to Republicans who claimed the Biden administration weaponized the FBI, President Biden retained Director Ray, a lifelong Republican who was President Trump's nominee for the office. After his second election in an unprecedented move, President Trump forced out Director Ray and nominated Cash Patel, arguably the most partisan FBI director ever. Director Patel came to the FBI with a political mission and he spelled it out in writing in detail. He wrote, "Government gangsters, quote, "The rot at the core of the FBI is not just scandalous, it's an existential threat to our Republican form of government." End quote. And with the power of his office and the blessings of the president, he attacked the FBI with a vengeance. Mr. Patel had falsely claimed the FBI quote was planning January 6 for a year end quote. He even went so far as to produce a song by the January 6 riers who violently assaulted police officers in the Capitol. He compiled an enemies list of public servants he called government gangsters like former FBI director Müller whom Mattel called quote an utter swamp creature. Former Trump officials who served with Mr. Patel warned us he would weaponize the FBI to protect the president's allies and target his critics. And indeed, Director Patel has already inflicted untold damage on the FBI, putting our national security and public safety at risk. Since January 20th, the Trump administration has engaged in an unprecedented purge of FBI officials. As we heard from highly credible whistleblowers, Mr. Patel was involved in directing this purge even before he was confirmed, despite his sworn testimony to this committee. It began with terminations and forced retirements of all six nonpartisan career officials who run all six branches of the FBI, the executive assistant directors. Since then, at least 18 of the 53 special agents in charge of FBI field offices have been removed along with many other senior officials. Individ individual agents have been targeted for termination simply due to the work that they were assigned such as January 6 investigation. In fact, according to former acting FBI director Brian Driscoll Driscoll in a lawsuit filed last week, Director Patel made this very plain, telling Driscoll personally, quote, that his own job depended on the removal of agents who worked on the cases against the president. End quote. And even though he knew quote the natury nature of summary findings were likely illegal. At the same time, Director Patel has installed MAGA loyalist as political appointees in key career positions, including conspiracy theorist Dan Bonino as FBI de deputy director. The first time in the history of the FBI that this position has not been held by a career FBI agent. Director Patel has also reportedly initiated loyalty test. loyalty test requiring dozens of officials to sit for polygraph exams and answer inappropriate questions about whether they've made negative con comments about him personally. Of course, as is often the case in the Trump administration, the rules apply to thee, but not to me, as we understand it from highly credible sources. Key members of director Patel's senior executive team and others on the seventh floor had disqualifying alerts on their initial polygraph exam. Well, how did they survive? They survived because of personal waiver by either the director or the attorney general to remain employed by the bureau. Get the understand the context here. Political operatives in key positions given the routine FBI polygram exam failed and had to receive waiverss to continue their positions. They were lucky to keep their political appointments. They were. But the 5,000 career civil servants the director is so far forced out of the bureau's ranks were not offered that same courtesy. 5,000. This mass accident has created a disastrous brain drain, particularly in the fields of cyber security, counterterrorism, and counter intelligence. For example, my office has received information indicating that cuts to the bureau's cyber division will cut personnel by half despite the everinccreasing threats posed by adverse foreign actors. The brain drain is exacerbated by Director Patel's misuse of remaining FBI personnel and resources to f focus on other priorities of this administration. According to reports, the 25 largest FBI field offices have been ordered to divert 45% of their agents from their primary missions to work on the mass deportation of immigrants. Just as concerning is Director Patel's plan to hire fewer qualified agents by removing the college degree degree requirement and reducing new agent training at Quanico from 18 weeks to just eight. So we have a brain drain and a significant water ordering down of training. Quite a record. Mr. Patel as recently fired special agents and others have warned fast-tracking inexperienced and improperly trained people into critical national security jeopardizes the bureau's ability to effectively protect America. Director Patel himself had no training or life experience for this position. The result of that incompetence is staggering. For example, after Attorney General Bondi publicly stated in February that the Epstein client list was quote sitting on my desk right now to review, that's what she said on Fox. Director Patel diverted more than a thousand FBI personnel from their critical missions to work on 24-hour shifts reviewing over a 100,000 pages of Epstein related records. These personnel were instructed to flag any records in which President Trump was named, but that review ended in an unsigned memorandum from DOJ and FBI stating simply, "There is no incriminating client list." Close quote. Director Patel still has not responded to my letter from two months ago asking about his role in this coverup. On the day of the horrific shooting of Charlie Kirk at Utah Valley University, Director Patel again sparked mass confusion by incorrectly claiming on social media that the shooter was in custody, which he then had to walk back with another social media post. Mr. Patel was so anxious to take credit for finding Mr. Kirk's assassin that he violated one of the basics of effective law enforcement. at critical stages of an investigation, shut up and let the professionals do their job. Notably, Director Patel recently forced out special agent in charge of Salt Lake City, Miam say, a counterterrorism expert with 20 years experience who would have led this high-profile profile investigation. The men and women who serve at the FBI and the American people deserve a director who has the ability and the character to restore the bureau to its place as the pre-minent law enforcement agency. I want to close on a personal note. I came of age in the 1960s. We experienced a number of horrific assassinations including President John Kennedy, Senator Robert Kennedy, and Dr. Martin Luther King. We are going through a similar period of division and political violence. All of us in public life on both sides of the aisle have a responsibility to bring down the temperature and to work to unite the American people. Let's be clear, Republicans are not Nazis and Democrats are not evil. As Mr. Patel has claimed, Democrats are not responsible for the murder of Charlie Kirk and Republicans were not responsible for the murder of Melissa Hortman. Our political opponents are not our enemies. We are all Americans and we should be working together to keep the American people safe and protect their constitutional rights. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. >> Would you please uh stand so I can swear? Uh do you do you affirm that the testimony you're about to give before this committee will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? So help you God. Uh, please be seated and you can give your statement now. >> Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Durban, and members of the committee. It's an honor to be here with you today as the ninth director of the FBI. I want to provide by providing a briefing into the tragic assassination of Charlie Kirk. It's important that this FBI is transparent as possible without jeopardizing investigations. Charlie Kirk was shot at 12:23 a.m. excuse me, PM on September 10th. I think this timeline is critically important. Less than a day later, the FBI at my direction released the first set of images of the suspect that we captured based on our analysis on the ground. Later that evening, while conducting extensive interviews and cell phone analysis and also flying out evidence response teams and hostage rescue teams and evidence tacticians who were collecting evidence in live time and flying them back to Washington DC in our laboratories for immediate analysis, we were able to extract video from the campus feed and at my direction at 8 p.m. in partnership and promise to working with the public to bring this fugitive to justice. We released a newly uh never be never before seen video of the suspect. We also released new enhanced photos of the suspect. A few hours later, that suspect was in custody pursuant to the interrogation of the suspect's own father, who stated, "When I saw that video that you released, I recognized it was my son, and I confronted him, and he was handed over to lawful law enforcement authorities." That is the FBI working with the public, as I promised, being transparent, and providing critical information along the way in the manhunt for the suspect and suspects involved in Charlie's misassination. We received over 11,000 tips in the first 24 hours alone. We received 16,000 submissions to our digital media enterprise and tip lines. That is a large number of material to go through. I want to thank President Trump and the Attorney General Pam Bondi for their unwavering support and commitment resources to this and all investigations. I also want to especially thank our colleagues in Utah, Governor's Office, DPS, and the sheriff's out there. state and local law enforcement partnership has been a cornerstone since I took over at the FBI and it was no different here and our teams in Salt Lake City, our SACE's out there across the country, our lab techs in Quantico who raced to complete the evidence analysis so the public could have the answers they need. These people worked through the night without sleep for days on end. They are to be commended. They are not to be attacked. And many, many, many more people I don't have time to thank here today. But I do want to thank the American people especially. The mission of the FBI is for them and with them and by with and through them and is that mission and that ethos that I brought to this investigation and so many others. And that's why that suspect is in custody. We cannot do our job without the American public and credible reporting in the media and that's why Tyler Robinson is in custody today about to face charges. The last time I appeared before this committee was in January for my confirmation hearing. I told you then that if I were confirmed, I would provide and do everything I can to provide a safe and secure America. I promise to provide the courageous men and women of the FBI the tools and resources they need to crush violent crime and defend the homeland. I pledge myself to commit to full transparency, oversight, and accountability so we could restore the public's trust in the FBI. That's exactly what I've done. Under this administration, the FBI's arrested more than 23,000 violent criminals. That's more than twice for the same time period from last year alone. 23,000 more than twice from the same time period last year. We've taken over over 6,000 illegal firearms off the streets. That number is an exponential increase. We've identified and located more than 4,700 child victims. More than 4,700 child victims have been found by this FBI. That is a 35% increase from the same time period last year. 1,500 child predators have been arrested. That's a 5% increase from the same time last year. 300 human traffickers have been arrested. That's a 10% increase from the same time last year. Over 350 members of Trend Ara, foreign terrorist organization, have been arrested and we have 42 ongoing cases. That is a 250% increase from the same time last year. Those are just some of the things the FBI is doing differently and better because we are leading the mission to crush violent crime and defend the homeland. We have also arrested four captured four top 10 fugitives from the FBI's top 10 most wanted list. To put that in perspective, that's the same amount I've captured in seven months than my predecessor did during the entirety of the Biden administration. Those are real results and the credit is to the men and women at the FBI. We've been able to achieve these results because the FBI recognizes violent crime doesn't just happen in Washington DC. That's why one of my first decisions as a director was to get the people, the bureau's professional staff out to the field. And we've done that with great speed. And every single one of your districts and states has received a plus up of FBI personnel, agents, and special operators to the tune of almost a thousand. We did that because crime had unexpectedly and un unacceptably exploded um across the country. In fact, one of the stats that the American people should thank the FBI the most for is we are on track to have the lowest murder rate in modern American history. The lowest murder rate by doubledigit percentages. A major factor in the drop of this violent crime is the FBI's flagship operation, Summer Heat. We use this initiative at the direction of the president and the attorney general, surging resources to our major and mid- major cities across America, conducting intelligence-based operations to target the worst of the worst, to target the gangs, to target the transnational organizations, to target the TCOs, and to target the drug trafficking cartels. and we have taken them out city by city. There's a lot of work left to be done, but we're off to a great start. Just ask the citizens of Seattle, Miami, Memphis, Charlotte, Chicago, and so many more places. Specifically, in New Orleans and Nashville alone, there has been an increase in the number of violent crime arrests by an average of 250% for each of those cities. And there has been a drastic reduction in crime across the board in mid- major cities across this country, thanks to the men and women of the FBI. How are we doing that? We are attacking the drug e drug epidemic. We've seized nearly a thousand kilograms of meth and cocaine off the streets of America. We've taken over 1600 1600 kgs of fentinol off the streets. Maybe one of the greatest achievements we have this year. 1,600 kgs of fentinol. That's a 25% increase from the same time last year. To put things in perspective, that's enough fentinol to kill a third of the American populace. 115 million Americans. We're also going after the companies that manufacture these precursors overseas in places like mainland China and and their cutting agents. In fact, this month in Cincinnati, we announced groundbreaking charges aimed at the individuals and businesses responsible for flooding these opioids and their precursors and cutting agents into the streets of America. And for the first time that I can remember, we are charging these businesses and enterprises, not just in America, but in mainland China, and seizing their operational necessity to have money by seizing their cryptocurrency wallets. We're also equally important to protecting the homeland. We know we have a no fail mission. We're committed to keeping our nation safe from terrorism, cyber attacks, and foreign adversaries. Whether stopping threats inspired by foreign terrorist organizations or lonewolf actors or sponsored by hostile nation states. This year we've already made nearly 60 counter intelligence arrest. 60 counter intelligence arrest this year alone is a 30% increase from the same time period last year for the CI work at the FBI. I'm proud when we can share our successes such as when an espionage charge was brought against an active duty US Navy sailor caught spying for the People's Republic of China. But I want the American people to know the FBI is protecting the homeland from foreign adversaries in a way that will never make the news and a lot of the good work that they do will never be able to discuss in this setting. We're working on cyber threats. We're attacking malware infrastructure, going after ransomware attackers, delivering a new partnership with the private public sector engagements we've taken with the companies who are attacked by these foreign adversaries and nation state actors and individual inter enterprise rings from around the world. We are combating Salt Typhoon, Vault Typhoon, Flax Typhoon, and so many other ransomware and cyber threats this nation faces. We're also arresting people such as Tajik National in Brooklyn, who was suspected of sending tens of thousands of dollars to support ISIS. We're going after the new form of what I refer to as modern day terrorism in America, 764 crimes that involve harming our children by going after them online, causing self mutilation, suicide, sexual abuse, and steering them in the wrong direction. Currently, we have 3,500 international terrorism investigations. Specifically, we have in this country 1700 domestic terrorism investigations, a large chunk of which are neilistic violent extremism, NVE. Those who engage in violent acts motivated by a deep hatred of society, whatever that justification they seem is. The FBI has seen a 300% increase in cases opened this year alone versus the same time last year. In the last couple of months, the FBI secured a guilty plea for a man in Tennessee who attacked an energy facility with drones and explosives. We secured the indictment of a violent Sinaloa cartel faction leader in Chicago, a narco terrorism charges. Our folks in San Francisco, excuse me, Sacramento collaborated with domestic and international partners to secure a guilty plea for leader of a transnational terrorist organization who solicited the murder of federal officials. But the bureau's job is not done. I'm committed to this transparency. Mr. Chairman, you alluded to our work with Congress. To date, in the seven months that I've been FBI director, we have produced 33,000 pages to the United States Congress. 33,000 pages. Just to put that in perspective, my predecessor in his seven-year term issued 13,000 pages to Congress. And his predecessor in his four-year term issued 3,000 pages to Congress. I've issued 33,000 pages in seven months. And we're going to keep going. I'm dedicated to restoring the trust that the public has and needs and the integrity at the FBI and it's being done every day by the men and women at the FBI. Now, I know that there's a lot of talk about Epstein, and I'm here to testify that the original sin in the Epstein case was the way it was initially brought by Mr. Aosta back in 2006. The original case involved a very limited search warrant or set of search warrants and didn't take as much investigatory material it should have seized. If I were the FBI director, then it wouldn't have happened. The search warrants were limited to small time periods to include 2002 to 2005 and 1997 to 2001. Mr. Aassa allowed Epstein to enter in 2008 to a plea and nonprosecution agreement, which then the courts issued mandates and protective orders legally prohibiting anyone from ever seeing that material ever again without the permission of the court. The non-prosecution agreements also barred future prosecutions for those involved at that time of those individuals. Still, this administration, at the direction of President Trump, has done more to turn over all the credible information we are legally able to do so, and we will continue to work with Congress to achieve that end. Under the direction of the president, we excuse me, thank you for your support for our mission to working to jointly deliver transparency and congressional oversight to the United States. Lastly, I want to close with the president's initiative here in Washington DC as an example of what we're doing around the country. And I think our next city is Memphis. 21,000 arrests in DC with our federal partners. A huge decrease in violent crime. 60% decrease in gun crimes in Washington DC in the last month. 74% decrease in carjackings in Washington DC in the last month. 53% decrease in homicides in Washington DC in the last month. The drugs are disappearing. People are freely walking around the states and restoring the nation's capital to its glory. That work is through the inter agency process that the FBI is proud to be a part of and the initiative spearheaded by President Trump and the attorney general. And perhaps most notably for investigations in Washington itself, it was the intelligence that the FBI gra gathered through our source network here in DC that helped us identify the suspects in the horrific murder of the DC intern Eric Tarpinian. We're proud to be a part of that investigation. We're proud to put the resources to bear of the FBI. And in closing, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee and ranking member Durban, I'm honored to be the ninth director of the FBI. I'm not going anywhere. If you want to criticize my 16 years of service, please bring it on. Over to you. U I've observed uh when whether it's Republican or Democrats want a yes or no answer that the witness and the senators talking over each other. So, I thought what I'd do this time rather than have that happen if there's something you don't get a chance to answer uh because of the demeanor of a Republican or Democrat senator before we when we get done with that uh questioner, I'd give you a chance to fill in if there's something you didn't didn't get a chance to say. Uh since 2019, I've sought greater transparency about Jeffrey Epstein and the government handling of the matter. I've continued to investigate during this Congress. Director Patel, was Jeffrey Epstein an intelligence asset for the United States government or the foreign government? And if so, which agencies or governments? >> Mr. Mr. Chairman, I can only speak to the FBI as the director of the FBI and Mr. Epstein was not a source for the FBI. >> Uh, would you commit to providing my office with all classified non-classified records relating to the Epstein matter? >> I will commit to providing all le all all records. I'm legally permitted to do so under the court orders. Uh uh it seems to me that uh I accept your answer to my question, but the broader intelligence community ought to answer these questions as well. Uh victims deserve an answer. uh regarding the initial FBI 1023 document that I made public last Congress. That document mentioned one text messages, two audio recordings and three financial records that allegedly proved a bribery scream scheme with the Biden family and foreign interests. Regarding those records, did the Ray FBI make any effort to determine whether they existed? Uh, did the F uh Ray FBI make any effort to obtain those records? >> Not to my knowledge, Mr. Chairman. >> Since this matter hasn't been fully investigated, the FBI has an obligation to the public to do exactly that and figure out why it wasn't investigated. Uh, next question. Uh, I've done a lot of oversight relating to sexual misconduct by the FBI agents. In fact, I believe this is something I discussed with Rey, one of his appearances before this committee. According to the FBI inspection division, it opened nearly 300 investigations based on sexual misconduct referrals between 2017 and 2024. According to whistleblowers, the Biden Ray uh FBI totally dropped the ball on this question. One credible accusation of sexual misconduct is uh too many, of course. Are you committed to reviewing the bureau's policies to ensure responsible responses to credible allegations of misconduct that there are swift and adequately protect victims? >> Yes, Mr. Chairman. Relating to a similar subject, during child uh crimes and sexual misconduct related investigations, are any private sector companies less than cooperative with you? What improvements in information sharing need to be made to catch those criminals? >> Mr. Chairman, we can always do better with their private sector companies. I've reached out to the leaders of most of them asking them to provide more material so that we can be responsive and take legal action and protect the youth of this country. Um I'm happy to discuss, you know, possible legislation that we can do to allow for these companies to continue. >> Yeah. Say maybe one inch up on the microphone. >> Sorry, >> not I think you're close enough, but I think it's just a little bit lower. When you raise your head, it's difficult to hear. Uh, Director Patel, since 2021, I've raised concerns about the Biden administration failure to properly vet Afghan evacuees. Director Gabbard informed my office that as of August 2022, approximately 1,600 evacuees located in the United States had ties to terrorism and other derogatory information. That's why I and many others have opposed bills giving blanket approval. Are you aware of what steps your predecessor took to investigate these evacuees? And what steps have you taken to investigate them? And what if any national security concerns still exist? >> U. Mr. Chairman, I can't speak to the steps my predecessor took, but I will um uh make sure we do a sweeping review and get back to you on that. As part of the Afghan refugees and evacuees, um, as during my tenure, we are going through the databases to make sure that no known or suspected terrorists enter this country to harm our nation. And also is my resolve as FBI director, one of the first acts we undertook was a manhunt of one of the Abigate bombers and leaders in that crime spree that killed 13 brave Americans. And within two weeks, within two weeks, we caught one of the leaders of the Abigate bomber and brought him to justice here in two weeks from Pakistan. And so my commitment to you on Afghanistan in all matters is complete and without border. >> Yeah. Uh through my and other investigations, we found that the Biden administration lost thousands of undocumented children. We never heard a peep from um uh senators wanting to help find them even after I invited them to do so. In September 2025, uh the Trump Health and Human Services announced the creation of an inter agency crime coordinator cell uh to find these and other missing children. that inter agency group report reportedly includes your agency. Uh what resources and personnel have the FBI assigned to this new inter agency effort and what steps have the FBI taken to assist in locating missing children uh that the incompetent Biden administration lost? >> Protecting our youth is maybe the top priority for the FBI. Um, as it specifically relates to your question, Mr. Chairman, as I stated, we've searched resources not just to this cell, but across the nation to our FBI's field office to locate children who have been trafficked, who have been victims of sexual abuse. And we have located 4,700 children in the seven months since I've been FBI director. And that is a 35% increase from the same time period last year. And we're not stopping. And we're committed to doing that work on our tribal lands as well. and we are finding victims of child trafficking and child abuse every county in every district and we're not going to stop. >> Okay. Um, as I mentioned during my opening, I'm releasing documents with Senator Johnson about Arctic Frost. Specifically, the documents show its scope expanded to include 92 Republican organizations. From evidence that I've seen, it looks to me like another political hit job against Republicans. What steps has the FBI taken to make sure improperly predicated investigations and weaponizations like this don't happen again? >> The simple answer, Mr. Chairman, is the FBI will only bring cases that are based in fact and law and have a legal basis to do so. And anyone that does otherwise will not be employed at the FBI. We are doing a prospective and retrospective analyses of individuals who may have weaponized the department and the agency. And as I've committed to you during my confirmation hearing and my conversations with you, this FBI will not be weaponized anymore in either side of the aisle. >> In June of this year, I raised concerns about the FBI's use of re restricted access and prohibited access systems. According to the FBI, quote, "When search teams uh when search teams that exist in a prohibited uh access status cases are searched in Sentinel, uh the particular search will receive a false negative sent response." End of quote. Clearly, this is not only uh affects FBI agents. It impacts congressional requests and court cases, and the Biden administration used it to thwart oversight. How are you ensuring that restricted access and prohibited access files are produced to Congress during court cases? And have you identified any Biden family records in restricted and prohibited status? As I've committed to you with the my transparency initiative, whether it's restrictive or prohibited, every single thing we can legally provide to Congress, we will. We've also restructured how these restrictive and prohibited cases are labeled and provided access to more people in the chain of command so that more people have knowledge of what these restricted and prohibited cases are, including myself and the deputy. >> Uh do you commit to providing any records that that are available? >> I do, sir. Uh the uh you publicly said that your team quote found a room that Comey and others hid from the world in the Hoover building full of documents and computer hard drives. Uh no one had ever seen or heard of. That's a quote from you. I've received a whistleblower disclosure that the room contained some information kept outside the FBI recordkeeping. I also have been informed via a whistleblower disclosure that the room included materials related to special counsel Mueller, former director James Comey, and other documents maintained outside of the FBI. Has the FBI now reviewed and analyzed those records? Has the FBI properly uh recorded the documents and these records are clearly responsive to my as well as my colleagues congressional request. What steps have you taken to ensure all responsive records are produced to Congress? That's has to be my last question. What's supposed to happen is leadership at the FBI is supposed to pursuant to the records act uh correctly store these records that are information management division IMD. In this room we found a plethora of hard drives, computers, hard documents, soft documents that were not so recorded, a voluminous amount of information. So we are continuously processing that information. So, a we subscribe to the records act and commit that those records will be kept permanently at the FBI. Two, we are reviewing those materials. A lot of those materials are related to ongoing investigations. And three, we are on a rolling basis providing Congress the documents that we can and we will continue to do so. >> Okay. Thank you very much, Senator Durban. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Uh, Director Patel, in addition to the extensive purge of nonpartisan career FBI official reports, reports indicate that dozens of remaining officials have been suggested have been subjected to polygraph exams to test their loyalty. My understanding is approximately 40 officials have been asked to sit for a polygraph during your administration and several have been asked whether they have ever made negative comments about you. Director Patel, FBI agents pledge their loyalty to the Constitution in the United States, not you personally. What is the basis for requiring polygraph exams or your workforce and asking them if they've made ne negative comments about you? >> I don't know what reports you're referring to, ranking member, and I reject any reporting that has false information in it. So, I'm not going to respond to that. As far as polygraphs go, generally they are always and always have been utilized at the FBI to track down those that leak sensitive information and have unauthorized disclosures to the media. And we will continue to use them to ensure the integrity of the FBI. >> Did any individual on your senior executive team, the director's advisory team, or who serve in the positions on the seventh floor receive disqualifying alerts on their polygraphs? >> Senator, I'm not going to get into the personnel discussions that were had on a polygraph. Those are private discussions and many of them relate to ongoing investigations. >> Did you or Attorney General Bondi provide any individual with a waiver so they can remain employed after they receive disqualifying alerts on their polygraphs? >> I'll have to get back to you. >> You don't remember that? >> No sir. My priority is protecting the American public, not getting into the weeds of polygraphs >> and to have a decent memory when you come before a committee. I'm happy to talk about all the good work the men and women of the FBI are doing, including provided the lowest crime rate in American history. If you want to talk about how to protect the citizens of Chicago has seen a 30% reduction in its murder rate because of the men and women of the FBI, you take credit for that. I'll happily do that. The inter agency partners and the men and women of the Chicago PD have never been more power. >> Local law enforcement, please. >> Have you ever seen my testimony across this country where I always lead with our inter agency partnerships with state and local law enforcement? It is the pillar of what I am doing. And on the seventh floor, for the first time in FBI history, I have installed police officers and sheriffs right on my seventh floor to report to us every day what's going around the country on the street level because that is a priority of the FBI and is the only way we are going to work. I don't take credit for the anything, but I will defend the men and women of the FBI and the cops that help us get it done. You should. Director Patel, to your knowledge, did a whistleblower ever make a disclosure to Attorney General Bondi indicating that the New York field office was withholding EP Epstein related records? >> I'm not familiar with that whistleblower. >> There there you know that there was such a whistleblower. >> I'm not familiar with that whistleblower. In response to the blowback she received, Attorney General Bondi also pushed the FBI to review approximately 100,000 Epstein related records on an arbitrarily short deadline in March. And the FBI was directed to flag any documents that mentioned President Trump. Nothing came of that review until July when DOJ and FBI released an unsigned memorandum stating there is no incriminating client list. Why was this July 7th memorandum unsigned? >> Would you prefer I've used autopen? >> Did Why was it unsigned? >> The memorandum had the insignia of the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation and in our effort to secure transparency for the American people because the three prior administrations had not done so. We conducted an exhaustive search of everything related to the Epstein cases and we produced what was legally and permissibly able to be produced to Congress and the American public. There's a congressional subpoena and we're continuing to do so. >> Did you personally direct that investigation so that you would sign such a >> Did I personally direct what investigation >> of the Epstein records for any reference to President Trump? >> Again, you are citing reporting that I think is baseless. We conducted an investigation of the Epstein case files pursuant to the direction of the president of the administration to provide all credible information and we are working with Congress pursuant to a congressional subpoena to turn over all the documents we can all individuals >> who at DOJ and FBI were was responsible for its drafting and conclusions. >> Many individuals at the Department of Justice and the FBI are responsible. >> There was no lead no lead person. >> The attorney general leads the Department of Justice and I lead the FBI. So the attorney general is responsible for that. >> The attorney general leads the department of justice. >> Director Patel, much like you, D deputy director Dian Bonino was a conspiracy theorist who built a lucrative career making inflammatory and unsubsstantiated statements about the FBI that would be disqualifying in any administration that cared about nonpartisan law enforcement. For instance, Mr. Bonjino called the placement of pipe bombs outside the DNC and RNC headquarters on January 6 quote an inside job and went on to say this was a setup. I have zero doubt and whoever goes into the FBI, you better get an answer about why. Director Patel, you and Deputy Director Banino are now leading the FBI. What is the evidence to suggest the pipe bombs placed outside of the DNC and RNC on January 6 were an inside job? I appreciate the opportunity to discuss director Bonjino's mind record. So many on this committee in the media jettison our 31 years of public service priest sir. >> I'm answering the question. You're you're questioning the integrity of the deputy director of the FBI and mine and I'm going to answer the question. The pipe bomb investigation is ongoing and I'm not going to discuss the details of the pipe bomb investigation. Mr. Bonino was a secret service agent for 15 years, a police officer for five. I served this country in multiple administrations for 16 years. We were also private citizens and we are now back in government service. And what we have the ability to do is set aside our personal beliefs to deliver the mission of justice for this country. And we're doing it day in and day out. And I find it disgusting that everyone and anyone would jettison our 31 years of combined experience that is now at the helm of the FBI delivering historic results at historic speeds for the American people. >> So you have no evidence? I got a lot of evidence and I'll give it to you when I can. >> Yeah, looking forward to it. Uh there's a New York Times story this morning about Chris Meyer. As I understand it, he was your personal pilot at least for some period of time. Mr. Meyer has quite a record himself. Flew over 350 hours as an Air Force pilot on three aircraft types in Afghanistan. Mr. Jordina, another former FBI agent, a 1999 graduate of US Naval Academy, commanded 100 Marines in combat during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, participated in several firefights, followed up with 2011 deployment as reserveist to Afghanistan where he interrogated senior Taliban officials. It appears that you terminated these two agents. Why? >> I'm not going to get into personnel decisions that we made. So, you're not accountable for your decisions to take people who served our country so admirably and terminate them without any cause? >> That's a one-sided story. Anyone that has been terminated from FBI generally tell your side of the story. >> Fail to meet the needs of the FBI and uphold their constitutional duties and you providing a one-sided story from your purge is absolutely disgraceful because the men and women of the FBI deserve better. And your attack on the current leadership of the men and women of the FBI is equally disgraceful because now you're attacking the leaders that are our brave SACE and the people who are doing the job that this country needs and we will continue to do it. >> Excuse me. It's disgraceful when Mr. Meyer and Mr. Jordina who served our country so well are terminated apparently because of the rants of a broadcaster. >> That is your opinion. It is not a fact. >> Well, it's certainly by opinion. I can back up with fact. Let me ask you to explain the situation in Baltimore, if you will. >> Did you read the story about the termination of the project in Baltimore? >> Which? >> 764 group. >> Sorry, which story? >> 764 group. The Baltimore agents were investigating. >> Are you familiar with that? >> No, sir. >> Well, I'm not I'm not going to go into detail. It take too long to do it. But apparently that this group 764, a neolistic violent extremist group, seeks to blackmail children to perform vile acts on a camera under investigation by Baltimore, which was terminated by you. I'd like you to respond in writing, if you will, as to the circumstances of that termination. >> Sure. our our our operations against NVEs as you're referring to has been historically high and we've taken down multiple NVE rings including 764 rings who are harming children and causing them to be mutilated. And >> last question, can you explain why you are eliminating the uh requirements for college degree for your agents? >> I appreciate the opportunity to address that. Um you said in your opening statement, we are reducing the training requirements at Quantico. We are not. We are expanding them. You're referring to an 1811 crossover program because I believe the men and women of places like the DEA, the ATF, and the Marshall Service, and the Secret Service who want to work at the FBI should deserve that opportunity in a short bridged program, which we provided. We are also keeping the 18 18week BFTC as it's traditionally been held at the FBI. So, we're not reducing any requirements. We are increasing those that we bring into the FBI. >> Did you change any of the requirements on college degrees? Uh we are allowing police officers who have served for a number of years to come into the FBI who did not obtain the requisite college degree to apply to be federal agents because we feel they have the street level experience we need to conduct this mission. >> I yield. Mr. Chairman, >> I have to respond to this business about you not treating uh employees properly because I've uh served under the previous administration when de uh Democrats willingly turned a blind eye to Biden administration retaliation against my whistleblowers. Uh they didn't get due process when their careers and lives were upended. I'm talking about people like Dena Perkins, Jeffrey Beltry, Timothy Dunnan were removed from their positions. Several whistleblowers were reported that they targeted FBI employees for their political beliefs by suspending and revoking security clearances. One FBI whistleblower said that Perkins, Veterary Dunan, and other FBI leaderships were quote responsible for what happened to me and my family, ensuring that they no longer work at the FBI isn't retribution, it's responsible leadership. Another whistleblower that is a registered Democrat said they spoke out against abuses and security clearances processes committed by FBI senior leaders particularly Veltry and Perkins then Veltry then Perkins and Dunan suspended their security clearances and put them in unpaid leave. I'm going to put some more examples like this in the record so I don't take up a lot of time for my colleagues. Uh, Senator Graham. >> Thanks, Senator Graham. Welcome uh to the committee. The numbers sort of speak for themselves. You've done a lot in a small period of time. So, all those folks out there making this happen, thank them for me. Um, uh, as to u how to be an FBI agent. You made a decision that u local law enforcement folks, people who've served in law enforcement without a college degree are able to apply now. Is that correct? >> Yes, sir. >> Makes sense to me. So experience out in the field might be as valuable as a college degree, believe it or not. Um, Venezuela, we're blowing boats out of the water in the Caribbean uh because they're connected to uh international narrrorist groups. Is that correct? >> Yes, that mission is being led by the Department of Defense, sir. >> Okay. What legal authority do we have to do that? Sir, I would defer the questions on legal authority to the attorney general and the department. >> Fair enough. Do you believe that uh Maduro runs a naroterrorism state in Venezuela based on >> I believe based on the intelligence and prosecutions and investigations we are currently running, a large portion of the cocaine that exits out of South America, its origination point is in Venezuela. and using trans shshipment points through Haiti. They're using the navigable waterways in the Caribbean to the endstate delivery which is the United States of America and we will hunt down every single one of those narot traffickers with the authority. >> There's some actual indictments of Madur as an individual for being involved in that. Is that correct? >> Uh Senator, I think you're referring to the DEA indictment on that one. >> Right. So, I guess the point is, would it be fair to say that Venezuela is a good candidate to be labeled as a state sponsor of terrorism under US law? >> Senator, from from my perch, um, we will provide the intelligence necessary for anyone who meets the threshold to be a state sponsor of terrorism and this administration. >> I think they are. So, we'll be going down that road. China, on a scale of 1 to 10, one being nothing, 10 being great. Um, how is China helping with the fentanyl problem here in the United States? >> Under this administration, we have taken, as I highlighted the Cincinnati case, um, the precursors >> are the problem. The fentinol is the end state that kills American citizens. >> The precursors are made in China, right? >> They're made in China. And so for the first time in a decade, I had a call with my counterpart in the MPS, the Ministry of Public Services to attack the precursor chemical companies and have those labels have those chemicals lab. >> Too early to rate the success. >> We have indicted multiple businesses in China. We've also cut off the transip transipment points of those precursors. They switched once we got on their track about their delivery routes to the Mexican drug cartels directly. They started going to India. We call the Indian authorities and they shut down those trans shshipment points. So we're continuing to work with our partners. >> China is helping. Would you say >> they are starting to help um and we are hoping under this administration's leadership we can get more. >> Let me know you know in the coming months if that continues because if they are helping that's a good thing. Yes sir. We need to celebrate the breakthrough. If they're not that would be a bad thing. Uh so after the assassination of Charlie Kirk, there seems to be one refrain from everybody and that's about the effect of social media. Do you believe that social media is one of the instruments radicalizing America and inciting violence? >> Well, it's not my belief is based on the data and the data shows that social media is wildly out of control when it comes to radicalizing. >> You're dead right. So what did he just say? This guy's FBI director. He says that social media is wildly out of control. Now, free speech, we all agree with that. But you can't yell fire in the theater, right? >> Yes, sir. >> Free speech doesn't allow you to go online and groom a child for sexual. >> No, it does not. >> Okay. Free speech doesn't allow you to go on the internet and basically incite somebody to kill another person, right? >> Absolutely not. >> So, if it's illegal offline, it should be illegal online. Agreed. Whatever the law is. >> Yes, sir. >> Just because you're online doesn't give you a get out of jail free card. >> No sir. >> So if a parent is worried about a child being bullied on a website, what rights do they have under US law? >> We have to balance the rights, as you said, senator, of free speech versus those that encroach. >> Is there any law that can shut down one of these sites for bullying children or allowing sexual predators on the site? We are able to attack certain sites on the dark web. When it comes to the open internet infrastructure system, we have to reach a threshold to attack a company's position that only subscribes to violence. >> Can can the parents sue that company? >> They can >> they can >> they can sue not the social media companies. >> That's what I'm talking about. >> They can sue the companies. >> I'm talking about the social media company that gives lives to this behavior. >> No, you're referring to section 230, sir. >> Yeah. Would you advocate um a sunsetting of section 230 to bring more liability to the companies who send this stuff out? >> I've advocated that for that for years. >> All right, we need to do this, folks. These companies are taking content that it makes you sick, that could get you killed, get you poisoned, and there's nothing we can do about it under our law. a person can do about it because section 230. So if your child is being sexually groomed online or bullied online and you go to the social media company and ask them to take it down, they refuse. You have like zero rights. How many images of sexually exploited children are purveyed every year on social media sites? >> The number is astronomical. And Senator, if I can just add one step to that analysis, please. >> It's not just what's on social media that is quote unquote real. >> It's the introduction of artificial intelligence and generative AI that is creating even more child sexually abuse material and even more uh sexually uh violent acts online and mimicking people. >> Would you say that the way social media is structured today really no accountability? 36 million images in 2023 of sexually exploited children that this is a public health hazard. >> It is. >> Would you say that it's a mental health problem particularly for younger people? >> It absolutely is. >> Do you agree that some of these sites are designed to be addictive? I think not only are some of these sites designed to be addictive, unfortunately the reality is some of these sites are designed to generate income and many people are generating income based on this illegal trade. >> Do you think it's now time for America to deal with this problem? >> I'm all in. I have been all in and I'm happy to work with Congress to do so. Well, I tell you what, having the FBI director all in is great news uh for me and I hope the committee will respond and that will be all in trying to fix a problem that I think is doing a lot of damage u to our country. Uh when it comes to John Bolton, was there new evidence involved in the raid on his home? >> Uh sir, that investigation is very much ongoing as you know there was a raid of his house pursuant to illegal. >> Was there a warrant obtained to go in? Absolutely, sir. >> Okay. All right. Um, >> we're looking to have that search warrant um unsealed um at the >> I think that would be good. Quite frankly, um in December 2023, Director Ray said he sees blinking lights everywhere regarding to foreign terrorist threats against our homeland. How would you characterize the state of threats to our homeland by foreign terrorist groups? Foreign terrorist organizations have adapted and started utilizing online platforms and so is the FBI. And so while they are adapting expanding how they harm our country, we have as well. They have not stopped. There's been a resurgence in places like West Africa and elsewhere of foreign terrorist organizations and also the newly emboldened drug trafficking organizations in Mexico. It's going to take a whole of government approach to uh to get >> Does Hezbollah fall within that group? >> Yes sir. So Hezbollah is involved in not only terrorism but naroterrorism. >> Yes, sir. >> So do you see consider Hezbollah a threat to the United States? >> Absolutely. >> All right. Finally, um do you have enough people? >> Sorry. >> Do all this. Do you need more people? You're involved in a lot of things and the numbers speak for themselves. You have FBI agents helping here in Washington DC. You have FBI agents helping and illegal immigration. That's good. You got a chance here to tell us if you need more people. Seems to me the threat level to this country is pretty high right now. You got thousands of uh domestic terrorism cases. How many are being investigated? I >> I think 3,500 off the top of my head. >> 3500. Okay. Anyway, it seems your plate's pretty full. I would urge you to get with your people and if you think you need more people, now's the time to do it. It would be a shame to miss an opportunity to plus up the FBI if the threats justified it. Will you look? >> I will look, sir. >> Okay. But are you comfortable you have enough people right now? Right now, I'm comfortable with the reallocation of agents and personnel outside of Washington DC and plusing up states like South Carolina and double digit numbers. And I'll get back with my team on this one. >> Thank you for your service, >> Senator White House. >> Boy, is my timing good. >> It is very good. >> Director Patel, welcome. >> Thank you, sir. Um when you were here for your confirmation, we talked about your uh so-called enemies list. Um it appears to me that there have been adverse actions of various kinds taken against about 20 of the 60 people on your enemies list. You've been in office for seven months. At that rate, you've got 14 months until you've hit all 60. Can you explain that? >> Again, that is an entirely inaccurate presupposition. I do not have an enemy's list. You can continue to characterize it as you wish. The only actions we take, generally speaking, for personnel at the FBI are ones based on merit and qualification and your ability to uphold your constitutional duty. You fall short, you don't work there anymore. >> Well, there was a list. you don't like it to be called an enemy's list and it had about 60 names and about 20 have had an adverse action. So those are I think pretty clear facts. Let me move on to um your grand jury testimony which we also talked about uh when you were here. Um, I think you indicated that you understood that a witness in the grand jury is free to discuss afterwards whatever they told the grand jury. Um, and you then went on to suggest uh saying I can't go into court orders granted by the DC district chief judge and you want me to violate a court order. In those remarks, you fairly plainly suggested that there was a court order of some kind that somehow restricted or limited your ability to discuss your own testimony to that grand jury. Since then, that chief judge that you mentioned, Judge Boseberg, has written, and I'm quoting him here, federal rule of criminal procedure 6E allows witnesses like Patel to divulge the contents of their testimony, meaning that nothing was preventing him from doing so before the committee. Can we confirm here today that there is no court order of any kind that limits your ability as a witness before the grand jury to discuss your own testimony to that grand jury? >> We can confirm that pursuant to my action that that grand jury testimony has been released. the transcript. >> Let's um in what forum was it released? May I ask? >> Publicly. >> Okay, we'll check on that. Um the FBI does background investigations. In the case of um a US attorney Janine Pero, it has come to light that in a civil proceeding um that Fox News executives prior to her confirmation called her, I'm quoting here, a reckless maniac. who makes quote insane comments and said, "I don't trust her to be responsible." And noted her penchant for what they called random conspiracy theories on weird internet sites. My question to you is, did that turn up in her background investigation? For any background investigation, Senator, we do not discuss those publicly. And for every background investigation, when there's an adjudication, it is not made by me. It is made by the career professionals who run the inspection division and background check system. >> Do you know if that information was found? You see, we're an oversight body here. And there are really three possibilities here. One is that the FBI background investigation didn't find that stuff. That's worth noting because these investigations, fullfield background investigations are supposed to find that stuff. That's possibility one. Possibility two is that the FBI did in fact find that information and then did not report it to the administration or to the committee. And the third is that you found it, you reported it to the administration, and they went ahead with her nomination knowing that she had been described as a reckless maniac who made insane comments, who wasn't trusted by colleagues to be responsible, and who had a pension for random conspiracy theories on weird internet sites. Are you saying that this committee does not have any authority or reason to look into which of those things is true? >> This committee can look into anything it wishes. I'm telling you that the background investigations that are done by the HRD division are done by career individuals. They do not report the details of those to me. They adjudicate those independently and individually. That's how it's always been done. What happened to during the pause of back FBI background investigations that was uh alleged in the complaint uh against you and the FBI by the FBI agents who were terminated on February 12th. Amil Boie directed the FBI quote to pause any FBI background investigations of Trump nominees until Patel was confirmed which happened on February 20th is the general description of what they alleged. Why do you know were background investigations paused? Was it so material like this could be scrubbed out of them? and have they been resumed without that pause fully and normally uh after your arrival on February 20th? >> I can speak to the time period since I got there. Background investigations have been ongoing across the board at the FBI. >> Why was the pause? Do you know? >> I was not there. >> Wasn't explained to you when you got there? Oh, by the way, boss, they've had a multi- an eight day pause on background investigations. You think that would be something that would be explained to you at some point? >> Again, I leave it to the men and women at HRD division to run background investigations. I do not interfere with that. >> I get that. But what I don't get is whether you were told about that pause and why would you not be told about that pause. >> I don't recall that, sir. >> All right. The uh allegation also uh relates that um part of the employee review of senior staff was whether or not they voted for Camela Harris in the 2024 election. Since when is who you voted for a proper question for agents to be asked? >> I don't know what allegation you're referring to, Senator. If it's from an ongoing matter in litigation, I can't discuss that. But what I can discuss is I can only speak to the FBI's background investigations. There are other background investigations conducted across the government. I can only speak to five. >> So, just to clarify, I'm not talking about the FBI full field background investigations. I'm talking about internal employee reviews for promotion, for termination, for job actions of various kinds. And my question to you is, is it now the policy of the FBI to ask agents who they voted for? And since when is who agents voted for a proper question for the FBI to ask? >> Taking those in reverse order, it's not a proper question and it's improper to allege that I'm doing that. And also at the FBI specifically under my leadership, we do not ask who you voted for. And just one correction for the record, if I may, Senator, it's security division that runs back our investigations, not HRD. >> Okay, I'll accept that uh correction. And um in the event that we cannot locate your grand jury transcript, >> um just expect a question for the record that will give you the chance to either provide that transcript again if it had been previously provided or to make the statement that grand jury rule 6E allows you to the best of your recollection truthfully about what it is that you told that grand jury. Do you understand that? That's why I wanted the transcript released and we'll get it to you, sir. >> Thank you very much. Thank you, chairman. >> I think I want to take an opportunity when we hear about uh your political weaponization to remind my Democratic colleagues uh that uh what's happened the last decade, federal law enforcement, intelligence community, even when Trump was fed, has thrown everything at him. They've even gone after his associates and Republican party organizations. One investigation after another, one prosecution after another. Uh I I use examples you've heard me already say today, Crossfire, Hurricane, and Arctic Frost. Uh these were all built on defecty uh foundations of political bias. And then we released the Clinton index and the Durham index to uh and the FB FBI's failures to investigate. So, uh uh I've been acquainted with this because I've been trying to get to the bottom of it and we had to get a new FBI director to get all this information. Senator Cornin, Director Patel, welcome. Thank you for uh your willingness to serve in this uh very challenging position. How many people work for the FBI today? >> Approximately 36,500, give or take. >> I've always wondered whether an organization that big and that diffused all across the the nation was actually capable of being managed. Um, have you experienced any surprises in terms of the uh as the director in terms of your management of the uh of the organization? >> In my experience, Senator, the leaders in the field are supposed to lead. So, we have empowered and we have changed the structural operation of the FBI to empower SACE's in the 56 field office 55 56 come one October to lead the mission. We've also empowered the respective assistant directors and operational directors to lead the mission. That is how you manage 36,500 37,000 people. No one or two people can do it. And that's been the transition is the power structure is being pushed out to the field operations. >> What sounds like a very pra practical way to approach it. And um how is morale? >> Morale when I travel around the country um in my experience has never been higher. the FBI and the police officers that we work handinand glove with across this country are excited to do the work. And the stats that I'm citing are no achievement of mine. The stats that I'm citing in the seven months that I've been there, such as a uh 42% increase in cyber arrest alone this year is because the men and women at the FBI have been empowered in the field. They want to do the work. They're getting the opportunity to do the work. and with our great partners in the respective states like Texas um and where we just returned a top 10 most wanted fugitive in Cindy Singh are getting the ability to make those prosecutions a reality. >> By the way, Senator Durban was asking about polygraphs. Aren't polygraphs a standard part of the uh um standard test given to people with security clearances across the intelligence community? they are >> as a condition to maintaining your security clearance. >> I believe they are. >> Speaking of intelligence, um, one of the things that I've wondered about over time is, you know, the FBI is the number is a premier law enforcement agency in the nation, but you also have other important responsibilities in counter intelligence. And uh there's been different debates or u uh people wondering whether including me whether that's an appropriate role for the FBI to play. And I guess the the most challenging part of that is if it's not at the FBI, where would it go? Uh but can you uh given your background? I know as working on the HIPSY um and your intelligence background, can you talk a little bit about u how you what you think about the counter intelligence role of the FBI agents and how how that's working, whether you think it's performing the way it should or whether there are other changes or reforms need to be made in order to improve its its functioning. As you know, uh the threats from our adversary nations are just proliferating uh uh every day. So, what do what do you think? >> The espionage activities of our adversaries have never been so high. And I think the counter intelligence mission is properly housed within the FBI because we've been vested with those authorities for Congress. And I believe that mission set is working. And if I can, sir, since January 20th of this year, the FBI has made 55 arrests on the counter intelligence mission alone. That's a 30% increase in CIRS from the same time year-to date last year. We've arrested 33 uh 33% increase in PRC counter intelligence arrest, an 83% increase in Russia counter intelligence arrests from the same time last year and a 60% increase on Iran counter intelligence arrests from the same time period last year. So we are already on total exceeding the entirety of the number of arrests from the previous year on counter intelligence matters across the board and in my opinion the FBI is the only agency that can do it. Now we work with the inter agency to do it and we need them but we have the mission set. >> Thank you. You know, sometimes uh I wonder whether we sort of repeat the way we do things because we've always done it that way. And I'm I'm I'm getting up to building up to this issue of the narco trafficking and what uh what President Trump has ordered the defense department to do in terms of to take out some of these transnational criminal organizations that are importing poison into the United States and responsible for killing tens of thousands of Americans, maybe hundreds of thousands of Americans over time. Do you think a law enforcement model for dealing with these uh narot traffickers is adequate to deal with the threat? Um or do you think we need to start thinking about this in maybe uh new and different ways? Obviously, we're not engaged in a in a war per se, uh although it is a war metaphorically. Um and the law enforcement model seems to be not working from the standpoint of uh dealing with the the the volume of the threat and the magnitude of the threat. Uh do you think we need to start thinking about how do we deal within constitutional legal parameters to deal with this problem in a different way to be more effective in protecting the American people? >> Absolutely. Absolutely. And the way to analogize this and why I've advocated for the designation and I'm thankful that the Trump administration has designated these cartels and narot traffickers as foreign terrorist organizations is because we must treat them like the foreign terrorist organizations post 911. We must treat them like the al-Qaeda of the world because that's how we're operating. And just treating them with law enforcement capabilities alone was wholly insufficient to wipe out the targets in their entirety. They always had the next man up philosophy. If you take out the leader, they got 10 guys behind it. But in order to eliminate, and that's the key, eliminate the drug trade and eliminate the pouring into this country of narcotics, we have to use our authorities at the Department of War and the intelligence community to go after the threat like we did terrorists when we were manhunting them. And now we have that ability. I mean, we're seeing that in live time, whether it's on the uh the strike on the boat or going down into Mexico and working with our Mexican authorities with these intelligence assets to say, "We've located not just the person in charge, the cadre in charge, but the entire network, and we are now able to dismantle that entire network." It's going to take time. The manhunt after 911 took some years, and this is going to be a yearslong mission. Well, I'm glad you mentioned the counterterrorism mission because we have had a lot of experience, the the US government at large with dealing with terrorism in the Middle East and elsewhere. And um obviously some of our uh friends and allies like Mexico, for example, are very sensitive about sovereignty and uh being able to uh uh control what happens on their on their territory. But but yet we're beginning to see more and more cooperation as you point out in that regard and um so in your opinion has the counterterrorism model have the lessons learned uh by the US government at large are they being aggressively applied? Are there other things we need to do to make sure that those uh those skills, those uh lessons learned are applied more broadly to the threat of narot trafficking? >> Um I can only speak to the FBI. We are applying all of them to our counter the CT mission set to the CN mission set and we're using the new authorities given to our intelligence community partners in the department of war to combine these collective efforts and in a new way meeting together and creating an inter agency process that gets after the threat threat dynamic and whether that's in a kill operation a capture operation a surrender operation or a host nation takedown like we did with the counterterrorism mission sets in Afghanistan in Iraq and Pakistan and elsewhere we are applying that to the drug traffickers in Mexico and Venezuela and Colombia. >> Thank you very much. >> Thank you, Mr. Chair. Um, we have seen too much political violence in this country. We all know that. Uh, just uh last week, director, your friend Charlie Cook Kirk was gunned down um on a college campus. I'm sorry for your loss. In Minnesota only two months ago, a madman took the life of my friends uh Melissa and Mark Hortman, shot Senator John Hoffman and his wife Aveta, combined 17 times. And evidence indicates that he would have killed a lot more if law enforcement hadn't intervened. Just last month in my state, we were again shook to the core when little kids were shot down through stained glass windows in Annunciation Catholic Church in Minneapolis. And while the victims weren't politicians in this case, they were six-year-olds and eight-year-olds, the manifesto that the shooter left behind was political. But in the words of your own federal law enforcement, this person was an allpurpose hater. Went after blacks, Hispanics, the president, Muslims, Jews, nearly everyone. And this happened during uh the first mass of the year for these kids. They were excited to see their friends, meet their new teachers, and two children, 8-year-old Fletcher Merkel, 10-year-old Harper Moy, were murdered. 21 other people injured some of the kids, 18 kids, uh, severely. Fletcher was just starting third grade. He loved his family, his friends. He loved fishing and cooking. In his dad's words, any sport he was allowed to play. Harper, the other child, we celebrated her life this Sunday. Thousands of people Her parents described her as bright, joyful, and a deeply loved 10-year-old whose laughter, kindness, and spirit touched everyone that she knew. We've heard the words of young children who were saved because 12-year-olds laid on top of them, or a kid with disabilities who was paralyzed, whose teacher pulled him out of the wheelchair, threw him under the pew, and laid on top of him. We do thank the local FBI director and the local US attorney's office for their work in both of these cases, the Hortman case and this. But I did want to focus on one local law enforcement moment that I'm not sure has made with all the news going on in Minnesota. when the first 911 call, and you've heard about other places where this waited and waited. The first 911 call was made at 8:27 a.m. The first officer was on the scene just 4 minutes later, local Minneapolis police at 8:31 a.m. The chief, Chief O'Hara, shared with me uh the actual numbers. Listen to this. Over 20 people were in ambulances. Just 14 minutes, all of them after the police got on the scene. 14 minutes after the first call, tourniquet, stretchers, and they got them all to Henipin County Medical Center or Minneapolis Children's Hospital. And I think it is worth looking at what happened there because one of the dads whose daughter was severely injured still in the hospital that I met on Sunday told me that there is absolutely no way her his beautiful daughter would have survived if police hadn't been there. So it is worth looking at for all of us. So my focus on behalf of these parents because I promised I would do this on Sunday was just to figure out how we can do anything to stop this from happening again. So expanded background checks, ghost gun bans, every shooting is different. Raising the minimum age to purchase assault weapon, even if we're not going to ban them. I favor banning them, but that's one idea that's out there. When so many of these shootings, our people are 18, 19, 20, 21. The one at Annunciation Church was 23. Both shooters in Yaldi and Buffalo had just turned 18 when they purchased the assault weapon bans. I'm not saying any one of these things would prevent every single shooting, but I really ask everyone to look at these. We also need to tackle social media and I really did appreciate um Senator Graham's questions. I think we have to protect free speech and not engage in censorship. Um, but for years I have supported repealing section 230 which was made when these companies were little companies starting up in garages and I think it is one way to get at making this better environment online and preventing violence. So my first question is on the assault weapon ban. Do you think that would be helpful in reducing gun deaths? director. >> Um, Senator, if I may, I want to answer the question, but thank you for your remarks. Um, especially relates to my friend Charlie, and I share and relay my remarks, my sentiments to you. Minnesota has suffered untold tragedy in these last um few months. And whatever creativity we can use to eliminate even just one shooting, uh, one horrific death, I am in favor of engaging with Congress fully to do. I don't have the answers. I don't know what will eliminate it in its entirety, but I'm willing to engage and explore new ways with you, Senator. >> Okay. Thank you. And so, assault weapon ban, >> what do you think, >> Senator? I think there are instances on this legislation that um um could prevent future attacks, but um I'm not going to weigh into the creation of legislation. Could you also look at and I I favor just assault weapon ban not getting the hands in the these guns in the hands of people that shouldn't have but could you look at the numbers on the ages? >> Yes. >> Because uh from 18 even going from 18 to 21 which wouldn't have prevented the shooter in Annunciation Church uh from purchasing that gun. He purchased several the same day. Over 100 rounds were fired from the assault weapon through the stained glass windows. So if you went up to 25, it would have stopped that immediate purchase and probably saved the the lives of these kids. But if you go to 21, that is the same age that already applies to purchasing handguns from federally licensed dealers. So, I prefer another approach, but I was hoping that our Republican colleagues would at least look at that given Yuvaldi, Buffalo, and some of these other mass shootings. Trying to be practical here, but thinking that it could make a major difference. Strengthening background checks. Could you also look at that? Um, and then banning ghost guns and bump stocks. What do you think of that? So, um, Senator, you're you're you're talking, um, to my heart here on one of the core missions at the FBI, which is our sieges facility in Winchester, Virginia, which is a our hub for our NYX checks, our NCIC's, our capabilities on when we have, I think it's 19,000 state and local community law enforcement come to us for these background checks. We're trying to make that processing as fast as we can so we can get them real-time information. Um, I think we have a 93% clearance rate in 15 minutes as it relates to ghost guns, but we can do better. >> All right. Well, just if you could get back to me on all those and talk to the White House. Uh, threats against elected officials have increased exponentially. Members of Congress received more than 9,000 threats last year, up from 1,600 in 2016. Uh there's been a lot of talk about uh the rhetoric and the like and if we want to move forward on things like uh section 230 or even look if we can do anything on guns I do think we're going to have to be honest about this allpurpose hater issue and that and it has bothered me this thing you know we're going to go after this group we're going to have to go after this group I just want to for the record show that the murder of Speaker Hortman and her husband. Uh, you know, he had it was Democratic lawmakers on his list. Um, he went to the ones whose addresses he had, by the way. Um, Planned Parenthood was on the list as were businesses and law firms. Um, doctors, I already mentioned the ones uh with the Catholic Church shooting. Um, so it is not just as the radicals on the left, what's a quote from the president are the problems or destructive movement of left-wing extremism that Vice President Van said. Um, according to the Anti-Defamation League last year, all the murders were committed. And I'm I'm not actually going to say this because I don't even want to go left right with this, but you can imagine it wasn't from the left. KO Institute, conservative think tank, published a study just last week uh that found from terrorists from the right were responsible for six times more deaths than people from the left. I actually don't want to go tit for tat on this, but what I am asking for is that this rhetoric of blaming one side or the other stop if you could convey that to the president and that we actually work on things uh that are solutions. So could you commit to me Mr. Patel, Director Patel, that you will do that. >> Absolutely, Senator. >> Okay. Thank you. Last, um, you were asked about social media and I will put some more questions on the record about that. I think we could make ma major movement on that. Um, the local FBI helped when the city of St. Paul was a victim of a cyber attack. Um, and I'm concerned about some of the cyber attack cuts. I'll ask you that on the record. Um, uh, AI, I'm glad you raised that. Um, I think we have to do more, but also including election interference because they're using AI videos. I just had one happen in this very committee on me and I just think they're going to start using it in um, democracy election. They could be foreign. Do you think some of this is foreign entities? Mr. Patel, >> generally speaking, we have traced a lot of this to loose groups overseas that don't have any sort of central cluster. >> There's going to be a lot on you then. And then last, I'll put on the record just my concern about protecting journalists. Uh the new guidance that came out of the department, um have you deployed any FBI resources to investigate members of the media for activities related to news gathering reporting or reporting on government whistleblowers? Something near and dear to the chairman's heart. the only time we would involve um an investigation of a journalist if they've conducted or committed an allegation of separate criminal activity. Um most prominently leaks of classified information. >> Thank you, >> Senator Holly. >> Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Uh Director Patel, good to see you. Thank you for being here. You're leading the FBI at a very critical time for that agency and also a critical time for our country. And I want to start by talking to you about the tide of violence that we have seen, ideological violence against people of faith, particularly Christians. You just think here, take a a rough catalog just in the last couple of years. We've seen at the Covenant School, Christian school in Nashville. We've seen school shooting at the Annunciation School. We've seen church shootings multiply. We've seen acts of crimes, crime and violence, vandalism, arson against churches and parishes all across the country. And then of course last week, Charlie Kirk, who said, "I want to be remembered for my courage, for my faith, was shot on a college campus." Let me just start with the assassination of Charlie Kirk. Are is the FBI, and I appreciate the tremendous work the FBI has done in this investigation. Is the FBI investigating the Kirk assassination as part of this broader pattern of anti-religious, anti-Christian violence? We are investigating Charlie's um assassination um fully and completely and running out every lead related to any allegation of broader violence and we're producing uh results on that that we'll disclose when appropriate. >> Good. I'm I'm glad to hear that. Let me just ask you a few questions about that if I could. >> Reports have suggested that the FBI is investigating a broader network of groups that may have had some knowledge of the shooters plans. Can you give us any details on that? Following up what you've already said in public, how's the FBI working to find other potential accompllices, folks who may have known about the shooter's plans, folks who may have encouraged him? Any any update on any of that? So, in terms of what we do for an interrogation um perspective, we go and reach out to the family and community immediately. And we've conducted those investigations and interrogations with local law enforcement, and we're continuing to do that because those closest to the suspect are going to hopefully know the most about the suspect and his beliefs and his ideology. On top of that, um, unfortunately, it has been leaked that there was a a Discord chat and for those unfamiliar with it, it's a gaming chat room online um that the suspect participated in. So, what we're doing, what we've already done is sort of legal process, not just on Discord, so that the information we gathered is sustained and held in a evidentary posture that we could use in prosecution should it be decided to do so. And we're also going to be investigating anyone and everyone involved in that Discord chat. >> Okay, very good. I see the public reports that the Discord thread had as many as 20 additional users. It sounds like you're you're trying to run down all of that to see if that's accurate. Who else may have been on that thread, what they may have known. Is that fair to say? >> It's a lot more than that. We're running them all down. >> It's a lot more than 20. >> Yes, sir. >> And you're running all of that to >> every single one. >> Yeah. Fantastic. Um, let me just turn to the to the broader question here of of anti-religious, anti-Christian violence. Let me just give you a few stats that I'm sure that you're all too familiar with. Every person of faith in America certainly is. Major report this past year found that there have been over 400 instances of hostility against churches in the United States in the year 2024. Those included arson, bomb threats, shootings, and firearm incidents. One another organizational report found that there were 500 attacks on Catholic parishes alone. So that number 415, that's that's all Christian churches in 2024. Another organization found 500 separate attacks on just Catholic parishes since May of 2020. Of course, we have the Covenant school shooting, the Annunciation School shooting in Minnesota where two children were shot dead as they were praying in a in a pew. Here's my question. What what is the FBI doing to take on this rising tide of violence that seems to be motivated by anti-religious hatred? >> Uh specifically, sir, we've have um 60 anti-atholic hate crime incidences reported to us that are being investigated uh publicly. I can tell you we have five hate crime investigations with anti-atholic bias ongoing currently in the states and excuse me in the cities of Kansas City, Louisville, Houston, uh Nashville, and Richmond. Um that's what I can say publicly. But any ideologically based attack against any faith as a man of faith myself will not be tolerated and the full resource of the FBI committed to all of it. Are you investigating any domestic cells that instigate or encourage or fund or in any way support attacks on churches or other houses of worship? >> Senator, you raise an incredibly important point that most people don't look at. I've always said we follow the money and whether it's terrorism or attacks based on ideology or attacks on institutions of faith or people of faith, someone's paying for it and we are reverse tracing those steps. We are not stopping at the perpetrator themselves. We are reverse engineering to hold those accountable in our investigations to who funded them and knowingly funded them. And we will bring the appropriate steps against them with our partners at DOJ. >> Good. I'm I'm glad to hear that. We look forward to hearing reports on that progress. Sorry about that. >> Let let me just uh ask you this in the same vein, director. Since the DOB's decision, the FBI has advertised $25,000 rewards for information on attacks on abortion clinics. Will the FBI similarly offer rewards for information on attacks of houses of worship? >> Yes, when it is uh appropriate. The rewards are um any reward whether it's an attack on a house of faith or on a homicide or whatever is determined by a group within the FBI, but we will work with them to make sure that rewards of monetary value are put out for all ideologically based attacks. >> Good. Um you just rattled off some some statistics which I was glad to hear about the number of investigations you have open, the incidents you're tracking against Christians against houses of worship. Let me just ask you if you consider designating a senior official as a liaison to houses of worship to Christian other religious organizations to publish metrics on investigations and arrests related to church attacks, church threats, vandalism, arson, etc. Will you set up a system for liazing and then reporting so that the everybody can see this committee and the public can see just how many attacks we're talking about just what the level of threat and violence is and what the FBI is doing to combat it. >> Senator, you're speaking my language. The private public sector partnership on this specific issue just like the other ones we've talked about is is equally transformative to finding those involved in these criminal activities. And with your assistance and I would ask you if you're able to identify someone who's an expert in that area, we will work with them. We will take their information because as great as the FBI is, we're only as good as the information we can get and we don't have the reach that the private sector does in some of these areas. >> Very good. Happy to help on that. Let me ask you about something specific to the FBI because sadly, as you know, the FBI when it comes to anti-religious animus has been part of the problem before you got to this agency. And I know that you remember the infamous memo generated by the FBI that attempted to recruit informants in houses of worship, in particular in Catholic parishes. Your predecessor testified when this information, I just want to reiterate, this memo became public because of a whistleblower. It was not turned over to this committee. It was not disclosed to this committee. In fact, we were told it didn't exist. and then a whistleblower published it showing that indeed the FBI had recruited informants attempted to into Catholic parishes. Your predecessor then testified sitting right where you are today. He testified that this I'm going to quote was a single product by a single field office end quote that was a lie because we then had additional whistleblowers come forward and say no actually multiple field offices contributed to the drafting of the report. And indeed, there was a second anti-atholic memo that the FBI generated. And indeed, those memos were distributed to over 1,000 FBI agents across the country. You know, all of this, you and I talked about it when you were here for your confirmation hearing back in January. I just want to follow up and see. Have you been able to determine how this memo got written and distributed? How is it that the Federal Bureau of Investigation came to be recruiting informants in Christian churches in this country? >> Senator, we did dig in and we are doing our investigation simultaneously with Congress. And just to put it in perspective, we've provided 700 documents on the Richmond Catholic memo specifically to this committee uh whereas my predecessor provided 19 pages. And not only that, but we looked into how the source recruitment structure at the FBI was conducted during this time. And we made adjustments and permanent fixes to ensure that sources are not put into houses of worship unless there is an actual ongoing criminal or international terrorism threat. We will not use sources at this FBI to de to investigate and cull information just for the sake of culling information in houses of worship. Has anybody been fired for this? >> There have been terminations related to this um and resignations. >> Good. There need to be because if this is if this is going to be standard at the FBI, nobody can trust the FBI. You want to talk about violating the First Amendment, this has got First Amendment violation written all over it. It's one of the most revolting chapters in the FBI's history. And considering what we're seeing more broadly in terms of the acts of violence against people of faith, this has absolutely got to end and the FBI has to lead the way. So I I count on you to do that. Director, let me just in the minute or so that I have remaining, let me just shift gears and ask you about something else you said earlier. You said that protecting our youth is maybe the FBI's top priority. It's great to hear. Let me ask you about the role of AI chat bots in that, which you've talked about a little bit already today. Are you investigating any cases of AI generated child sex abuse material? You issued a PSA earlier this year warning that synthetic child sex abuse material, that's where the AI generates it using maybe a real kid's image, but then generates sex material, sex abuse material. You warned that that was illegal under federal law. Is the FBI investigating any instances of this synthetic CESAM material generated by AI that you could speak to? We are investigating dozens of those matters because uh let me just say this. As far as the FBI is concerned, generative AI that produces CESAM, child sexual abuse material under our investigative authorities is treated as equally as if it were actual child sexual abuse material. There's no difference for me in the FBI on this. >> Let me just ask you one other thing in in this vein. I'm sure you've seen the reporting that Meta's AI rules, their own internal guidelines allowed their chat bots to have sensual, that's their word, sensual conversations with children. We've had instances, multiple instances of children, minors, taking their own lives at the behest of chatbots that instructed them with specificity on how to do it. What's the FBI's role here in investigating what is going on with these chat bots, with these AI companies encouraging? I mean, listen, if a if an actual person did that, we would say that's grooming. We would say that's child abuse. These companies are doing it. Their own guidelines allow it. What can we do about that? >> Uh, you're referring to NVE, Neilistic violent extremism, and 764. It has been made a priority of the FBI because they are targeting children and these chat bots and these generative AI are getting coupled with actual humans who are using them and releasing them because they can do the work faster and quicker than humans can and get into spaces like social media where humans have a difficulty in engaging. And what we're doing is treating any extension of generative AI as the criminal themselves. And we have I think I've got to get the number back to you but uh over a thousand investigations related to NVE. We've had numerous takedowns and arrest of 764 individuals and we are educating. This may be the most important part. I'm directly engaging with the social media and media companies, uh, the internet service providers to find a way to shut down. There's nothing I can do at the FBI to force them to shut it down, but work with you and Congress to find a way to work with our partners to get that shut down permanently. >> Senators, >> thank you, Chairman Grassley. Thank you, Chairman, for calling this hearing. I'm grateful we're continuing this committee's long tradition of oversight and in particularly today oversight of the FBI. Director Patel, thank you for being here. There's a number of issues I hope that we can speak to. I want to start by reading something you said to me during your confirmation hearing under oath. I have no interest, no desire, and will not, if confirmed, go backwards. There will be no politicization at the FBI. Then you looked me in the eyes and said, "There will be no retribution actions taken by the FBI should I be confirmed as director." I told you that in your office. I tell you that again today. I'm concerned that that's not what's happened. That since you took over as director, um, you've cleaned house or forced out senior leaders across the bureau, in particular targeting those that worked on investigations of President Trump. The former acting director has just sued you for firing him for political reasons. So did a leader in the DC field office. And the wellrespected leader of the Salt Lake City office was pushed out last month, leaving that office short-handed at a particularly difficult time. I'm worried that these actions compromise the bureau's ability to keep Americans safe. Hundreds of agents have resigned. You are lowering application standards to fill vacancies. You've reassigned large numbers of agents to work on immigration and street crime, issues other law enforcement agencies can handle, perhaps more effectively with the FBI, but I'm concerned that this compromises the bureau's ability to address national security risks, uniquely its capability. In fact, you've shut down the Office of Integrity and Compliance, which makes sure that agents act in a lawful and ethical way, and reassign staff away from domestic terrorism investigations. Exactly. at a moment I think we are all concerned about it. I I also have to ask you came before the appropriations committee in May and told us you wanted a half a billion dollar budget cut for the FBI. Literally an effort to defund the police. I am grateful for the work of the men and women of the FBI. They've done great work this year in Delaware um partnering with the Dover Police Department to support human trafficking victims, partnering with the Middletown Police Department on armed robbery and carjacking. And it's urgent, I think, that we fix the direction and the prioritization within the FBI. And I wish we could focus on those efforts today. But I'm seeing an FBI leadership more focused on social media clout um and on political revenge than on fighting crime. Director, have you ever ordered that an FBI employee be terminated because he or she worked on an investigation into President Trump? >> Uh Senator, thank you. One quick correction for the record. There's 280 NV investigations. I gave the incorrect number to Senator Holly. Thank you. >> Understood. >> Um as far as a lot of your statement, I disagree with it. I'm happy to address it, but the only way generally speaking an individual is terminated at the FBI is if they have violated their oath of office, violated the law, or fail to uphold the standards that we need them to have at the FBI. >> So, those who say that they've been fired um because of working on investigations into President Trump are lying or misrepresenting. >> Well, those matters are alleged in litigation, which is ongoing, so I can't comment on those specifically. Could you comment on why you fired former acting FBI director Driscoll? >> I can't because it's ongoing litigation. >> Could you say now definitively under oath that the rank and file agents who were assigned to work January 6 cases will not be terminated because that's what they were assigned to do? >> I've said it before and I've said it again. Your case assignment, as I was given case assignments when I was a young prosecutor, does not dictate your career or your termination. >> Thank you. Then let me go to the appropriations question. And in May, you testified before the subcommittee on which I served, defending the president's request that we slash the FBI's budget by about $500 million. The day before, you testified the opposite in front of the House. Where are we in terms of the budget request? Senator Graham earlier said, "If you're requesting more funding for more agents, let us know. We're nearing the end of the fiscal year. In front of the committee on which I serve here in the Senate, your request was for a reduction of hundreds of millions of dollars. Where are we? >> Where we are on the budget cycle is we at the FBI are in support of the president's budget and we are in support of eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse. We've already identified tens of millions of dollars of duplicative contracts that the FBI was spending on software and private sector engagements. We've also identified duplicative workloads. So, we are transitioning those folks out of doing the same thing twice over and into the field. And that's my focus right now. And the move of the FBI headquarters is also going to save the FBI three and a half billion dollars and the American taxpayers. So, we're focused on eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse. And as I told Senator Graham, um if we're are I'll go back and talk to my team and if we need more, we'll let you know. >> Are you planning any additional reductions in forest director? >> No. >> Um how many vacancies are you currently trying to fill within the agency? >> Um in terms of the 1811 ranks, there's a few hundred open vacancies that we have funded. And so we're filling all of those with our hybrid 1811 program and our new recruitment program and I think a lesser amount of IAS and SOS. >> So if hundreds of agents have retired or taken the fork in the road offer um and you have vacancies, but you're requesting 500 million less, how does having fewer FBI agents help you tackle violent crime and address our national security issues? >> Just to put it in perspective, Senators, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. If we had this 500 million, we've done the math. It would take us 14 years to onboard every vacancy that's on the books currently at the FBI because we can't hire these folks and train them overnight. It's a yearslong process. So, we are currently focused on recruiting the best and filling the positions to the best of our needs. And we even if we had this extra money wouldn't be able to hire them overnight. We're looking for where the need is greatest, where in the country we need to send them, and how we can change the training requirements, which is why I'm thrilled to have police officers. They might not have a college degree, but they got the street smarts and the cops smarts to become FBI agents, and that's what we want. >> Let me turn to section 702. Um, when you testified in front of the CJS subcommittee, we talked about this issue. You told me you were in favor of reauthorizing FISA section 702 when it expires next year so long as the reforms um implemented last year, reforms like better training for agents and real consequences for inappropriate searches of Americans communications were maintained. Um you also said uh that you had some ideas about how to make section 702 better going forward. Can you give me an update on the FBI's implementation of these reforms and the direction you think it should go? >> Absolutely. I think you're referring to the query process and if you're not, let me know. But any instance of abuse or mistakes that were made in the query process have now been changed. It used to be you can make multiple mistakes and continue to access the query database system. I've changed that. If you make a mistake, you're immediately sidelined. A review is conducted and if it was an actual mistake, i.e. there should have been s on the end of that name and there wasn't then we put you back in but we have to review those matters. So that's happening and um if there was an intentional mistake you have no more access to the 702 query system and its database. So we've also done an audit of the entire 702 system um and the query databases and now we are nearly 100% of the audit and I think we found one or two I'll have to get back to you uh quote unquote mistakes within that system which are currently being reviewed. >> Um thank you. You had told me in May that you'd send me updated statistics about the section 702 searches of Americans data. I haven't received it. When will I get that? >> I'll work with my team to get that to you, Senator. >> Um and frankly, in May, um when you were testifying that you were implementing these reforms, >> um you were also closing down the office of internal auditing at the FBI. Now, that was the office created in the first Trump administration to improve the bureau's compliance uh with section 702. How is that working out? How how can you continue to advocate for robust civil liberty protections but shut down the office that was created to enforce those safeguards? Help me understand this. >> Absolutely, Senator. This is a great example of sort of duplicative work. both uh there was two divisions in the FBI working on this and all we did was the inspection division which is the leader in this query system and this audit system has now been given the single source mandate to conduct these. So the OIA it's elimination is just taking folks who were working there and were experts in it and folded in under the inspection division and then taking other folks that we didn't need because we had enough manpower and pushing them elsewhere in the FBI. >> I'm concerned about the rise in threats against members of our judiciary. What are you doing with the US Marshall Service uh to help protect our federal judges and with state and local um judicial systems to help provide some of the expertise of the FBI and protecting them as well? >> I share your concern, Senator. We have 35 open investigations, 17 against federal judges um and the remainder against state court judges and threats that they have received. And as you know, federally there's a specific statute which prohibits that. So, we are working up those cases um and referring them to prosecution where we can meet the threshold for evidence. >> Um in your written testimony, you referenced um how counter UAS legislation expires uh and we need to resolve the conflict in jurisdiction and authority. Um I agree this is an urgent concern. I have heard from state and local law enforcement about it, from the folks responsible for major events, whether it's sports or concerts or public events. Um, given the tragic increase in political violence, I'm very concerned about the misuse of drones and the potential of there being a catastroph catastrophic event. What could we do to address this challenge? >> Well, obviously reauthorizing the capabilities that we have under the counter UAS program. But just to highlight what the FBI is specifically doing, we've been given the mandate to work with DHS to secure not just the Club World Cup that we had, by the way, which which occurred in 32 matches across the country without any significant interest, excuse me, significant um incident um which we're proud of and we're taking that model for the next World Cup and also the Olympics. But the reason I bring that up is because we pushed out our counter UAS programs to address the security needs and that's where our focus is on events like that. >> Mr. Director, thank thank you for your testimony. I look forward to working on actually solving criminal problems and reducing the extent to which what we're going back and forth about is more political and partisan point scoring and more actually solving crimes for the American people. >> Senator Kennedy Mr. Director, um you and the FBI working with uh state and local law enforcement officials in Utah have caught the assassin of Mr. Charlie Clerk. Is that right? >> We have a suspect. Yes, sir. And you did that within 48 hours, did you not? >> 33 hours. >> 33 hours. Congratulations. >> We've had other political assassinations back in uh back in June, an assassin assassinated uh Representative Melissa Hoffman, Mr. Hoffman, Senator John Hoffman, and Mrs. Hoffman in Minnesota. Uh you and the FBI and Minnesota state and local law enforcement officials caught the assassin within 48 hours. Did you not? >> I believe that timeline's correct, Senator. >> Congratulations. Sometimes we we uh we miss the forest for the trees. Good work. Um, did did Mr. Clark's ass assassin act alone? As I've said since the beginning, Senator, it is very much an ongoing investigation and um I can't speak to the state charges. That's for the state to address on their own, but we are providing them with the same investigatory findings reporting the department. And as I noted to Senator uh I believe it was uh Cornin or Holly that there are a number of individuals that are currently being investigated and interrogated and a number yet to be investigated and interrogated specific to that chat room. So we are very much in our ongoing posture of investigation. >> So others could have been involved. >> Yes sir. Okay. Um, I asked you this last time you were here, Cash. You remember Mr. Peter Struck and Miss Lisa Page? >> Yes, sir. >> They were Mr. Struck was an FBI agent. Miss Paige was an FBI lawyer. They were both uh very aggressive anti-Trump political activists who allowed their political opinions to affect their work at the FBI. Is that a fair statement? >> I believe their text messages and their testimony that was secured by the OIG and DOJ speak themselves. >> In fact, um Mr. Struck and Miss Page were having an extraarital affair. And at one point, uh Miss Page texted Mr. Struck, quote, "Trump's not ever going to be president." Right. Right. Mr. Struck replied, "No, no, he won't. we will stop it." End quote. Um, Miss Paige resigned from the FBI. Mr. Struck was fired. They promptly sued the federal government and the FBI and Justice Department for releasing their emails, which revealed all this. The FBI settled that lawsuit for $1.2 2 million gave Mr. Struck $1.2 million cash gave Miss Paige who resigned. She wasn't fired. She resigned. She quit. Gave her $800,000. Who if the FBI made that decision to give them money? >> Uh that settlement was reached in the Biden administration when my predecessor was a director. >> Who are you saying that Chris Ray did? The only people that can decide that settlement are the uh attorney general in conjunction with the director and the administration. >> Okay. So, you're telling me that attorney general Garland and Director Ray decided to give them the money. Is that right? >> Yes, sir. >> Okay. Now, when when you uh when you you took over the FBI, did you find instances of where U under the Biden administration, the FBI had uh had weaponized the agency to push the uh political beliefs of President Biden. >> Sorry, the last part. >> When you took over the FBI, did you find instances of where uh the Biden administration had politicized the FBI to prosecute its political agenda? >> Well, I won't speak for other people. Having been a target of that weaponization, having been a staffer on the House Intelligence Committee, having had the Justice Department weaponize against me for making the findings and leading the investigation of Russia gate, I know what that feels like. And that's why as the FBI director, I'm committing to not ever have that ever happen again. But I'm also committed to fully investigating what was done and that matter is still ongoing. >> So I I assume I take it your answer is yes. >> Yes, sir. >> And you're firing those people. Is that right? Anyone that politicizes their job at the FBI will not work at the FBI. >> Okay. You've heard some of my colleagues either implicitly or or otherwise suggest that you have politicized the FBI to uh to to prosecute the political beliefs of President Trump. Is that true? I don't know how that can be true when the stats that I cited to include the 23,000 arrest, 6,000 weapon seized, 1,600 gang and criminal enterprise organizations, 40 4,700 children found and rescued, more enough fentinol seized to kill a third of America, the men and women of the FBI are now in an a-olitical mission. And this is why the numbers are historic in >> Have you fired people because they voted for Vice President Harris? I don't ask people who they vote for and neither does the FBI. >> Okay. But you've given people polygraphs, have you not? >> Many people in the FBI take polies. >> The FBI does that all the time? Yes. >> Does it not? >> Yes, sir. >> For a long time. Is that correct? >> Decades. >> All right. I want to ask you about the Epstein files. Have you uh >> have you seen the Epstein files? >> I have not reviewed the entirety of it myself, but a good amount. Um, would it be fair to say that Mr. Epstein traffked young women, including in some instances minors, for sex to himself. >> That was specifically the allegations in the 2018 indictment in the Southern District of New York. >> Okay. Who else did he traffic these young women to >> in terms of what the investigation again going back to 2008 Mr. Aosta who limited the investigation and limited the search warrants and limited the parameters of the investigation. The only thing we are able to speak to publicly because he was given a nonprosecution agreement by Mr. Aosta is that first time period from I believe don't quote me on this 97 to 2001ish. And then when the Trump administration courageously reopened it, >> ask him if interrupting, but I'm going to run out of time. You've seen most of the files. Uh, who, if anyone did Epstein traffic these young women to besides himself? >> Himself. There is no credible information. None. If there were, I would bring the case yesterday that he traffked to other individuals. And the information we have again is limited. So the answer is no one >> for the information that we have >> in the files >> in the case file. >> Okay. Now uh President Trump has deferred to the FBI and the Department of Justice uh with respect to the the Epstein records. He says it is your call about releasing him and and I understand that the department and the agency have decided to release them in cooperation with the House committee. Is that correct? >> Yes, sir. >> Uh so you're releasing them a little bit at a time. Is that correct? >> We're releasing as much as we can. Um, but we are limited by three different court orders and the department went back to each of those judges to wave those court orders or have them lifted and each of those judges declined. >> Will you release all of them or at least as many as you can? >> We will release everything. We are legally permitted to do so. We are continuing to work with the house on the subpoena request. We have substantially required with it complied with it, but we will continue to release whatever we are legally permitted to do so. >> Okay. I strongly encourage you to do that, Cash. I don't This issue is not going to go away. Um, and I think that the essential question for the American people is this. They know that Epstein traffked young women for sex to himself. They want to know who, if anyone else, he traffked these young women to. And that's a very fair question. I want to know that answer. And uh I I think you're going to have to to do more to satisfy the American people's understandable curiosity in that regard. >> Mr. Chairman, may I just respond to that? I agree, Senator. And what we have done, and just to remind folks, the Epstein case files existed in the two prior administrations in the Obama administration and the Biden administration. They didn't release anything. And there was President Trump in the first administration that renewed charges against Mr. Epstein. And I know it's a little complicated to understand. Uh but what exists in the Epstein case files was a direct result of the limited search warrants from 2006 and 7 which hamstrung future investigations because of the nonprosecution agreement and multiple administrations had the opportunity to look at the entirety of that case file and recommend prosecutions against anyone that was trafficked under Mr. Epstein and anyone that participated in that trafficking. and the only person to bring charges was the prior administration against Mr. Epstein. Now, I am not saying that others were not trafficked and others were not involved. What I am telling you is that based on the information we have and we have continuously and publicly asked for the public to come forward with more information. If there is, we'll look at it. But based on credible information, we have released all credible information. And the information that the Department of Justice and the FBI never releases is information on investigations that are not credible. And we don't release the names of victims who weren't credible. But in the same time, we don't release the names of victims who were credible. And so the information that's by law and so the information we are releasing now is historic and it is also to the maximum capacity that the law allows. And I know that's not going to satisfy many, many, many people, but if they wanted it done right, then the investigation from its origination should have been done right. And he should not have been given a get out of jail free card to do jail on the weekends for 12 hours a day. And he should have been investigated fully for the entirety of his crime and criminal enterprise, not just from 1997 to 2001. >> Senator Bthal. >> Thank you, Mr. Patel. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Uh, Director Patel, thank you for being here today. Uh you'll recall well uh in January at your confirmation hearing before this committee, I raised the prospect of politically motivated retaliation and you promised me as you did other members of this committee, quote, "Every FBI employee will be held to the absolute same standard and no one will be terminated for case assignments." You went on to tell me, quote, "All FBI employees will be protect against political retribution." And you assured one of my colleagues that you would honor the internal review process of the FBI. Uh, I'm not going to mince words. You lied to us. In the short time that you've been FBI director, you've presided over a rash of retaliatory firings. Three FBI agents have recently sued you. They are FBI agents with 60 years between them of distinguished service. Rescuing hostages, saving kids from predators, dismantling drug cartels, and their allegations, their civil allegations are a searing indictment of your tenure as FBI director. But it's not just those three. The FBI Agents Association has said that your actions quote distract agents from their work, foster fear that their assignments could cost them their careers either now or under the next administration, and increase the risk of criminal and national security threats by undermining unity and morale within the bureau." End quote. This association, as you know, is voluntary. It represents 14,000 members, 90% of all the active agents. These are your employees saying that your performance has been unqualified and unfit. And there is mounting evidence that these retaliatory firings were the result of direction from the White House. There have been instances in the past here history of the bureau of political interference and political direction from the director's office, but not the kind of institutional interference that we're seeing from the White House right now. I'm going to ask you, has anyone from the White House contacted you about personnel decisions? I completely disagree with your entire premise that I have lied or misleading the FBI. If I were, the results that I announced today by the men and women of the FBI and the historic records we are doing to keep this country safe would not be possible. The men and women of the FBI are responding to our leadership and this administration's priorities. The only way people get terminated at the FBI is if they fail to meet the muster of the job and their duties. And that is where I will leave it. And you accusing me of lying is something I don't take lightly, but I'm not going to get into a tit for tat with you. >> Well, let let me just ask you to answer my question. Has anyone from the White House contacted you about personnel decisions? >> Generally speaking, we always discuss with the White House OM during the budget process how many personnel we need, who we need, where >> answer is yes. for budgetary purposes to fire people agents because they participated in investigations of the president. >> I don't receive directions to do that. >> Has anyone decision? >> Has anyone asked you to do it? The best information is yes, you've taken suggestions and direction from the White House in firing qualified agents. any termination at the FBI was a decision that I made based on the evidence that I have as a director of the FBI and it's my job and I'm not going to shy away from it. And as you stated, those are allegations and that is an ongoing litigation. So, they'll have their day in court. So will we. >> The allegations are not just in that lawsuit, Director Patel. And I think your testimony confirms that in fact you've taken direction from the White House >> in those valatory firings. It literally doesn't. >> As you've acknowledged that in fact they have been in contact with you about personnel decisions. >> The White House has been do not put words in my mouth. We're on the record. The White House, like any administration, contacts its agencies on the budgeting process and where it needs personnel and where the mission priorities are. That always happens. If they didn't do that, they would be abdicating the responsibility to law enforcement. I will always work with my partners in the chain of command at the Department of Justice and the White House to ensure that this FBI is delivering the results we are delivering to include the lowest murder rate in modern US history, to include the most fentinyl seizures in modern US history, to include the most lives saved and the most children found in modern US history. That is a working FBI. That is not a failing FBI. Let's move on to a related area in White House discussions. Have you been asked or directed by the White House or others to engage in a crackdown on political groups or organizations, nonprofits after the murder of Charlie Kirk >> to direct at political organizations? No. I've been asked by my chain of command to properly root out criminal activity wherever it is in whatever investigation we are conducting and that's what we're doing. >> Have those distinctions about whom you're going to target been based on direction from the White House? >> Nobody gives me a list on who to target. My targeting list is from the men and women at the FBI. Have you talked about investigating certain groups, nonprofits or foundations or institutions? >> Whatever those investigations are, they're ongoing and I'm not going to get into them. >> Uh, have you used polygraphs to determine loyalty of agents? >> No. >> Have you committed that uh you will respect the first amendment rights of agents? I have wildly committed to respecting the first amendment rights of agents, but at the FBI, you have to balance your first amendment rights with your mission. >> Have you imposed any sort of loyalty test in the course of using polygraphs or in any of the other personnel decisions? >> Polygraphs have been utilized at the FBI for decades. They will continue to be utilized in the fashion by the professionals that administer them. Have you asked under the polygraph test about individuals loyalty or about their voting records or any kind of past statement? >> Just to make it abundantly clear, I don't tell the professionals how to conduct polygraphs or what questions to ask. They make those decisions. And I, as a director of the FBI, never ask anyone who they voted for. Have you investigated donors to a political party simply because they are donors? >> Simply based on that fact alone? No. >> Have you investigated donors for another reason? >> Many donors may be involved in c criminal enterprises and criminal activities and those individuals will be investigated. Can you commit to make public uh the Epstein files that so far have not been released if this committee is able to review them on a classified basis? >> I think this is an important distinction. The Epstein case file is not classified to my understanding. So we are providing what we legally can and we are going to give Congress what we are legally permitted to do so to the maximum extent of the law. >> Will you enable the chairman and the ranking member to review them on a classified basis? >> That doesn't make any sense. If the material in the file is not classified, there is no basis for a classifi if they were able to review them on a on a classified basis. If anyone in this room can get the multiple district court judges to lift their court protective orders in the ceilings, we will happily provide you with more information. >> Are you in favor of merging the DEA and the ATF? >> That's not something for me to comment on. >> Well, those agencies work with you, don't they? >> With me? Not for me. Are you in favor of orienting the FBI toward a national police function as opposed to the enforcement of federal law? >> The FBI does enforce federal law across the country. That's what we do. >> But isn't it a fact that you have told the leadership of the FBI that you view it as moving toward a local and state police function? No, we are prioritizing working with our local and state partners and they will tell you that that has never happened with this much engagement in the history that they have been serving as local law enforcement officers. I believe local cops are the best intelligence source and the best understanding of their communities and I folded in my FBI agents under that direction to work with them to get the job done. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For the fourth time today, I want to remind people that my oversight has made clear that Director Ray's FBI was politicized. I've released a trove of records to prove it, not only today, but in past uh days. I've also said some FBI personnel who have been fired retaliated against my whistleblowers and I I don't remember my Democratic colleagues defending my whistleblowers when their careers were ruined. Senator Schmidt. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Um, before I get into the the thrust of my comments and questions, director, I I want to thank you um, in our uh, meetings prior to your confirmation, during your confirmation, we've talked about your desire to get more uh, agents out into the field out of Washington and take on violent crime and you fulfilled that. St. Louis received the largest permanent per capita infusion of FBI agents anywhere in the country. And I know it's not an only an isolated event, but uh but we certainly appreciate your uh honoring your commitment to do that. And I know there's a lot of great opportunities ahead to to take on violent crime, which you've highlighted many of the successes in your introductory comments. Um it's obviously no secret that this hearing takes place in the wake of a horrific American tragedy, the assassination of Charlie Kirk. For those of us uh who knew him, I know you did, too. Uh it's still sort of difficult to to uh put into words um what a tragic loss that is not just for his family but for our country for free speech um for a belief that we can have a free exchange of ideas. And he was quite literally shot in the throat um uh in in an attempt to silence him and take and take his life. And so you have this task now of of this investigation. There's been an arrest. Um, but I think that we face uh an even larger crisis that law enforcement alone can't tackle um alone. Uh it's a crisis that has culminated in the assassination of Charlie. Um but it doesn't end there. It's every I think every bit present right now and the challenge is greater than I quite frankly I would have imagined. uh seeing some of the comments that that have taken place after the assassination and something that I think as a country we have to reckon with um and it's something deeper much deeper than a rejection of law and order or the norms of civil society. We've entered a very dangerous time I think in our country. Um and that should be clear to everyone. Political violence is a sign of a deep and corrosive sickness in any society. But in America today, the problem is just not political violence in the abstract. It is the specific kind of political violence which is overwhelmingly driven by a specific set of actors and groups. None of this emerged out of thin air. Over the past week, leaders from across the political spectrum have come out and forcefully condemned Charlie's murder and political violence more broadly for that. We're all very grateful. We should be grateful. Uh there have been calls to unite and come together in the wake of Charlie's murder. And I want to do that. I do. Um someday I pray that we can be united as a country again and go forward together as a one people and under one flag. But we are not united. Upstream from the dehumanization and demonizing political violence and rhetoric tearing apart our country is a divide on how we view America and Americans. Is America good? Is America evil? Is there something inherently special about Western civilization? Or is this 2,000-year project rotten to the core? And if it is something worth fighting for, which I believe, how do we do it? With words and ideas like Charlie did, or with firebombs and assassins bullets? Political violence is always wrong. Period. Full stop. It doesn't matter which side in the name of any ideology or cause, it's wrong. But in America today, political violence is not a problem that falls equally upon both sides. We have to be honest about this. We must reject an attempt to paint it as some kind of random phenomenon with no particular creator ideology, a kind of spontaneous insanity which takes place outside of any broader social context and has no pattern at all. That's wrong. So free speech, yes. Political political violence, no. But we have to be honest about what's happening already. We're hearing people talk about Charlie's assassination in those terms. We're told that we can't possibly know what drove a killer to plan and carry out a murder. The most prominent conservative activist in America, but that's a lie. We do know. The facts are plain and clear. And we have to speak truth in this moment or there's no other side of the mountain. The vast majority of Americans are against political violence, but there is a vocal, active minority that encourages and celebrates it. And that minority is overwhelmingly on the left. Just last week, a Yuggov poll found that a quarter, a full 25% of those people who describe themselves as very liberal say it can be justified for citizens to use violence to achieve political goals. Less than 3% of very conservative Americans say the same. That's too many. That is 3% too many. But we are lying if we think that this is a both sides thing. It's not. We have to confront it. And you're going to have an important job of rooting out these terrorists. This is an ideology that runs very deep. The numbers are virtually identical to the ones I just noted when it comes to whether or not it's okay to celebrate the deaths of people whom we disagree with. And while large majorities in both parties were opposed to celebrating political violence, Democrats overall were nearly twice as likely as Republicans to believe that it is usually or always acceptable to celebrate the death of a public figure they oppose. What in the hell is going on? Earlier this year, a poll found that more than 55% of people on the left believe that it would be at least somewhat justified to murder Donald Trump. These are not just some abstractions on a page. These are our fellow citizens. How can we come together with people who believe these things? We've all seen the flood of posts on social media over the past week. Not just a fringe few, but thousands upon thousands of people gleefully celebrating a father of two young children getting gunned down in broad daylight. I wish I wouldn't have seen that video. I wish my kids would not have seen that video. Blue Sky, the left-wing alternative to X, was so overwhelmed with these posts that the platform was forced to issue a statement warning its users to stop glorifying the murder. And it wasn't just a random It wasn't just random social media trolls. It was journalists, elite college professors, and even politicians all but saying Charlie's assassination was justified because of what he thought, because of what he said. We saw the flood of hit pieces, the most powerful media outlets in the nation, dishonestly attacking and villainizing Charlie for the most vicious possible terms. How can you ask us to unite under that? There can be no unity between good and evil. Somebody has to win this thing. And as a country, we have to absolutely reject it. And don't tell me it's both sides. It didn't happen in a vacuum. Over the past decade, we've seen an explosion of political violence. Not just one-off lonewolf attacks, but organized systemic political violence at a mass scale. It is not organic. It is the offspring of a dark and clandestine system funded in part with our own tax dollars. Winning with a large network of foundations, NOS's, activist organizations and front groups. This system lurks behind every radical leftist movement in our nation today. The George Soros Empire Empire has financed a vast ecosystem of radicals all working together, dropping off bricks uh at riots to unleash a tidal wave of violently anarchists on our streets and to prop it up and an army of researchers and experts and journalists and propagandists who downplay the political violence. But >> he's doing serious. >> I'm gonna ask you because I don't have a ton of time. And I would point out we've heard years years of the left their loudest voices calling anyone on the right extremist extremist MAGAR Republicans, fascists, Nazis, an existential threat to democracy. Check yourself and don't give me this both sides Mr. Director, I want to ask you tell me if each one of the following perpetrators or alleged perpetrators were acting from leftwing or rightwing ring polit rightwing political violence. The man who who killed who tried to kill Republican congressman at the congressional baseball practice nearly killing House Majority Leader Steve Scaliz. Left-wing or right-wing violence? >> Sir, I believe it was a leftwing ideology. >> Okay. Burn down cities during the summer of love in the George Floyd riots. Leftwing violence or right-wing violence? >> Sir, I'll I'll rely on you on these. Um I don't have off the top of my head. I'm sorry. >> Okay. Leftwing. The Wisha Christmas parade massacre. Left wing or right-wing violence. Left wing. The Lee Zeldon stabbing attempt. Left wing or rightwing? Left wing. The Covenant school shooting in Nashville. Left wing or rightwing? Left wing. The Butler, Pennsylvania assassination attempt on President Trump. Left wing or rightwing? Left wing. The Trump International West Palm Beach assassination attempt. Left wing. The Abundant Life Christian school shooting, leftwing. The United Care uh CEO's murder, leftwing. Tesla's burned, keyed, damaged, firebomb, leftwing, leftwing. The murders at the Israeli is embassy, leftwing. The ICE facilities, firebombed, leftwing. The Minnesota Catholic school shooting, leftwing. The anti-white Charlotte in North Carolina stabbing, leftwing. The attempted Utah news state firebombing, leftwing. And now, of course, the culmination of this vile trend, a left-wing assassination of President or of Charlie Kirk. So, don't give me this both sides. If we want to get to unity, let's be honest. Let's be honest. Free speech, yes. Political violence, no. But let's be honest. >> Senator Herano. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Patel, just like the rest of the federal government, there have been significant personnel changes at the FBI since President Trump took office. I want to better understand the scope of the turnover and the changes occurring at the FBI since January 20, 2025. How many FBI employees have retired, resigned, been fired, or otherwise separated from employment? I need a number. >> We'll get you a number. >> What is the number? You don't have it? >> Not off the top of my head. And I want to get you the right number. >> Would it surprise you to know that it's in the probably in the thousands? Like 5,000? >> I don't think that number is accurate. >> You don't know. Next question. How many special agents or analysts have left or been fired from the FBI since January 20th, 2025? say we will get you the numbers and anyone that retires is of their own valition and anyone that is terminated at the FBI as I've said before is done so because they have failed to meet the standards and uphold their loyalty host to the >> constitution. I'll show you. Next question. How many executive assistant directors assistant directors or special agents in charge have left or been fired from the FBI since January 20th, 2025? Again, people leaving on their own accord or terminations were done by the standards set at the FBI that have been carried out. >> This question I'm getting to the leadership of the FBI and you don't have that answer. Next question. Which field office, division, or directorate has lost the most personnel since January 2020? And uh well, do you have the answer to that question? Yeah, actually every single field office in the country, including Hawaii, has received a plus up of FBI agents because we're pushing them out to the field. >> Okay. So, you're telling me that no field office division or director has lost any personnel since January 20th, 2025? >> That's your answer? >> In Hawaii, there's been a plus up. In every single state that I'm looking at, we have allocated a plus up for field offices across the country so that the FBI can continuing the historic achievements it's done in these last seven months. When you're talking about firings, you're looking for a media hit and a fundraising clip. And I'm not going to give it to you. >> It doesn't matter. I'm under what basis they left. I just want to know how many have left. And I think your testimony is nobody has left. Next question. Nope. That's not my testimony. You asked it one time. I answered it one time. You didn't get the answer you wanted for your clips. Keep asking it. And I told you I'd get you the numbers, but you can keep asking it. >> Which field office, division, or directorate has gained the most personnel since January 2020 25? You noted that there have been plus ups. So, which offices have received these plus-ups? The greatest allocation that I believe was given to California and then Florida. >> Where were those offices? >> California and Florida. >> Okay. >> Director Patel, you often refer to FBI agents as cops. All of us, Democrats and Republicans, support the police officers who keep our communities safe. But while our states, cities, counties, and towns all employ police officers to protect our communities, Congress has empowered and equipped the FBI to take on missions that local police cannot, especially taking on terrorists, hackers, and spies. I'd like to assess how well the FBI is able to handle its specialized missions under your leadership. The FBI is the nation's lead federal law enforcement agency for investigating and preventing acts of domestic and international terrorism. And yet, the executive assistant directors in charge of the FBI's national security and intelligence branches were both forced out at the beginning of the year. Who replaced them in those positions? excellent qualified personnel to lead the mission of arresting 23,000 violent criminals this year alone. That's twice as many as before. >> Took the places of >> I'm not going to give you any names so you can attack them. >> Why not? >> So you can attack them. I'm not doing that. >> The people sitting in those seats are extremely qualified to handle the job. We would not have the results of personnel who we would not have the reduction of violence in the state of Hawaii if we did not allocate the resources we did. This year >> FBI counterterrorist special agents and investigators were reassigned to assist with immigration enforcement. Reportedly, these counterterrorism experts were returned to the jobs they trained for in late January after Iran threatened to retaliate for our strikes on their nuclear facilities. Have those experts remained in the jobs they trained for since that time? Yes or no? >> FBI agents primary responsibility is exactly what they are assigned to do. We always work with our inner agency. >> Return to their position. You're not going to let me answer. Why don't you just do your saliloquy in the four and a half minutes you have left? >> I am not asking for a solo queue. It's just a yes or no. Are those people who are returned to their jobs still on those jobs? Yes or no? >> They never left. >> What was that? >> They never left their primary job. It is a surge of resources in law enforcement working with the inner agency to combat violent crime and reduce violent crime in historic proportions. That's your testimony. Okay. Director Patel, the FBI is also the lead federal agency for investigating cyber attacks and cyber intrusions both by by foreign nation states and by non-state hacker groups. Since per President Trump's inauguration, the executive assistant director and charge of the criminal and cyber branch and the head of the FBI cyber division have both left the FBI. What are the names of the people who replace them in those positions? >> The cyber branch is one of the most impressive at the FBI. 409 arrests this year, 169 convictions. That's a 42% increase from the same time last year. So, any suggestion that the FBI cyber division is not operating at full capacity and better than ever before. The leadership at the branch is implementing these changes necessary to attack the cyber and ransomware infrastructure operators for China. I want to know who has those positions since they people who originally were there >> supremely qualified individuals have those positions. >> Are they >> supremely qualified individuals? >> Who are they? What are the names you're not getting? >> We don't know. >> Special agents who investigate cyber cyber crime were also reassigned for immigration enforcement. Have those expert investigators returned to their duties? Yes or no? All agents remained on their primary duties while surging to to allocate resources for inter agency operations to the homeland security task forces across this country. >> So are are you >> am I what? >> See I I'm not getting the the yes or no answers. I get all this explanation. So there you go. >> No, you get the work that the men and women of the FBI are doing. You don't want that. >> Additional personnel cuts to the cyber division in the future. The only people that will be terminated at the FBI will be those that violate their oath of office, fail to meet the high standards at the FBI. >> Director Patel, the FBI is meant to be the tip of the spear in combating terrorism against the United States from both foreign and domestic sources. It's also our lead agency in fighting the hackers who target our businesses and critical infrastructure. But instead of um a specialized role fighting these kinds of terrorists, hackers, and spies, you have the FBI playing the role of local police and helping with immigration enforcement. I'm going to move on to my you know you've been asking some questions about changes to your hiring standard and including college uh degrees and uh u possibly the age but you know one question I had is um that you are now requiring applicants to be able to do a certain certain kind of pull-ups uh which um a lot of women cannot because of physiological differences. Are you requiring uh these kinds of pull-ups? >> We are requiring a physical program at BFTC at Quantico because FBI agents carrying guns in the field have to chase down bad guys and do really hard work. The physical fitness standards of those agents are signs of pull-ups. We are requiring everybody to pass the 1811 standards at BFTC. If you want to chase down a bad guy, excuse me, >> and put him in handcuffs, you better be able to do a pull-up. >> The reason I ask is that there are concerns about whether or not uh being able to do these kinds of harsh pull-ups is really required of FBI agents. >> Doing one pull-up is not harsh and there are always medical exemptions to that. >> I am gravely concerned by the state of the FBI under your control. In fact, you are willing to take a cut in your agency of almost half a billion dollars. So, the FBI is losing dedicated employees, decades of expertise and specialization leading to uh loss to early retirements, firings and reassignments to immigration enforcements or conducting local police work. Thousands have already left. For as long as you remain as the head of the FBI, I fear the number of departures and some refiries will continue to grow. Uh Mr. Patel, before the vote on your nomination of this committee, I noted that um your most significant qualification, this is not just something that uh I noted, but others. Uh your your most significant place going >> qualification was your 100% loyalty to President Trump. And I fear that that continues to be the motivating factor in your position as FBI director. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. >> Mayor, Mr. Chairman, >> Director Patel, did you anything you wanted to say now? >> Um, that is an entire falsehood. You can delete my 16 years of government service to multiple administrations all you want. The fact is that I was a public defender. I was a national security prosecutor. I was a House intelligence staffer. I was a deputy director of intelligence. I was a chief of staff to the Department of Defense and the Secretary of Defense. I led the counterterrorism missions for the White House. Those are just some of the jobs I held in my 16-year career. There was no loyalty then. There's no loyalty now to anything but the Constitution. >> Senator Brick. >> Yes. Um well, before I begin, I want to thank Senator Hero for what she said, acknowledging that there are physical differences between men and women, talking about that women wouldn't be able to do as many pull-ups. And I think that she was making a case here that there should be different standards. There's a thing called Title N. And this is why we continue to say we should have biological men and men's sports and biological women and women's sports. And so I look forward to utilizing that to to talk to all of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Um maybe they will stand with us and helping us protect women's sports. I think she made a great argument there for it. Moving on to today. Um Director Patel, thank you for being here. Thank you for your commitment to making sure that America is safe again. Thank you for doing that coast to coast and within our cities. I certainly look forward to talking about that and talking about your historic gains in these areas. But I would be morissed if I didn't um begin my questioning with you about the horrific events that we have seen over the last week. Obviously, our heart breaks um not only for Erica and and Charlie's two children and for parents and families, but for America and for those of us who knew him. Um you being chief among those. So, um, just my sincere condolences and thank you for the steps that you and the FBI have taken to make sure that we have, um, someone within custody and we're going to be able to to move forward with that. But if you look over the last, you know, since last summer alone, we had two assassination attempts on the president. We've had an arson attack on the governor of Governor Shapiro there in Pennsylvania. You have the murder of the state representatives Melissa Hortman and her husband in Minnesota along with the shooting of state senator John Hoffman and his wife. Um several anti-semitic attacks, several attacks on um Christians that were noted by Senator Holly. Um uh you know we had the killing of two Israeli embassy staffers here in DC, the June fire bombing in Colorado. We could go on and on and we saw a culmination um as Senator Schmidt said with the brutal assassination of Charlie Kirk last week. I appreciate you committing to both Senator Holly and Senator Kennedy talking about making sure that all that are involved are held accountable. I think that is critically important and I think that America needs that transparency. I want to read you some words of Vice President JD Vance. He said, "If we want to stop political violence like what happened to Charlie Kirk, we have to be honest about the people who are celebrating it and the people who are financing it." My question to you is in light of Charlie's murder and all of the things that we have just referenced and have been talking about today, what steps is the FBI taking to more aggressively crack down on those who promote, encourage, finance, fund these types of engagements and this type of political violence. >> Um, thank you Senator for your kind words. So in terms of how we crack down on the root cause of this violence uh for now putting aside the ideological motivations and how they got there the monetary issue is a real issue and as I've said before we follow the money so we work with our partners at the Treasury Department to trace where the money came from how these individuals paid for the training they received or the platforms they were using and also how these individuals collectively got together in whatever groups they were on on whatever social media sites they were on to utilize clickbait to make money for their ideology. And so to trace all of those, we are using not just in the char in Charlie's investigation, but others >> um lawful process and serving 2703D orders on any entity that is related in any way financially to any of these criminal acts of violence and we are going to hold them accountable with our partners at the Department of Justice. >> Excellent. I I would love to stay a breast of that and just we must get to the bottom of it. We must follow the money. Someone is funding this discourse. Do you believe obviously there are people here um unfortunately American citizens that may be engaged in that. But do you also believe that some of this may be coming from overseas? >> Yes. >> Okay. Let's let's get to the bottom of it and let's let's make it stop. >> Yes, ma'am. >> I want to ask you about the DOS decision. So, we know that it was leaked in May of 22 and then we had the Marshall Service say uh we found nothing in January of 23. I find that absolutely mind-boggling um that we can't figure out who leaked that opinion. We know it was done in attempts to undermine the process um and then the intimidation of the justices occurred after that. tell me what you can do as FBI director to help us get to the bottom of what happened and actually hold someone accountable um for their actions. >> So, I can't speak to what the marshals did and how they conducted their investigation. I can tell you generally speaking, the FBI has taken over the investigation on the leak because it was such a detrimental leak. Um, >> so you commit to getting to the bottom of it? We will we are utilizing the full resource of the FBI as we usually do on leak investigations and we will make sure our results are public at the appropriate time. >> We we need answers. Um I I want to talk about child sexual exploitation. Uh thank you. Thank you. Thank you for making protecting our youth your top priority. We know that that is the the greatest gift that we have. Um that is our greatest treasure here in the United States is the next generation. And finally, we have an FBI director that is putting that at the top of his list. Can you tell me um the steps and the different initiatives? I've heard you talk about a couple of them. You've mentioned 764 amongst another other things. Tell me what you're doing. And specifically, I want to know about when it comes to sextortion. So, as a parent who is raising children right now, teenagers, and you're looking at what's happening, whether you know, people are uh snapping photos and then what's happening online, I have had a number of parents sit in front of me telling me terrible, heartbreaking stories about their children ultimately taking their own life because of being blackmailed. I want to know what steps are you taking to get to the bottom of that and to absolutely end this. If this were happening in a storefront, Mr. director that store would be shut down no matter where it was coast to coast and yet we continue to allow these things to happen and we've got to have a more target approach um when we're looking at this and so what are you doing uh to protect children and specifically sextortion >> so in our VCAC initiative our violent crimes against children is our umbrella enterprise um operations hub for things like operation enduring freedom and operation not forgotten and operation justice and in things like that those are producing the results that I told you about 1500 child predators arrested, 300 human traffickers arrested, 4,700 children identified and saved, a 35% increase from year to date last year alone. But on specifically on your extortion question, Senator, that is a problem that we are seeing explode on generative AI and private sector and social media companies. And what we're doing is engaging with NickMick, the National Center for Missing and Exploiting Children, because this one stat alone should probably cause great pause. They have seen a 1,325% increase in generative AI leading to sextortion and child sexual abuse. That cannot be countermanded by the FBI alone. We have embedded people at NIPMIC and have great partnership with them. But what we need to do is what we did in the month of May and we're doing it over and over again. We arrested 400 individuals in one month and one month search. These individuals have prioritized the agents and intel analysts have never left that mission. They're doing multiple missions at the same time. That's what the FBI is called upon to do day in and day out. And we won't stop doing two things at once. But we need help from social media companies. We need help from the private sector and the internet service providers that allow this generative AI to be hosted on their platforms. We have got to get a resolution on that with our partners in Congress and the private sector. >> Well, we are definitely committed to working on that. I know the people up here. Um, so you you let us know what tools you need and I know we've got several ideas um that we look forward to pushing forward. In my remaining um two minutes, I I want to talk to you about your historic results when it comes to crime. Um in particular, we've seen here in DC just a total transformation. You mentioned to your you mentioned earlier 60% down in in um in gun crime, 60 70% down in carjackings. You said 50% down in homicides to name a few. We have a success story and we appreciate President Trump's leadership on all of this. We have a success story in Alabama where the Alabama law enforcement agency so Aaliyah they just marked their one-year anniversary of the metro area crime suppression unit there in Montgomery. It is a coordinated effort with Aaliyah with our attorney general with Montgomery PD and our sheriff uh Montgomery County Sheriff's they've seen a 30% drop in violent crime and a 19% drop o in overall crime. So it is actually producing results. It's this type of inter agency connectivity um that I think ultimately is going to lead us to safer cities and safer streets. I know that you are committed to that um committed to working with your partners. You said earlier you've elevated sheriffs and police officers there to the seventh floor. Thank you for doing that. I am grateful for the men and women of Alabama in uniform that have made this happen and want to know how is the work FBI working to collaborate in these types of ways um across our country to make sure that we have even greater success stories to tell. >> Well, the collaboration's happening at our Redstone Arsenal in Alabama. Um we bring 4,000 students through our Redstone Arsenal for training every year. Um, in terms of our future plans, in the next few years, we will bring 13,000 students a year through Alabama's Redstone Arsenal. And by students, I mean FBI employees, I mean sheriffs, I mean police chiefs, I mean cops, I mean intel analysts, because that is their future gem of how we're going to train local law enforcement. And we're so thankful for the dedication of resources to that facility. and I encourage everyone to go down there and take a look because if you want to see where the FBI is going and how we're going to train the future, it's happening at Quantico and Redstone. >> We are very proud of it and thank you so much for your leadership. >> Senator Booker, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Patel, I want to start off where we left off last time. I asked you whether you had any knowledge or discussions about removing FBI officials and installing political personnel before you were confirmed to that position. And I wonder did you then understand or have conversations with the White House about the intentions to do so >> before I was confirmed? >> Yes, sir. >> Did I have discussions with the White House to remove FBI personnel? >> Yes. >> No. So, you're saying that you had no discussions with the White House before you were in the position about the removal of any personnel from the agency? As I was preparing for my confirmation hearing, I had numerous discussions involving the type of people that would be employed and that those that were failing to meet the mark at the FBI would no longer be employed if I were >> I'm assuming that mark had to do with loyalty to the Trump administration. >> No, you're wrong. >> Okay. I'd like to revisit another subject. uh from that hearing, did you did you testify, excuse me, you did testify before the grand jury uh that President Trump had declassified the documents at issue in the Mara Lago classified documents case. Is that correct? >> I don't have the grand jury transcript. That's why I released it. Whatever it says is the best evidence. >> You know, that's what you said to Senator White House that your grand jury testimony was publicly released. It has not been. In fact, in July, a court denied a news outlet's bid to get that transcript. But you said, but the court said quite clearly that you are free to discuss your grand jury testifi testimony. So I ask you again, did you testify before the grand jury that President Trump declassified the documents at issue in the Mara Lago classified document case? >> And that is why I took your invitation to work with the department in the court to have that transcript released. And the transcript is the best evidence of what I said. Then >> you're so you're saying right now this committee can have access >> to what you said before the grand jury >> to whatever was released under my understanding senator that the department of justice >> you and I both understand the law let me finish you I understand under rule six of the federal rules of procedure a grand jury witness in this case you is not barred from sharing their grand jury testimony. This is an oversight hearing. This is gerine to your integrity and credibility. You know right now whether or not you testified that President Trump declassified the documents at issue in the Mara Lago classified documents case. Why are you refusing to answer that simple yes or no question right now? >> Because the premise of your question is inaccurate. And >> there is no premise to my question but trying to get to an order of what is truth or not. How do you know how do you know what was asked in the grand jury if you weren't there? M >> Mr. Patel, >> this is a mockery you're making of this hearing and simple question. If you have during your nomination, you promised that quote all FBI employees will be protected against political retribution. When I asked you or are you aware of any plans or discussions to punish in any way, including termination FBI agents or personnel associated with the Trump administration, you explicitly said under oath that you were not aware of any plans to punish FBI agents associated with criminal investigations of Donald Trump. I don't believe you were truthful. Firing FBI employees based solely on the cases that they are investigating, their case assignments, is illegal. And you know that a new lawsuit that's been discussed numerous times filed by three FBI officials alleges that you carried out Donald Trump's campaign of retribution in quotes against FBI employees for quote failure to demonstrate sufficient political loyalty. One of those plaintiffs has been discussed today, Brian Driscoll. Now we know 20 years of distinguished service to the FBI before you terminated him. special agent in charge of FBI's Newark field office where he operated with distinction. Medal of valor winner, Shield of Bravery Awards. He's a patriot. You terminated Driscoll via a letter dated October 8th, 2025. And in that letter, you said that you were firing him pursuant to article two of the Constitution. Well, you're not the president of the United States. And so I'm wondering under what authority you were allowed to terminate him. That matter is under litigation and I'm not able to discuss it. >> Okay. Well, discuss this. Did you have discussions with Steven Miller about firing this particular person or about his continuence in the FBI? >> Not that I recall. >> How often do you speak to Steven Miller? >> Frequently on our homeland security task forces. >> You frequently talk with Steven Miller about subjects other than Homeland Security Task Force issues. Correct. I frequently talk to Mr. Miller about homeland security task forces. >> Has Steven Miller ever given you his opinions on how to run your agency? >> Mr. Miller's inter agency operations are invaluable to sex the FBI. That's what we talk about. >> So you frequently discuss your job and your responsibilities with Steven Miller and Pam Bondi, I imagine, as well. >> Absolutely. She's the attorney general. >> Understood. Okay. Donald Trump promised to make us all safer. You have pushed out senior FBI agents with decades of knowledge and experience. In fact, this is the first time in FBI history that neither the director nor the deputy director have any experience with the FBI. You've shifted the agency's priorities primarily to pursuing Donald Trump's immigration enforcement agenda. According to ICE data, the KO Institute, which is a conservative think tank, found that 25 f 20% of all agents have been diverted from their work to do assist ICE immigration enforcement. 20%. Part of this operation is the work of mass law enforcement who jump out of cars, snatch people off streets at churches, schools, and their jobs and hospitals. Have there been any FBI agents who investigate crimes against children that have been assigned to immigration enforcement? Yes or no? >> The premise of what you say is entire >> Have there been any FBI agents to investigate foreign domestic terrorism? >> You don't get to say the America is not safer under this leadership. America is safer because of the work of the FBI. >> You're making a presumption of pre of >> 3,700 children. We have seized 6,000 weapons and thousand violent felons have FBI agents who investigate human trafficking have been reassigned to immigration enforcement. You are not denying that FBI agents who are on the task force that fight against Russian oligarchs have not been reassigned. Public corruption squad reassigned people who defend us defend children reassigned. You're not denying that. I've seen time and time again attack my colleagues premises of questions as a way to not answer the question. So let me end with this. >> I believe you have made our country weaker and less safe. I believe that we are more vulnerable to a major event and I pray to God it doesn't happen. You've gutted the Bureau of Institutional Knowledge and Expertise. You fired or pushed out seasoned FBI officials, many with more than 20 years of experience, and were working on cases that were critical. You've been p purging thousands of serious law enforcement officials who spent their careers keeping us safe only to lower hiring standards in order to find anyone to replace them. And shockingly, you admitted in this hearing to Senator Coons that it would take 14 years to fill the vacancies at your agency. Many are the result of your purge. 20% of FBI agents are doing low-level immigration enforcement instead of their mission critical work. You've disbanded entire task forces that stop intellect intellection interference, foreign influence, public corruption. And who benefits from this? Well, corrupt people benefit from it. Criminals benefit from it. Vladimir Putin benefits from it. And it really makes me wonder who you're looking out for. It makes me think we can't trust you as a nation. You swear to release the Epstein files, but now you're withholding the Epstein files. You claim that you have a suspect in a serious assassination. Whoops. Then you don't have a suspect. You know nothing about plans to remove FBI agents, yet you're directly involved in those plans. In the words of an ex FBI official, you are overseeing and I quote, generational destruction of the nation's premier law enforcement agency. Mr. Patel, in just eight months, you have assaulted the institutional integrity of the FBI. But I know FBI field agents. I've worked with them in Newark. No matter how truly bad you are, you can't undermine the legacy of agents who fight every day to keep us safe. But you can tarnish the integrity of the agency and undermine the agency's capacity. I believe you're failing failing as a leader and that your failure does have serious implications for the safety and security of Americans and our families. We're more vulnerable to domestic and foreign attack because of your failures of leadership. I don't think you're fit to hand the bureau. But here's the thing, Mr. Patel. I think you're not going to be around long. I think this might be your last oversight hearing because as much as you supplicate yourself to the will of Donald Trump and not the Constitution of the United States of America, Donald Trump has shown us in his first term and in this term, he is not loyal to people like you. He will cut you loose. This may be the last time I have a hearing with you because I don't think you're long for your job, but I'm going to tell you this. I pray for you. I pray for you that you can step up and defend your oath, defend the Constitution, and do a much better job of defending this country. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. >> Do you want to say anything? >> Yes, sir. >> That rant of false information does not bring this country together. If you want to work on bringing this country, it's my time, not yours. >> My god. My god. You want to talk about dividing this country. I follow you on your social media posts that tear this country apart. Oh, you can try all you want in this country to not take responsibility for what you have said, sir. You're democracy of this committee. Sir, you don't tell me my time is over. The people of New Jersey tell me what my time is. You can't lecture me. You may be the charging. I'm not going anywhere, but I am not afraid of you. >> Mr. Chairman, >> not afraid of you, >> Mr. Chairman. Point of order. >> Senator Booker, I announced at the beginning of this meeting that this back and forth talking over each other doesn't work. And I said if that happened, I asked Patel not to respond. And I was going to give him some time after the senator's time was up to respond. And that's he he has the privilege to do that uninterrupted. Mr. Chairman, one point. Go ahead, Mr. >> I've watched him talk over us and you've never once criticized him for us not even be able to get our questions out. >> Well, he has been rude and disrespectful to senator after senator. >> And when the senators were not giving him a chance to answer, I didn't stop the senator either. >> Go ahead, Senator. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. If the FBI under my seven-month leadership were failing this administration in this country, why do we have 23,000 violent felons arrested this year alone? A 200, excuse me, a double increase from that time last year. Why is it that we have seized 6,000 weapons? Why have we found 1500 child predators and arrest them? Why have we have 300 human traffickers in jail? Why have we found and identified 4,700 children? Why have we seen 1,600 kilograms of fentinol in in enough to kill a third of the American public? A 25% increase alone from last year, 88,000 kg of cocaine seized, 700 kg of meth seiz. And that's just on our criminal operations in summer heat. How is it possible that we're taking 8 kg off the streets of the cities in New Jersey and preventing the deaths of 607,000 people this year alone? A failure of the FBI and my leadership. How is it that we have counter intelligence arrests already this year exceeding the numbers from the entirety of last year? 33% increase in PRC, 83% in Russia, 60% in the CI space as it relates to Iran. And we haven't even talked about CT, the southern border, the northern border. >> Before Senator Cruz, I kind of feel like a broken record today. all this interest in FBI termination. Yet my colleague showed no intent uh or interest in uh when I uh my whistleblower suffered retaliation over the past years, particularly the past four years. Indeed, one whistleblower has alleged that Brian Driscoll's insubordination, whether an ass uh uh whether an agent is on a hot button case or not, they ought to be held accountable for misconduct and weaponization. Senator Cruz. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You know, I have to say it used to be that to see theater you had to go to the Kennedy Center. Uh now apparently you need only go to the Senate Judiciary Committee uh and see our Senate Democrats berating the director of the FBI, which okay, it's not partisan politics is not new in the United States Congress. But what is remarkable is is what Senator Booker was berating Director Patel about. He wasn't berating him for failing to do his job, but rather he was furious for Director Patel for successfully doing his job. For four years, the Democrats under Joe Biden had an open border that undermined the safety of every single American. They allowed 12 million illegal aliens to come into this country to invade this country. And every single day, Americans were murdered. Women were raped. children were assaulted by violent criminals that Democrats released. Now, Director Patel, I found Senator Booker's questioning really bizarre. He asked you, "Have you reassigned FBI agents from human trafficking to immigration issues?" Director Patel, are the Mexican cartels that are bringing people illegally into this country engaged in human trafficking? >> Yes, sir. What the hell does it mean to reassign someone from human trafficking to immigration? The greatest human trafficking that the in the world has been over the last four years at our southern border. It is modernday slavery that the Democrats still defend. They still defend those open borders. Mr. Patelli also said, "Did you reassign FBI agents from protecting children to immigration?" How many children have you found that were victimized by the open borders of the previous administration? >> 4,700. >> 4,700. And yet, oddly, I don't hear a Democrat here saying, "Gosh, thanks for protecting those kids." >> 35% increase year-to- date last year. All right, I want to shift topics and I want to shift topics to what happened last week. Charlie Kirk was assassinated. He was assassinated because of his political views. We're living in a time of enormous division and tragically hatred. and hatred that manifested in evil that we saw last week. Now, the FBI, working in concert with state and local law enforcement, apprehended what appears to be, in all likelihood the murderer, and you did so in just 33 hours. So, I want to start by just congratulating you and the FBI agents and state and local law enforcement for successfully apprehending the murderer in in less than a day and a half. In the wake of that assassination, we have seen far too many people on the left celebrating the assassination. We've seen Democrats, we've seen activists cheering it on. We've seen tragically teachers, teachers in high schools, teachers in elementary schools, university professors cheering on the murder of Charlie Kirk. You and I both knew Charlie well. He was a good friend. He was an extraordinary man. And I will say there's a great deal of discussion about what to do about it. Under our Constitution, under the Bill of Rights, the First Amendment, speech is protected. And that's true even for vile speech. Someone can stand up and say the most hateful thing and it's protected by the First Amendment. Nazis and clansmen can march in the street and even though their speech is bigoted and horrible and racist, the first amendment protects it. Conduct, however, is not protected by the First Amendment. Particularly conduct that is violent. Violent conduct that is threatening others, that is harassing others, that is injuring or in this case murdering others, is most assuredly not protected by the First Amendment. And so I would encourage you in the FBI to focus on conduct. Now, speech can direct speech can guide you to those engaged in conduct. And I will say one question that I have and many have and I recognize this is an ongoing investigation so I don't want you to say anything that would compromise the investigation but what can you tell us at this point uh about what evidence there exists of other individuals who may have had prior knowledge of this assassin's plans to murder Charlie Kirk on September 10th. Generally speaking, we've interviewed numerous people, um, family members and friends, um, including the partner to provide us with, uh, detailed history of the knowledge he may have had, the suspect may have had prior to. We are still mapping out who, if anyone was involved as an accomplice. As I said, the investigation is ongoing. We're also speaking to and going to interview numerous individuals online who were part of a chat group that was involved in this um anus assassination. And we're also going to work with our state and local partners out in Utah to find out what community organizations, if any, participated or had any foreign knowledge of this information, but it's very much ongoing. I remind everybody that uh it's not even been a week since um Charlie's tragic uh death. >> Is it accurate? It's been widely reported that the assassin's roommate was a transgender man who was transitioning to be female. And it's also been reported that they may have been romantic partners. Is that accurate? >> Yes, Senator. >> Uh, and I assume the FBI is investigating. It has also been reported that there were uh transgender chat rooms that may have had some awareness of the plan to commit this murder. Is is that accurate as well? >> I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question? >> It's been reported that there were chat rooms of of transgender activists that indicated some degree of potentially of fornowledge of of this murder. >> We're still developing that. Do you have any information the bullet casings had on them both Antifa and LGBT wording on them? Do you have any indication of the source of those engravings and what inspired them? >> As to the actual source, we're still developing that. Uh I want to encourage you in the course of this investigation absolutely go after anyone who aided and abetted. But I want to more broadly encourage you follow the money. The violence we are seeing is not purely organic. There is, I believe, significant money that is spreading dissension that is spreading violence. Antifa, do you believe Antifa is a terrorist organization? >> I believe Antifa is associated with a lot of violence in this country as to its designation. I'll leave that to the appropriate authorities. >> So, I would encourage the administration to designate Antifa as a terrorist organization to go systematically after Antifa. They've committed acts of violence all over the country and the shell casings have multiple references to slogans that Antifa has popularized. I believe there is considerable money funding it. I would note that I've introduced legislation called the stop funders act. Stop funders act would add rioting to the list of predicate offenses under RICO. I believe the money should be f should be tracked and prosecuted under RICO and both the Antifa and Black Lives Matter riots of a couple of years ago and the pro-open border riots in Los Angeles and other cities of this past year. I believe there was significant money behind those riots. I'm not the only person who noticed at the anti-semitic protest and violent protests on college campuses that many of the tents all matched. And so I would ask, would it aid your ability to prosecute these matters if Congress passed into law the Stop Funders Act and if rioting was added to to the list of predicate offenses for RICO? >> Yes. Talk to me about the efforts of the FBI to go after the funders of the anti-Semitic protests on college campuses, the pro- open border protests in in cities and and potential LGBT violence. Talk to me about the efforts to go after the money of those who are funding and promoting violence. >> As I've always said, Senator, money doesn't lie and we've been following the money. And so that's what we're doing, issuing lawful process to organizations involved with criminal activity because the money's got to come from somewhere and it has to be funded somehow. So we have extensive investigations ongoing into numerous organizations that are related to violent criminal activity. >> Cutting off the money will make America much safer and that is the core job of the FBI and I thank you for doing your job. >> Senator Padilla. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Uh Mr. Chairman, uh, glad to, uh, be on this committee and take our responsibility seriously to conduct oversight of the FBI, obviously one of the most critical law enforcement agencies in the country. Uh, as uh Senator Kolachar and others on this committee have reminded us, the last several months have provided far too many uh reminders of the political violence crisis in America today and the gun violence crisis in America today, including uh the tragic killing just last week. Director Patel, this committee takes seriously its uh not just oversight role, but recognizing the FBI's important role in protecting the public from gun violence while respecting constitutional rights. If you recall, this was a significant subject area of my questioning during your confirmation hearing. The bureau plays a central role in enforcing federal firearm laws, ensuring the accuracy of background checks, and monitoring trends like machine gun conversion devices and lost or stolen firearms. Now, during your confirmation hearing, you pledged that the FBI would enforce firearm laws fully and fairly, consistent with the Second Amendment. Yet we continue to see a sharp rise in lost and stolen firearms reported by federal lences. Can you point to any measurable enforcement results like arrests, not just arrests, but also prosecutions or task force expansions since you became director? >> I'll get those to you, Senator. >> Nothing you can share here today? >> No, I'll get the full list to you. You came unprepared today to respond to questions which you knew were important going back to your confirmation hearing. Now, the bureau has warned about the public safety threat posed by machine gun conversion devices which convert semi-automatic weapons to automatic ones. Can you at least reference what resources you're dedicating to this threat? >> Absolutely, Senator. Um, part of tracking ghost guns, as you alluded to, um, is having a sustainable database, which is hubbed out of our sieges division in West Virginia. And we've allocated more resources so that FFLs can track and trace firearms that are stolen and make sure they don't get into the population. Um, that's one of my primary concerns that we don't want stolen weapons anywhere near anything. >> The numbers continue to go up as reported by federal licences. Let me get to my next question on this topic. You previously stated that you hadn't reviewed Fix Nix, a federal law that improves reporting to the national criminal background check system. Eight months into your job, what concrete steps have you taken to ensure that Nick's records are complete, accurate, and timely? >> That's actually a great question that we have dedicated a lot of resources to again at Sieges. The NYX system has been trying to get to 100% within 15 minutes. We are currently at 93% um with 87% of those being responsive in less than 60 seconds. So we got more work. >> You think additional resources would be helpful in getting to 100% or do you still argue that less resources are necessary to get from 93 to 100? >> No, I just think we have to um work on how fast our actual infrastructure processes these things. >> Uh on to a a question about resources. The FBI's core mission is to counter terrorism, espionage, and major criminal threats. Now, recent large-scale reassignments to immigration enforcement or politically motivated investigations caused me uh concerns that other critical missions are being neglected. One example, in March of this year, you created a Tesla related task force and diverted personnel from the domestic terrorism operations section to work on that task force. What risk analysis justified that decision? And do you still consider domestic violent terrorism to be a lower priority? >> Any form of terrorism, domestic or international, is the highest priority at the FBI. And when you >> divert resources away from those missions, >> I don't believe that's accurate. We did not divert resources away. When cars were exploding and people were being set on fire, I directed resources to address it. I'll suggest uh in your followup and we can make this more explicit our questions for the record that you provide the accurate information about the diversion of resources because uh again when I understand that you authorize large-scale agent reassignments from counter intelligence and cyber crime to not just immigration cases but others it has an impact on other priorities like nation state threats and ransomware investigations. Uh, moving on to a different subject area. Safeguarding our elections is a core FBI responsibility. The public needs confidence that election security work is driven by facts and free from political influence. Mr. Director, do you agree with Attorney General Bondi's decision to disband the FBI foreign influence task force? The disbanding of that task force did not in any way reallocate or take away resources from that critical mission set. >> So then how are you mitigating the risk of foreign actors interfering in US elections heading in >> as I've highlighted through our cyber programs which have seen a 40 50 60% increase in arrests for cyber threat actors looking to not just harm our critical infrastructure systems but also interfere in our elections. We've had multiple arrests this years of individuals who are interfering in that process. >> Did the Department of Justice's election integrity task force seek statewide voterless and driver's license data? >> I can't speak for the Department of Justice. >> You're a member of the Department of Justice. The FBI play a role in those requests. >> Whatever request that uh we had pursuant to the department's direction were provided. >> So then you can speak for the FBI those actions >> for the FBI. So you can speak to those actions >> for the FBI. >> So what role did you play in those requests? >> Whatever requests we get from the department, I don't have those details in front of me. We provide whatever requests they have. >> Have not many details in front of you on a lot of the questions coming from this side of the aisle. So I do hope that there are substantive and accurate uh responses to our questions in writing. Um in my uh time left, Mr. Chairman, I just want to call out a couple of observations. Uh the director before us has uh tried to explain, I won't say explain, tried to explain how he doesn't need another $500 million to do uh the job. And specifically, that even if the FBI had an additional $500 million, it would take years, I think he referenced 14 years to fill the vacancies. but in the meantime relying on partnership with local law enforcement to fulfill the mission of the bureau as we've discussed in other hearings and in other committees. By the way, uh given this immigration infor uh mass deportation agenda of the administration, the FBI is not the only one leaning on lo local law enforcement to do the job. ICE has made it clear that they're doing the same. Other law enforcement agencies within DHS is doing the same. So much so that ISIS's recruitment because they're not only not advocating for cuts, they're actually requesting additional dollars and have issues of policy with them. But if I's uh plan to do the job is not just hiring up significantly, they don't seem to have that as a concern, but the FBI does. Both ICE and the FBI are citing partnerships with local law enforcement, which look, partnership and engagement is great, but having come from local law enforcement at the outset of my public service career, I also know that capacity and resources at the local level are strained, particularly in times like this. And when I is going on a hiring spree and you have local law enforcement agencies worried about their ability to recruit and retain local law enforcement officers and not losing them to the federal government, then our reliance on those local law enforcement agencies is a perilous strategy to take and could undermine local law enforcement's ability to address crime at the local level. whether it's white collar crime, organized retail theft, violent crime, etc., etc., etc. And in my final minute, I will also suggest this. Uh, Director Patel has referenced earlier in the hearing that one of the most significant value addeds of partnering with local law enforcement is that they have the best intelligent, they are the best intelligent source. Is that correct? >> For on the ground. Yet when local law enforcement is put in a perilous position of uh being in a role with this mass deportation agenda which is consistently overreached, has been found to violate the law and the constitution and has undermined public confidence in law enforcement. Not just by immigrants, by the way, but especially immigrants. When immigrants are victims of crime and are afraid to come forward because they don't know what law enforcement is going to do with their information or not. When immigrants legal or undocumented are witnesses to crime and are afraid to come forward with that information because they don't know what's going to happen. the credibility of law enforcement with community and undermines the intelligence director Patel that you say are the best source of intelligence when it comes to law enforcement. So it's shaky, it's worrisome uh and in my opinion overall you are failing to live up to uh the role and responsibility that you have uh been confirmed to and I associate with myself with everything Senator Booker said earlier. Thank you, Mr. Okay, before we go to Senator Blackburn, without objection, I want to introduce into the record a recently declassified document thanks to Director Patel. The document is a Ray Director Ray FBI analysis of Nelly Or's false statements to the Congress or never suffered consequences for advancing the phony Trump Russia narrative and attempting to cover up her involvement in the hoax with false statements. Yet time and again, the American justice system has been weaponized against President Trump and his associates, such as Peter Navaro, with reckless abandon. The DOJ's inaction on Nelly Or's criminal referral, despite the obvious incriminating evidence provided in the FBI's own analysis, undermines public trust and the rule of law, thanks to Director Ray's utter failure. says the Viper. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Director Patel. Thank you ever so much for being with us today. And I want to thank you for your commitment to fight violent crime in Memphis. And when you first came to meet with me before your hearing here, I gave you the stats on Memphis, Tennessee, and their crime rates. And then you committed then and again at your confirmation to help us. You have been true to your word and we are very very grateful. Um Operation Viper has been such a success. The 500 arrest are important. These are gang members and gang leaders out of Memphis, Tennessee. There are over a hundred gangs in Memphis. So the impact of these arrests, the impact of 100 indictments of these gang members, and now we have a US attorney's office that will actually prosecute violent crimes and actually take up and prosecute federal gun crimes. This is helping to make Memphis safe again. and yesterday at the White House to have the president announce the second phase of this with bringing in the guard and we've got ATF and DEA and the US Marshalss and Homeland Security and the work that you and General Bondi and the president have have done is so appreciated by the people of Memphis, Shelby County, West Tennessee, and I am ever so grateful for the work you've done. You know, one of the things as we talk about Memphis and what a vibrant and wonderful historic city it is, it's important to realize Memphis is one of the logistics hubs in our country. You have I40, which goes east coast to west coast. You have the Port of Memphis, you have FedEx, you have all five class A railroads that are there as well as so many companies that are important to Memphis. And I have found it so interesting that some of my colleagues want to complain about agents being taken out of the DC office and actually put to work in the field because they've been needed in the field. And you can look at the stats from Operation Viper and see the difference that they have made. And we so appreciate that. I do want to drill down just a little bit on the issue of cargo theft which ties into the logistics hub in Memphis. We've got a lot of companies that go through there. Um IMC is a big logistics company. People in Memphis know what it takes to keep America moving. But what a lot of people may not realize is that many of these criminal gangs have been focused on cargo theft. This is how they pay for their activities. So in addition to the carjackings and the home robberies and the smash and grabs and some of the human and sex trafficking, they've gotten into cargo theft. And cargo theft in Memphis has increased over 5,000%. 5,000%. That's what you saw with a Biden administration who wouldn't drill down on this. So having these agents out in the field, having an inter agency approach is something that is going to help us with getting our hands around this cargo theft. So talk for just a minute about what your team has done there and the importance of having that inter agency approach. >> Absolutely, Senator. So, Operation Viper nest under Operation Summer Heat. And in multiple cities and mid- major cities across the country, we have surging resources based on crime and Memphis, as you know, Senator, had the highest per capita homicide in the rate in the country. And that was simply unacceptable. And so, what we did was what we call phase 01 of operations at the president's direction. We went into some of these cities quietly to collect the intelligence that was necessary to start these operations to start seizing these firearms which we seized I think over 115 firearms off the streets to start taking narcotics off the streets and also to infiltrate the gang network this criminal street gang network that is providing these guns and drugs to the public in these communities allowing for these shootings. And so what the FBI is good at, what the FBI is great at is other cities across the country to start the work because you can't do the work um on a dartboard basis. You need ground level intelligence. And that's what we do working with our state and local law enforcement. And the results I think they said over 100 indictments federally just in this three, four month surge. And now we're going to go in there with more resources to finish it. >> And we are grateful for that. And I think it's so important for my colleagues. Uh what we have seen in Memphis, you mentioned something very important. Your agents go in and they go in quietly. There was there was no press conference. There was no fanfare. You went in there to work. And very importantly, you gathered the intel. Who are these gang leaders? Where are they figuring out who was doing what and then setting up the process to apprehend these these individuals and it requires infiltrating those networks and having that data to work from so that you are working in partnership and as I have talked with elected leaders in Shelby County and Memphis as we have talked with um those in law enforcement, they have been so grateful to have this support and this additional education that comes because local police are learning from your agents when they are learning how to track these gangs and infiltrate these networks. We know that phase two of this operation is going to um kick off. The guard is going to be there to support the Memphis Police Department to help them kind of catch up because they still have a lot of people on their board. They know who they are, where they are, what they're doing. They want to apprehend them and bring them forward. So talk a little bit about how phase two is going to continue to work to support the law enforcement efforts in Memphis. Well, just like what happened here in Washington DC, it takes a whole of government inter agency approach where we're working with uh the attorney general, the DEA, the ATF, the US Marshalss, Department of Homeland Security because each one of those agencies has specialized capabilities and when we surge together to u work off of the ground level intelligence was collected. You see what happened in Washington DC here and that's the next phase of it because you are able to utilize the National Guard to set up border perimeter operations. So when you go into an area, you have the secure workspace to get in there and stay in there. The key here, Senator, is sustained criminal um um investigations and sustained prosecutions that clear Memphis like we did Washington permanently and leave behind a blueprint for what local law enforcement can do with our federal partners to sustain that. We don't want to go backwards and that's critical, but we're in the next step. Sustaining it will be the last one. >> Well, and we certainly appreciate that. I do want to touch on Operation Restore Justice and Senator Britt mentioned some of this very briefly and I know that you and Ag Bondi have done a tremendous amount of work in protecting children. I appreciate that. And we passed my report act last year and the president, President Biden signed it. And this does require social media to report to Nick Mick so that they we can have these perpetrators followed up with and apprehended. Uh that's a good start. We're still trying to get the Kids Online Safety Act passed. That has been a bipartisan effort. We have looked with disdain at what has happened with Discord and Charlie Kirk's killer, alleged killer. Um, talk for a moment about what else Congress ought to do in order to give you all the toolbox you need to apprehend these predators and pedophiles. >> Well, I think we need to go after the uh monetary backbone of this infrastructure like we discussed earlier. I think we also need to make parents across the country h aware of how invasive some of these social media sites are and how much criminal enterprise is going on and how easily these kids can be sucked into it. And also the only way in my opinion to do that is as Senator Clolobachar and I believe uh Senator uh Graham had stated was you know we need to work on section 230. It's just too it's been too long since we've addressed it. Nobody's being held accountable. They're making money and our youth is dying and that's just unacceptable. >> Well, we have that reform bill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. >> Thank you, Senator Welch. >> Uh, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And just at the outset, I just want to say what I think all of us believe, and that is that the political violence that is so afflicting our country, it doesn't matter whether it's on from the right or the left, I mean, all of us have an obligation to fiercely advocate for our point of view. All of us have an obligation to respect people with whom we disagree. Uh the folks we disagree with are our opponents. Uh but they're not our enemies. Uh and I uh I I hope all of us uh keep that in mind and do the best we can to set that example. Um I want to congratulate the FBI. I want to congratulate the Utah state and local law enforcement uh for the very good work that it did uh in apprehending uh the violent asalent of Charlie Kirk and that is a terrible terrible tragedy. Um Director Patel at one point you made an announcement that uh the suspect was in custody. We got our man. It turned out that was not true. In fact, I think that was about 27 hours before the uh personnel in custody was apprehended. Uh why did you make that statement? Thank you, Senator. Appreciate you letting me address this. Um what the FBI does is not just locate and find sub suspects, but we also participate in eliminating subjects. And what we had at the time was a subject in custody in relation to this investigation. So, in my commitment to work with the public to help identify subjects and suspects, I put that information out. And then when we interviewed him, I put out the results of that. And could I have been more careful in my verbiage and included an a subject instead of subject? Sure. In the heat of the moment, but I was doing the best I could. In all cander, I I don't quite get that because if we have our man, that would suggest to the public that everybody uh can rest and relax and not then continue to provide information to local law enforcement and to you. So, that was a mistake. >> I don't see it as a mistake. I see it as something working with the public to identify that there was a subject. >> If you put out a statement that says we've got our man and in fact it turns out that you didn't have your man, that's not a mistake. But that's not what I said. >> Well, I'll go on. That's my understanding. A second thing that is really important in the FBI, but it's important in every agency, is that the folks who are doing good work get supported for the work they're doing. And a number of highly successful FBI agents have been let go. And I want to just ask you a little bit about that. You know who Brian Driscoll is, right? Yes. >> Yeah. Okay. And my understanding is he served at the FBI for over 18 years. You agree? >> I believe that's accurate. >> Special agent in charge of the Newark office. He was commander of the FBI's hostage rescue team. That's a very prestigious and responsible position. Correct. >> It is. >> Uh section chief of the critical incident response groups tactical section. You've got to be pretty pretty good to get that high responsibility. You agree with that? >> Yes, sir. >> He oversaw 55 SWAT teams and they're like the elite of the elite, right? They they they they go in uh to the dangerous situations, right? He got a medal of valor for his participation in a raid on ISIS terrorist Abu Sai uh who had kidnapped American citizens Kyla Mueller. Right. Mueller. Is that right? >> I know. >> You're You're in agreement, right? >> I know Kayla Mueller's family. Yes. I know this. >> Okay. And he uh we got Kurt Meyer, somebody who had barricaded himself after in a bar after he killed four uh people and wounded two. And uh Driscoll was part of the team that went in there and took that guy out. Right. >> I don't have all the details, but I'll take your word for it, Senator. Um, and he got into trouble when acting when email demanded a list of FBI agents who investigated January 6 and was apprehensive that what did happen ultimately would happen and that is those folks would get fired. I mean, do you agree with me that a boss who stands up for his subordinates when they did the job that was asked of them is a standup person and somebody to be admired? >> Generally speaking, yes, sir. >> Pardon me. >> Generally speaking, yes, sir. >> But Driscoll got fired, right? >> Again, that matter is under litigation and the matter you referenced occurred before I was director. >> Let's just keep it fairly narrow here. He's fired, right? >> Yes. He was terminated. >> And he has to be there. Somebody communicates to him that he's terminated. Correct. >> That's my job. >> That's your job. So, you communicated to him that he was fired? >> I did. >> So, you know, I have a hard time with this because that record suggests to me that this person is like worthy of consideration for the Presidential Medal of Freedom and he got fired. But there's also a record of other information that was available and now that this matter is pending litigation, we will get that out in due course. But as you can >> soal, so you've got quote other information that you see as a valid basis to fire somebody who from what I can tell had an absolutely outstanding record and who crossed the threshold of getting in trouble because he was standing up for agents serving under him who did work that was assigned to them that happened to be related to the January 6 uprising. >> Again, you're correlating based on your information the reasons for his termination. And I'm telling you, >> that's right. Let me ask you another question. You know, uh, when you were here, you were rightly uh, critical, not here actually, I guess it was on Cash's Corner. You were rightly critical of the way that the previous FBI director used the p the uh, the FBI jet. Uh, and you said you wanted to ground Chris Ray's private jet travel that he pays for with taxpayer dollars to hop around the country. Um, let me ask you this. You know, on the weekend of, according to flight tracker data, on the weekend of March 7th, an FBI plane flew round trip from DC to Las Vegas and you attended a UFC flight uh with Mill Gibson. And I'll show you that. Is that you? And is that true? >> Yeah. You want to know the difference? I live in Las Vegas. I'm allowed to go home. I didn't leave a congressional hearing early on an FBI jet to dodge questions. >> All right. Then on April 5th, you attended a hockey game in New York City. You don't live there, right? >> No, I don't. >> By the way, everyday FBI agents who are signed in Washington don't get to fly home on a private jet. >> Well, this is a great point. Do you know why I have to use a private jet? Because Congress made it mandatory. >> Okay. in April 5th. Well, we didn't make it mandatory that you go to UFC games with Milt Gibson. >> Are you telling me I can't go home? >> You know, you got to use some judgment here. >> So, when I'm at home, I can't do what I'm doing. When I go home, everybody else is allowed to go home. >> Keep going. No, I'm glad you go home. I love to go home, >> but I don't go home on a private jet. On April 5th, >> they're not mandated to do so. You attended a hockey game in New York City with Wayne Gretzky and Flight Tracker says the FBI jet took you to and from New York City where you don't live, right? >> That's correct. >> And on April 12th, on the following weekend, you attended a UFC flight uh a fight in Miami uh also on the FBI jet, right? >> That's correct. >> So, what's the cost to the taxpayer for those three flights? Well, I pay the commercial equivalent per the lower eggs in the law. And so, just so you know, when you are comparing me to prior directors, >> I asked what the cost was and you don't know. I take it. >> Yeah. And what I've done with the with the use of the private jet is use Andrews Air Force Base versus Reagan National as what the other directors have done >> to save the taxpayer dollars. >> Bottom line here, you flew home to the Las Vegas. There's nobody else in the FBI who gets paid. They they don't they have to pay their own way if they want to go home, right? I mean, one of the Right. >> Well, that's not accurate. Depending on where you're stationed, the FBI covers the bill to get home. >> So, are you telling me that FBI agents who are signed in Washington, but who may live in Charlotte, they get paid by the FBI? >> Sometimes they do. Yes. >> Right. >> Another thing I want to say is this. You know, our local law enforcement has been stiffed. About $500 million in COP grants have been taken out of the budget. Those really help us in Burlington. They help us in Rutland. They really are important. And why in the world would we be cutting those cop grants when we need that local law enforcement in part to partner with you? >> Well, I think support that. I think you're speaking to the Department of Justice grants, which I don't adjudicate, but also Vermont, just like every other state, has received a plusup of FBI personnel. >> Well, I'll tell you that's not what we're seeing. The other thing, my understanding is that there's a requisition or an effort to get another plane for the FBI that would cost about $72 million. Is that right? >> That's u that's inaccurate. the FBI because the jet as you call it is my not my jet. We use it for operational needs. We use it for FTOX. We use it for HRT. >> That's that's the one you you fly. >> We have multiple fixedwing assets and one of them is on a wildly expensive lease that I deemed a waste of money and I'm looking for a replacement in which the government can procure assets permanently. Well, what I would welcome you submitting to this committee the cost information about the jets that are under consideration and according to our research, the specifications that are included in this request would result in an expenditure of between 72 million and $80 million. >> That's inaccurate, but I'll happily get you the right numbers. >> I'd welcome getting the specific information. Absolutely. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back. on, but I'll get I can get closer. Um, Comey became FBI director 2013 and then something like when I became ranking member in the middle of a congress uh or I was ranking member Comey needed an excuse to come to De Mo Iowa someplace in Iowa for a family reunion. He wanted to meet with me in Wateroo Iowa. think nothing more than as an excuse to say he did something official on that trip. Now I can't accuse him of that because I don't know but I can't recall that we we discussed anything very serious that had to be me meet him in Waterl or Cedar Rapids at the airport before he went to the union. And then two or three years ago, Ry was sitting where you were and we had two Republicans wanted to have second round of questioning and it would have taken about 10 minutes and he refused to because he got on this airplane that you're talking about going to the aderondex. So I find interesting that my Democratic colleagues to see seem to bring up about your use of the Justice Department planes. Yet my Democratic colleagues didn't seem too interested about my oversight of Ray's use of the plane. I didn't hear a peep. So my Democratic colleagues need to be consistent. >> Can I just add, Mr. chairman that uh when you compare the flight logs and the percentage of of work travel to personal travel for the prior two FBI directors over a third of their travel was personal on those same jets that I'm being accused of improperly utilizing. My mark is far less than that. Also, both of those directors use dull use Reagan National Airport which has landing fees of 5 to$10,000 because they didn't want to drive 25 minutes to Andrews. We take off and land in Andrews every single time because it's cheaper and we do so because it saves the taxpayer dollars. Those are the things we are doing to make sure we are good stewards of taxpayer dollars. And also any new acquisition of an airline or fixedwing asset for the FBI will specifically meet the needs of the demands of the foreign ft operations and hostage rescue operations and our critical infrastructure programs. >> Senator Moody, >> thank you chairman. Appreciate it. >> You're you're very patient. I'm I am very patient. You're very patient. I'm new here to the Senate and I watch what you have to to go through as chairman and we thank you. A lot of what we're talking about today uh and you've been questioned about was uncovered because of our chairman and his service to this committee and I want to thank him because he's uncovered a lot especially during the last administration where many of our federal agencies uh went far off their mission. uh and I believe we wouldn't have as much information as we do if it wasn't for our esteemed chairman. So, I wanted to publicly thank him. And being the newest member of judiciary, uh, I am so grateful to be here because sometimes I'm wondering if some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't know what they're talking about or if they're ill-intentioned and purposefully trying to gaslight not just the American public, but other people in law enforcement and agencies that that you're working with. So, as a former attorney general, as a former federal prosecutor, as a former judge, as the wife of a law enforcement officer, both federal and state, over the course of his career, I would like to clarify a few things and give you the opportunity to highlight some of the things that the FBI is doing. And two of the things I heard thrown out there and and by the way it was when some some of my colleagues would breeze in just in time to rail on you and spout out misinformation uh and narratives that have no grounding in reality to criminal justice uh and then breezed right out as soon as they were done. And I think that it does the American public more good when the oversight function of Congress allows for you to comment in a way that makes sense and is grounded in reality. So let's first talk about the reason why we are having to reassign not just in the FBI but in other agencies, criminal justice agencies, federal agents to accomplish different things as has been done historically throughout our country. When we get into office, we have to examine uh and triage the threats facing this nation, threats facing Americans, and then allocate resources accordingly. I guess you are to be uh judged negatively because you are trying to reallocate the resources of the FBI to fix what the Democratic administration prior to this under Biden broke. So let's talk about the reassignment of federal agents and why that has been necessary. Would you say that the majority of assignments has been made because we are facing unprecedented levels of violence both because of the unvetted surge of anywhere from 11 million to 20 million people across our border in the last four years. And because of the woke, weak, insane policies that have been pushed into states and cities around this nation by the left. >> Absolutely. >> And so I hear you being grilled because you have rightfully pushed resources where they needed to go to a to protect the American public. And I have heard you questioned that you are in some way and I'm going to use their words which I don't believe is grounded in reality that you are going to lean on local and state agents to do the job of the FBI. Might it be reccharacterized more accurately in that you are partnering with local and state agent agencies in these areas especially where these policies that the Democrats support wholeheartedly. In fact, they frustrate our efforts to try and beef up our laws with good criminal justice policies at every turn and then come in here and get on you for by the way, you've been here seven months. So, I know that in the seven months you didn't break it. they broke it over the last four years. But it isn't more accurate to say that you are using the federal government and its agencies or its agents and its resources to supplement and amplify law enforcement efforts in these areas, cities and states where the Democrat policies broke them. >> We are, it's been an integral part of my tenure to use local and state partnerships. I say it everywhere I go. We cannot do the work without partnering with state and local authorities in every single state in every single county in this country. And why we pushed out to the field is simple mathematics. While the FBI had a bloated bureaucracy in Washington DC, nearly onethird of the FBI's workforce lived and worked in the national capital region. One-third of the crime doesn't happen here. So I made the simple decision to move them out. to move them out where the crime was happening in the field, to move out field agents, to move out intel analysts, to move out program managers. And by the way, that's what they all want to do. Go out in the field and do the work. And no one's going to be punished for going out in the field and doing the work. And no one's going to be punished for wanting to stay at headquarters and help. But we needed a reallocation of assets, and that's what we did. And from your experience both before and now in office, have you found that many of these nonprofits have done work to undermine the stability and security of cities. >> Those matters are very much ongoing and hopefully we can report the results soon. >> And I don't mean just those that may have aided and emedded or supported criminal acts. Those absolutely should be investigated and pursued fullest extent of the law and I hope that we follow the money trail as some of my colleagues have suggested. I also want to get your opinion about the nonprofits that are uh working to uh push get elected and then push criminal justice policies that have made our cities and states less safe. Specifically, I'm going to push out all of the things that they espouse. Make the city stronger. No cash bail. Try not to charge crimes. Don't call people offenders or felons or rapists or drug traffickers. I can go on and on and on. But the gist is don't charge. When you do charge, charge as minimally as you can. Don't put people on parole or probation following incarceration. Diversion should be the rule. I mean, I can go on and on. And we're seeing these play out in cities across our nation. I am one who believes it is always important to look at how we can do things better in our criminal justice system. But what has happened is some of these groups have hijacked that good intention by so many and used it as a way to subvert the stability of this country. And I firmly believe when that money is traced, you're going to find it's not only going not just to policies, but it's also going to pushing and promoting criminal acts. And I believe that money and support doesn't just come from infrastructure within the US because I believe undermining our cities and this nation is something our foreign adversaries will get behind and it will show that they are behind. Is the FBI trying in its reallocation of resources to make up and help in these areas where local law enforcement is trying its best, but it's fighting an uphill battle against mayors and city council and indeed governors that promote and support and pass laws and policies that follow these weak, insane policies. We go into every community where the crime rates are high. And if you look across the board, the crime rates are coming down across the country because the FBI is going in there and doing good police work. And we're not going to be dictated to by mayors or governors. We have federal law enforcement capabilities and responsibilities to our citizenry and we're executing those on every single day, including rural communities and tribal lands. and you are, correct me if I'm wrong, welcomed and supported and enthusiastically um praised by the cops that are there because they want those communities safer. >> Well, I think the police speak for themselves and um we'll let them do that at their own leisure. and and and one of the other uh gaslightings that I heard was that um at a time when we're we're trying to help them because they're having vacancy rates and they can't retain police and and you're causing that. Is it in fact that police across this country because they've been defunded? They're not supported. They have groups that are continuously combating when they're trying to make the community safer. I know this because when I was the attorney general, they all wanted to come to Florida and I welcomed them with open arms. In fact, we are increasing our ranks in Florida, sometimes to the detriment of other cities and states because they can't keep them. They tried to make it sound like it was your fault that we had vacancies in these police ranks around the nation when in fact, aren't you trying to help bolster their ranks and help them because they have mayors and prosecutors and city councils and governors that won't help them? >> That's exactly what we did. We did it in DC. We're doing it in Memphis. We're going to Chicago, Miami, St. Louis, so many other cities across the country. And I'm just grateful that you are doing this and I commend you for all the numbers that I'm seeing uh going after the violent crime, helping make sure we are getting the the criminals that came here unvetted from other nations out of this country that you are allocating resources to those efforts. It is all important to make this a stronger, safer nation, and we appreciate you being here today and making sure we're talking truth and not misinformation to the American people. Thank you. >> Thank you, Senator. Before Senator Schiff, I want a UC to introduce into the record a declassified Clinton annex. The Clinton annex is a declassified appendix to the Justice Department Inspector General report about the Clinton email investigation. The annex shows that the FBI had evidence necessary to conduct quote thorough and complete investigation end quote. But the Comey FBI failed to review the evidence at the time. After nearly a decade in the shadows, this information is now come to light thanks to Dr. Patel or Director Patel. Senator Schiff. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Um, Mr. Patel, during your confirmation hearing, you made several important commitments. For instance, you told Senator Coons there will be no politicization at the FBI. There'll be no retributive actions taken by any FBI should I be confirmed as FBI director. So, let me ask you very specifically, did you ever take any action to terminate or discipline an FBI agent or employee in whole or in part as retribution for being part of an investigation of Donald Trump or January 6th? >> No. You also committed uh you assured Senator Blumenthal all FBI employees will be protected protected against political retribution. So you're testifying today that you played no role in the firing of even a single FBI agent for political retribution. >> None for political retribution. >> And if any FBI agent said you did, they would be lying. Is that your testimony? >> I'm only speaking to my actions. Everybody is allowed to make their allegations. I have are allegations against you. >> So, Mr. Patel, if if FBI, senior FBI agents or employees said that you were firing them for political retribution reasons because of the cases they were assigned, you're saying they would be lying. Is that >> anyone that was terminated at the FBI was done so for failing to meet the standards, uphold their constitutional oath, and effectuate the mission? >> Well, by meet the standards, are you talking about meet the standards of protecting the president under any circumstance? No, >> you also guaranteed Senator Blumenthal that every FBI employee will be held to this same absolute same standard. No one will be terminated for case assignments. Are you testifying today that you never terminated anyone at the FBI in whole or in part because of a prior case assignment? >> No one at the FBI is terminated for case assignments alone. >> Well, I'm asking about you, Mr. Patel. Did you in whole or in part terminate anyone at the FBI because they worked on the Trump investigation or because they worked on January 6th? >> No one at the FBI has been terminated for case assignments alone? >> Okay. You're saying alone. Does that mean they were terminated in part because they were assigned to a January 6 case or assigned to the Mara Lago case? You're being very precise here, Mr. Patel. You're saying alone. That means they were fired in part because they were assigned those cases. Is that your testimony? >> Absolutely not. But if you want to keep one word, >> then let me ask you, let's strip away the word alone. Did you terminate or participate in any discipline of any FBI employee in whole or in part because of their work on an investigation of Donald Trump or January 6th? Yes or no? any terminations that the FBI by employees. >> No, I'm asking you a very specific question. >> We're going to answer the question, but you don't like the answer because it's >> I want an answer to my question. I don't want an answer to someone else's question. So, let me just be precise and and I asked for a yes or no answer. Did you ever terminate or discipline an FBI employee in whole or in part because they had been assigned or worked on an investigation of Donald Trump or January 6th? FBI employees are only terminated failed to uphold their oaths of office. You're not answering my question. >> You don't have to answer your question yes or no because you're setting up a trap. So you can have a media narrative of a trap and I'm not giving it to you unless it's true that you fired people. >> People have determined at the FBI who failed to uphold the standards that the FBI requires. Did you tell Did you tell anyone at the FBI that >> all FBI employees who they identified who had worked on cases against President Trump would be removed from their jobs? Did you tell that to someone at the FBI? >> Say that that would remove people for case assignments >> that you would that people that were identified as having worked on cases against President Trump would be removed from their jobs. Did you tell that to someone at the FBI? People are not removed for just answer my question. Just answer my question. Did you tell that to someone? >> People are not removed for cases. You're not answering my question. And I would never tell anyone. >> Did you tell someone at the FBI >> that FBI employees identified as having worked on cases against President Trump would be removed from their jobs? Yes or no? Did you tell someone that? >> I would never tell anyone at the FBI that they're being removed for basically their case assignments. >> Okay. So anyone who had said that would be lying. Is that your testimony? >> Anyone can say whatever they want. >> No, I know. But you're saying they were a liar. >> I'm telling you what I said >> because this is in the complaint against you, Mr. Patel. So are you saying Mr. Driscoll and others are liars? >> I'm not going to address the complaint in the ongoing >> Okay. Well, then let me ask you, have you ever told anyone at the FBI that the FBI tried to put the president in jail and he hasn't forgotten it? And that your job depended on the removal of agents who worked on cases against the president? No. Did you ever tell anyone that? >> No. Okay. Um, did you ever tell anyone that you knew these summary firings you were undertaking were illegal, likely illegal, and that you would be sued and later deposed? You ever tell anyone that? >> No firings at the FBI or terminations were done for anything other than justified. >> Do you ever tell anyone that, Mr. >> Patel? No terminations at the FBI were ever done in my tenure for anything other than failing. >> Did you ever tell anyone that, Mr. Patel? You willing to answer the question? The FBI? I guess you're not willing to answer the question. So, let me moved on. Let me move on to the Epstein files. Uh, you said you're the most transparent FBI director in history. So, I'm going to put you to the test. In 2024, you were asked by Glenn Beck about Epstein's black book. And you said, he asked, "Who has Jeffrey Epstein's black book?" And you said, "Blackbook, FBI." And he said, 'But who? That is, I mean theirs. And you said, 'Oh, that's under the direct control of the director of the FBI. That's what you said. Was that true, Mr. Patel? >> I'll rely on you quoting it accurately. I think what you what you represented to Mr. Beck and the president's supporters out there, or were you lying? Were you Was it true that the black book Epste's black book was on was in the possession of the FBI director? >> The black book was in the possession of the FBI. >> Okay. So now that you're the FBI director, you have possession of the black book, right? >> That index has been released. >> So you have Jeffrey Epstein's black book. >> What is known as Jeffrey Epstein's black book has been released by us. >> And you released it. And let me follow up on Senator Kennedy's question because he asked you uh and I'll be very precise here. You've seen most of the files. Who, if anyone did Epstein traffic these young women to besides himself? And you said himself, there's no credible information, none. If there were, I would bring the case yesterday that he trafficked two other individuals. And Kennedy that the information we have again is limited. And Senator Kennedy said the answer is no one. And you said for the information we have. So, is it your testimony today that in all the Epstein files that Jeffrey Epstein traffked no one to anyone but himself? Is that your testifi testimony, Mr. >> I never said Jeffrey Epstein didn't traffic anyone else? >> Did he traffic any any young woman to someone other than himself? That was Mr. Kennedy's question. the information that three administrations have had access to have made determinations that there are no investigative leads that were credible to prosecute and investigate any others. I'm specifically stating testimony today. >> You just read it and I said it 10 minutes ago. So, let the record reflect my testimony. Just want to make sure there's no misunderstanding because there are victims like Virginia Guer who have testified otherwise who have said otherwise and you're telling the American people today that the Epstein list is a single name and it's Jeffrey Epstein. That's what we're to believe. >> That's not what I'm saying. That's what you're saying. And you can say whatever. >> Let me ask you Let me ask you this. Uh when Todd Blanch went to interview Jose Maxwell, she said, "But did I like think these guys were coming for that? I really don't. If you met Epstein, there's no way that this cast of characters of which it's extraordinary and some are in your cabinet who you value as your co-workers and you know would be with him if he was a creep or because they wanted sexual favors." A man wants sexual favors, he will find that they didn't have to come to Epstein for that. And the next question Todd Blanch, the president's former criminal defense lawyer, asked is not who in the cabinet, who are you referring to? His question is, so when's the last time you think you were with Mr. Epstein when he got a massage? So, let me ask you, who are those cabinet members that Jazine Maxwell, Julane Maxwell is referring to that uh that were part of this cast of characters associated with Mr. Epson. Who are they? >> The deputy attorney general took the aggressive step that no one else did and interviewed Miss Maxwell for two days and we released the entirety of that transcript. I do not have that transcript in front of me. You're picking at peace, meal. the American public can read the entire >> one last question because you clearly won't tell us the cabinet members associated with Mr. Epson. Let me ask you one last question and that is right after she gives this testimony front of an FBI agent among others, she's transferred to a minimum security prison not suitable for a sex offender like herself. Who made that decision and why? The Bureau of Prisons, >> the Bureau of Decisions made it in >> prisons. >> The Bureau of Prisons decided on their own without any consultation with Blanch or anyone else that they were going to suddenly after this interview, completely unrelated to this interview, completely unrelated to anything she said, move her to a prison not suitable for a sex offender. You want the American people to believe that? Do you think they're stupid? >> No. I think the American people believe the truth that I'm not in the weeds on the everyday movements of inmates. What I am doing is protecting this country, providing historic reform, and combating the weaponization of intelligence by the likes of you. And we have countlessly proven you to be a lawyer in Russia in January 6. You are the biggest fraud to ever sit in the United States Senate. You are a disgrace to this institution and an utter coward. I'm I'm not surprised >> I'm not surprised that you continue to lie from your perch and put on a show so you can go raise money for your charade. You are a political buffoon at best. >> Well, you can take an internet >> take it to the bank that the FBI is protecting this country and the state and direct to California historic internet point of order. But all you care about is a child sex predator that was prosecuted by a prior administration. And the Obama Justice Department and the Biden Justice Department did squat. And what did President Trump do? Bring new charges courageously. And what have we done? I'm the most transparent FBI director in history. 33,000 pages of information to you. I challenge you to say anything credibly to the truth. Go ahead and run to the cameras where you want to go now. Both of you be quiet before I go to Senator Tillis. Uh, without objection, I want to introduce into the record the Durham Annex. The Durham Annex is a declassified appendix to John Durham's report about Crossfire Hurricane. The Durham annex contains information exposing a reported Clinton campaign plan to falsify President to falsely tie President Trump to Russia. For years, I've fought to assemble and publicize all the facts here to for unknown surrounding Durham's investigation, Crossfire, Hurricane, and related matters. The Durham annex was declassified large part because of director Patel. Senator Telus. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Director Patel. Thank you for being here. I uh I've actually admired the way you've tried to uh keep your composure over the course of this. Kind of reminds me of an old faride comic that said, "The floggings will continue until morale improves." Uh, last one I'd just coach you on, don't take the bait because they're going to use that discussion between you and Senator Schiff, as you've suggested before, to raise money. Just sit down in the quiet confidence that you're doing a good job. Real quick, in less than 30 seconds, give me your resume again on why you're qualified for this position. >> Uh, thank you, Senator. Served as a public defender and national security prosecutor. I tried over 60 criminal trials to verdict in state and federal court. I served as the lead investigator on the House Intelligence Committee and the counterterrorism expert there um unfolding the Russia gate investigation. I served as the head of counterterrorism for presidential white house. I served as a deputy director of national intelligence at the office of director of national intelligence overseeing our 17 intelligence agencies. I served as a chief of staff to the Department of Defense and the Secretary of Defense overseeing a$ two trillion dollar uh financial equity flow and also defending the homeland and providing for our no fail mission. >> We could drive drill down in details because I've studied that record and I think you should be very proud of it. I just did that for the benefit of the liberal media that just keep referring to you as a podcaster. I think and I appreciate you giving me that resume. Uh is a good body of work. It's why I supported your nomination. so strongly when you were before this committee. Um, really quickly too on the events of last week and the the the sad death and assassination of Mr. Kirk. Um, I I seem to recall that Mr. Zen, I think, was the first person of interest. He was reported to be saying, "I shot him, now shoot me," or something to that effect. Um, would that have more or le and your job is to calm the the tensions, right? There were people running all over the building, people afraid over there. Uh could it be that because you were in possession of some of that information that maybe you did just characterized as getting our man um that that maybe that's what led up to it, if those facts are correct. >> The the what led me to that is to the eliminate subjects, but also we were in a period with inside of 24 hours where we didn't know who the shooter was. Well, that that that's why I asked because people are forgetting that this man was reported to have been saying, "I shot him, now shoot me." They're also forgetting that he brought in an attorney and said that he'd fabricated the claim to draw attention away from the actual shooter and he went on to get multiple charges for possessing child uh pornography and sexual abuse material on his phone. So, I'm just saying that that it just seems to me that in the moment, maybe you should have used different words, but I can't imagine that the the amount of time that we've spent um on that uh on that subject in the hearing today, but I think it's because they're really worried that they're another punchline to an old joke. Um your work, it's working in practice, but it's not working in their theory. They haven't heard you, so it's working in practice, but not in theory. They haven't heard you say multiple times that you've plused up FBI resources in every state. They haven't heard you when you've talked about year-over-year comparisons for results. I don't care how many people you have at HQ, as long as you keep producing those results and they're good. They need to be sustained. Now, I am a little bit concerned about um the deployment of National Guard troops to dangerous cities, but you keep on um you keep on mentioning something I'm going to go back to in terms of joint task forces. Um you also did a great job of explaining why you think you should save money and go out and uh fly out of an airport versus an easy trip across the PTOAC to National. I love all those responses. I'm not going to repeat them here, but I um I'm worried that if if we move in too quickly, let's say to Memphis, I would I should back up and say I was speaker of the house in North Carolina. Um and I would consider it a personal failure on the part of state leadership if they have to call in federal resources to do their job beyond what they do every day. And that's promoting joint task forces. I've seen at ATF, DEA, FBI. I've been in the briefing rooms at 3:00 in the morning about to go and do a 55 no knock warrants on bad people. You all do that every day. And thank God that you are. It looks like we should plus it up in a few cities. I'd rather use the money to deploy National Guard to just continue to leverage what you're already doing. Well, and I compliment you because I've got to believe it's a lot of these joint task forces that have increased the apprehension and charging rates. So, thank you for that. But do do you agree that at the end of the day, if we're going to have a sustained uh impact on crime, whether it's Memphis or any other city, that we've really got to enable, empower, and continue to support the men and women on the ground there every single day. >> 100%. >> Thank you. Um, I think that your costbenefit mind needs to go into if I'm about to deploy this many National Guardsmen to a to a city, what is that cost and what would that look like if we were plowing that cost of deployment into ongoing um I believe uh joint task force which are working very well. They're working well in North Carolina. So, I'd like you to look at it. Now, I'm gonna move on uh the Safer Communities Act. Can I get your commitment to get an update? Maybe we could even take a trip uh out to West Virginia to see how we're doing an extraordinary job of Nick's background checks. People are getting them in record time, but we are taking a few guns away from people that probably shouldn't be able to buy that day. Would you agree that characterization? >> I would love to have you out and anyone else in this day is to West Virginia to see that. >> I'd like to bring some of my colleagues to see it's working. We had people on my side of the aisle saying it was going to be awful. it was going to result in mass confiscation of guns. Not true. They were wrong. This bill is making a difference. I also want to talk about the behavioral health and other um components and granting. I know in North Carolina things are going well. I want to make sure that that flow is going out there because the tragic events in North Carolina and Charlotte, the the stabbing, I I spoke with one of the family members yesterday. um are uh I I I I think that we have to recognize that we have magistrates that have a revolving door policy, no doubt about that, and they should be held accountable uh if they're releasing dangerous people. Um but I also think that some of the problem is that we simply don't have a place to send people, particularly with respect to behavioral health. We have got to continue to re Every law enforcement officer I've ever spoken with says, "Look, I've got law enforcement officers secundant to an emergency room because I've got somebody with no place to send them. I don't have a bed upstairs I can send them to. I don't have a behavioral health facility." We've got to provide more ways to detain people that are a risk to themselves and a risk for the community. And I really do say believe Safer Communities Act is a good framework for doing that. That's only a comment. Uh section 702 is going to come up in April of next year for renewal. Do you believe it should be eliminated and not reauthorized? >> No, sir. Needs to be >> Can I also get your commitment maybe to come back over and review some of the controls uh that are in place and other things. So hopefully we won't have the drama leading up to April. We can actually come here and get consensus on why you've got the checks and balances in place and why we should do it. remove any chance that we're going to run into that that cliff narrative next year. Can I get your commitment on doing that? >> Thank you. Um I uh want to talk very briefly on and the chairman's giving me a gabble, but I promise not to go over more than two minutes, but uh that's why I chose to be last so I could have this discussion and actually get to some facts versus agendas and clickbait clickbait that we'll almost certainly see uh going forward. Um tell me a little bit about the rationale behind uh the the change in stance in recruiting. Uh I also understand there may be a u a reduction in the academy timeline. Just give me some thinking about where you are on recruiting, retention, training, etc. >> Simple. So recruitment is through the roof. We've doubled up month over month uh our applicants to be 1811s are federal agents, intel analysts. Um so the recruitment is going wonderful. What we have to do is figure out a way to get creative because the BFTC timeline is an 18 to 20 week program. And what we've done to address the openings we have for 1811 brick agents is we opened it up to the inter agency and said, "Hey, do you Secret Service or DEA or ATF want to come over?" You guys went through Fletzy. You guys were cops or military officers. You're law enforcement. So we created a shortened bridge program of six weeks at Quantico that if you want to come over and be an FBI agent, you can do so. There's transfers all the time. we just made it easier. And we're also recruiting police officers who might not have a college degree, but in my opinion, that does not disqualify them from serving our community. So, we're welcoming them. It's a rigorous application process. It's just one item, but we are changing the timelines based on the needs of the country, but not jeopardizing quality. >> I'm glad you uh you mentioned that. I heard someone almost a throwaway line that you were hiring people without a college degree. I uh I most of them had have had basic law enforcement training, all the kinds of certifications. You're talking to somebody who didn't achieve my four-year degree until I was 37. I'd like to think that I brought some things to the table. And I think that those people that the com the mere comment I think um is in inappropriate for somebody considering this to think that they're a lesser person because they don't have a piece of paper. Um I um I wanted to get back to um the the last thing uh that I will talk about. I'll follow up with some questions for the record. Thank you incidentally for consistently being responsive to any any inquiries I've made to you. Um but on the the Kirk shooting, um I do believe that uh that Senator Schmidt's numbers are right. There seems to be a disproportionate number of voices on the left that are celebrating the assassination of a CEO or celebrating the assassination of someone in Mr. Kirk's case that I disagreed with probably about half half of his positions. But uh I felt like he was a good voice and engaging young people and that's a start as long as we can do it civily. Um but uh and then I also just went back online because I've hammered on this committee multiple times. I just went online and I found in Pinterest that even today you could order a t-shirt that says ACAB13.12 which translates to all cops or bastards. or if you don't like that shirt, you can go get an F the cop shirt at the same website on a location on Pinterest. Uh there is clearly a problem with some of the voices of the left, and I'm not necessarily saying any members of Congress that need to tamp it down. Having said that, within 24 hours of Mr. Kirk's uh shooting. We had the guy that does the podcast for the war room and another guy who's denied the Sandy Hook uh shootings say, "We're at war." Now, how on earth, and I do believe it's a smaller number, but it's a number that has an influence. How on earth are we deescalating the situation? And with the tensions as high as they were last week with going out and saying we're at war, I'm not asking you to respond to this question. I'm just saying that there are people out here on our side of the aisle that still need to look in the mirror even if you agree that it's a lower number. Bad is bad no matter how many numbers they are. And those kind that kind of rhetoric and that kind of mobilization makes your job more difficult and puts us in a position where we're not being as productive as as you want the FBI and state and local law enforcement to be. I'm finished. I just want to thank you for your service. I want to thank you for your concise answers and I am thoroughly impressed with the fact that you have sat in that chair for over four hours without a break. So with that, we're um on behalf of the chair uh want to thank you for being here today and uh and also um I assume are we leaving the record open for any period of time for one week? The record will be open left open for one week so that you may have uh questions for the record. Mr. Patel, thank you for being here. >> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. >> Meetings adjourned.