We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have never done so well. Everybody was amazed by it. Other countries were copying us. We got hit with COVID, and when we did, we spent the money necessary, so we wouldn't end up in a Great Depression, the likes of which we had in 1929 by the time we finished.

And we did a great job. We got a lot of credit for the economy, a lot of credit for the military, and no wars and so many other things. Everything was rocking good, but the thing we never got the credit for and we should have is getting us out of that COVID mess. He created mandates that was a disaster for our country.

But other than that, we had given them back a country where the stock market, actually, was higher than pre COVID, and nobody thought that was even possible. The only jobs he created are for illegal immigrants and bounce-back jobs, the bounce back from the COVID. He has not done a good job. He's done a poor job.

And inflation is killing our country. It is absolutely killing us.

Am I allowed to respond to him?

It's not going to drive them higher. It's just going to cost countries that have been ripping us off for years, like China and many others, in all fairness to China. It's going to just force them to pay us a lot of money, reduce our deficit tremendously, and give us a lot of power for other things. But he made a statement.

The only thing he was right about is I gave you the largest tax cut in history. I also gave you the largest regulation cut in history. That's why we had all the jobs. And the jobs went down, and then they bounced back, and he's taking credit for bounce-back jobs. You can't do that. He also said he inherited 9% inflation.

No, he inherited almost no inflation, and it stayed that way for 14 months. And then it blew up under his leadership because they spent money like a bunch of people that didn't know what they were doing, and they don't know what they were doing. It was the worst -- probably the worst administration in history.

There has never been. And as far as Afghanistan is concerned, I was getting out of Afghanistan, but we were getting out with dignity with strength, with power. He got out, it was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country's life.

Because the tax cuts spurred the greatest economy that we've ever seen. Just prior to COVID and even after COVID, it was so strong that we were able to get through COVID much better than just about any other country, but we spurred the tax spirit. Now when we cut the taxes, as an example, the corporate tax was cut down to 21% from 39%, plus beyond that.

We took in more revenue with much less tax, and companies were bringing back trillions of dollars back into our country. The country was going like never before, and we were ready to start paying down debt. We were ready to start using the liquid gold right under our feet, the oil and gas right under our feet.

We were going to have something that nobody else has had. We got hit with COVID. We did a lot to fix it. I gave him an unbelievable situation with all of the therapeutics and all of the things that we came up with. We gave him something great. Remember, more people died under his administration. Even though we had largely fixed it, more people died under his administration than our administration, and we were right in the middle of it, something which a lot of people don't like to talk about.

But you had far more people dying in his administration. He did the mandate, which is a disaster mandating it. The vaccine went out. He did a mandate on the vaccine, which is the thing that people most objected to about the vaccine, and he did a very poor job, just a very poor job. And I will tell you not only poor there.

But throughout the entire world, we're no longer respected as a country. They don't respect our leadership. They don't respect the United States anymore. We're like a third-world nation between weaponization of his election, trying to go after his political opponent, all of the things he's done. We've become like a third-world nation, and it's a shame, the damage he's done to our country.

And I'd love to ask him and will, why he allowed millions of people to come in here from prisons, jails, and mental institutions to come into our country and destroy our country.

Well, he's right. He did beat Medicaid, beat it to death. And he's destroying Medicare because all of these people are coming in, they're putting them on Medicare. They're putting them on Social Security. They're going to destroy Social Security. This man is going to singlehandedly destroy Social Security.

These millions and millions of people coming in, they're trying to put them on Social Security. He will wipe out Social Security. He will wipe out Medicare. So he was right in the way he finished that sentence, and it's a shame. What's happened to our country in the last four years is not to be believed.

Foreign countries, I'm friends with a lot of people, they cannot believe what happened to the United States of America. We're no longer respected. They don't like us. We give them everything they want, and they think we're stupid. They think we're very stupid people, what we're doing for other countries, and they do nothing for us. What this man has done is absolutely criminal.

Correct.

First of all, the Supreme Court just approved the abortion pill, and I agree with their decision to have done that, and I will not block it. And if you look at this whole question that you're asking, a complex but not really complex. 51 years ago, you had Roe v Wade, and everybody wanted to get it back to the states, everybody, without exception.

Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives, everybody wanted it back, religious leaders. And what I did is I put three great Supreme Court justices on the court, and they happened to vote in favor of killing Roe v Wade and moving it back to the states. This is something that everybody wanted. Now 10 years ago or so, they started talking about how many weeks and how many this, getting into other things.

But every legal scholar throughout the world, the most respected wanted it brought back to the states. I did that. Now the states are working it out. If you look at Ohio, it was a decision that was -- it was an end result that was a little bit more liberal than you would have thought. Kansas, I would say the same thing.

Texas is different. Florida is different, but they're all making their own decisions right now. And right now, the states control it. That's the vote of the people. Like Ronald Reagan, I believe in the exceptions. I am a person that believes. And frankly, I think it's important to believe in the exceptions.

Some people -- you have to follow your heart. Some people don't believe in that, but I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. I think it's very important. Some people don't. Follow your heart. But you have to get elected also. And -- because that has to do with other things.

You got to get elected. The problem they have is they're radical because they will take the life of a child in the eighth month, the ninth month, and even after birth. If you look at the former governor of Virginia, he was willing to do this. He said, "We'll put the baby aside, and we'll determine what we do with the baby," meaning we'll kill the baby.

What happened is we brought it back to the states, and the country is now coming together on this issue. It's been a great thing.

There have been many young women murdered by the same people he allows to come across our border. We have a border that's the most dangerous place anywhere in the world, considered the most dangerous place anywhere in the world, and he opened it up and these killers are coming into our country, and they are raping and killing women.

And it's a terrible thing. As far as the abortion is concerned, it is now back with the states. The states are voting. And in many cases, the -- it's frankly a very liberal decision. In many cases, it's the opposite. But they're voting, and it's bringing it back to the vote of the people, which is what everybody wanted, including the founders if they knew about this issue, which, frankly, they didn't, but they would have -- everybody wanted it brought back.

Ronald Reagan wanted it brought back. He wasn't able to get it. Everybody wanted it brought back, and many presidents had tried to get it back. I was the one to do it. And again, this gives it the vote of the people, and that's where they wanted it. Every legal scholar wanted it that way.

So, that means he can take the life of the baby in the ninth month and even after birth because some states, Democrat-run, take it after birth. Again, the governor -- former governor of Virginia, put the baby down, then we decide what to do with it. So, he's -- he's willing to, as we say, rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month and kill the baby.

Nobody wants that to happen. Democrat or Republican, nobody wants it to happen.

Under Roe v. Wade, you have late-term abortion. You can do whatever you want. Depending on the state, you can do whatever you want. We don't think that's a good thing. We think it's a radical thing. We think the Democrats are the radicals, not the Republicans.

I really don't know what he said at the end of that sentence. I don't think he knows what he said either. Look, we had the safest border in the history of our country. The border -- all he had to do was leave it all. He had to do was leave it. He decided to open up our border, open up our country to people that are from prisons.

People that are from mental institutions, insane asylum, terrorists. We have the largest number of terrorists coming into our country right now, all terrorists, all over the world, not just in South America, all over the world. They come from the Middle East, everywhere. All over the world, they're pouring in, and this guy just left it open.

And he didn't need legislation because I didn't have legislation. I said close the border. We had the safest border in history. In that final couple of months of my presidency, we had -- according to Border Patrol who is great and, by the way, who endorsed me for president, but I won't say that, but they endorsed me for president.

Brandon, just speak to him. But look, we had the safest border in history. Now, we have the worst border in history. There's never been anything like it. And people are dying all over the place, including the people that are coming up in caravans.

I -- just one second, he said we killed three people. The people we killed are al-Baghdadi and Soleimani. The two greatest terrorists, biggest terrorists anywhere in the world. And it had a huge impact on everything, not just border, on everything. He's the one that killed people with a bad border, including hundreds of thousands of people dying and also killing our citizens when they come in. We -- we are living right now in a rat's nest.

They're killing our people in New York, in California, in every state in the union because we don't have borders anymore. Every state is now a border. And because of his ridiculous, insane, and very stupid policies, people are coming in and they're killing our citizens at a level that we've never seen. We call it migrant crime.

I call it Biden migrant crime. They're killing our citizens at a level that we've never seen before, and you're reading it like these three incredible young girls over the last few days. One of them, I just spoke to the mother, and they just had the funeral for this girl, 12 years old. This is horrible, what's taken place, what's taken place in our country.

We're literally an uncivilized country now. He doesn't want it to be. He just doesn't know. He opened the borders nobody's ever seen anything like, and we have to get a lot of these people out and we have to get them out fast because they're going to destroy our country. Just take a look at where they're living.

They're living in luxury hotels in New York City and other places. Our veterans are on the street. They're dying because he doesn't care about our veterans. He doesn't care -- he doesn't like the military at all, and he doesn't care about our veterans. Nobody have been worse. I had the highest approval rating for veterans, taking care of the VA. He has the worst.

He's gotten rid of all the things that I approved. Choice that I got through Congress. All of the different things I approved, they abandoned. We had, by far, the highest. And now, it's down in less than half because he's done all these great things that we did. And I think he did it just because I approved it, which is crazy.

But he has killed so many people at our border by allowing --

All of these people to come in, and it's a very sad day in America.

First of all, that was a made-up quote, suckers and losers. They made it up. It was in a third-rate magazine that's failing, like many of these magazines. He made that up. He put it in commercials. We've notified him. We had 19 people that said I didn't say it. And think of this, who would say -- I'm at a cemetery or I'm talking about our veterans because nobody's taken better care -- I'm so glad this came up and he brought it up. There's nobody that's taken better care of our soldiers than I have.

I think that I would, in front of generals and others, say suckers and losers. We have 19 people that said it was never said by me. It was made up by him, just like Russia, Russia, Russia was made up, just like the 51 intelligence agents are made up, just like the new thing with the 16 economists are talking.

It's the same thing. Fifty-one intelligence agents said that the laptop was Russia disinformation. It wasn't. That came from his son, Hunter. It wasn't Russia disinformation. He made up the suckers and losers story. He should apologize to me right now.

First of all, our veterans and our soldiers can't stand this guy. They can't stand him. They think he's the worst commander in chief, if that's what you call him, that we've ever had. They can't stand him. So, let's get that straight. And they like me more than just about any of them. And that's based on every single bit of information.

As far as Russia and Ukraine, if we had a real president, the president that knew that was respected by Putin, he would have never -- he would have never invaded Ukraine. A lot of people are dead right now, much more than people know. You know they talk about numbers, you can double those numbers, maybe triple those numbers.

He did nothing to stop it. In fact, I think he encouraged Russia from going in. I tell you what happened. He was so bad with Afghanistan. It was such a horrible embarrassment, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country that when Putin watched that and he saw the incompetence that he should have fired those generals like I fired the one that you mentioned.

So, he's got no love lost, but he should have fired those generals. No general got fired for the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, Afghanistan, where we left billions of dollars of equipment behind. We lost 13 beautiful soldiers. And 38 soldiers were obliterated. And by the way, we left people behind, too, we left American citizens behind.

When Putin saw that, he said, "You know what, I think we're going to go in and maybe take my --" this was his dream, I talked to him about it, his dream. The difference is he never would have invaded Ukraine, never, just like Israel would have never been invaded in a million years by Hamas. You know why?

Because Iran was broke with me. I wouldn't let anybody do business with them. They ran out of money, they were broke. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for anything, no money for terror. That's why you had no terror at all during my administration. This place, the whole world is blowing up under him.

I never said that.

No, they're not acceptable. No, they're not acceptable. But look, this is a war that never should have started. If we had a leader in this war -- he led everybody along. He's given $200 billion now or more to Ukraine. He's given $200 billion. That's a lot of money. I don't think there's ever been anything like it. Every time that Zelenskyy comes to this country, he walks away with $60 billion.

He's the greatest salesman ever. And I'm not knocking him, I'm not knocking anything. I'm only saying, the money that we're spending on this war, and we shouldn't be spending. It should have never happened. I will have that war settled between Putin and Zelenskyy as president-elect before I take office on January 20th. I'll have that war settled.

People being killed so needlessly so stupidly. And I will get it settled, and I'll get it settled fast before I take office.

Just going back to Ukraine for one second. We have an ocean separating us. The European nations together have spent 100 billion or maybe more than that less than us. Why doesn't he call them so you got to put up your money like I did with NATO? I got them to put up hundreds of billions of dollars. The secretary general of NATO said, "Trump did the most incredible job I've ever seen." You wouldn't -- they wouldn't have any -- they were going out of business.

We were spending -- almost 100% of the money was paid by us. He didn't do that. He's getting all -- you got to ask these people to put up the money. We're over $100 billion more spent, and it has a bigger impact on them because of location because we have an ocean in between. You got to ask them. As far as Israel and Hamas, Israel is the one that wants to go. He said, "The only one that wants to keep going is Hamas." Actually, Israel is the one.

And you should let him go and let him finish the job. He doesn't want to do it. He's become like a Palestinian. But they don't like him because he's a very bad Palestinian. He's a weak one.

I'd have to see. But before we do that, the problem we have is that we spent all the money. So, they kill us on trade. I made great trade deals with the European nations. Because if you add them up, they're about the same size economically. Their economy is about the same size as the United States. And they were -- no cars.

No. They don't want anything that we have, but we're supposed to take their cars, their food, their everything, their agriculture. I changed that. But the big thing I changed is they don't want to pay. And the only reason that he can play games with NATO is because I got them to put up hundreds of billions of dollars.

I said --and he's right about this. I said, "No, I'm not going to support NATO if you don't pay." They asked me that question, "Would you guard us against Russia" at a very secret meeting of the 28 states at that time -- nations at that time. And I said, "No. If you don't pay, I won't do that." And you know what happened?

Billions and billions of dollars came flowing in the next day and the next months. But now, we're in the same position. We're paying everybody's bills.

Well, I don't think too many believe that. And let me tell you about January 6th. On January 6th, we had a great border, nobody coming through, very few. On January 6th, we were energy-independent. On January 6th, we had the lowest taxes ever. We had the lowest regulations ever. On January 6th, we were respected all over the world.

All over the world, we were respected. And then he comes in, and we're now laughed at. We're like a bunch of stupid people. What happened to the United States' reputation under this man's leadership is horrible, including weaponization, which I'm sure, at some point, you'll be talking about, where he goes after his political opponent because he can't beat him fair and square.

Well, I didn't say that to anybody. I said peacefully and patriotically. And Nancy Pelosi, if you just watched the news from two days ago, on tape to her daughter, who's a documentary filmmaker, they say, but she's saying, "Oh, no. It's my responsibility. I was responsible for this." Because I offered her 10,000 soldiers or National Guard, and she turned them down.

And the mayor of -- in writing, by the way, the mayor, in writing turned it down, the mayor of of D.C. They turned it down. I offered 10,000 because I could see -- I had virtually nothing to do. They asked me to go make a speech. I could see what was happening. Everybody was saying they're going to be there on January 6th. They're going to be there.

And I said, "You know what, that's a lot of people coming." You could feel it. You could feel it, too, and you could feel it. And I said they ought to have some National Guard or whatever. And I offered it to her, and she now admits that she turned it down. And it was the same day she was -- I don't know.

She can't be very happy with her daughter because it made her into a liar. She said, "I take full responsibility for January 6th."

What they've done to some people that are so innocent, you ought to be ashamed of yourself, what you have done, how you've destroyed the lives of so many people. When they ripped down Portland, when they ripped down many other cities -- you go to Minnesota, Minneapolis, what they've done there with the fires all over the city.

If I didn't bring in the National Guard, that city would have been destroyed. When you look at all of the -- they took over big chunks of Seattle. I was all set to bring in the National Guard. They heard that. They saw them coming, and they left immediately. What he said about this whole subject is so off, peacefully patriotic.

One other thing. The unselect committee, which is basically two horrible Republicans that are all gone now, out of office, and Democrats, all Democrats, they destroyed and deleted all of the information they found because they found out we were right. We were right, and they deleted and destroyed all of the information.

They should go to jail for that. If a Republican did that, they'd go to jail.

Well, I said my retribution is going to be success. We're going to make this country successful again because right now, it's a failing nation. My retribution is going to be a success. But when he talks about a convicted felon, his son is a convicted felon at a very high level. His son is convicted, going to be convicted, probably, numerous other times.

Should have been convicted before, but his Justice Department let the statute of limitations lapse on the most important things. But he could be a convicted felon as soon as he gets out of office. Joe could be a convicted felon with all of the things that he's done. He's done horrible things. All of the death caused at the -- the border, telling the Ukrainian people that we're going to want $1 billion or you change the prosecutor, otherwise you're not getting $1 billion.

If I ever said that, that's quid pro quo. That -- we're not going to do anything. We're not going to give you $1 billion unless you change your prosecutor having to do with the son. This man is a criminal. This man -- you're lucky. You're lucky. I did nothing wrong. We have a system that was rigged and disgusting.

I did nothing wrong.

I didn't have sex with a porn star, number one. Number two, that was a case that was started and moved. They moved a high ranking official, the DOJ into the Manhattan DA's office to start that case. That case is going to be appealed and won. We had a very terrible judge, a horrible judge, Democrat. The prosecutor were all high-ranking Democrats-appointed people, both the civil and the criminal.

He basically went after his political opponent because he thought it was going to damage me. But when the public found out about these cases -- because they understand it better than he does. He has no idea what these cases are. But when they found out about these cases, do you know what they did? My poll numbers went up, way up. You know that because you're reporting it. And we took in more money in the last two weeks than we've ever taken in in the history of any campaign.

I don't think any campaign has ever taken -- hundreds of millions of dollars came pouring in because the public knows it's a scam, and it's a guy that's after his political opponent because he can't win fair and square.

Jake, both of you know that sir has been totally wiped out because when you see the sentence, it said 100% exoneration on this. So, he just keeps it going. He says he ran because of Charlottesville. He didn't run because of Charlottesville. He ran because it was his last chance, and he's not equipped to be president.

You know it and I know it. It's ridiculous. We have a debate. We're trying to justify his presidency, his presidency. He's, without question, the worst president, the worst presidency in the history of our country. We shouldn't be having a debate about it. There's nothing to debate. He made up the Charlottesville story, and you'll see it's debunked all over the place.

Every anchor has -- every reasonable anchor has debunked it. And just the other day, it came out where it was fully debunked. It's a nonsense story. He knows that. And he didn't run because of Charlottesville. He used that as an excuse to run.

And he caused the inflation. He's blaming inflation. And he's right, it's been very bad. He caused the inflation, and it's killing Black families and Hispanic families and just about everybody. It's killing people. They can't buy groceries anymore. They can't -- you look at the cost of food where it's doubled and tripled and quadrupled, they can't live.

They're not living anymore. He caused this inflation. I gave him a country with no -- essentially no inflation. It was perfect. It was so good. All he had to do is leave it alone. He destroyed it with his green new scam and all of the other -- all this money that's being thrown out the window. He caused inflation.

As sure as you're sitting there, the fact is that his big kill on the Black people is the millions of people that he's allowed to come in through the border. They're taking Black jobs now. And it could be 18 million, it could be 19 million and even 20 million people, they're taking Black jobs, and they're taking Hispanic jobs.

And you haven't seen it yet, but you're going to see something that's going to be the worst in our history.

Well, let me just go back to what he said about the police, how close the police are to him. Almost every police group in the nation from every state is supporting Donald J. Trump, almost every police group. And what he's done to the Black population is horrible, including the fact that for 10 years, he called them super predators.

We can't -- in the 1990s, we can't forget that. Super predators was his name, and he called it to him for 10 -- and they've taken great offense at it, and now they see it happening. But when they see what I did for criminal justice reform and for the historically Black colleges and universities where I funded them and got them all funded and the opportunity zones with Tim.

As you know, Tim Scott was incredible. He did a great job, great senator from South Carolina. He came to me with the idea, and it was a great idea. It's one of the most successful economic development acts ever in the country, opportunity zones. And the biggest beneficiary are Blacks. And that's why we have the best numbers with them in maybe ever.

They're saying ever. I read this morning where ever, the best numbers. He's lost much of the Black population because he's done a horrible job for Black people. He's also done a horrible job for Hispanics. But where do you see these millions of people pouring into our country, and they're going to take the jobs?

And it's already started, and you haven't seen anything yet. It's a disaster.

So I want absolutely immaculate clean water, and I want absolutely clean air, and we had it. We had H2O. We had the best numbers ever, and we did -- we were using all forms of energy, all forms, everything. And yet, during my four years, I had the best environmental numbers ever, and my top environmental people gave me that statistic just before I walked on the stage actually.

The Paris Accord was going to cost us $1 trillion; and China, nothing; and Russia, nothing; and India, nothing. It was a rip-off of the United States, and I ended it because I didn't want to waste that money because they treated us horribly. We were the only ones who was costing us money. Nobody else was paying into it, and it was a disaster.

But everything that he said just now, I'll give you an example. I heard him say before, insulin. I'm the one that got the insulin down for the seniors. I took care of the seniors. What he's doing is destroying all of our medical programs because the migrants coming in, they want everybody -- and look, I have the biggest heart in the stage, I guarantee you that, and I want to take care of people.

But we're destroying our country. They're taking over our schools, our hospitals, and they're going to be taking over Social Security. He is destroying Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.

So, I've dealt with politicians all my life. I've been on this side of the equation for the last eight years. I've never seen anybody lie like this guy. He lies. I've never seen anything -- he could look you in the face -- so -- about so many other things, too. And we mentioned the laptop. We mentioned Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine.

Everything he does is a lie. It's misinformation and disinformation. The losers and suckers story that he made up is a total lie, on the military. It's a disgrace. But Social Security, he's destroying it because millions of people are pouring into our country, and they're putting them onto Social Security, they're putting them onto Medicare and Medicaid.

They're putting them in our hospitals. They're taking the place of our citizens. They're -- what they're doing to the VA, to our veterans is unbelievable. Our veterans are living in the street and these people are living in luxury hotels. He doesn't know what he's doing. And it's really coming back. I've never seen such anger in our country before.

Just to go back, the general got fired because he was no good. And if he said that, that's why he made it up. But we have 19 people that said I didn't say it, and they're very highly respected, much more so than him. The other thing is he doesn't fire people. He never fired people. I've never seen him fire anybody.

But I did fire a lot. I fired Comey because he was no good. I fired a lot of the top people at the FBI, drained the swamp. They were no good. Not easy to fire people. You'd pay a price for it. But there were no good. I inherited these people. I didn't put them there. I didn't put Comey there. He was no good.

I fired him. This guy hasn't fired anybody. He never fires. He should have fired every military man that was involved with that Afghan -- the Afghanistan horror show, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. He didn't fire. Did you fire anybody? Did you fire anybody that's on the border that's allowed us to have the worst border in the history of the world?

Did anybody get fired for allowing 18 million people, many from prisons, many from -- from mental institutions? Did you fire anybody that allowed our country to be destroyed? Joe, our country is being destroyed as you and I sit up here and waste a lot of time on this debate. This shouldn't be a debate. He is the worst president.

He just said it about me because I said it. But look, he's the worst president in the history of our country. He's destroyed our country. Now, all of a sudden, he's trying to get a little tough on the border. He come out -- came out with a nothing -- a nothing deal, and it reduced it a little bit, a little bit, like this much.

It's insignificant. He wants open borders. He wants our country to either be destroyed or he wants to pick up those people as voters. And I don't think -- we just can't let it happen. If he wins this election, our country doesn't have a chance, not even a chance of coming out of this rut. We probably won't have a country left anymore.

That's how bad it is. He is the worst in history by far.

Just so you understand, we have polling, we have other things that they rate him the worst because what he's done is so bad.

And they rate me -- I'll show you. I will show you. And they rate me one of the best, OK? And if I'm given another four years, I will be the best. I think I'll be the best. Nobody's ever created an economy like us. Nobody ever cut taxes like us. He's the only one I know. He wants to raise your taxes by four times.

He wants to raise everybody's taxes by four times. He wants the Trump tax cuts to expire. So, everybody, including the two of you, are going to pay four to five times. Nobody ever heard of this before. All my life, I'd grow up and I'd see politicians talking about cutting taxes. When we cut taxes, as I said, we did more business.

Apple and all these companies, they were bringing money back into our country. The worst president in history by far, and everybody knows it.

To finish up, we now have the largest deficit in the history of our country under this guy. We have the largest deficit with China. He gets paid by China. He's a Manchurian candidate. He gets money from China. We have -- so I think he's afraid to deal with them or something. But do you notice he never took out my tariffs because we bring in so much money with the tariffs that I imposed on China?

He never took them away. He can't because it's too much money. It's tremendous. And we saved our steel industries. And there was more to come, but he hasn't done that. But he hasn't cut the tariffs because he can't because it's too much money. But he's got the largest deficit in the history of our -- of our country, and he's got the worst -- the worst situation with China.

China is going to own us if you keep allowing them to do what they're doing to us as a country. They are killing us as a country, Joe, and you can't let that happen. You're destroying our country.

We bought the certain dog. That's the most incredible thing that you've ever seen the way they can spot it. We did a lot. And we had -- we were getting very low numbers, very, very low numbers. Then, he came along. The numbers -- have you seen the numbers now? It's not only the 18 million people that I believe is even low because they -- the gotaways -- they don't even talk about gotaways.

But the numbers of -- the amount of drugs -- and human trafficking in women coming across our border, the worst thing I've ever seen, at numbers that nobody's ever seen under him because the border is so bad. But the number of drugs coming across our border now is the largest we've ever had by far.

Well, this -- because this does pertain to it. He ended Remain in Mexico, he ended catch and release. I made a catch and release in Mexico, not catch and release here. We had so many things that we had done, hard negotiations with Mexico, and I got it all for nothing. It's just like when you have a hostage, we always pay $6 billion for every time we cease a hostage.

Now, we have a hostage, The Wall Street Journal reporter, I think a good guy. And he's over there because Putin is laughing at this guy probably asking for billions of dollars for the reporter. I will have him out very quickly as soon as I take office -- before I take office. I said by -- literally, as soon as I win the election, I will have that reporter out.

He should have had him out a long time ago. But Putin's probably asking for billions and billions of dollars because this guy pays it every time. We had two cases where we paid $6 billion for five people. I got 58 people out, and I paid essentially nothing.

Well, I took two tests, cognitive tests. I aced them, both of them, as you know. We made it public. He took none. I'd like to see him take one, just one, a real easy one, like go through the first five questions. He couldn't do it. But I took two cognitive tests. I took physical exams every year. And, you know, we -- knock on wood, wherever we may have wood, that I'm in very good health.

I just won two club championships, not even senior, two regular club championships. To do that, you have to be quite smart, and you have to be able to hit the ball a long way. And I do it. He doesn't do it. He can't hit a ball 50 yards. He challenged me to a golf match, he can't hit a ball 50 yards. I think I'm in very good shape.

I feel that I'm as -- in good a shape as I was 25, 30 years ago. Actually, I'm probably a little bit lighter. But I'm in as good a shape as I was years ago. I feel very good. I feel the same. But I took -- I was willing to take a cognitive test. And you know what, if I didn't do well, I aced them, Dr. Ronny Jackson, who's a great guy, when he was White House doctor.

And then, I took another one, a similar one, and both -- one of them said they'd never seen anybody ace them.

Never said I was 6'5".

I never -- I never said that.

That's the biggest lie that he's a six handicap of all.

Yeah.

Never.

I've seen you swing, I know you swing. Let's not act like children, Joe.

Let's not act like children.

Well, I shouldn't have to say that, but, of course, I believe that. It's totally unacceptable. And if you would see my statements that I made on Twitter at the time and also my statement that I made in the Rose Garden, you would say it's one of the strongest statements you've ever seen in addition to the speech I made in front of, I believe, the largest crowd I've ever spoken to. And I will tell you, nobody ever talks about that.

They talk about a relatively small number of people that went to the Capitol and, in many cases, were ushered in by the police. And as Nancy Pelosi said, it was her responsibility, not mine. She said that loud and clear. But the answer is if the election is fair, free, and I want that more than anybody -- and I'll tell you something, I wish he was a great president because I wouldn't be here right now.

I'd be at one of my many places enjoying myself. I wouldn't be under indictment because I wouldn't have been as political appointment -- you know, opponent. Because he indicted me because I was his opponent. I wish he was a great president. I would rather have that. I wouldn't be here, I don't mind being here.

But the only reason I'm here is he's so bad as a president that I'm going to make America great again. We're going to make America great again. We're a failing nation right now. We're a seriously failing nation. And we're a failing nation because of him. His policies are so bad. His military policies are insane.

They're insane. These are wars that will never end with him. He will drive us into World War III. And we're closer to World War III than anybody can imagine. We are very, very close to World War III. And he's driving us there. And Kim Jong Un and President Xi of China, Kim Jong Un of North Korea, all of these -- Putin, they don't respect him.

They don't fear him. They have nothing going with this gentleman, and he's going to drive us into World War III.

Just to finish what he said, if I might. Russia, they took a lot of land from Bush. They took a lot of land from Obama and Biden. They took no land, nothing from Trump, nothing. He knew not to do it. You're not going to play games with me. He knew that. I got along with him very well, but he knew not to play games.

He took nothing from me, but now, he's going to take the whole thing from this man right here. That's a war that should have never started. It would have never started ever with me. And he's going to take Ukraine. And, you know, you asked me a question before, would you do this with -- he's got us in such a bad position right now with -- with Ukraine and Russia because Ukraine is not winning that war.

He said, "I will never settle until such time..." They're running out of people. They're running out of soldiers. They've lost so many people. It's so sad. They've lost so many people, and they've lost those gorgeous cities with the golden domes that are a thousand years old, all because of him and stupid decisions.

Russia would have never attacked if I were president.

If it's a fair and legal and good election, absolutely. I would have much rather accepted these. But the -- the fraud and everything else was ridiculous. And if you want, we'll have a news conference on it in a week, or we'll have another one of these in a week. But I will absolutely -- there's nothing I'd rather do. It would be much easier for me to do that than running again.

I wasn't really going to run until I saw the horrible job he did. He's destroying our country. I would be very happy to be someplace else in a nice location someplace. And again, no indictments, no political opponent stuff because it's the only way he thinks he can win. But unfortunately, it's driven up my numbers and driven them up to a very high level because the people understand it.

Like so many politicians, this man is just a complainer. He said, "We want to do this. We want to do that. We want to get rid of this tax, that tax." But he doesn't do anything. He doesn't do -- all he does is make our country unsafe by allowing millions and millions of people to pour in. Our military doesn't respect him.

We looked like fools in Afghanistan. We didn't stop Israel. It was such a horrible thing that would have never happened. It should have never happened. Iran was broke. Anybody that did business with Iran, including China, they couldn't do business with the United States. They all passed. Iran was broke. They had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah, for terrorists, no money whatsoever.

Again, Ukraine should have never happened. He talks about all this stuff, but he didn't do it. For three and a half years, we're living in hell. We have the Palestinians, and we have everybody else rioting all over the place. You talk about Charlottesville. This is 100 times Charlottesville, 1,000 times.

The whole country is exploding because of you, because they don't respect you, and they have to respect their president. And they don't respect you throughout the world. What we did was incredible. We rebuilt the military. We got the largest tax cut in history, the largest regulation cut in history. The reason he's got jobs is because I cut the regulations that gave jobs, but he's putting a lot of those regulations back on. All of the things that we've done, nobody's ever -- never seen anything even from a medical standpoint, right?

To try, where we can try space-age materials instead of going to Asia or going to Europe and trying to get -- when you're terminally ill, now you can go, and you can get something. You sign a document. They've been trying to get it for 42 years. But, you know, what we did for the military was incredible choice for our soldiers where our soldiers, instead of waiting for three months to see a doctor, can go out and get themselves fixed up and readied up and take care of themselves and their living.

And that's why I had the highest approval rating in the history of the VA. So, all of these things -- we're in a failing nation, but it's not going to be failing anymore. We're going to make it great again.