Hi.

Hi.

Hi, Rose.

Thank you.

Happy anniversary, by the way.

Yeah. Yeah. We have --

Well, this is wonderful.  how you guys. It's the friendship and what you've been doing in terms of --

Giving space for people to come in. It's really important.

Can you show me

Yes.

You got all the great children's books. You got all the classics, really classic, right, exactly, exactly. That's right.

Nice.

So, a little bit of something for everybody, right?

Yeah.

Tell me -- so you --- you probably have a lot of regulars, right?

And so, tell me, like, what time of day do they come in, what do they normally do?

Oh, nice.

Yeah. Right.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I love small businesses.  So, my mother and my sister, we had -- we called her our second mother, she's also a mother. And she -- she was our neighbor. And she, you know, afterwards  Anyway. Now, she is a small business owner.

So -- well, she had

And she was

Just -- I just think our small businesses are so much a part of the fabric of our communities.

I mean -- and obviously, the economic development, but also what you do to create a place for people to come. And you have your regulars and you can see when someone's having a good day or not having a good day, right? You know, what they like. You know, what to kind of do to reinforce, especially in this moment where is -- you know, I think there are so many forces that are trying to tell people they're alone.

And when you can provide a place for people to come and know that they belong and that they're welcome.

It's a

Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

Right. Right.

Yeah.

Oh, really.

So, you're civic leaders.

Right?

Yeah. Yeah. How did you guys decide to open a bookstore? What  part of it?

OK. Got it. So, this is how it kind of like --

Now, let me

Hi.

Oh, yeah. No, I get it because it's

Hi, Cassidy.

Yeah, you are. You're a good bunch.

Yeah.

Oh, thank you.

together, but I wanted to come to Johnstown, and I wanted to come and visit small businesses. A lot of the work that I care about is about community, right? And there are many ways to do that and to lift people up, and one of them is our small businesses. And, you know, I was -- I was sharing with you, guys, that I -- my -- someone who was like a second mother to us is a small business owner.

So, from childhood, I've been acutely aware of who you guys are, right? And you're creating a space that is a safe space, where people are welcome and know that they're encouraged to be with each other and feel a sense of belonging. And in the midst of so many forces that are trying to kind of make people feel alone or -- or divide -- divide us, I think it's really important that we're intentional about creating these kinds of spaces.

And so, anyway, I'm happy to come by and say hi to everybody. And thank you, all.

Oh, you've got like art and everything.

Local artists? Really?

Yeah, Johnstown

That's nice. Nice.

I am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of people in Pennsylvania who deserve to be seen and heard. That's why I'm here in Johnstown. And I will be continuing to travel around the state to make sure that I'm listening as much as we are talking. And ultimately, I feel very strongly that -- that I earn every vote, and that means spending time with folks in the communities where they live.

And -- and so, that's why I'm here. We're going to be spending a lot more time in Pennsylvania.