So, let me just start by thanking everyone. Thank you all for taking time out of your busy lives to be here and have this conversation. And I think we are all here together because we have many things in common. First and foremost, we love our country. We love our country.  You know, Maria, perhaps not, but --

Perhaps not. But let me say this. So, you mentioned, you know, my background. So, I started my career as a prosecutor, and most of my career has been spent outside of Washington, D.C., not in Washington, D.C. And for most of my career, let me just tell you, I never once asked a victim of crime, a witness, "Are you a Democrat, or are you a Republican?" Never.

It never would have even occurred to me to ask that. What I did ask everyone, "Are you OK?" And when I think then about what is at stake in this election, I think that's the biggest question. And it is a moment where -- born out of our love of our country, born out of, for me, having taken the Oath of Office to the Constitution of the United States at least six times, I believe what is at stake in this election is so fundamental for us as Americans.

And it is about, do we take seriously the importance of a president who obeys the oath to be loyal to the Constitution of the United States? Do we prioritize a president of the United States who cares about rule of law, much less the spirit with which they approach this most powerful position? There's so much about this last era -- when I talk about turn the page, that's what I'm referring to.

Like the last decade, that has been about some powerful forces suggesting that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down instead of what I think most of us believe, regardless of your party affiliation, that the real measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up.

And so, for that reason, I'm not surprised that Liz Cheney and I are on the same stage 15 days before the election, you know?

And Maria, let me just add one thing also because it bears repeating. I have seen a lot of Republicans go up to Liz Cheney and thank her. And they may not be doing it publicly -- they may not be doing it publicly because I think she has shown, to your point, extraordinary courage, especially in this environment post January 6th, where there's something -- an undercurrent that is violent in terms of the language and the tenor.

And for her to show the courage she has shown is extraordinary. But she's -- I've seen Republicans come up to her, and I -- from my vantage point, she's actually not alone.

And Maria, I'm going to add to that.

I would add to that an additional point, which is -- and don't think it's a sick sense of humor and relegate it to simply being that. You know, I've said many times, I do believe Donald Trump to be an unserious man, but the consequences of him ever being in the White House again are brutally serious.

And take it from the people who know him best: his former chief of staff when he was president; two former defense secretaries; his national security advisor; and of course, his vice president, who have all, in one way or another, used the word that he is unfit to be president again and is dangerous.

Listen to the report that -- what his former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a general, said about him, that he is fascist to the core. And these are people who were in his administration, who worked closely with him in the Oval Office and the Situation Room. And so, I would caution us also -- you know, because some people find it humorous, what he says, and think it's just silly.

But understand how brutally serious it is.  Well, the courts will take care of that. We'll take care of November, yes.  We'll take care of November. But it is brutally serious because, to the congresswoman's point, anyone has -- who has openly said, as he has, that he would terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the United States, never again.

How much time do we have?

I have lived a full life. I am a wife. I am a mother. I am a sister. I am a godmother. I love to cook. I started my career as a prosecutor, in large part -- there are many reasons, but one very fundamental is when I was young, one of my best friends in high school, I learned, was being molested by her stepfather.

And I told her, when I learned, she had to come live with us. I talked to my mother about it. "Of course, she has to come live with us," and she did. And I decided I wanted to take on a career and a life that was about protecting the most vulnerable. I served as attorney general of California two terms.

I was the top law enforcement officer of the biggest state in the country. And doing that work, it included prosecuting transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. I did the work of taking on the big banks during the foreclosure crisis and delivered $20 billion for homeowners who had been targeted with predatory lending practices.

I took on the big pharmaceutical companies on behalf of consumers. As vice president of the United States, my priorities have been many, including, to your point, the work that you and I have done over the years focusing on women's health. One of my priorities is -- has been maternal mortality. But I have only had one client in my career: the people.

And my belief is that there is great nobility in public service if one understands that they hold the office in the public trust. It is not about personal power. It is about what you can do that lifts up the condition of people. And there is so much about how I think about my responsibility, and I am here to ask for your vote -- is that I do -- I intend to be a president for all Americans, understanding that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.

And this era that was kind of initiated by Donald Trump has not only been exhausting, it has been harmful to us as a nation. The notion that a president of the United States would encourage Americans to point fingers at each other, that there would be a suggestion that we are a divided country -- instead of knowing we have so much more in common than what separates us.

I have, as vice president, met over 150 world leaders: presidents, prime ministers, chancellors, and kings. My most recent overseas trips as vice president, which were relatively close to then the election, our Allies have expressed real concern. I've shared this before, but, you know, when we walk in a room representing the United States of America, we should walk in that room, especially leaders, chin up, shoulders back, knowing that we have the self-appointed and earned authority to talk about the importance of democracy and rule of law.

But the thing about being a role model -- it's all role models who are here -- people watch what you do to see if it matches up to what you say. People around the world are watching this election, I promise you. And my -- one fear I have is -- I hope and I pray that we, the American people, understand not only what is at stake for us in this election but how much we mean to the rest of the world. There is so much at stake in this election.

Thank you. Thank you.

Yeah.

Right. Thank you, Cecelia.

And thank you and -- for your courage to speak up about this. So -- well, we have done it, actually, in the last four years. We had a bipartisan group of folks in Congress who came together for the Safer Communities Act, which is the first meaningful piece of gun safety legislation in 30 years. And so, it's a good step, and it really does tell us that we have a will within the United States Congress to work in a bipartisan way, and then-Congresswoman Cheney was one of those Republicans that actually voted for it.

I -- this is how I think of the issue, and it is through the lens of many experiences, including -- I'm so sorry about your kids going through active shooter drills. It's -- our kids did. It's traumatic that our children -- you know, growing up, I'll speak for myself, we had fire drills, right? Our children are now learning how to keep themselves safe if there's an active shooter at their school.

I did a tour last year of colleges, with college-age kids, so I also did some trade schools, and I would ask the room -- the auditorium would be packed, college-age kids, and I'd ask them, "Raise your hand if at any point between kindergarten and 12th grade, you had to endure an active shooter drill."

Almost every hand went up. Our kids are growing up where they are learning that they may be unsafe in the classroom where they should be absorbing the wonders of the world. One kid said to me, "Yeah..." We were talking about this and said to me, "Yeah, that's why I don't like going to fifth period." I said, "Why, sweetheart? Why don't you like going to fifth period?" "Because in that classroom, there's no closet," in which to hide.

So, we -- when we think of this issue, we must also consider the trauma that is the trauma of -- the direct trauma for those who have been directly affected by gun violence, including that to our kids who are in schools across our country doing this, not to mention their teachers, who want to teach and not also have to worry about, will they be able to physically protect a child from a bullet? Here's how I think about it in terms of the macro point.

We have been pushing, as a country, I think, a false choice that suggests you're either in favor of the Second Amendment or you want to take everyone's guns away. And that's a false choice. I'm in favor of the Second Amendment. I have talked about the fact both Tim Walz and I are gun owners. I also believe we need reasonable gun safety laws, assault weapons bans, red flag laws, universal background checks.

And reports say that the majority of NRA members agree on, for example, universal background checks. What is a universal background check? It's just common sense. Here's what it is. You just might want to know before someone can buy a lethal weapon whether they've been found by a court to be a danger to themselves or others.

You just might want to know. It's common sense. We need common-sense gun safety laws. And I will continue, I've done it throughout my career, work with all of our colleagues across the aisle. And I know that we can make progress. But this is not -- I'm not trying to take anybody's guns away from them. But we need reasonable gun safety laws.

Thank you, Martin.

So, I was actually in Munich, at the Munich Security Conference, delivering a speech when I first met with President Zelenskyy of Ukraine, and it was just days before Russia invaded. I've now met with President Zelenskyy, I think, seven times because the United States has rightly taken a position as a leader, a global leader on international rules and norms, that we must stand in support of one of the most important international rules and norms, which is the importance of protecting sovereignty and territorial integrity, the importance of standing strong in opposition to the notion that, in this case, Russia would attempt to change borders by force, to invade another nation, a sovereign nation by force.

And sadly, there is a huge difference between my opponent and me on this very fundamental issue. Back to the conversation about -- there was a time when we used to -- there was a phrase that I'll paraphrase that, basically, politics ends at the sea line, you know, at the boundaries of our country, that there are certain things, in particular, the matters of national security, where it's not about partisanship.

It's about where should America stand in terms of supporting our Allies and standing for certain principles. I'll give you as a point of reference for me in terms of how I feel about this, on the partisan issue. I -- for the four years that I was in the United States Senate, my favorite committee was the Senate Intelligence Committee.

And I served on that committee, and we would meet in a room that's called a SCIF. And it's basically a -- it's a very secure room. No press, with all due respect, is allowed in. No cameras. Everyone has to leave their cell phone outside. It's a bipartisan committee, and we would go in that room and receive classified information from America's Intelligence Community, sometimes our military leaders, about hot spots around the world and threats to our national security.

And when we went in that room, and this is why it was my favorite committee, people would take off their suit jacket, roll up their sleeves, have a cup of coffee on the table. And we weren't Democrats or Republicans. We were Americans. And that is so important on a number of issues we are discussing this afternoon but, in particular, on national security.

My opponent, however, has made it a thing of his to admire dictators and autocrats around the world. He exchanged love letters with Kim Jong Un. Remember that? He has openly praised the president of Russia. Most recently, the report is, in the height of COVID -- remember, everyone was scrambling to get their hands on COVID tests? Remember when Americans were dying by the hundreds every day? And Donald Trump secretly sent COVID tests to the president of Russia for his personal use.

He has said, Donald Trump, "I will solve the matter of Ukraine and Russia in a day." Read through and understand what he is saying. He would surrender. He would have Ukraine surrender its fight against an aggressor violating its sovereignty. If Donald Trump were president, Vladimir Putin will be sitting in Kyiv.

And understand what that would mean for America and our standing around the world. But thankfully, there has been bipartisan support, and to your point of what -- where you stand, on this very fundamental issue. But this is a very vivid example of what is at stake in this election because Donald Trump has been very clear.

He would give away the shop. He has been manipulated and is so clearly able to be manipulated by favor and flattery, including from dictators and autocrats around the world. And America knows that that is not how we stand. That is not how we fight. We fight in favor of our strength and our role as a leader in bringing the Allies together and standing for foundational and fundamental principles.

Yeah.

And I'm going to add for emphasis that -- let's also be clear about -- on the subject specifically of Ukraine. Donald Trump's approach would be to surrender. Understand what that would mean. That is signaling to the president of Russia he can get away with what he has done. Understand -- look at the map.

Poland would be next. NATO, our Allies, are -- the reason that they have been so thankful for the position of strength we have taken in bringing the Allies together is because they are fully aware of and remember, to the congresswoman's point, World War II. Remember, this concept of isolation, we were once there as a nation, and then Pearl Harbor happened.

Let's remember recent history. Europe remembers it well. We -- then when we got attacked, Pearl Harbor, we jumped in, and it is because America jumped in that we were ultimately able to win that war, and it should be a constant reminder to us, we have to remember history, that isolationism, which is exactly what Donald Trump is pushing, pull out of NATO, abandon our friends, isolationism is not insulation.

It is not insulation. It will not insulate us from harm in terms of our national security. So, I say that to emphasize a point that the congresswoman made. And the other point I'd make is also check out where he's been on how he thinks about America's military and servicemembers. One of the great, great American heroes, a prisoner of war, John McCain, remember how he talked about John McCain? He said he didn't like him because he got caught.

You look -- he's called members of our military suckers and losers. And then look at how some of the highest-ranking members of our military, including what I mentioned earlier, the chairman -- the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a dedicated member, leader in America's military, how he has assessed Donald Trump: fascism to his core. So, there we are.

Thank you. And I've actually met with members and leaders in the Chaldean community, and thank you for being here. You know, I think that there is something at stake that is about core values, as well as what is at stake in terms of the risk and the danger. And I would offer you an example of what I think would be an important issue that would affect the Chaldean community and all Americans.

For example, the issue of how we think about health care in America. So, I know enough about the culture and to know that it is reflective of who we are as Americans in general. We respect our elders. We take care of them. So, I will share with you a specific proposal that is an extension of how I think about things.

I -- actually, a personal story, I took care of my mother when she was sick. And for anyone taking care of or who has taken care of an elder relative, you know what that is. It's about trying to cook something they feel like eating. It is trying to find clothes that don't irritate their skin or help them put on a sweater.

It's about trying to figure out something you can say that will bring a smile to their face or make them laugh. It's about dignity. And we now have, in particular, in our country, a lot of people doing that and also raising young kids. We call them the sandwich generation, right in the middle. It's a lot.

And the way the system currently works -- well, God willing, you may have enough resources, you can hire somebody to come in and help. If not, you may have to spend down all of your savings to be able to qualify for Medicaid, or you may have to quit your job to be able to do what you need to do to take care of your children and take care of your older relative.

That's just not right, and it's not fair. So, part of my proposal and the plan is that we're going to now reconfigure so that Medicare covers home health care for our seniors, right? It's about dignity.  So, in addition to everything that we've discussed already about national security, what is at stake, something like this -- because I absolutely do believe America is ready for a new generation of leadership that is taking on issues clear-eyed about what is going on that affects everybody.

It doesn't matter, their political party. Issues that are fundamentally about dignity, also about economic issues, and taking it on in a way that we relieve the American people of the burdens that get in the way of productivity and a certain quality of life. And this is one example of that. I believe we need to have an economy that I call an opportunity economy, where everyone has the opportunity to thrive, not just get by but get ahead.

And this is one example I would offer under the broader point, which is about let's move forward, taking on problems from a common-sense approach that is about just practical work. Look, I am a capitalist. I am a pragmatic capitalist. I will work as I have with the private sector. I believe we have to invest in America's economy and in America's industry and America's entrepreneurs, and we can, at the same time, take care of those that are the most in need of just a little support to be able to not just get by but get ahead.

Not eating gummies.

Yeah.

You know, I wake up in the middle of the night usually these days, to be honest with you, but I work out every morning. I think that's really important to just kind of -- you know, mind, body, and spirit. But let me just say this.

I will. I work out. I try to eat well. You know, I love my family, and I make sure that I talk to the kids and my husband every day. We've been -- Doug and I have been kind of, you know, traveling. We're trying to cover a lot of ground, so we're not with each other every day these days, but my family grounds me in every way.

But let me -- if I can just speak to the -- what people are feeling. We cannot despair. We cannot despair. You know, the nature of a democracy is such that I think there's a duality. On the one hand, there's an incredible strength when our democracy is intact, an incredible strength in what it does to protect the freedoms and rights of its people.

Oh, there's great strength in that. And it is very fragile. It is only as strong as our willingness to fight for it. And so, that's the moment we're in. And I say do not despair because in a democracy, as long as we can keep it -- in our democracy, the people, every individual has the power to make a decision about what this will be, and that's -- and so let's not feel powerless.

Let's not let the -- and I get it. Overwhelming nature of this all make us feel powerless because then we have been defeated, and that's not our character as the American people. We are not one to be defeated. We rise to a moment, and we stand on broad shoulders of people who have fought this fight before for our country.

And in many ways, let us look at the challenge then that we are being presented and not be overwhelmed by it. The baton is now in our hands to fight for -- not against but for this country we love. That's what we have the power to do. So, let's own that, dare I say be joyful in what we will do in the process of owning that, which is knowing that we can and will build community and coalitions and remind people that we're all in this together.

Let's not let the overwhelming nature of this strip us of our strength. That's how I feel about this. You know, that's how I feel about this.