Good afternoon, UAW.  Good afternoon. Good afternoon.

Oh, it is good to be in the house of labor. It is good to be in the house of labor.

Thank you, all. Please have a seat. Please have a seat.

Okay. So, let me just say, first of all, can we hear it again for Tim Walz?  Isn't he spectacular?

You know, I have to tell -- people have been asking, "Well -- well, what do you and Tim Walz have in common?" And I said, "Well, you know, a whole lot. A whole lot." You know, we grew up the same way. We grew up in a community of people, you know -- I mean, he grew up in -- in Nebraska; me, Oakland, California --  -- seemingly worlds apart.

But the same people raised us: good people; hard-working people; people who had pride in their hard work; you know, people who had pride in knowing that we were a community of people who looked out for each other -- you know, raised by a community of folks who understood that the true measure of the strength of a leader is not based on who you beat down. It's based on who you lift up.

And, you know, there's some perversion that's happened in our country in the last several years where there's a suggestion that somehow strength is about making people feel small, making people feel alone. But isn't that the very opposite of what we know -- unions know to be strength?

It's about the collective. It's about understanding no one should ever be made to fight alone, that we are all in this together.

You know, you know why I fought my entire career for unions and labor? Because I understand the concept -- and the noble concept -- behind collective bargaining. And here it is. Here it is: fairness. Fairness. It's about saying, "Hey, in a negotiation, don't we all believe the outcome should be fair?" I mean, who could disagree with that? The outcome should be fair. It should be fair, right?

But when you're talking about the individual and a big company, and you're requiring that one individual to nego- -- negotiate against a big company --

-- how's that outcome going to be fair?

So, collective bargaining is about saying: Let the collective come together around a common experience, which, at its core, is about dignity and the dignity of labor.

And then let the people come together to negotiate so you make the balance, and then the outcome will be fair.

And isn't that what we're talking about in this here election? We're saying we just want fairness. We want dignity for all people. We want to recognize the right all people have to freedom and liberty, to make choices -- especially those that are about heart and home -- and not have their government telling them what to do.

Our campaign is about saying we trust the people, we see the people, we know the people. You know one of the things I love about our country? We are a nation of people who believe in those ideals that were foundational to what made us so special as a nation. We believe in those ideals.

And the sisters and brothers of labor have always fought for those ideals -- always fought for those ideals. And we know we are a work in progress. We haven't yet quite reached all of those ideals, but we will die trying because we love our country and we believe in who we are.

And that's what our campaign is about. We love our country. We believe in our country. We believe in each other. We believe in the collective. We're not falling for these folks who are trying to divide us, trying to separate us, trying to pull us apart. That's not where the strength lies.

And there is that.

And so, I say to all the members of UAW -- and Shawn Fain is the first who I talked to about this -- I am so deeply honored, as a lifelong supporter of union labor, for Tim and I to have the endorsement of UAW.  So deeply honored because you walk your walk -- you walk your walk.

And what we know -- like we have talked about, we got 89 days to get this done. You know, the one thing about all of us is we like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is good work.

The thing that we like about hard work is we have fun doing hard work because we know what we stand for. And that's a big part of this campaign. You know, when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for.  We know what we stand for. And we stand for the people. And we stand for the dignity of work. And we stand for freedom. We stand for justice. We stand for equality.

And so, we will fight for all of it.

And the bottom line about UAW is that I also know -- and I'll say to all the friends watching: Look, even if you're not a member of a union, you better thank unions --  -- for that five-day workweek. You better thank unions for that eight-hour workday. You better thank unions for that vacation time.

So, I'm here to say thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you to the sisters and brothers of UAW for all you are and all we will do over these next 89 days.

God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. We're going to get this done.