I just want to drop by and thank everybody for all you are doing. This truly represents the best of who we are, just reaching out to folks, letting them know that we're all in it together, reminding them of the power of their vote through their voice. This is just the best, best, best. And I just thank you all so very much.

And I am just like interrupting.  Keep your call. OK. Yeah.  Alexandria , it's Kamala Harris. Hi. How you doing? I am well. I just came by because you have all these incredible people from every background who are all here volunteering to make calls to reach out to our fellow Americans to remind you of how important we vote.

How you doing? Have you voted already? You did? Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you so very much. You know, it's -- it's so important that everybody participates and -- and I thank you because I'm sure you got a lot of other things you could be doing, but taking the time to vote, it really does .

So, thank you for that. And you enjoy your day, OK?

This is a working phone bank.  everybody.

Uh-oh. Jennifer , it's Kamala Harris. How are you? I am well. I just wanted to call and check in and make sure you know where you can go vote if you haven't already. Have you voted yet? Oh, thank you. Thank you so very much, and thank you for just being active and participating in this very, very important process which is the foundation of our democracy.

And we can't do it without people like you, knowing our

Oh, good. What's -- what's your name?

Sage?

Hi, it's Kamala Harris. I can't wait for you to grow 10 years more. But --

Oh. You know what, I -- I -- this is so important. We have so much work to do to just keep reinforcing the Department of Education and getting all the resources there. And, Sage , I can tell you're really smart, and you're working really hard. I'm counting on you, OK, because you are still a leader at every age that you are at.

Eight years old, that's a serious leadership. So, you're in third grade? Yeah. Second grade?  Oh, I thank you. Thanks for the time, and please take care, OK?

that's so important. How are you doing?

That's so very nice. That's very kind and thoughtful. I appreciate it. Thank you, thank you, thank you, my dear. That's very nice. I appreciate that. Thank you very much, and we are all doing this together. That's right. We are all doing this together. Thank you. I thank you. .

You too -- all of us. OK. Oh, I'm so excited about that. Oh, you are? Oh, I'm so -- well, you know, and I just actually did some Milwaukee radio interviews this morning. But what -- I -- the Milwaukee small business, just the community, it's just thriving. So, I'm looking forward to paying attention to your work in supporting it.

And -- and thank you. Thank you for all of that, and thank you for taking the time. And we have all these volunteers here you'd be really excited to know. There's just a lot of young people who are here calling the neighbors all over the country. Yes. And tell them I said hello. OK. Thank you, my dear. OK. Have a good day. Bye-bye.

The vote is out here. Got to talk to voters. Caroline  -- Carolyn ? Hi, Carolyn . It's Kamala. Hi, how are you? I'm looking at you and you're looking at me? Oh, there's a live camera somewhere here. Where -- which camera is -- which -- this is -- OK, I'm waving at you. This is waving at you.

OK. Can you see I'm here with all these great volunteers who are calling people to remind them to vote.  You take care of yourself, OK? Thank you for all . Thank you. Take care. Bye.

I decided to pop in.