Are some of the kids here now?

Hi. Hi. All right. No problem.  Oh, I'm so proud of you guys. I -- come here. You can come a second time. I'm so proud of you, guys.

I just love seeing our young leaders, and I'm -- and the coach has been telling me about how well you guys are doing and how hard you're working and how disciplined you all are and how smart you are.

And, you know, the reason I do what I do is because of you all. And when I look at you, I know the future of our country is so bright. I'm counting on you. guys. And I think you know that you all were born leaders and it's just a matter of when you decide to lead. And I am so happy that you decided at such an early age to be leaders.

I really am. And you guys know that you're part of the role model club, right? Right? So, the role model club is our club, right? And our club of role models means that people will watch you, like your siblings, your brothers and your sisters, or your cousins, or your neighbors, and they'll say, "Oh, they're so good at basketball. And they have friends and they're part of a team. And they take schoolwork seriously."

And they're looking at you and saying, "Oh, that's a leader." And they're watching how you do what you do to think about what they can do and to see the greatness in themselves because of what you guys do. And so, that's all of us being in the role model club. You guys are role models, and I'm so proud of you.

So, you keep it up. How's it going? When was the last game you guys played? Yesterday, right?

Last weekend? How did we do?

You could have done better. Tell me what happened. What happened?

Uh-huh.

They were really tall?

They were. Yeah. Well, but, you know, skill can make up for height, right? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What else? What happened?

They were eighth graders?

You guys played against eighth graders? Wow.

Good for -- you played against high schoolers?

No.

Did they say they were middle schoolers when they were actually high schoolers? What happened? What happened?

An adult man.

That's exactly right.

Communicate better. What else?

That's very important. And what else?

That's right. Improvement, right? That's very important. Like, we all make mistakes and we all have days where we're just like not at our peak, right? And then you just have to think about, OK, what went into that, and then you just do it again and you try harder the next time, right? That's part of life.

That's part of life. That's the path to running for president of the United States. Uh-huh. It's -- it's just like that, right? So, how else -- what else? What's going on? Do you have any questions? Yes, you just have a lot to say. What else? What is your name?

Phoenix.

Kamala Harris. Nice to meet you.

What you got, Phoenix?

That's exactly right. I like that. You know, I like to say chin up, shoulders back, right? Always. That's how I see it. I saw those -- those chins go up. That's exactly right, and you know that. And you have to know this other thing. Whenever you walk into a room, like if your coaches aren't there and your friends and family aren't there and you're feeling like, oh, I'm in here alone, you have to remember that everyone who cares about you and is proud of you, they're walking in those rooms with you, right? So, you always walk in those rooms with your chin up and your shoulders back, right, knowing that there are so many of us who are so proud of you and we are applauding you on.

It's like when you guys hit the court, right, during the game and you know how you're feeling and you know like your teammates are behind you and your coaches are rooting for you, that's how I want you to go into life, OK? That's how I want you to go into life. Does that make sense?

Yes? What you got? What's going on? What happened with that last game? What happened? Communication, that was the issue?

I've heard  Tell me.

Yes.

Student first.

That's true. And what goes into good grades?

Privilege in college, right.

And good high schools. That's true.

And how do you get good grades? What do you need to do to get good grades?

Paying attention and working hard. You have to learn. You know, your -- so this is how I think about the brain. So, you know how you work -- you're building up your muscles? You know your brain is a muscle. And so, think of your brain as a muscle, right? That's how I think of the brain, it's a muscle.

And when you exercise it, it gets stronger, right? So, like, when you read a lot, it gets stronger, right? When you're paying attention and you're learning new things, it gets stronger. That's how I think the brain works. It's like a muscle, like when you guys are practicing, right? Yeah, that's how it works.

And then you just get smarter and smarter and smarter. It's exactly how it works. What else? What else? Come on. I'm here to learn some lessons from you guys. What else?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, middle school is kind of weird, isn't it? It's a little weird. Yeah. You're like right between -- right, isn't it? What's your name?

Yeah, it's kind of weird, middle school, isn't it?

Yeah. Tell me why it's weird for you. It's just like between elementary school and high school. Like, where are you going, right? You know where you've been, you know where you're going, but middle school, how's that been?

Yeah?

All right.

That's right. Yeah. Have you thought about which college you want to go to? Not yet? Yeah. But you know what I like, it's really good to also focus on what's right in front of you.