Thank you so much.

Hi. Nice to meet you.

Nice to see you.

It's nice to meet you.

Hi. Thank you. I appreciate all your time.

Nobody tell.

Thank you. I want to see you.  Call me?

Hi.

OK. One day at a time. One day at a time.

Hi.

We really

Hi.

And the mayor  right?

Yeah, we're going to win.

Thirteen days. Lots of work to do.

Of course.

I know. Good to see you.

Hi, Priya.

In DC?

What year were you?

You're what year then?

OK. Right. So, you got through the hard part, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's all .

OK, I will.

Come, Mayor.

Of course. Come out here.

Hi, Chairman. Thank you for everything, always.

I know. Chairman, how you doing?

Very well, sir. Thirteen days to go.

Right.

Yeah. You've been all the way. You have been there. Thank you.

Oh, yes, of course.

Yes

Thank you.

Thank you over there.

Mayor, what's your favorite?

Hi. You have a

You have a business?

So, hi, everyone. Listen, I -- I wanted to just stop by to say I am so grateful to all of you for what you are doing. Everyone has a busy life, many obligations and many

Volunteered your time to help organize this work that is about finding ourselves and each other, that we are all in this together. It is so extremely important. Many of you have heard my speeches many times, and one of the things that I talked about and mean so sincerely and you all are putting into action is the fact that real leadership is about lifting each other up.

And that's what you all are doing, and you are showing what that spirit looks like in action. And it is empowering. And the work that you all are doing, yes, it is about this election, knock on wood, God-willing, we are going to win.  And -- and I will say, in the process, because of all that you all are doing, we are building community.

We are building coalitions.  We are reminding people of one of the motivations behind our campaign, which is we all have so much more in common than what separates us.   And that we are going to, as we all say, turn the page  on an era that was about trying to have people point fingers at each other, trying to suggest that there is -- there are these issues that divide us when the most fundamental important issues we care about unify us.

And so, you all are putting that into action every moment of each day you've been doing this work. We have 13 days to go, and I am so deeply thankful to you. You are having an impact on, for the most part, people that you may never end up meeting because your work here will impact people around the country. Understand that.

You are having an impact on people you may never meet, people who may never know your name, but because of the time and the heart --

And the effort you are putting into this, you are going to forever impact people in a very important and positive way. And this is about the fact that we love our country --

And we are prepared to fight for the best of who we are. And so, I thank you. I thank you. And in front of all the friends, I thank your mayor. I thank your mayor because this force -- this force has been extraordinary, and I know she has been organizing folks and here on the ground really just reminding people of what is at stake, both for this beautiful city and for the state and for our country.

And so, Mayor, in front of everybody, I want to thank you.

Thank you, all, so very much.

Are you -- are you looking at all of this? Oh, my God. Hi. Hi, everyone.  Thank you.

Yeah. Opal  --

Let's give her something, OK?

Oh, my God. Look at that.

What's your name?

M-I-C --

OK.

Will do, my dear.

You knew what -- this is my triple chocolate cake?

It is my pastrami on rye?

Oh, look at the smoked fish. Oh, my God.

This is awesome, Mayor. I'm definitely coming back.

Right here.

There we go.

Bye-bye. Thank you, guys. Thank you.

Pastrami on rye and a slice of German chocolate cake.