Well, thank you all for allowing us to have this conversation. And one of the reasons that I wanted to visit with you is you all are on the ground doing this very, very critical and important work. And since the Dobbs decision came down two years ago, I do believe that we as a country have faced a health care crisis, and, yes, it includes the concern that we have about people's access to abortion care and then the punishing of women, the criminalization of health care providers, but also we've seen clinics close around the country that provide all types of care, from Paps to breast cancer screenings, HIV testing, and so much else and just safe places for people to go.

I know there's also been an impact in terms of students thinking about their career as physicians and what type of practice they would actually engage in and where they would go. We've been talking about health care deserts --

-- which we know is a long-standing concern but then exasperated by what we've seen most recently. And so, I wanted to ask you, the experts, the trained and experienced folks who do the noble and important work of health care, to share a bit about how you are experiencing this moment in a way that can highlight the realities of this moment, the harm, and the reason why people, like here in the state of Michigan, should be concerned even though they're not in Texas, where I was and just left, but understanding if there were a national abortion ban, what it would mean for women and people throughout the country.

So, Doctor, if you want to lead the discussion, but I would love to hear from you.

And -- and including, to your point, prenatal care, postpartum care -- all of that work that is done by physicians and -- and folks such as you and -- and existing, in many states with the fear that if you then do that work, somehow you may be punished or criminalized for doing that work.

Yeah. How do you think about this in the context of what is happening in your profession and with -- I -- I know -- I know you, even though we've all met just now, well enough to know that you are active in your profession --

-- and probably very much in touch with your colleagues from around the country. How are physicians and medical students talking about this moment right now and the fears, the challenges, the concerns and also what you would like to do in terms of -- now you have all these microphones in front of you -- right? -- the public education about what this moment means from your perspective?

It does -- this moment does require, among many things, knowledge about what's going on and also just empathy, which is when we know that there are people who are suffering, don't we, collectively, as a society, want to end that suffering and give them the care they need with the dignity they deserve. What else would you each or all like to share wh- -- while we have all these folks here, who can, I think, benefit -- and I certainly can -- from what you all can share, in terms of what you see uniquely that we may not see about the effect of Dobbs in this moment on your profession, on your clients, on your -- on your patients, on your community?

How are you thinking about this moment in terms of even just what we do legislatively, what we do from a policy perspective?

Right. Or, to your point, overwhelmed -- right? -- in terms of you are taking in patients from states surrounding a state that still provides care and -- and do you have the hours --

-- and do you have the personnel and staff to be able to actually handle it.