Good evening, everyone. Good evening.

It is good to be back. You — you know, I — so, Tony Evers.

That's funny about his playlist. Is it really that long?

Okay.

Every time I — I land in Wisconsin — almost every time, Tony Evers, the governor, will meet me on the tarmac. And because I did live in Wisconsin when I was five years old, every —  — he will say, "Welcome home." So, I do feel and have a connection to Wisconsin and feel a sense of connection.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I start from the belief, based on the lived experience, that the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us.

I also know that you all are here spending time that you could be spending doing a number of other things, with all of the obligations you each have, and you are here because we, together, love our country. We love our country, and we believe in the foundational principles that are at stake in this election.

I believe that when we think about who we are as the American people, there is more we have in common than what separates us when we think about what is at stake in terms of our democracy, rule of law, the Constitution of the United States, national security, the standing of our country in the context of the world. All of that is at stake.

And I will share with you, Charlie, when I was in the Senate for — for those four years that I was there, my favorite committee was the Senate Intelligence Committee, and I'm going to tell you why. We would walk into that meeting in a SCIF, which is a — a secure room. We'd have to leave our cell phones outside. The press, with all due respect, were not allowed in. No cameras.

People would walk in, Democrats and Republicans, take off their suit jacket, roll up their sleeves, and we'd dispense with who was a Republican and who was a Democrat. We were all Americans. We were all in that room with one singular purpose: to concern ourselves as our highest priority with the security and well-being of the United States of America.

I think those things are at stake in this election.

Yeah.

Well, I — I wonder what is he hiding. I also wonder what his staff is trying to hide by — by preventing or suggesting he not debate me again, not do these interviews. It is the norm, as you know, that presidential nominees will do a "60 Minutes" interview. He has refused to do that. He is pulling out of interviews left, right, and center.

And I think that we — what we see about him in public, whether it be his rallies or, as you said, the — the — would it — would it be called a — just a solo dance? I — I don't — I — .

What — . Yes.

What — what that was.

I — I think it does lead us and it should lead us to observe that he is increasingly unstable.

But you don't have to take my word for it. Listen to the people who know him best, the people who worked with him in the White House, in the Oval Office, in the Situation Room: his former chief of staff; two former secretaries of Defense, his secretaries of Defense; his former national security advisor; and, of course, his former vice president. And they have each talked about the — the chief of staff — that Donald Trump has contempt for the Constitution of the United States.

Not only has that been said by a former chief of staff of the former president, but we know he has openly talked about his intention to terminate the Constitution of the United States.

I have taken that oath six times: as district attorney twice — elected and reelected; as attorney general of the largest state, in California, twice; as a United States senator; and actually now as vice president. And the congresswoman and I have talked about that. That is an oath one must take seriously. It is a duty to defend and honor and uphold the Constitution of the United States.

He has said he would terminate it. Anyone who wants to be president of the United States should never again be able to stand behind the seal of the president of the United States, having said they would terminate the Constitution of the United States.

And, again, most recently, the report is that the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a decorated general, said of Donald Trump that he is "fascist to the core." These are the people who know him best, people who worked with him.

And so, yes, we can talk about that moment on stage of the music and all that, but I think it's very important that we acknowledge, and I have said publicly, Donald Trump is an unserious man, and the consequences of him ever being president of the United States again are brutally serious — brutally serious.

I — to — to the congresswoman's point, I have now, as vice president of the United States, met over 150 world leaders — presidents, prime ministers, chancellors, and kings — many of them, multiple times; we are on a first-name basis — most of them allies in connection with NATO, and — and I've met with them in connection with our standing, rightly, with Ukraine. The world is watching this election, and our allies are worried, because the reality is that when we, as the United States of America, walk in these rooms around the world, we walk in chin up, shoulders back, with the earned and self-appointed authority to talk about the importance of democracy and rule of law.

And being a role model — this is a room of role models — we know, as a role model, people watch what you do to see if it matches up to what you say.

One of my very real fears, Charlie, to be candid, is I hope that we, as the American people, fully understand how important America is to the world. I hope we really, really understand that —  — because this is about what will happen to and — and with us as Americans, but it will impact people around the world.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Publicly, yeah.

And — and I'll add to that point: Understand also what happened in the last few months when the Supreme Court essentially told the former president he will be immune from anything he does in office. So, whereas, before, there was at least some threat of consequence and accountability, that no longer exists.

And to the congresswoman's point, imagine Donald Trump — based on everything we know about him and everything we see now and before — imagine him with no guardrails, because all of those folks who worked with him before, they're not — those who held him back, who attempted to ensure that he would follow the law are no longer there. And — and we have the Supreme Court decision, so the stakes are very high.

Hi.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, to your point, when Donald Trump was president, he hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe, and they did as he intended. And now there are at least 20 states in our country that have criminalized health care providers, to your point.

I mean, in Texas, the — the law provides for prison for life for a doctor, nurse, health care provider for doing what they believe is health care and in the best interest of their patient.

Punishing women. I was actually just this week, just a few days ago, in the state of Georgia with the mother of a young woman who died because of Georgia's abortion ban, and she had to go to another state. And it's a long and very tragic story that did not have to be.

And here's how I think about this issue. One does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree that the government — these folks in a state capitol, much less Donald Trump — should not be making this decision for her. If she chooses, she will talk with her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, her imam, but not the government.

And — and I also have found, though, since the two years that the Dobbs decision came down, that this happened, I have had conversations with a number of people who were opposed to abortion and remain opposed to it but did not intend for the harm that we are seeing to happen. And I think as this has — this decision came down and we are seeing the harm, there are more and more people who are agreeing that this should not be the government making this decision for women and their families.

And the way that we will address this is, eventually, Congress needs to pass a law restoring those protections, and we need to agree that, in our society, you know, we should not have laws that are treating people in a way that is causing such harm.

I'll give you another example of the harm that is going on. I started my career as a prosecutor. I have prosecuted everything from low-level offenses to homicides. But one of the reasons I became a prosecutor is because, when I was in high school, I learned that my best friend was being molested by her stepfather. And so, I said to her, "You have to come live with us." I called my mother. My mother said, "Of course," and she did. And I made a decision early in my life that I wanted to do the work that was about protecting vulnerable people.

There are some of these bans that include no exception for rape or incest. I have specialized in those kinds of cases. And the — the notion that we would tell a survivor of a crime that is a violation to their body that they have no right to make a decision about what happens to their body next — I mean, I think that's just unconscionable. I think it's immoral.

And so, this is one of the issues that is at play. And when this issue has been on the ballot, since the Dobbs decision came down, in so-called red states and so-called blue states, the American people have voted for freedom.

So, first of all, thank you for your question. Actually, just today, I believe it was — within the last 24 hours or so — an independent review of Donald Trump's policy on Social Security has indicated that, under his policy, Social Security would become insolvent in six years.

And what I and you and, I think, most of us know is that we have many, many seniors in our country where their Social Security check is their only form of income. It's everything and the only thing they have to live on, to pay rent, groceries, all of that. And so, we must protect Social Security.

If you look at Donald Trump's Project 2025, the — the plan that they have if he is elected — or reelected president, it — it would attack Social Security. It would attack Medicare.

And back to the point about just what is in the interest of dignity. The president of the United States should have as one of their highest concerns the dignity of the American people and, in particular, those who have lived a productive life, who deserve to be able to retire and go into their senior years with the dignity of not worrying about whether they're going to have a roof over their head or be able to eat.

So, my plan includes what we need to do to strengthen the solvency of Social Security. It includes what we're going to need to do and work with Congress to make sure we're putting more into it. And it cannot be about cutting benefits, because right now, those benefits are barely adequate as it is.

What we must also do is continue to strengthen Medicare around what we've been working on, which is to allow Medicare to negotiate prescription medication costs for our seniors.

So, in the last four years, we have now capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors. This is a huge issue for so many who have otherwise either taken a bus trip to Canada to try and get their prescription medication — you're smiling; you know what I'm talking about — or — not that you have; I'm not suggesting that.  I'm not suggesting that. And we've also capped the cost of — of prescription medication at $2,000 a year for our seniors, understanding, again, that this is a related issue, which is what is causing our seniors to be on the verge of bankruptcy and — and homelessness, by the way.

The other work that we have to do is to deal with home health care and how Medicare is covering that.

So, part of my plan is — right now, the only way that there will be coverage for home health care is, generally speaking, Medicaid, which means that the family or the individual would have to spend down all of their savings to be able to be eligible for Medicaid. And, frankly, I think it's just — that's — that's wrong, and it's — it's just wrong.

You know, I took care of my mother when she was sick, and the work that needs to happen to support our seniors to be able to stay in their home, to be able to live a life with dignity should include that we will pay attention to the fact that not everybody can afford that help, not everyone has a family member who can do it.

And so, my plan includes having Medicare cover home health care work for seniors —  — so that you can stay in your home, for example, and have someone who can prepare a meal and help you put on a sweater. But the — the core point being dignity and understanding that we should not have a society that allows or requires our seniors to — to go into poverty in order to qualify for the care that they may need that, I think, we — most would agree — should provide.

Thank you.

Take your time. Take your time.

Yeah.

So, I think that Dan raised — and, Charlie, your point is — is really also hitting on we have to tap into and — and rejoice, frankly, in the spirit of who we are as Americans. And we are an ambitious people. We have aspirations. We have dreams. We are optimistic by nature. And we, I think, value certain qualities in our leaders.

To your point as — being a teacher, all of — those of us who are parents or parent in any form, the — the notion over the last several years coming from Trump and those who follow him, meaning people like who he's running with — not his voters, but just others — the notion that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down is just wrongheaded.

I think most of us would agree that the — that the real measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up. I think most of us would agree —  — and most of us would agree that it is — when we talk about character, it is the sign of strong character to have empathy, to have some level of concern and care about the well-being of other people and then to do something about that.

And I think there's so much about this election that calls into question whether we are on a track with a Donald Trump as president to actually teach and to — and to show our children our definition of a leader, and is that it.

One of the issues that I think has resulted in the kind of toxicity that you have been describing is that he tends to encourage us as Americans to point our fingers at each other. That's not in our best interest. The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.

We are stronger as a nation when we are working toward a common goal, at least on the most basic, fundamental priorities.

And I think in this election, you can look at, for example, how he presents in his — in his events to know that he really does not have a plan for America that is about investing in our future, investing in our children, investing in — in our economies and new industries, investing in our relationships around the world. It's all about himself and his personal grievances. And do we want a president of the United States who spends full time plotting revenge while they sit in the Oval Office or a president who is actually focused on the American people?

I would also say, as a — as a point that I think the congresswoman exemplifies in so many ways, the strength of our democracy requires a strong two-party system. It really does.  It requires that we have healthy debate — that we have healthy debate based on — you know, based in logic and fact and that we — we debate it out — have good, vigorous debates — have a good fight over policy. That's good for democracy. But not to point our fingers and call each other names over trivial, petty grievances.

So, I think all of that is at stake in this election, and — and tapping into the commonalities that we have around some of these fundamental principles, I think, is going to be key.

Yes.

Yeah.

Yep.

Yep.

And — and just to — thank you. Thank you.

But — but just as a point of emphasis on this important point: Understand that this is an individual, Donald Trump, who is easily manipulated by flattery, and we've seen that. We've — don't forget he — he dared to even consider vi- — inviting the Taliban to Camp David. Remember all this. The love letters with Kim Jong Un.

Let's remember what we just most recently — what was reported. During the height of COVID, Americans were dying by the hundreds a day. Nobody could get their hands on COVID tests. You remember what that was. During that time, he secretly sent COVID tests to Vladimir Putin for his personal use.

On the issue of Ukraine, he says, "Oh, well, I'd solve that in a day." Well, I don't think we as Americans think that the president of the United States should solve an issue like that through surrender, and understand that's what would happen.  Understand that's what would happen. Vladimir Putin would be sitting in Kyiv if Donald Trump were president.

And understand what that means as — so much that our allies understand, and that's why they're concerned about this election. If — if Putin were to get away with invading the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine because America, the leader in bringing the allies together in standing for fundamental international rules and norms, like sovereignty and territorial integrity — if Vladimir Putin got away with that, you think he wouldn't march next right into Poland and the rest of Europe? Because Donald Trump wants to please somebody that he considers to be a strongman, who he admires?

So, on this and so many issues, the stakes are extremely high.

But I — I would say this as — as a final point for now. This is not as much an issue of what we are against as what we are for. And I'll end my point where I started: We love our country, and our country is worth fighting for.  And that's how I think of this.

We — our — our democracy will only be as strong as our willingness to fight for it. And you all are taking your time out of your lives to be here because we, I think, agree on that among the most fundamental principles at stake.

And I thank you for the time you've taken, and I hope to earn your vote, by the way.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.