So, I've been reading about you all and hearing about you and your excellence and how you work as a team. And we've got 79 days to go until the election, but we wanted to stop by and I wanted to stop by so I could tell you all in person, looking at each of you in your eyes, that our nation is counting on you and your excellence.

We applaud your ambition. You want to compete. You want to win. And I will tell you that we, as a country, deserve to give you every opportunity that you have to achieve your excellence, that you were born with, that is God-given. And that is going to be laying the path to the future of our nation. You all are the future of our country, and you all have known from the day you were born.

We're all born leaders, and it's just a matter of when people decide to turn that on. The fact that you're on this field today tells me you decided to turn it on at an early stage of your life, to be a leader and to be a role model. And, you know, it's not easy being a role model. Welcome to the role model club, right?

Being a role model means that members of your family, people you know in the neighborhood, others, your classmates, they watch you to see what you do, what goes into that kind of excellence, what goes into being a winning team. And you all has taken it upon yourselves to take on that responsibility of being role models and to inspire people you may not even know are watching you to see how you can achieve success.

And by doing that and all that that requires, which is the hard work, the practice, working as a team, knowing that you will be undefeated even if you don't win every game, but no circumstance or event or moment will defeat your spirit and your fight and your preparedness to win and excel, that nothing will dampen your spirit of excellence, that's what I'm counting on from each of you.

And that's what makes our nation strong. So, you keep doing what you're doing and know that there are so many people you may not see at any one moment who are cheering you on. When they're in the stands, when you're in your classroom, when you are living your life on a daily basis, know that we are applauding you in everything that you are doing on this field when you are playing and off this field, when you are just being the leaders that I know you are.

You wouldn't be able to be such a successful team if you weren't leaders in every way. And the last point I'll make is this. One of the other things that we really are counting on for your leadership is to remind folks that we are a team, right? Everybody has a little bit that's different about them, but within the vast majority of us who have seemingly differences -- the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And you guys know that.

You know that in the way you operate as one team. So, take that spirit with you in everything that you do. I'm counting on your leadership. Our nation is counting on you guys. And go out and win some games, and I'll see you later. OK. Thank you.