Lourdes, thank you. Thank you for that introduction and your leadership and reminding us of recent history. And I really appreciate you. So, thank you. Thank you to everybody. And Representative Pearson, it is so good to see you. You have been such a courageous and bold leader, and it is so wonderful to have your leadership in our campaign as well.

And, Chloe, thank you also. I mean, you all are just -- this is what our campaign is. It's about a people-powered campaign. And to everyone joining, good afternoon. It's so incredible to be here with all these young leaders, organizers, and volunteers from across our country. Look, I was actually -- I was in Pennsylvania yesterday meeting with a group of our young volunteers.

And I'll tell you what I said to them. Your generation is killing it. I mean, honestly, you are one of the reasons that I am so optimistic and excited about the future of our country. Your generation -- I mean, you guys, you're brilliant, you care, you are impatient in every incredible good way, you're not waiting for someone else to step up and lead, you are saying you're going to step up and get it done.

And, I mean, isn't that the spirit of our country that makes us strong? I -- so, I just -- I thank you all. You know, when I meet with young leaders across our country, it is clear to me that your generation with your unique lived experiences understand what is at stake for your future and for the future of our country.

You know, your generation has only known the climate crisis. We must tackle, obviously, the climate crisis with bold action and ambition to ensure that those who are here and have yet to come are going to inherit a livable planet. Your generation has witnessed the highest court in our land take away a fundamental right, the right to make decisions about your own body and not have your government tell you what to do.

And you know that you will, right as of now, grow up with fewer rights than your mothers or grandmothers. And, obviously, that's not right, and we need to do everything we can to restore reproductive freedom because, of course, people should be able to make decisions. Women should be able to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do.

Your generation has grown up with active shooter drills from the very beginning of your education, and you know more than most, you understand the trauma associated with the epidemic of gun violence, not to mention the tragedy of the loss associated with gun violence. And look, you know that you should be able to go to a concert or go to class without worrying about being shot.

All this and more is at stake in this election. November 5th is just 48 days from now, and early voting is already starting in some states. So, what we need to do and what I know you are prepared to do, we need to knock on doors. We need to talk with folks who may be perfect strangers but, in their face, we see a neighbor.

That's the spirit with which we do our work. We need to register voters. We need to text our friends and family members and classmates and remind them of how important they are and how important this election is. And it's going to be hard work. But we like hard work. Hard work is good work. So, let's get to it and energize and organize and mobilize.

And look, guys, here's the thing. We're going to win this campaign. It's going to be a lot of hard work, and we are going to win. And here's what I ask of you. Winning, we must and we will do. But leading up to that in these next 48 days, let's also be intentional on building community. Let's be intentional on building coalitions.

Let's be intentional in interacting with people in a way that we remind them that they are not alone and that they have power and that we see their power. I think it's so important. There's so much about what's wrong that suggests to people that they're alone, that they don't have community, that they're, you know, somehow small or unimportant.

And our campaign is about the people and lifting each other up. So, let's do all of that on our path to victory, and please go to kamalaharris.com to join our fight. And always remember, your vote is your voice. Your voice is your power. And we're never letting anyone take our power from us. And then, ultimately, we know when we fight, we win.

Take care, everyone. I'll see you out there. Thank you again.