Hi, guys.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Thank you.

Good to meet you. Thank you.

need to come here. Are you in the apprenticeship program? You are?

You're third year? What year are you?

Second. Uh-huh.

Thank you for your work.

You've got jokes.

Yeah.

Right.

Right.

Yeah. Yeah.

Right.

Right.

Well, let me just tell you something. I love these apprenticeship programs, and it's so -- I could just see how excited you guys are, how passionate you are. And to your point, the apprenticeship programs are about difficult training, right? These -- these guys are tough on you, but they have a high standard, and you guys will meet it.

And the point that you're making also is, the apprenticeship program, it's about training people with some of the highest levels of skill that we could want and hope to see in terms of who's going to be building America.

But the other thing that you all provide is you see the person as a whole person.

You're not simply looking at these young men as workers. You're looking at them as people who live in the context of their family who have aspirations and dreams. And unions really do provide families.

Especially for young people through the apprenticeship. And I know it. I -- I've been working with apprenticeship programs and, I mean, building trades, painters union my entire career. To your point, way back 20 years ago, I started a whole program around getting young men into training out of the criminal justice system.

And the apprenticeship programs were my best partners, particularly through the building trades, to have a place for these young men to go where folks are going to mentor them. Where you are going to be tough, but you see them, you understand their value.

So, I hear you, and that's why I wanted to come and visit and talk about you guys when I leave because that's what I'm going to do.

Yeah, Tommy, come on. Show me what you'd show me.

And then we were very intentional about making sure that the certified apprenticeship program would be what are required in terms of filling the jobs for all the money that we fit in the streets, to your point, for all these projects that are about building back up America's infrastructure. And, you know, I'm clear about it.

First of all, I'm always going to support the . The second piece of it is . Right? It's highly skilled.

You know so -- and if you want to get the job done on time, right --

.

And then you graduate -- and also you don't have to go through this intensive educational program .

Because again, you see the full person. You got rent to pay.

Right?

Right.

Yeah. Yeah.

Right.

Sean ? How you doing?

Right.

Right. Right. Well, you guys -- I mean, the tradition -- I was just talking to folks earlier, but you guys do your work based on long-standing traditions of what is the highest skilled kind of work. But also in the -- in the future, you all are looking at industries of the future in terms of how you're transitioning also to make the batteries and all of that is still part of your training and the work that we do going forward. It's really outstanding.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

And you got pensions.

And you've got sick leave and health care.

And a quality of life where you are recognized for the dignity of your work.

No, I get that. I get that. This is great, guys. This is really great. Thank you for your work.

Right. That's for amateurs.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah. Yeah.

So, wait. Can you -- what's the technique?

Like how do you -- how do you ?

Bristle manipulation.

OK, got it.

Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. There's a science to it.

And you're teaching them pride in their work, too. Yeah.

That's wonderful. This is wonderful, guys. This is really great. Thank you.

Oh, OK. Oh, good.  OK, now

Thank you.

Thank you for the welcome. I appreciate you all.

Great to see you. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate you. Thank you very much. We're old friends.

Nice to see you. We're old friends, too.

Thank you.

Of course.

They're going to talk about you.

We're old friends. How you doing? Thank you. Thank you for the warm welcome. Thank you, all.

Well, you know what, you guys make it easy. I mean, look, I as you know I am a long-standing supporter and friend of unions and labor. And -- and the Painters Union, I'm honored to have your support in this election. But look, you guys are the ones who make it easy. This is highly skilled work. You do it with a sense of pride.

You do it with a sense of commitment. You are making our country stronger and better by the work that you do. We just talked about the industrial work that you're doing, whether it's about a bridge, whether it's about what we're doing to invest in technology and the future industries. You're transitioning also into batteries, all that work.

And it's highly skilled work. And I love, for example, the apprenticeship programs and building up America's workforce around training and, again, the highest of skills. The work that you were doing through an apprenticeship program that's also about building community and family for the people who enter it.

It's about pride in work. It's about the dignity of work. The reason that I have fought for things like pensions is it's literally about the dignity of work. You work hard. You deserve, at the point that you're going to retire, to be able to retire with dignity. And we have to value the skill. You know, my opponent, he doesn't understand the importance of unions at all.

No. But he's -- he's just -- he gives a lot of --

He gives a lot of talk about what he cares about. But on the issue specifically of what is good for unions and union labor, he's been awful. You look at what he did when he was -- president with the NLRB, the National Labor Relations Board, a bunch of union busters. You look when he talks to his buddies, right, his billionaire buddies.

Remember, he did the tax cut for billionaires and big corporations. He's not working -- he's not working for or concerned about working people, middle-class people. And then when he's talking to his buddy, he jokes about, "Yeah, if they're striking, you should fire them." But what I know America understands about union labor is it's just about fairness, and it is about dignity.

Wherever I go, I tell people, "Look, if you've got a five-day workweek, if you've got sick time, if you've got vacation time, if you have a pension, thank a union member. Thank unions." Because whether somebody is a member of a union or not, union labor and hard work is so much of what fought for workers rights across the board.

So, look, I'm here. I'm here for you. We have an election coming up in eight days.

And we are winning.  We're winning. We're winning. And -- and because we stand for certain basic principles and we know -- we know when we know what we stand for. We know what to fight for.

Right.

Right.

And you're right. I mean, you look at -- you look at how he just -- he -- he talks down to the American people. He -- he degrades who we are as America instead of fighting for who we are in terms of our capacity. I look at our young leaders, they deserve to have a leader and a President of United States who is not only optimistic but ambitious about what we can do.

Donald Trump just recently talked about how he would get rid of CHIPS. The number of jobs for the Painters Union members, Building Trades members writ large, what we did with the Inflation Reduction Act, the jobs we've created there, the work that we've done that's been about partnering with the private sector to create incentives for them to put the money into it and also prioritizing, as I always will, letting them know as we create these jobs, put them through your apprenticeship programs, let's make those union jobs and good-paying jobs, all of that is at stake.

But it's a -- it's also about an approach and a value and character. And right now, you know, I've been saying, look, imagine January 20th, because there will be -- one of us is going to be elected. And one of us is going to be sitting in the Oval Office on January 20th. And it's a choice on many levels, including whether you want Donald Trump sitting in the Oval Office, stewing over his enemies list.

Or what we're going to do together, which is they're focused on American workers and American families --

On our to-do list. So, we got a lot at stake. We are going to win.

Come on in here. Come on in here. Come on in here. Come on.