So, you know, I've been hearing about you, incredible young leaders, for quite some time, from the players to go through, bringing joy to everybody in the stands, to the music that you guys are creating. And so, we wanted to come by just to let you know that our country is counting on you, all of you.

You are leaders, by the very fact that you all are here in this room, doing what you do at this incredible school, doing it as one big team, understanding all of the different parts that fit together to create a team, you are doing some of the best work any leader can do. And we're so proud of you. We are counting on you.

Your generation, all that you guys stand for, everything you have at stake is what is going to propel our country into the next era of what we can do and what we can be. And I want to say to you that you must always lead as you have chosen to lead, understanding you don't have to ask anybody's permission to lead.

And I think you all have figured that out. You've decided to be a leader. And in doing that, you are also role models. Right? Welcome to the role model club. Right? And being a role model, right, means that there are going to be members of your family, people who live in your neighborhood, your classmates who watch you, to see, "Oh, that's how it's done."

And in that way, you are showing what hard work can achieve, what discipline can achieve, what teamwork can achieve. And that's the stuff of great leadership. All of you. And so, we wanted to come by to remind you that our nation is counting on you. We're so proud of you. Everything you have achieved.

And I will tell you, I was in a band when I was your age, so I know a little bit about -- the coach knows about the players, right, and all that you all are doing. It requires a whole lot of rehearsal, a whole lot of practice. Long hours. Right? Sometimes you hit the notes, sometimes you don't. Right? But all that practice makes for beautiful music.

And that is a metaphor. That is symbolic for everything that you all will do in your lives, which is you're going to show what a winning team looks like. You're going to show what it means to put yourself out on the field, to put yourself in front of people, to have the confidence to do it. Sometimes you're going to hit the step right, sometimes you're not.

Sometimes you're going to win the game, sometimes you may not. But you know, you never let any circumstance knock you down or slow you down. You just keep going at it. That's who you are. And that's why we are so confident in everything that you are doing and will continue to do for our country. So, just keep being you and all of the excellence that you're bringing to everything you do. OK? All right. See you later.

OK

Right?