It smells good in here.

Hi. How are you?

I did not make this baby cry.

Oh, no.

Who are all those -- who are all those people?

If that thing doesn't work out.

Hi, everybody.

how behaved you are.

Hi, sweetheart.

OK. I'll see you later.

Seriously  Because Anthony came right in. He came right in. And then here's the thing, eye contact.

He literally

And what -- what classes do you like?

That's what I'm saying, right? So, you know, I think that, first of all, it's fine  No, seriously, because there's a certain brain that understands

You know, nine days.

And hard work is good work, as we know. We're going to -- we are winning.

We are going to win. And -- and part of this --

And I want to thank everybody for all the work that you've been doing, Mayor, Councilwoman. You know, here's how I think about these nine days. Obviously, the goal is to win, but the goal also for me and I know for all of us is, in this process, to build community.

Right? To build coalitions, to remind people that we're all in this together. I think there's been so much about these last many years in the so-called Trump era that has been about trying to have people point their fingers at each other and divide people and make people feel small. And what I know about the leaders who are here, we know the real measure of the strength of leaders is based on who you lift up, not who you beat down.

And so, we're going to continue to work on that. But you all have been doing such extraordinary work. And truly, the path to victory runs through Philly and it runs through Pennsylvania and it runs through all of you.

And so, I thank you -- thank you for that.

Well, you know what, here's the thing. I -- I so strongly believe that our campaign and this fight really is not against something. It is for something.

You know, today, for example, I announced my policy on Puerto Rico. And I mean --

But no, no. But I'll tell you, I mean, I've been -- I've been to Puerto Rico, right after Maria, for example. I've been -- this is not a new area of focus for me. In fact, my team will tell you that even when I was in the Senate, knowing Puerto Rico doesn't have a senator, I always felt a need and an obligation to do what I could as a senator to make sure that Puerto Rico's needs were met.

And I have some work that I did during the Senate years that is in furtherance of that. But this morning, I announced what we're going to -- so my whole economic plan, whether it be around affordable housing, getting families a child tax credit, supporting our small businesses, I call it an opportunity economy in terms of the vision, right, about giving people access to opportunity, knowing that the people in all communities, in our community, they want, yes, a job, but they want to be able to build wealth.

They want to be able to build intergenerational wealth, homeownership, small business, small business growth, right? So, I call it an opportunity economy. The thing I mentioned this morning is I'm going to create basically an opportunity economy task force for Puerto Rico.

Right. And specifically focused on two things. One, bringing the private sector with nonprofits with the Puerto Rican leadership around and -- the federal government around focusing on what we need to do around building economic opportunity on the island as an extension of the overall plan for an opportunity economy.

Again, homeownership, small business, all of that. But the second piece of it specifically, and this is something I saw from the times that I've been there to examine what we need to do better, is the electrical grid, right?

And so, focusing specifically on what we need to do to bring resources and to attract investment to finally deal with that grid. And we know that Puerto Rico, among the many challenges that it faces, it is -- it can be ground zero for extreme climate. And so, as we know the electrical grid and what we need to do in terms of restoring and building up and investing in the workforce and the economy includes focusing on everything that we've been talking about as a general matter around investing in a clean energy economy, in resilience adaptation to extreme weather events.

So, I came because I want to thank you all for what you're doing, but I also want to share with you that the work that we are doing is, yes, it's about this campaign, but it's so much bigger.

And I really believe that we are all a part of a new generation of leadership for our country --

That is optimistic and ambitious.

And may I say for myself quite impatient about knowing that we can get things done.

All right. I'm looking at two incredible leaders who know exactly and do exactly that work.

Yeah, man. You're right. So, we're going to get it done. But again, thank you, all, and especially this Sunday, taking time away from your families and your other obligations to -- to join me. I appreciate it very much.

We win.

We win.

We win.

Thank you.