Good afternoon, everyone. Good afternoon. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Please have a seat. Please have a seat. Sari, you are extraordinary. You are right, I have been traveling our country for many years meeting with extraordinary heroes, and you are really an extraordinary leader.

And when I look at you, I know the future of our country is bright. Thank you, Sari. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And all of the -- all of the leaders here -- survivors, family membered , loved ones -- thank you all for the work that you do and the voice that you carry for so many who are not in this room right now but deserve to be seen, deserve to be known, deserve to be heard.

I thank you all for all that you do to sacrifice your time and your hearts to give what you give to so many. And so, it is good to be with everyone, including our extraordinary president, Joe Biden. And, you know, I have -- I have the great blessing and fortune to work alongside our president. And wherever we are together, whether the cameras are in the room or not, he cares about the American people.

He loves the American people. And he -- in his leadership, so much of his leadership is always about fighting for the dignity of all people and understanding the pain that many might experience and what we must do as leaders to alleviate that pain. And I thank you, Mr. President, for all that you are.

And to all the members of Congress who are here, all of the leaders who are here, I thank you. So, before I begin, I will say a few words about Hurricane Helene. So, the president and I, of course, are monitoring the case and the situation closely, and we urge everyone who is watching at this very moment to take this storm very seriously and please follow the guidance of your local officials.

And President Biden and I, of course, will continue to work closely with state and local officials to ensure that everyone is safe and to protect communities before, during, and after the storm. So, with that, I will return to the subject at hand. I believe the right to be safe is a civil right -- and that the people of America have a right, then, to live, work, worship, and learn without fear of violence, including gun violence.

And yet our nation is experiencing an epidemic of gun violence. I'm telling a bunch of leaders who know. Today, one in five Americans has a family member that was killed by gun violence. Gun violence is now the number one cause of the death of children in America -- not car accidents, not cancer -- gun violence -- the number one cause of death for the children of America.

And this is the result of many, many issues, including mass shootings and school shootings that are too frequently occurring in our nation. And it is, of course, the result of everyday gun violence, which occurs in cities and neighborhoods and towns across our nation. And we know that the prevalence of this violence causes trauma that is far too often undiagnosed and untreated, which means that the effect of it is from that moment and lingers for a lifetime if we don't take seriously what are the seen and visible and unseen injuries that result from this violence.

Over the years, I have held the hands of far too many mothers and fathers to try and comfort them after their child was killed by gun violence. And let us all agree: It does not have to be this way. We know -- we have in our possession, we know how to stop these tragedies. And it is a false choice to suggest you are either in favor of the Second Amendment or you want to take everyone's guns away.

I am in favor of the Second Amendment, and I believe we need to reinstate the assault weapons ban -- and pass universal background checks, safe storage laws, and red flag laws. When we took office, we promised to take on the crisis of gun violence. And we passed, under the president's leadership, the first major gun safety law in nearly 30 years, a bipartisan law which includes an historic investment to address the trauma caused by gun violence.

We are hiring 14,000 new mental health counselors in public schools across our nation. We need to hire more. We need to hire more. But it is the single-largest investment in student mental health in history. And for as much as we have accomplished, more must be done. We need more leaders -- we need more leaders like the leaders in this room -- in Congress who have the courage to take action, to stand up to the gun lobby, and to put the lives of our children first.

Last week -- last week, I met with young leader. Her name is Natalie. She is a 15-year-old student at Apalachee High School and a survivor of gun violence. When we met, Natalie was still wearing bandages. And she is extraordinarily brave. And so, on behalf of her, on behalf of all the survivals -- all the survivors that we have lost, let us continue to fight to end the epidemic of gun violence and to keep our communities and our children safe.

And now -- and now, it is my great honor to introduce a leader and a friend who understands the urgency of this crisis. He is a mayor who knows firsthand what it is like to lose a loved one to gun violence and to see his community shaken by tragedy. A dear friend who is not only a local leader but a national leader, please welcome Mayor Randall Woodfin.