Hello, Pittsburgh! Hey, everybody. Hi. Can we hear it for Cedric the Entertainer? Hey, everyone.  We're doing this.

Pittsburgh! Are we ready to do this? Are we ready to vote? Are we ready to win? Oh, it is good to be here tonight with all these leaders. I thank you all so very much. I want to thank Representatives Lee, Deluzio. Let's send them back to the U.S. House of Representatives. Please send Bob Casey back to the United States Senate.

And I thank everyone for being here and taking the time out of your busy lives to be here this evening.

I love you back. I love you back. I love you back. All right. So, Pittsburgh, this is it. Tomorrow is Election Day. Tomorrow is Election Day, and the momentum is on our side. Our campaign has tapped into the ambitions, the aspirations, and the dreams of the American people. And we know it is time for a new generation of leadership in America.

And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States. But we still got some work to do, because, look, the race is not over, and we must finish strong. So, listen, here's the thing about the hard work. We like hard work. Hard work is good work. Hard work is joyful work. And make no mistake, we will win.

We will win. We will win. We will win. And we will win because when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for. And we have an opportunity in this election to finally turn the page on a decade of politics driven by fear and division. We are done with that. We're done. We're done. We're exhausted with it. And, Pittsburgh, we are not --

-- going back. We're not going back.

We're not going back. And we are not going back because America is ready for a fresh start. And we are ready for a president who knows the true measure of a leader is not based on who you beat down; it is based on who you lift up. And instead of stewing over an enemy's list, I will spend every day working on my to-do list -- full of priorities to improve your life, because ours is not a fight against something; it is a fight for something.

It is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom -- like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body -- and not have her government tell her what to do. And when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide, as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.

Proudly. Proudly. So, America, I am asking for your vote. I am asking for your vote. And here -- and here is my pledge to you. As president, I pledge to seek common ground and commonsense solutions to the challenges you face. I am not looking to score political points. I am looking to make progress. I pledge to listen to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make.

And we are not going back. And here's the thing, guys, we are fighting for a democracy. We are fighting for a democracy. And in a democracy, true leadership understands that the leader listens to the experts and listens to people who disagree with them. I will listen to people who disagree with me because I do not believe that people who disagree with me are the enemy.

In fact, I will give them a seat at the table. That is what real leaders do. That is what strong leaders do. And I pledge to always put country above party and self and to be a president for all Americans. So, Pittsburgh, that is my pledge to you. And to you I ask, then, who here has a plan to vote? Fantastic.

Okay, so help spread the word then. Polls are open here in Pennsylvania tomorrow from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. You know that.  Go to IWillVote.com for all the information you need, including where and when to vote and where to drop off your mail ballot, because we need everyone to vote, Pennsylvania.

You will make the difference in this election. You will make the difference. And, friends, listen, we are all here together because we love our country. We love our country. And when you love something, you fight for it. And I do believe it is one of the highest forms of patriotism --

I love you back.  Love you back. And one of the highest forms of our love of our country is to then fight for the ideals of our country and to fight to realize the promise of America. So, Pittsburgh, listen, we got one day left to get this done. So, now we work to get out the vote. Let's reach out in these next 24 hours to family and friends and classmates and neighbors and coworkers.

And as we do that, let us really be true to what our campaign has been about from the very start. And on that, I say, please, let us be intentional about building community. Let us be intentional about building coalitions. Because here is the thing. So much about these last several years has been about trying to make people point their fingers at each other, to have Americans point their fingers at each other, to try and make people feel alone or feel small.

But let us do the work, as we work toward this win, of building up community and coalition and reminding everyone that we have so much more in common than what separates us. Let that be our goal. And let us remind everyone, your vote is your voice, and your voice is your power. So, one last time, Pittsburgh, I ask you: Are you ready to make your voices heard?

Do we believe in freedom? Do we believe in opportunity? Do we believe in the promise of America? And are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight --

-- we win. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America. God bless you. God bless you.