Mr. Prime Minister, how are you?

And I guess our friend Greg Norman, he is doing very well?

Well you say hello to him. He is a very good friend. By the way thank you very much for taking the call.

I really appreciate it. It is really nice.

Good.

That is exactly right. We do have similar backgrounds and it seems to be working in this climate Ð it is a crazy climate. Let me tell you this, it is an evil time but it is a complex time because we do not have uniforms standing in front of us.

Instead, we have people in disguise. It is brutal. This ISIS thing Ð it is something we are going to devote a lot of energy to it.

I think we are going to be very successful.

Do you know four years ago Malcom, I was with a man who does this for a living. He was telling me, before the migration, that if you were a Christian from Syria, you had no chance of coming to the United States. Zero.

They were the ones being persecuted. When I say persecuted, I mean their heads were being chopped off. If you were a Muslim we have nothing against Muslims, but if you were a Muslim you were not persecuted at least to the extent Ð but if you were a Muslim from Syria that was the number one place to get into the United States from.

That was the easiest thing. But if you were a Christian from Syria you have no chance of getting into the United States. I just thought it was an incredible statistic.

Totally true Ð and you have seen the same thing. It is incredible.

Well, actually I just called for a total ban on Syria and from many different countries from where there is terror, and extreme vetting for everyone else Ð and somebody told me yesterday that close to 2,000 people are coming who are really probably troublesome. And I am saying, boy that will make us look awfully bad. Here I am calling for a ban where I am not letting anybody in and we take 2,000 people.

Really it looks like 2,000 people that Australia does not want and I do not blame you by the way, but the United States has become like a dumping ground. You know Malcom, anybody that has a problem Ð you remember the Mariel boat lift, where Castro let everyone out of prison and Jimmy Carter accepted them with open arms. These were brutal people.

Nobody said Castro was stupid, but now what are we talking about is 2,000 people that are actually imprisoned and that would actually come into the United States. I heard about this Ð I have to say I love Australia; I love the people of Australia. I have so many friends from Australia, but I said Ð geez that is a big ask, especially in light of the fact that we are so heavily in favor, not in favor, but we have no choice but to stop things.

We have to stop. We have allowed so many people into our country that should not be here. We have our San BernardinoÕs, we have had the World Trade Center come down because of people that should not have been in our country, and now we are supposed to take 2,000.

It sends such a bad signal. You have no idea. It is such a bad thing.

Yeah, go ahead.

Who made the deal? Obama?

Why havenÕt you let them out? Why have you not let them into your society?

That is a good idea. We should do that too. You are worse than I am.

Because you do not want to destroy your country. Look at what has happened in Germany. Look at what is happening in these countries.

These people are crazy to let this happen. I spoke to Merkel today, and believe me, she wishes she did not do it. Germany is a mess because of what happened.

Well, there could be two million people coming in Germany. Two million people. Can you believe it? It will never be the same.

Malcom , why is this so important? I do not understand. This is going to kill me. I am the worldÕs greatest person that does not want to let people into the country.

And now I am agreeing to take 2,000 people and I agree I can vet them, but that puts me in a bad position. It makes me look so bad and I have only been here a week.

Well, it is close. I have also heard like 5,000 as well.

No, I do not want say that. I will just have to say that unfortunately I will have to live with what was said by Obama. I will say I hate it.

Look, I spoke to Putin, Merkel, Abe of Japan, to France today, and this was my most unpleasant call because I will be honest with you. I hate taking these people. I guarantee you they are bad.

That is why they are in prison right now. They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people.

Well, maybe you should let them out of prison. I am doing this because Obama made a bad deal. I am not doing this because it fits into my Executive Order.

I am taking 2,000 people from Australia who are in prison and the day before I signed an Executive Order saying that we are not taking anybody in. We are not taking anybody in, those days are over.

Look, I do not know how you got them to sign a deal like this, but that is how they lost the election. They said I had no way to 270 and I got 306. That is why they lost the election, because of stupid deals like this.

You have brokered many a stupid deal in business and I respect you, but I guarantee that you broke many a stupid deal. This is a stupid deal. This deal will make me look terrible.

Okay, this shows me to be a dope. I am not like this but, if I have to do it, I will do it but I do not like this at all. I will be honest with you.

Not even a little bit. I think it is ridiculous and Obama should have never signed it. The only reason I will take them is because I have to honor a deal signed by my predecessor and it was a rotten deal.

I say that it was a stupid deal like all the other deals that this country signed. You have to see what I am doing. I am unlocking deals that were made by people, these people were incompetent.

I am not going to say that it fits within the realm of my Executive Order. We are going to allow 2,000 prisoners to come into our country and it is within the realm of my Executive Order? If that is the case my Executive Order does not mean anything Malcom . I look like a dope.

The only way that I can do this is to say that my predecessor made a deal and I have no option then to honor the deal. I hate having to do it, but I am still going to vet them very closely. Suppose I vet them closely and I do not take any?

How does that help you?

Does anybody know who these people are? Who are they? Where do they come from? Are they going to become the Boston bomber in five years? Or two years? Who are these people?

Malcom , but they are arrived on a boat?

Give them to the United States. We are like a dumping ground for the rest of the world. I have been here for a period of time, I just want this to stop.

I look so foolish doing this. It  know it is good for you but it is bad for me. It is horrible for me.

This is what I am trying to stop. I do not want to have more San BernardinoÕs or World Trade Centers. I could name 30 others, but I do not have enough time.

Okay, good. Can Australia give me a guarantee that if we have any problems Ð you know that is what they said about the Boston bombers. They said they were wonderful young men.

They were from wherever they were.

What is the thing with boats? Why do you discriminate against boats? No, I know, they come from certain regions. I get it.

I do not know what he got out of it. We never get anything out of it Ð START Treaty, the Iran deal. I do not know where they find these people to make these stupid deals.

I am going to get killed on this thing.

Yes, I will be seen as a weak and ineffective leader in my first week by these people. This is a killer.

I have no choice to say that about it. Malcom , I am going to say that I have no choice but to honor my predecessorÕs deal. I think it is a horrible deal, a disgusting deal that I would have never made.

It is an embarrassment to the United States of America and you can say it just the way I said it. I will say it just that way. As far as I am concerned that is enough Malcom .

I have had it. I have been making these calls all day and this is the most unpleasant call all day. Putin was a pleasant call.

This is ridiculous.

this is crazy.

It is important to you and it is embarrassing to me. It is an embarrassment to me, but at least I got you off the hook. So you put me back on the hook.

I hope so. Okay, thank you Malcolm.