Hello, good morning.

How are you, Mr. President?

Yes, that would be fine, Enrique .

Thank you.

Thank you very much, Enrique. I appreciate that. I thought that was beautifully stated.

And certainly, as to the relationship and friendship, I consider you a friend. I met you the one time and I studied you. You are a very hard person to study, because you are sending out messages that are important to the Mexican people.

I consider you a friend and I consider Luis, the person working with you , a very smart man. To be very honest with you, I did not want to have a meeting. I did not want to meet with Luis, I did not want to meet with Mexico, I did not want to meet with anybody.

It was only because of a very good relationship that Jared Kushner has with Luis that these two decided to meet and discuss, but I was not really in favor for that meeting. I felt that we should do a much simpler solution, and that solution was tariffs at the border , because the United States has a trade deficit with Mexico of $60 billion. And the United States will not have those deficits anymore.

We do not mind a small deficit, and we do not mind a little time to get there. But we cannot do this and we cannot sustain like this. We will not be the United States anymore.

And we cannot listen to this. I was voted on the basis that we are losing so much money to Mexico in terms of jobs, factories, and plants moving to Mexico. We cannot do this anymore and I have to tell you it is not sustainable.

And interpreter, I think Enrique understands everything I said, unless you, Enrique, feel you want an interpretation for this, please continue to go forward, is that okay?

Because I have been with him Ð he speaks better English than me Ð so we will just go on. What I want is fair tariffs at the border, and I want to be fair because I want a great relationship with Mexico. In the latest election, I won with a large percentage of Hispanic voters.

I do not know if you heard, but with Cuba, I had 84 percent, with the Cuban-American vote. But overall generally, I had well over 30 percent and everyone was shocked to see this. I understand the community and they understand me, and I have a great respect for the Mexican people.

But I did not want Jared to meet with Luis. I just wanted to very simply Ð and with a high level of precision Ð we put on a border tariff so that products coming in from Mexico to the United States would be taxed at a rate to be determined. But you know, it could be 10 percent or 15 percent or it could be 35 percent for some products that, for example, are jobs ripped from their foundation and moved to Mexico.

Most would be in the 10 to 15 percent range. That would make us very even with Mexico and it would make a lot of sense. Now, Mexico may in turn try to do something like that to us.

Since we have such a deficit, it gives us the advantage. In addition, I was going to very strongly say this to Mexico and other countries Ð that everything is reciprocal. So if Mexico adds a tax, we will add a tax.

We have a country that has been led by people who have no business understanding. We are living off the success of the past Ð off the fat of the past Ð and we cannot continue to do this. So anything another country imposes on us, we would automatically impose a tax on them, so it would not be very wise for them to do the taxing.

So I did not want to have the meeting, I just wanted to go along with the very reasonable tax plan we were drawing up for Mexico, and that is honestly where I am right now. When I heard about the meeting, I was happy about it, beyond the fact that I hoped we would remain friendly with you. I was not at all disappointed in the meeting, because Mexico, honestly, through smarter leadership, more cunning leadership -- and you are in that category very much so Ð the very smart leadership in Mexico has taken advantage of the United States.

The people of the United States know this. In Ohio, they are having rallies for Trump right now because Trump has taken a hard stance on Mexico. We lost a lot of factories in Ohio and Michigan and I won these states Ð some of these states have not been won in 38 years by a Republican and I won them very easily.

So they are dancing in the streets. You probably have the same thing where they are dancing in your streets also, but in reverse. I just want to put a border tax on, relax, and then we do not have to have meetings.

That being said, if you want to have meetings and you continue to have meetings, I am willing to wait. Jared feels so strongly that you and he will be able to work out a deal Ð meeting with Luis and his team Ð but I am very happy to not to have any more meetings and just put a border tax on, like everybody else does. Right now, every nation in the world is charging us what we are not putting on anyone.

We have been led by people who really hurt our country. We will not let it go on anymore. With that being said, if you guys want to continue the talks or if you do not want to continue the talks, it is okay, but I would only like to know your thinking on it because I am willing to go either way.

Enrique, if I can interrupt Ð this is not a new proposal. This is what I have been saying for a year and a half on the campaign trail. I have been telling this to every group of 50,000 people or 25,000 people Ð because no one got people in their rallies as big as I did.

But I have been saying I wanted to tax people that treated us unfairly at the border, and Mexico is treating us unfairly. Now, this is different from what Luis and Jared have been talking about. But this was not a new proposal Ð this is the old proposal.

This was the proposal I wanted. But they say they can come up with some other idea, and that is fine if they want to try it out. But I got elected on this proposal Ð this won me the election, along with military and healthcare.

So this is not a new proposal this is been here for a year and half.

Well, Canada is no problem Ð do not worry about Canada, do not even think about them. That is a separate thing and they are fine and we have had a very fair relationship with Canada. It has been much more balanced and much more fair.

So we do not have to worry about Canada, we do not even think about them.

Okay, well thank you very much, Enrique. I just wanted to mention that when you talk about people coming across the border Ð because times will be tough and times will be good Ð that when times are tough, that is why we have a wall, because we do not want people to come across the border. We do not want them coming across.

We have enough people coming across, we want to stop it cold. General Kelly is one of the most respected generals in the entire military system and he is a very fair man, but he is a very tough man. And we have the drug lords in Mexico that are knocking the hell out of our country.

They are sending drugs to Chicago, Los Angeles, and to New York. Up in New Hampshire Ð I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den Ð is coming from the southern border. So we have a lot of problems with Mexico farther than the economic problem.

We are becoming a drug-addicted nation and most the drugs are coming from Mexico or certainly from the southern border. But I will say this Ð you have that problem too. You have some pretty tough hombres in Mexico that you may need help with, and we are willing to help you with that big-league.

But they have to be knocked out and you have not done a good job of knocking them out. We have a massive drug problem where kids are becoming addicted to drugs because drugs are being sold for less money than candy because there is so much of it. So we have to work together to knock that out.

And I know this is a tough group of people, and maybe your military is afraid of them, but our military is not afraid of them, and we will help you with that 100 percent because it is out of control Ð totally out of control. Now getting back to the taxes for second, I have been given as President tremendous taxation powers for trade and for other reasons Ð far greater than anybody understands. The powers of taxation are tremendous for the President of the United States and if you study that you will see what I mean.

That is why I did not want to have the meeting, I just wanted to tax the border. With all that being said, I would love if you want to reinstitute the meetings between Luis and a staff that I will assemble in the United States. Our Secretary of Commerce, Mr. Ross, will be approved very soon and we have a great team of people Ð Gary Cohen and lots of others Ð we have lots of great talent. And talent that wants things to happen. They are dealmakers, they are not obstructionist.

We have some of them, but so do you of course. With that being said, if you would like to try and work a deal, that is okay. But if we cannot work a deal, I want to tell you we are going to put a very substantial tax on the border coming into the United States because, honestly, we will not want your products unless your products are going to be taxed.

I do not want the products and lesser tax. And what that will mean is factories and plants will start to be built in the United States because the taxes will be too high in Mexico. I do not want to do that if we can work out a deal, so Jared Kushner and Luis can have the teams work out the deal.

The only thing I will ask you though is on the wall, you and I both have a political problem. My people stand up and say, "Mexico will pay for the wall" and your people probably say something in a similar but slightly different language. But the fact is we are both in a little bit of a political bind because I have to have Mexico pay for the wall Ð I have to.

I have been talking about it for a two year period, and the reason I say they are going to pay for the wall is because Mexico has made a fortune out of the stupidity of U.S. trade representatives. They are beating us at trade and they are beating us at the border, and they are killing us with drugs.

Now I know you are not involved with that, but regardless of who is making all the money, billions and billions and billions Ð some people say more Ð is being made on drug trafficking that is coming through Mexico. Some people say that the business of drug trafficking is bigger than the business of taking our factory jobs. So what I would like to recommend is Ð if we are going to have continued dialogue Ð we will work out the wall.

They are going to say, "who is going to pay for the wall, Mr. President?" to both of us, and we should both say, "we will work it out." It will work out in the formula somehow. As opposed to you saying, "we will not pay" and me saying, "we will not pay." Because you and I are both at a point now where we are both saying we are not to pay for the wall.

From a political standpoint, that is what we will say. We cannot say that anymore because if you are going to say that Mexico is not going to pay for the wall, then I do not want to meet with you guys anymore because I cannot live with that. I am willing to say that we will work it out, but that means it will come out in the wash and that is okay.

But you cannot say anymore that the United States is going to pay for the wall. I am just going to say that we are working it out. Believe it or not, this is the least important thing that we are talking about, but politically this might be the most important talk about.

But in terms of dollars Ð or pesos Ð it is the least important thing. I know how to build very inexpensively, so it will be much lower than these numbers I am being presented with , and it will be a better wall and it will look nice. And it will do the job.

You know, you look at Israel Ð Israel has a wall and everyone said do not build a wall, walls do not work -- 99.9 percent of people trying to come across that wall cannot get across and more. Bibi Netanyahu told me the wall works. We have also hired at least 15,000 more men and women on the border Ð patrolling the border very carefully.

We just cannot play the game of stupidity anymore. I would love to continue talking. When Jared said, "the deal is off," I was glad.

Jared has a great feeling for the plan, though I know it would be politically much more popular in Mexico and, I think, it will be much less popular for me, to be honest. I think the most popular thing for me would just to put a tariff on the border. But I am willing to see if they can finish up a plan.

From what I hear, they have great discussions and it looks good. I guess they have to wait 90 days Ð there might be a statutory period or something like that and that might be too bad. But that is okay, so we will get Congress involved and let them work through the statutory period.

If you want to do that, Enrique, I am good with doing that. And I want to reiterate, you and I will always be friends do not worry.

Enrique, you and I have to knock it out Ð you and I have to knock the hell out of them. Listen, I know how tough these guys are Ð our military will knock them out like you never thought of, we will work to help you knock them out because your country does not want that. Your citizens are being killed all over the place , your police officers are being shot in the head, and your children are being killed.

And we will knock them out.

But you cannot say that to the press. The press is going to go with that and I cannot live with that. You cannot say that to the press because I cannot negotiate under those circumstances.

Okay, Enrique, that is fine and I think it is fair. I do not bring up the wall but when the press brings up the wall, I will say, "let us see how it is going Ð let us see how it is working out with Mexico." Because from an economic issue, it is the least important thing we were talking about, but psychologically, it means something so let us just say "we will work it out." And if you want to do that, then we will go back to the negotiation table with Jared and Luis. And I am sure they can work something out that is good for both nations, and obviously that would be a positive thing.

And I am sort of in this bad position because the deal that they are making is not nearly as good as the deal I could impose tomorrow Ð in fact this afternoon. I do not have to go back to Congress or to the Senate. I do not need the vote of 400 people.

I have the powers to do all of this, and I came to the office this morning and I met with a group of people Ð we had a plan to just go into what I wanted to do for two years. But I know what you are saying, it is something that is good for you. It is very important for you to understand this Ð I want the best solution also for Mexico.

I do not just want a great solution for the United States. And what I am talking about is not a good solution for Mexico Ð it is a great solution for the United States, which is a tariff on everything coming into our country. Now, that is the best solution economically for the United States, but I feel very strongly that it is important that as our neighbor, we have a strong relationship Ð the stronger the better.

Now, the reason I do like an agreement is I want Mexico to be a strong and happy country. I think I can do that. And we can get close enough to have a decent deal for the United States but at the same time have a good deal for Mexico.

So I am okay with that. The thing I need you to understand is that right now we have a $60 billion trade deficit. That is unsustainable.

And do not feel lonely because we are going to be having talks with China also. China is beyond what is happened with that whole thing, and you will be very happy because that will be good for you Ð believe me. We are going to treat them fairly and we want a good relationship with China.

But with Mexico, you are our neighbor and I want to do what is good for Mexico. That is very important  me. With that being said, if you think it is appropriate, I will let Jared Kushner, Wilbur Ross, and all the different people that are involved Ð Wilbur will be confirmed as Secretary of Commerce any moment now Ð to get with your team and they can knock something out that will be a fabulous agreement.

It will look good for both of us. I will say with you representing Mexico and me representing the United States we will have a good agreement and we will almost become the fathers of our country Ð almost not quite okay? Please go away from this conversation understanding it is not my first choice, but what I want is to have a good and strong neighbor in Mexico.

It is you and I against the world, Enrique, do not forget.

That is very good, I agree with you 100 percent. Enrique, if you want, I have the Prime Minister of Great Britain coming in in a little while. If you want, you can put out a statement saying that we had a great conversation and our teams are going to continue to talk and just say we will not discuss the wall.

We will discuss other things but we had a conversation. Now, there are some time delays that are imposed. I guess the 90-day period or a similar timeframe.

Let me confirm with some of my people here. Well, Jared and Luis know what the timelines are, so why don't they work out a mutual statement? So, Enrique, if it is okay with you, Jared and Luis will work out a mutual statement that we can put out together.

Good. I want you to be so popular that your people will call for a constitutional amendment in Mexico so that you can run again for another six years.

You know, we should put that in the statement. Your words are so beautiful. Those are beautiful words and I do not think I can speak that beautifully, okay? It would be great to put those words at the end of the statement.

Really nice though.

Well, it is my honor and we will have a great success. I will explain to Jared everything and they should talk soon. I appreciate all of your time, too, Enrique, and I look forward to seeing you soon.

I feel confident with those two, plus their teams, will get something done that will be great for both countries.

Thank you. Goodbye.