Great, Tim.

Thank you. Thank you, Safra.

Looks like the youngest person.

Well I just want to thank everybody. This is a truly amazing group of people. I won't tell you the hundreds of calls we've had asking to come to this meeting, and I will say, and I will say Peter was sort of saying, 'No, that company's too small.' And these are monster companies. But I want to thank -- I want to start by thanking Peter because he saw something very early, maybe before we saw it and of course he's known for that in a different way. But he's been so terrific and so outstanding and he got just about the biggest applause at the Republican National Convention. He's ahead of the curve, and I want to thank you, man, you're a very special guy.

So I want to add that I'm here to help you folks do well. And you're doing well right now and I'm honored by the bounce. They're all talking about the bounce, so right now everybody in this room has to like me at least a little bit, but we're going to try and have that bounce continue and perhaps even more importantly we want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. There's nobody like you in the world. In the world, there's nobody like the people in this room.

And anything we can do to help this go along, and we're going to be there for you and you'll call my people, you'll call me, it doesn't make any difference, we have no formal chain of command around here. I'm honored to have Gary, the president of Goldman Sachs, left Goldman Sachs to do this, and Wilbur, everybody knows Wilbur, they never call him Wilbur Ross on Wall Street, they just say Oh

And we're gonna do fair trade deals. We're going to make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders because of a lot of restrictions, a lot of problems that I think you'll see. And if you have any ideas on that, that would be, that would be great because there are a lot of border restrictions and a lot of border problems, you probably have less of a problem than some companies, some companies have--you have some problems.