Thank you very much. It's great to have the governor of Puerto Rico with us. We've gotten to know each other extremely well over the last couple of weeks. And I can tell you you're a hardworking governor. It's a tough situation. So much has to be rebuilt, even from before.

The difference between Texas and Florida and various places is we're looking at designs of a new power plant, a big electrical plant, and many different designs and concepts, which, of course, is very unusual because it was in pretty rough shape prior, and now it's in even rougher shape.

With that being said, I think we've done a really great job and we've had tremendous cooperation from the governor. And we are getting there, and people are really seeing the effort that's been put into Puerto Rico. It's been a very, very difficult situation for many people, I will say that, and especially the island nature.

If you look at getting food there, we did. The distribution was very difficult because the roads were blocked and even the people of Puerto Rico couldn't get to their food, in many cases because of the distribution centers, and the roads were in really horrific shape because of the storm, and sometimes because of before the storm.

But with that being said, step by step it's taken care of. And I say we have a wonderful, and the people of Puerto Rico have a wonderful representative with respect to themselves in this governor. This governor has worked as hard as anybody I've seen, and getting done.  So I want to just thank you for all your help. Thank you very much.

Well, thank you, Governor. One of the things we have done is delivered to the island massive numbers of generators for electricity, because with the power plants down and in such bad shape, we really had to find some way to get it, especially for the hospitals and certain other areas.

And we have -- I don't know if it's record numbers, but it's got to be pretty close -- record numbers of generators so that we have electric in the most important locations, and step by step bringing it back. But you can't really bring electric back until you rebuild the power plant, and that's obviously a different level of subject.

With that, I will say that I have given my blessing to Congress, and Congress is working with you and your representatives on coming up with a plan and a payment plan, and how it's all going to be funded -- because you are talking about some substantial numbers, and I guess you knew that.

But I know you were talking about rebuilding your electric plant long before the hurricane; you've been wanting to do that for a long time. So maybe this is a reason that we can do it. And we'll help you and we'll all do it together.

But I will say this: The people of Puerto Rico are amazing, just incredible people. The spirit they have, the strength they have. What they've gone through -- many were isolated in areas where there were no roads, there were no bridges, the bridges were wiped out.

It really was incredible to watch this spirit that they have, and they did it with grace. They did it with a smile, in many cases. It was really something beautiful to watch. So just please extend all of our warmest regards. And we're with you.

Thank you very much.

Well, I'm working very closely with the government on that because there has been corruption on the island, and we can't have that. You know, we're sending a lot of supplies, we're sending tremendous amounts of food and water and everything. And I know your folks are working on that very hard.

But we just can't have it. When it comes to Texas, as an example, and Florida, you know how smooth that's been. It's operating like a well-oiled machine. But they are really going well, and the people are working very hard. And in Puerto Rico, they're working hard too, but we have gotten some of those reports from -- on a local basis. And I think the governor will be able to do something about that. I hope you're going to be able to something about that.

By the way, not by the federal. This is local we're talking about. Just so we all understand. I think -- Brock is here and Tom is here -- I think they've done an incredible job. But we're now talking on a local basis, and I think, John, that was your question also.

Well, I can say that for anywhere. I can say that for any place we go. You know, at some point FEMA has to leave, first responders have to leave, and the people have to take over. Puerto Rico is a more difficult circumstance, as you can understand, John. But at a certain point, we have to leave the various locations that we're in.

We were in Louisiana, and they have done a fantastic job. They were sort of grazed, but Lake Charles and the various areas were hit pretty hard. But it was a grazing hit. We worked there, and they've taken over and been fantastic. In Texas and Florida, it's been incredible to watch. It's really been incredible to watch how quickly things are coming together.

But at a certain time, FEMA and first responders, and, by the way, the military -- we have close to 18,000 people in Puerto Rico right now. We moved a hospital ship; I believe it's the largest in the world. It's there now. You know, you don't want to use it as much if you can have the local hospitals; that's better in many ways.

But we have tremendous assets in Puerto Rico. You know, at some point, no matter where it is, whether it's Texas or whether it's Florida, it ends. But I can say in the case of Texas and the case of Florida and the case of Louisiana, some areas also got grazed, and they have been incredible in the response and incredible in how fast it's coming back. And in many cases, areas that were devastated are already back.

In this instance, it's a more difficult situation. But I think the governor understands that FEMA, the military, first responders cannot be there forever. And no matter where you go, they cannot be there forever.

Excuse me. You have areas in Puerto Rico where we literally had, and still have to -- but it's getting less and less -- deliver food and supplies by helicopter because the roads have been wiped out and the bridges have been wiped out. There's no way to get there except by helicopter. And those are difficult situations, and we're working with the governor and the folks on getting it taken care of. But we are literally delivering supplies dropped by helicopter.

And with that being said, I have to also say our military and our first responders, and Brock Long and FEMA and Tom, the job they've done has been incredible. But we are delivering very essential supplies by helicopter because there's no way to get to the area of the island. And the folks have done an incredible job.

Brock, would you like to say something?

There's never been a situation where power and energy have been so devastated -- never -- you know, where you don't have a power plant. Because power plants -- you don't fix them up, and we're not just putting a pole up in the street, like in Texas where you'd put up the poles, and then Florida actually had a lot of underground wire, which is great. It would be wonderful if you could have underground wire. It makes it a lot better in these storms. But there's never been a situation where the energy and the power has been totally destroyed.

And part of the problem is that it was pretty well destroyed before the storm, and we're working together to get that back up, but also to make it long term, which I think you have to. They were working on long-terming it prior to the storm, so now they really are working on it.

I'd say it was a 10. I'd say it was probably the most difficult when you talk about relief, when you talk about search, when you talk about all of the different levels, and even when you talk about lives saved. If you look at the number -- I mean, this was -- I think it was worse than Katrina. It was in many ways worse than anything people have ever seen.

They got hit by a Category 4 -- grazed -- but grazed about a big portion of the island, but it was grazed. The rest of it hit Florida, as you know. But that was bad. But then they got hit dead-center -- if you look at those maps -- by a Category 5. Nobody has ever heard of a five hitting land. Usually by that time it's dissipated. It hit right through -- and kept to a five -- it hit right through the middle of the island, right through the middle of Puerto Rico. There's never been anything like that.

I give ourselves a 10. I think that, locally, there -- I really think, locally, they have in this gentleman great leadership. I have to tell you, it's a tough job. But we have provided so much, so fast. We were actually there before the storm hit. We were there before the first one, before the Category 4 hit.

Brock and the military and a lot of people were there before the storm. We had the Coast Guard waiting for the storm just outside the storm, and following the storm in. Many lives saved. The Coast Guard in Texas saved 16,000 lives. The Coast Guard is incredible, incredible -- the job they've done.

But all of the armed forces, what they've done has been -- Army, Navy, the Marines, the Air Force -- all of the goods dropped in. Helicopters that weren't even meant for this purpose, all of a sudden they're delivering food and services. I would give a 10.

I would say, locally -- and I understand locally. A person loses his or her or their house, and then they can't go to work. If you lose your house, it's hard to go and be a policeman for the day. You're trying to have your family live, frankly. This is what happened to so many people. You read that they had no truck drivers in Puerto Rico. Well, they have a lot of truck drivers in Puerto Rico, but many of them lost their houses, so they had to be with their families. So we would have the military driving trucks. They're not supposed to be driving trucks. It's not their -- it's not even their aptitude. Some of them didn't really know how to drive trucks, but they learned very quickly. They're smart.

But we had the military, in many cases, driving trucks because it's not the people's fault; they lost their house. They were devastated. And I think we did a fantastic job. And we are being given credit.

It was very nice that the gentleman who worked for Bill Clinton, when he was President, gave us an A-plus, and that included Puerto Rico. Gave us an A-plus. And I thought that was really very nice. And I think -- I really believe he's correct. We have done a really great job.

Texas, again, really -- very far along. Florida very far along. And Puerto Rico is a different kind of a situation because it needs so much infrastructure. But over a period of time, that will happen.

Well, we're not talking about that now. You'll get me into trouble with that question, right? We'll hold that one for -- how about we hold that one, Mike, for a later time, right?

And then you can interpret.

I like it better in Spanish.  That was beautiful.

I think we'll be successful tonight. It will be possibly sometime in the morning, maybe sooner. I think we have the votes for the budget, which will be phase one of our massive tax cuts and reform. But I think we'll be successful tonight with respect to the budget.

I think you probably know you can count the votes, maybe better than most people. But I think we have the votes, and, frankly, I think we have the votes for the tax cuts which will follow fairly shortly thereafter. So we'll see what happens.

But I will tell you, our country needs tax cuts. I mean, these are examples, when you look at what we just went through with Texas and Florida and Louisiana and Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands.

You look at, you know -- we need growth. We need people who are going to be pouring into our country. And we have that now. You know, we're starting to have that. We're starting to have that even on the prospect of tax cuts. We have companies -- you saw last week -- car company -- massive improvements and expansions and, in some cases, brand new plants. They're coming in.

Foxconn is building a -- as you know, they make the Apple iPhones and more. They're going to build a fantastic plant. I think it's going to be in the state of Wisconsin. And hopefully, it's going to be there. We've been showing that land. It's a beautiful piece of land. I hope they like it. But that will be one of the biggest in the country. I think Apple is going to be building some very, very big plants. People are starting to say, hey, this is where we want to be.

And you see the stock market. We hit an all-time high yesterday, and I think we've hit it about 49 times, Mike.

So we're really doing well, but we can do something very, very spectacular if we're given the tax cuts. We're one of the highest-taxed nations in the world. You look at our taxes compared to other competitive nations or competitor nations -- because I think nothing is competitive with this, but I'm a little biased, but that's the way it is. But you look at how high we pay and how much we pay. And our companies, they leave because the taxes are so high.

If we get this done, it will be historic. It will be bigger than any plan ever approved or -- ever. It will be the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country.

And I can tell you, we have tremendous support for this. So the budget is going probably fairly late tonight. They'll be working late tonight. Could be one of those morning calls that you'll be watching your television at three o'clock in the morning, and it could be sooner than that.

But I think we have the votes. And right after the budget, we start with a vote on -- as you know -- on the tax cuts. And I think we're in very good shape.

In Puerto Rico, we're going to working systems, we're going to be dealing with Congress, we're going to be coming before -- meaning, far before -- any existing debt that's on the island, because as you know, the island has massive debt. Just their -- as we talk about the electrical facilities, I think they have $9 billion in debt. Well, any debt that's put in will be coming before that debt. We want to make sure we put in debt and that debt is absolutely protected.

In addition to that, we're providing tremendous relief and services right now, and we'll continue to provide that for a period of time. And then a new group will come in, and the new group will be more building-oriented when things are perfect.

But we do have to come before the existing debt. They have, I guess, by some counts, $120 billion, if you add everything -- probably about $120 billion. Certainly any money that's put in by people, whether it's public or private, they're going to want to come in first position. And that's very important, and I think the Governor understands that. I would imagine pretty much everyone understands that in Puerto Rico.

We're helping right now. We're helping a lot. This is costing a lot of money, having FEMA, having the military, having the first responders. And we're doing that because we have an obligation to Puerto Rico, to humanity. We have an obligation to ourselves. We want to continue to do a great job on that, and we're doing it.

No, but at some point you're going have to -- there's going to have to be reconstruction. And again, the biggest thing is the power plants. But there's going to have to be -- and it's pretty -- pretty bad when you have to say power plants are almost coming before bridges. But you have power plants that are needed, you have bridges that are needed, and you have roadways that are needed. That's something you don't see when you go into areas hit by hurricanes or disaster of almost any kind.

Excuse me?

Well, it's -- you know, it's a very, very good question, actually. As you know, much of the electric is done by generators that have been brought to the island, in massive numbers, as I said before. The plant itself is going to take a while. We have to build a brand-new plant. Or we have to do, essentially, a renovation that's so large it's going to be like a brand-new plant -- one or the other. We're looking at both right now.

But there's never been a case where power plants were gone. So this isn't just like -- you know, as I said, I don't want to just fix poles -- you cant just fix the poles. There's never been a case where power plants were gone. So it's going to be a period of time before the electric is restored.

Governor, I just want to maybe ask you a question. Because for the spirit of these people that have worked so hard and so long, like Tom and like Brock, and like so many others, did the United States -- did our government -- when we came in, did we do a great job? Military, first responders, FEMA -- did we do a great job?

This was actually bigger than anything we've seen, and yet I think our response was better than anyone has ever seen. And again, we were given an A-plus by the man who did this -- did what you were doing -- for the Clinton administration. And while I don't know him, I would like to thank him for what he said.

We're talking about possibly combinations of both. Congress is working right now with the people and representatives of Puerto Rico, and we're talking about potentially combinations of both.

I didn't see it. I didn't see it.

No, I like people working on plans at all time. I think ultimately block grants is the way to go where we block out the money to the states. You get better healthcare; you'll get it for less money. It will be more specific. A state is a smaller government and it can take better care of its people, especially where you have well-run states. We have governors that do a great job and, you know, states that do a good job.

If you look at Florida, if you look at Maine -- Maine really was very much anxious to do that. Various states -- Kentucky -- various states really wanted that block grant money. And for the most part, I think we have the vote for that. There will be a transition period, so anything they're working on will be short term. It will be absolutely short term, because ultimately it's going to be repeal and replace.

So I have great respect, as you know, for both of the senators that you mentioned, and if they can come up with a short-term solution. What I did say, though, is I don't want the insurance companies making any more money than they have to, because if you look at the stock prices of the insurance companies from the time of the creation of Obamacare with 300 and 400 percent -- and even more than that -- increases in their stock, they made a fortune off Obamacare. The people that need Obamacare are decimated. Premiums are up 40, 50, 60 percent, in some cases over 100 percent. In the case of Alaska, premiums are up over 200 percent. So anything that they are working on is a very short term -- meaning one year to two years, max. Because I think we have the votes, or we're certainly within one vote. And when you're within one vote, we're able to get a vote.

Senator Cochran, as an example -- I have such respect for him because he is not feeling great, I can tell you that. And he got on a plane in order to vote for the budget. And I have great respect for that man. I think it's incredible. But votes are very fragile, we found that out. We've seen that -- I've learned that. I thought we had it the last time, and somebody came out of the blue and voted against it. So now we start the process all over again.

But the block grant -- the concept of blocking it out, block grants to the states, that's what people want and that's what the states want. And that's especially what the well-run states want, because they will have healthcare that's so good, far better than anybody has ever even thought.

So again, I respect very much the two senators you're talking about. I love that they're working on it. I want them to be careful with respect to the insurance companies. Insurance companies are extremely good at making money, extremely talented at making money. And I want them to be careful with that.

We will probably like a very short-term solution until we hit the block grants, until that all kicks in. In other words, it doesn't just kick in the following day. There's a transition period. And if they can do something like that, I'm open to it, but I don't want it to be at the expense of the people. I want to take care of our people; I don't want to take care of our insurance companies. They've been very well taken care of over the last number of years, believe me.

Okay, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Uranium is a big subject. If the mainstream media would cover the uranium scandal and that Russia has 20 percent of uranium for whatever reason -- and a lot of people understand what those reasons may be -- I think that's your Russia story. That's your real Russia story. Not a story where they talk about collusion, and there was none. It was a hoax.

Your real Russia story is uranium and how they got all of that uranium -- a vast percentage of what we have. That is, to me, one of the big stories of the decade -- not just now -- of the decade.

The problem is that the mainstream media does not want to cover that story because that affects people that they protect. So they don't like covering that story. But the big story is uranium and how Russia got 20 percent of our uranium. And, frankly, it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. And it's a disgrace that the fake news won't cover it. It's so sad.

Thank you very much everyone.