This is with regard to the construction of the Keystone Pipeline, something that's been in dispute, and it's subject to a re- negotiation of terms by us. We're going to renegotiate some of the terms, and if they'd like, we'll see if we can get that pipeline built. A lot of jobs; 28,000 jobs. Great construction jobs. OK. Keystone Pipeline.

This is with respect to the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Dakota Access Pipeline. Again, subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by us. OK.

This is construction of pipelines in this country. We are and I am very insistent that if we're going to build pipelines in the United States, the pipes should be made in the United States. So, unless there's difficulty with that, because companies are going to have to sort of gear up -- much pipeline is bought from other countries. From now on, we're going to start making pipeline in the United States.

We build it in the United States. We build the pipelines. We want to build the pipe. It's going to put a lot of workers, a lot of steelworkers back to work.

OK. We will build our own pipeline. We will build our own pipes. That's what it has to do with, like we used to in the old days.

This is about streamlining the incredibly cumbersome, long, horrible permitting process, and reducing regulatory burdens for domestic manufacturing. Many of the people that we've been meeting with over the last long period of time, but yesterday and others -- the process is so long and cumbersome that they give up before the end. Sometimes it takes many, many years and we don't want that to happen.

And if it's a no, we'll give them a quick no. And if it's a yes, it's like let's start building.

The regulatory process in this country has become a tangled-up mess and very unfair to people. It's a big one.

This is the expediting of environmental reviews and approvals for high-priority infrastructure projects. We intend to fix our country, our bridges, our roadways. We can't be in an environmental process for 15 years if a bridge is going to be falling down or a highway is crumbling. So we're expediting environmental reviews and approvals. OK. Thank you very much.

Some time next week. I'll be making my decision this week. We'll be announcing next week. We have outstanding candidates, and we will pick a truly great Supreme Court justice. But I'll be announcing it some time next week. OK. Thank you all very much.