Thank you very much everybody. I want to just congratulate the First Lady on having done a really beautiful job. The room, they say, has never looked better, but who knows? I'm sure it's looked very good many times.

So Melania, congratulations. I will also want to congratulate and thank a truly great Vice President of the United States and his wonderful wife Karen. And wherever you are Mike, just stand up just for a second.

So I can say that after 4 weeks, it's been a lot of fun. But we've accomplished almost everything we've started out to accomplish. The borders are stricter, tighter. We are doing a really good job... General Kelly has done a fantastic job militarily.

As you know we have a fantastic team. We have an A team. And I'm getting some good reports. There are some big problems in the world, you know that very well. But we're very happy with the way things are working, and again we've made a lot of promises over the last 2 years and many of those promises already are kept. So, we're very honored by that and...  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

I just want to salute and toast the Governors... the great Governors of the United States. They have done an amazing job, such an easy job you have. So easy

But you have done a fantastic job and your families and wives and... everybody's here. I mean I've seen daughters come tonight. I've seen wives, I've seen... all I know is everybody's lovely.

And we're gonna have a wonderful evening, and tomorrow we're gonna meet and we're going to discuss things, like perhaps, health care will come up.  Perhaps. And I think we've made a lot of progress on that.

And we're gonna have a speech on Tuesday night. And we're going to be speaking very specifically about a very complicated subject. Everybody's different. Every state is different. And different requirements. But I think we have something that's going to really be excellent.

And as most of you know, the Obamacare has had tremendous problems. I won't say in front of the Democrats, I'll just say it to the Republicans. It doesn't work. But we're going to have it fixed and we're going to repeal and replace.

And I think you're gonna see something very, very special. And for all of you, and even tonight, because we have Tom Price with us. If you see something or want to discuss it, we don't have to discuss all friendly stuff. We can discuss a little bit of the health care. We might as well start.

But tomorrow morning we're going to meet and have some pretty big sessions on healthcare and other things, whatever's on your mind. So I hear this is a record number of governors, 46. And that's the highest number that have ever shown up for this evening.  So, with that, I would like to toast the great, great governors of the United States, thank you.

Now I know it's inappropriate, but I'd like to ask a friend of mine -- I just destroyed his political career -- from the other side. A man from Virginia. I've known him a long time. And he's a very good guy. Governor Terry McAuliffe, to come up and also perhaps, make a toast, thank you. Terry, where are you? Come on up.