Thank you very much. Americans have always come to the aid of their fellow countrymen. Friend helping friend, neighbor helping neighbor, stranger helping stranger -- we've seen it perhaps more so than at any time, so vividly at least, during Hurricane Harvey.

From the beginning of our nation, Americans have joined together in prayer during times of great need to ask for God's blessing and God's guidance. When we look across Texas and Louisiana, we see the American spirit of service embodied by countless men and women.

Brave first responders have rescued those stranded in drowning cars and rising water, and I have to tell you that I've watched the Coast Guard -- thousands of lives have been saved by our great Coast Guard. They have done incredible work in the most vicious seas that they've seen in many, many years.

Families have given food and shelter to those in need. Houses of worship have organized efforts to clean up communities and repair damaged homes. People have never seen anything quite like this. Individuals of every background are striving for the same goal: to aid and comfort people facing devastating losses. As Americans, we know that no challenge is too great for us to overcome -- no challenge.

We invite all Americans to join us as we continue to pray for those who have lost family members and friends, and for those who are suffering from this great crisis.

And behind me, we have faith-based people who are highly respected, and especially so in their communities where they're not only respected, but they're loved -- evangelical leaders, Christian leaders -- many people of faith.

And I just want to thank you all for being with us today because we're going to be signing a Day of Prayer, and that will be on Sunday. It will be a very special day. And I don't know when this was done last, but it's been a longtime coming. It's been a longtime coming.

So I'm going to sign it, and then a few of the folks will say a few words, and Pastor Jeffress will say a prayer for not only the people so affected -- so horribly affected by Hurricane Harvey, but for the people of the nation and, in fact, the people of our world.

Would somebody like to say a word or two to these very lovely people gathered before us?

Thank you very much. That's very nice.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you. Don't be shy. Since when are you shy?

Well, thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. Anybody else? Anybody else?

From the beginning. Go ahead.

Thank you. Pastor Jeffress, a prayer?

Beautiful. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Sometime today or over the weekend we'll make a decision.

We love the DREAMers. We love everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.

We'll issue it sometime over the weekend. Maybe this afternoon.

We're working on emergency funding. We're doing everything we can and we're working very well with the Governor, who has done a terrific job.

We think the DREAMers are terrific. Thank you.