Thank you. It's really wonderful to be here today with the auto industry workers and management leaders. I'm also pleased to be joined by two incredible members of my cabinet. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. They've been doing an amazing job. They've done a lot of work in a very short period of time.

We're looking forward to getting the rest of our cabinet approved because believe it or not, we don't have it yet. I also want to thank Senator -- we have two great Senators from a great state. Senator Steve, we're going to be heading out there very soon, right Bob? Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate you being here. You want to take some of this business back with you I think.

They're doing big expansions in Michigan. That's what I've been promising and I guess maybe it's one of the reasons I won the state of Michigan much to the surprise of a lot of people because it's been many, many years. But I also want to thank Mary Barra on my right who has really been spearheading it and doing a great job with General Motors. We're going to create 900 brand new jobs, it was just announced.

And that's going to be peanuts compared to the kind of numbers we're going to be seeing in the near future. I believe Mary's going to get on board and really build new plants in Michigan and the United States and it's going to be thousands and thousands of workers. And I want to thank you very much because you really have been spearheading. My first week in office some of the executives came to the White House, became friendly with Mark -- where's Mark? Where is Mark sitting?

And Bill -- Bill Ford and it's been really great Mark, and I appreciate everything you're doing. It's been just super. Sergio flew in from Europe. He told me it took him 12 hours. I said, "What kind of a plane were you flying?"  Where is Sergio? There he is. But you've been doing great and you make a great product and I appreciate it.

Especially when you make them in the United States. So thank you. So, the Obama administration 11th hour executive actions were going back -- and they really did go back on a promise and it would have, I think, destroyed or further destroyed the automobile industry.

The prior administration promised to listen to industry leaders like you about any concern you had with the current fuel efficiency standards during a so-called mid-term review in 2016 and 2018. Then the days went by and before my inauguration they did away with a mid-term review. Is that a correct statement, Mary? You don't want to get too involved politically, but is that a correct statement?

They did away with it. Can I ask you, Mark, is that a correct statement?

It never happened. Were you -- we want to use the nice term -- were you missed represented too?

Imposing painful new restrictions on the American automobile production lines and undermining our ability to compete with other countries and other places throughout the world, which are very, very competitive, believe me. Especially when it comes to making cars.

Today I'm here to make right on what you were promised. We are reinstituting the mid-term review. We're going to reinstitute that review and we're giving you a voice in the process. We're going to do some wonderful work for you, but you have to come back and you have to give us big numbers in terms of jobs. And I know the unions are going to treat them very nicely because, Dennis, we can't go crazy here. You understand that, okay?

We got to take it nice and easy. We love the workers. We got to take it nice and easy. We got to let them build. Remember that, Dennis. I know you so well. So I know you're competitors and you'll always be competitors. But we're all on the same side.

The most important issue -- this is to me the most important issue -- and that's keeping jobs in America and creating new jobs in the United States. That's why I'm here today. We're going to create new jobs.

Many, many new jobs, new plants, not just an expansion of the plants. New plants. Modern plants like you've been building ion Mexico. Like you've been building in other locations. We want to have new plants built in Michigan and new plants built in Ohio and new plants in Pennsylvania and North Carolina and so many other places. And that's what we're looking for.

So we're going to go all out. We're lowering your taxes. We're going to remove one job killing regulation after another. The regulations have already made a big impact on the auto business and on most other businesses.

And we're far from being finished. We've signed many executive orders reducing regulations. We are far from finished. We think we can get rid of about 75 percent of the regulations in many cases and have more security for the worker, for the environment, and in safety because safety is so important. So we'll have better security. And that's why I'm very glad that my head of the Environmental Protection is here, Scott, wherever you are, Scott.

So -- hello Scott. So this is going to be a new era for American jobs and job creation and a new era -- almost like the beginning for the American automobile manufacturers. We're going to make thousands and thousands and thousands of additional cars. We're going to make them in the United States. We're going to work with you on regulations. We're going to work with you on taxes.

But you've got to work with us on new plants, on new jobs, and bringing back our country to a level that it's never seen before in terms of automobile production. And if you're going to do that you're going to see some really wonderful things happen for yourselves, your industry, and for most importantly, the people of Michigan and Ohio and all of the states that were so good to me.

And they were good to me because they were treated very, very unfairly. And so I'm just here today to begin the process. And with that, if anybody has any questions we'd love to take them. Go ahead. Anybody? Dennis, do you want to ask something? It's always tough when I have the union guy ask first. That's always dangerous, Mark. But that's okay. Go ahead, Dennis.

Right.

Sure. 100 percent we agree with you. We all agree with you 100 percent. But we want you to make great cars and if it takes an extra thimble full of fuel we don't want that to stop making. And sometimes it's a tiny amount of fuel. It's a very small thing we're talking about and we want you to make -- I understand your business very well. I understand mechanics very well.

I was always -- I would have been a very good -- I would have been a very good shop steward, but I would have been a good mechanic. And, you know, there comes a point at which you are not making great product anymore. It comes a point at which I would even say people end up buying used cars because they work better because of restrictions that are put on your new product.

And we don't want to be at that position. And you are being forced into a position where in my opinion that was going to happen. So we're going to open it up and we're going to make it good in terms of your workers, which, you know, years ago you had thousands and thousands of more workers making automobiles in this country than you do today. And this isn't just machinery and robotics, this is, you know, the basics. And we're going to change that. And we want robotics. We want all of that to happen. Going to make that too by the way.

But when I looked at the numbers I saw thousands -- tens of thousands of more workers many years ago than you have today and we're going to bring that all back. We're going to bring it back for the worker. Thank you. Thank you, Dennis.

Well, you weren't treated fairly. Because I went to many people and I'm talking to people that are down the middle. They don't care about anything. They just want a certain fairness and they were involved.

And you were not treated. You were misrepresented.

Right. Right. Thank you. Thank you, Mark, very much. Good job too. Mary?

And you have to compete with other countries too and we're going to make you so competitive that the only ones you can blame are going to be yourselves. You're not going to blame government anymore because you're not doing well against certain countries.

You know, I'm so impressed with the people. I'm looking at Toyota, I'm looking at Kia, I'm looking at all these great car companies -- Volvo. It's so impressive. Then I look at Reince. I'm only kidding.  You should run a car company. You probably will end up doing that in a long time, but maybe not. I don't know. He's done a great job, Reince.

But I thought we could go around the table and we could start with our great Senator Bob Corker and just introduce yourself real quickly and we'll all know who's here.

Thank you.

Thank you for being here, Bob.

Thank you very much.

It'll be a very fair review too. Thank you. Yes, sir.

Are the paints today as good without the lead content? You know, you used to have a high lead content.

And I have heard that paints today maybe are not as good as they used to be because of what's been done. Are paints today as good as they used to be or not?

You think so?

Okay. That's great.

Good. Okay.

Sure.

That's true.

Thank you, Jerry. It's a big investment you're making. I know all about it.

And you'll be very happy. You're going to be very happy. Thank you.

John?

And you're going to need a lot of approvals for that because that is a very tough situation. I know you're having a tough situation in certain states. Not in Tennessee I don't think. To have the autonomous cars, without driver. So it's going to be very interesting, but we're going to help you and help you as much as we can.

Thank you.

It shouldn't be complex, but --

It shouldn't be. It's not a complex subject. It's going to be great regulation, but it's going to be fair.

But it won't be complex. It'll be better for the environment, it'll be better for safety, but it won't be complex.

You got to build those new plants here though, Jim. You know what I'm talking about, right?

I know I gave you a hard time, but you got to build them here, okay?

All right. Michael.

Sure. Very nice.

Great, Michael. Thank you. I heard that.

Thank you, Sergio. Governor?

Great. Thank you very much. Thank you, Governor.

Thank you, thank you very much. Keep up the good work. Mary?

Good. It will be. You okay, Dennis? You want to go again?

. I understand that, Dennis.

Some things never change, right?

We do. Workers are going to rise, believe me. They're going to have so many options and so many jobs. And we appreciate your support too, Dennis. For everything.

Mark, go ahead.

And that'll be worked out quickly. Very high standards, but worked out quickly. Scott?

Okay. Thank you very much, Scott.

What percentage of your cars are made here versus Japan?

Sold in the United States?

Okay, good. I had your great Prime Minister with me. Prime Minister Abe. He's a great gentleman and a great -- become a great friend of mine. So we had a very, very great time two weeks ago. You possibly heard about it. Great guy.

Yes, sir.

Very good. Thank you.

Good. Great place.

Well, thank you. And South Carolina's a great place. Very special place. And again, our Chief of Staff, Reince, would you like to say something?

Thank you.

I saw that, beautiful. Very nice.

That's great. Thank you very much, Rick.

Great company too.

Smart guy, right? Smart?

Sure.

Right.

Well, you do know that we are not being treated fairly, though? You do know that, right? I think, better than anybody.

No, America is not being treated fairly by the world and it's going to be treated fairly, believe me. Senator?

Thank you, Senator.

Good. Good man. And I want to thank you, Dave. It's true, about five or six years ago I was given the man of the year in Michigan. And I made a speech -- I didn't know I'd be doing this -- I didn't know I'd be running for President. I made a speech and I said, "Your car industry is being stolen from you." Is that right?

And I spoke about it and I think the people of Michigan never forgot that speech and that's why we're here. So -- and I want to thank you for your support. You were amazing for a long time.

Thank you, David. Does anybody have any questions and then we're going to head out. Going to do a little speech. Everyone okay? I want to thank everybody very much and let's go to the next event.