Good morning. It's a pleasure to have President Ghani of Afghanistan with us. We're working very well together. We're working very hard.

Our military is, as you know, over there right now and doing, really, an incredible job -- more of leadership than fighting. We're leading a lot of wonderful Afghan troops who are fighting very hard. We were just discussing that, and great progress is being made.

So it's an honor to have you and all of your representatives with us. Thank you very much.

Well, thank you, Mr. President, also. And I think it's important to understand that the Afghan soldiers are doing the fighting. We're training and we're working with them very closely, but it's the Afghans that are doing the fighting.

I've also heard, not only this morning but over the last few weeks, that the spirit is tremendous over there of your Afghan forces and of the American forces. Rules of engagement are now different than they were, and we're able to do the job.

And I will say that the spirit -- and I'm hearing it from everybody -- everybody that goes over comes back and said, really, it's like a different place. But the spirit is tremendous.

People don't realize you had 20 terrorist groups in Afghanistan. This is where the World Trade Center people -- I'll call them "people"" -- were trained. This is what happened. But you had 20 groups -- more than anyplace else. It's really a hornet's nest from that standpoint. We are hitting them very

So I'm honored to have you, and I'm very, very happy with what I've heard and the reports that I've heard from our generals and our people. And I think we're going to be very successful. We're there for a number of reasons, but one of the reasons is to stop these terrorist organizations which, for whatever reason, seem to accumulate in Afghanistan more than anyplace else.

So we're doing our job. I think we're doing it very effectively. Tremendous esprit de corps. And we'll see what happens, but I think it's going to be good. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Yes. We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea. Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you.