Shelley.  Thank you. Thank you very much. I guess they like what we're about to sign, huh? I knew they were going to like this one. Well, thank you very much, I very much appreciate it and thank you to our great Vice President, Mike Pence. I'm thrilled that everybody could be here with us today.

I want to give special thanks to Administrator Scott Pruitt, Secretary Ryan Zinke, and Secretary Rick Perry for your remarks employing I told Rick, I said run it the way you ran Texas because this is going to be a great operation and he did a great job. I wanted to have all three and I'm really honored to have our Vice President because Mike Pence has been outstanding.

Hasn't he been outstanding. -- outstanding. Together, this group is going to do a truly great job for our country. We have a very, very impressive group here to celebrate the start of a new era in American energy and production and job creation.

The action I'm taking today will eliminate federal overreach, restore economic freedom and allow our companies and our workers to thrive, compete and succeed on a level playing field for the first time in a long time, fellas.

It's been a long time. I'm not just talking about eight years, we're talking about a lot longer than eight years. You people know it, maybe better than anybody. Thanks as well to the many distinguished members of Congress who have taken the time to be here.

I want to thank all of our industry leaders who are here with us and to share our determination to create jobs in -- determination to create jobs for Americans in America and Shelley, thank you, I spotted you in the audience. Thank you. That is what this is all about.

Bringing back our jobs. Bringing back our dreams and making America wealthy again. I also want to thank the dedicated public servants who are with us this afternoon. You are doing important work to protect our health and public resources. So important. Finally I want to acknowledge the truly amazing peopling behind me on this -- people behind me on this stage, our incredible coal miners.

We love our coal miners. Thank you. Great people. Over the past two years I have spent time with the miners all over America, they've told me about the struggles they endured I actually, in one case, I went to a group of miners in West Virginia, you remember, Shelley and I said, how about this, why don't we get together, we'll go to another place and you get another job? You won't mine anymore? You like that idea? They said no we don't like that idea, we love it mine, that's what we want to do.

I said if that's what you want to do, that's what you're going to do. And I was very impressed. They love their job. That's what their job is, I fully understand that. I grew up in a real estate family and until this little excursion into the world of politics I could never understand why anybody would not want to be in the world of real estate.

Believe me, so I understand it and we're with you a hundred percent is that's what you're going to do, okay? The miners told me about the attacks on their jobs and their livelihoods. They told me about the efforts to shut down their mines, their communities and their very way of life.

I made them this promise: We will put our miners back to work.  we've already eliminated a devastating anti-coal regulation but that was just the beginning. Today I'm taking bold action to follow through on that promise. My administration is putting an end to the war on coal and have clean coal really clean coal.

With today's executive action, I am taking historic steps to lift the restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations.  And by the way, regulations not only in this industry but in every industry. We're doing them by the thousands. Every industry and we will have safety. We will have clean water, we will have clean air, but so many are unnecessary and so many are job killing.

We're getting rid of the bad ones. One after another, we are keeping our promises and putting power back into the hands of the people. First today's energy independence action calls for an immediate re-evaluation of the so-called Clean Power Plan. Perhaps --  -- perhaps no single regulation threatens our miners' and energy workers and more than this crushing attack on American industry.

Second, we're lifting the ban on federal leasing for coal production. Third, we're lifting job killing restrictions on the production of oil, natural gas, clean coal and shale energy. And finally, we are returning power to the states where that power belongs. States and local communities know what is best for them, they understand it. They get it.

They've been doing it for a long time. It was taken away from them and not handled well and they are the ones that we should now and will now empower to decide. My action today is the latest in a series of steps to create American jobs and to grow American wealth.

We're ending the theft of American prosperity and rebuilding our beloved country. We approved the permit to finally build the Keystone XL pipeline and cleared the way to completion of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Thousands and thousands of jobs.  We've already created a half a million new jobs and the first two jobs of my reports of my administration and if you noticed today, Ford, a great company announced massive mew spending on three big plans on the state of Michigan, a state which I love very much.

You remember what happened in Michigan, remember, november 8th, oh that was an exciting Michigan evening. And Ford just made that announcement. It's a great announcement. Very important announcement. Jobs, jobs, jobs. We are continue to expand energy production and we will also create more jobs in infrastructure, trucking and manufacture.

This will allow the EPA to focus on its primary mission of protecting our air and protecting our water. Together we are going to start a new energy revolution, one that celebrates American production on American soil.

We want to make our goods here instead of shipping them it in from other countries all over the world, they ship in, ship in, take the American's money, take the money, go home, take our jobs, take our companies. No longer folks, no longer. We believe in those really magnificent words: Made in the USA. Right fellas? We will unlock job producing natural gas, oil and shale energy. We will produce American coal to power American industry. We will transport American energy through American pipelines, made with American steel.

Made with American steel, can you believe somebody would actually be able to do that? This came up a little bit co insure market dentally when I was signing the pine line deals.

I love signing. I got them done and I said folks when do we get the steel? They said I think it's from foreign lands. I said no good. Who makes it, who makes that beautiful pipes for the pipeline. They said made outside of this country. I said no more, no more.

So we added a little clause, that you want to build pipelines in in country, you're going to buy your steel and you're going to have it fabricated, makes sense. Doesn't it make sense, bob? Yeah, he knows.

Together we will create millions of good American jobs, also so many energy jobs and really lead to unbelievable prosperity all throughout our country and Rick perry's going to have a lot to do with that. I want to thank everybody in this room, you're all special people.

In particular, I want to thank the monitors. You know my guys don't get enough thanks. These people haven't had enough thanks. They've had a hard time for a long time.  They're tough looking guys, too, I tell you what. I'm not going to mess around with this group, right? All right. Thank you fellas. I made my promise and I keep my promise.

So I want to thank everybody in the room. God bless you. And god bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you.  you know what this is? Right, you know what this says, right? You're going back to work. You're going back to work.  ready? We're ready.  come on. One other miner. Who's another miner back there.

Come on, only a miner. You split it up, cut it.  come on. Where's Ryan. Okay, Rick, you'll split that up, with Ryan? I want to thank everybody very much, this is a great honor today, very special, special people and we'll see a lot of progress and Shelley thank you very much. We apprec -- You have been fantastic, really fantastic. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you everybody.