This is our first Cabinet meeting with the entire Cabinet present. The confirmation process has been record-setting long -- and I mean record-setting long -- with some of the finest people in our country being delayed and delayed and delayed.

But that's -- much of that is over. And now we are -- we're going through, as you know, the regular process with people at other levels of government. And that's a very long process also, including Ethics Committee, which has become very difficult to deal with.

All of that being said, we now have our Cabinet finally approved. And I want to welcome Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue -- thanks, Sonny --Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats -- thank you, Dan -- and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer.

It is a incredible, talented group of people in this room: generals, governors, congressmen, entrepreneurs, business leaders and many, many others. I choose each person at this table and I chose them not only because of their remarkable experience and success, but because they've all united by one shared goal, what they want to do, one very simple, but very beautiful, goal: serving and defending our beloved nation.

Together, we're working every day and we've been working very hard together for our country, to protect your safety, bringing back jobs into our country and putting always America first.

And when I ran, it was "Make America great again," and that's what we're doing, believe me. We're doing it and we're doing it at a much faster pace than anyone thought.

I will say that never has there been a president -- with few exceptions; in the case of FDR, he had a major depression to handle -- who's passed more legislation, who's done more things than what we've done, between the executive orders and the job-killing regulations that have been terminated. Many bills; I guess over 34 bills that Congress signed.

A Supreme Court justice who's going to be a great one. Going to be a great Supreme Court justice. And many other things. We've achieved tremendous success. And I think we've been about as active as you can possibly be and at a just about record-setting pace.

And we're achieving these goals by eliminating these job-killing regulations, unlocking American energy, rebuilding our military, pursuing fair and reciprocal trade deals, achieving massive reductions in illegal immigration, transforming the Department of Veterans Affairs, and building a new partnership among nations to defeat terrorism. You have to do.

In just a very short time, we're seeing amazing results. And in fact, there are a couple of major stories today in the newspapers about mines that are opening and the miners are going back to work. Actually, they're pretty big stories. People are surprised. It's kicking in very fast. More small businesses are planning to hire than at any point in over a decade, and last month unemployment fell to its lowest point in 16 years.

I recently returned from a trip overseas that included deals for more than $350 billion worth of military and economic investment in the United States. These deals will bring many thousands of jobs to our country and, in fact, will bring millions of jobs ultimately and help Saudi Arabia take a greater role in providing stability and security in that region.

One of the big things that we did -- and you're seeing it now with Qatar and all of the things that are actually going on in a very positive fashion -- we are stopping the funding of terrorism. They are going to stop the funding of terrorism. And it's not an easy fight, but that's a fight we're going to win. It will be -- you have to starve the beast. And we're going to starve the beast, believe me.

Secretary Price has been working very hard to repeal and replace Obamacare. The House passed a bill. The Senate has it right now. Mitch McConnell is working very, very hard, as are the Republican senators. We will have zero backing from the Democrats, even though they should get in and do something. But we expect to get zero.

If we had the greatest bill in the history of the world on health care, we wouldn't get one vote from the Democrats, because they're obstructionists. That's what they want to do, that's the game, they think that's their best political gain. They're looking to '18.

So far, we've had two races and we've won both of those races. They've spent millions and millions of dollars -- congressional races. We have another one coming up and we've been doing very well. But they're obstructionists and that's sad.

But we are coming up with something that I believe will be very good, with zero support from the obstructionist Democrats. Sad. Secretary Mnuchin is helping us put together one of the biggest tax cuts in American history. It may be the biggest single tax cut in American history. And that also includes a great deal of tax reform, simplification and other things.

Director Mulvaney has led our efforts to introducing a new budget that cuts wasteful Washington spending and protects the taxpayer. And that will come out. And believe me, we'll take care of the people that have to be taken care of. So that's a first step, but we will be taking care of the people that have to be taken care. On a human basis, it's very, very important.

Today, we're going to hear from Secretary Tillerson and Secretary Mattis on the ways that we're combating ISIS and defeating terrorism. We've had tremendous success against ISIS in our fight in the Middle East, where we're doing very, very well.

And we're going to be having a news conference in two weeks on that fight and you'll see numbers that you would not have believed. And, frankly, if you look back to even six months ago, you wouldn't have believed it was possible.

Secretary Shulkin will give us an update on his tremendous work to make sure that our veterans are finally given the care that they deserve, one of the most important things to me on the campaign trail. We've also been strongly pushing for the passage of the V.A. Accountability Act, to ensure employees of the V.A. can be held accountable if they fail our great veterans. It's passed the Senate and the House is voting tomorrow.

So tomorrow we have a big vote coming up, David, and I think we're going to be in good shape. But that's something that is going to be great for our veterans. We're also going to hear from Secretary Acosta about a major announcement that I'll be making later this week: expanding apprenticeships and getting our people back to work.

While we have the lowest number in terms of unemployment in many, many years, at the same time, I've always argued with that number, because it doesn't take into account millions and millions of people that have given up looking for jobs.

And we're going to be doing something about that and we're going to get those people back to work. And it's already starting in Ohio, and it's starting in Pennsylvania and North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida. And you see the numbers, they're starting. I call them the forgotten men and women but they're not going to be forgotten much longer, believe me.

There are millions of good jobs that lead to great careers, jobs that do not require a four-year degree or the massive debt that often comes with those four-year degrees and even two-year degrees. These jobs require advanced skills and technical training and we're going to start that. The apprenticeships -- a very good word from the Trump standpoint, the word "apprentice."

Apprenticeships are going to be a big, big factor in our country. There're people with tremendous talent, it may be a mechanical talent, it may be a talent for fixing an engine or a motor, that a lot of people that graduated high in their class at the best colleges in the world have no clue and they would never be good at it. It's a different kind of an ability, but it's a great ability nevertheless.

We're going to help get our young people the technical training that they need to pursue really exciting careers, and careers that they can make good money, they can really earn a great, great salary and maybe even open small businesses.

If everyone in this room continues to do their jobs, then we can restore American prosperity and make millions and millions of dollars, and we can make for these people and the American dream come true, make the American dream come true for a lot of people that will not have had that experience without the election results that we had on November 8th.

So we're here to change Washington, return power to the people. We're here to give people a great shot at a great, great job, and even opening small businesses and employing other people. I look forward to hearing all of the reports from the different people in the room today.

We have done, as I said, about as much as anybody ever in a short period of time in a presidency. That's despite a tremendous opposition from the other side. We have done something that's very special. And you see it in the economy numbers, because the economic numbers have been incredible.

One just came out: Almost $4 trillion in worth has been created in the stock markets of our country. You just take a look at that. 700,000 jobs have been created in a very short period of time since the election. 700,000 jobs.

If we would've said that on November 8th, nobody would've believed the number. If we would've said that almost $4 trillion in the stock markets has been created, everybody would have laughed at us. They would've said "Oh, that's ridiculous." But that's what -- that's what it is. So, we're very proud of it.

We have a phenomenal team of people, a great group of talent. And we are really now seeing the early fruits of their labor. Some of them won't be able to kick in because statutorially you have to wait periods of time before you're allowed to do the . We'll be having some major legislation very soon on the dumping of steel in our country, which is absolutely killing our workers at our steel company.

We're going to be having some very major legislation on the dumping of aluminum and various other things into our country, which is killing our workers. And we'll be announcing that very soon. So, I think what we'll do -- most of you know most of the people around the room, but I'm going to start with our -- our vice president. Where is our vice president?   There he is.

And I'll maybe start with Mike. And we'll just go around and just -- your name, your position, and then we'll ask these folks to go back and have a good day and we're going to discuss our various reports. Mike?

Thank you, Mike.

That's -- that's great.

Thank you.

Great success, including MS-13. They're being thrown out in record numbers and rapidly. And they're being depleted. They'll all be gone pretty soon. So, you're right, Jeff. Thank you very much. Alex?

Thank you and congratulations.

Thank you, Rick.

Thank you, Nikki. That's terrific.

Thank you, Mick.

Good job.

Very good, Daniel.

Thank you, Betsy.

Thank you.

And we can do both. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you, Wilbur.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

I know they are.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, . Thank you.

Thank you, very much. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much.