Well, thank you very much everyone. We've had a tremendous success in the state of Texas, and the governor and lieutenant governor, I know... you've done a fantastic job and I appreciate it, and the people of Texas appreciate it.

Actually, the people of this country really appreciate it. So I want to thank you very much. And, maybe I'd ask you to say a few words to our friends in the press?

By far... thank you, and by far the most water.

There was never a water drop like this one. There's no question. The FEMA folks have been so incredible. Would you like to say something to the press?

Well I'll, tell you, the military was so great and the Coast Guard... I'm hearing numbers of 16,000 people saved by the Coast Guard.

They were amazing.  All first responders.

You did... what a job they did. So what's the plan?

I appreciate it. Would you like to say it? Go ahead.

Thank you. We're very proud of our governor.. you know, it's something very special. We're very proud of all you guys. And it's true, first responders military, everybody, everybody.

And I do single out Coast Guard because people, I think it's sometimes unsung, but they were out there and they were following them, at tremendous peril to themselves, and they were just right on the edges and then follow them right it, and it was incredible. And they saved 16,000 people. I think... think of what that could have been if you lost anywhere near that number, it would have been one of the worst, maybe the worst catastrophe we ever had.

So the Coast Guard has been so incredible. All of the military. I just want to say I'm very proud of all of you, everybody at this table, and keep it going and we're going to look... at the concept of a more permanent solution, because, you do get inundated, and it's going on for decades. Houston's got some difficulty with that, and we're gonna see if we can solve that on a more permanent basis, and there is a way of doing a method of doing it and they've known it for 20 or 25 years, but nobody's ever done it.

But this governor, this lieutenant governor have been talking about it and, let's take a look at the cost and let's see if it's possible to do because that would save a lot of money into the future and it would also put a lot of people to work.

So, let's see what we can do you come and you show me what the concepts are. I think the concepts work. The question is will the cost work, and I think the cost will work.

There's nothing, there's nothing like what you went through, believe me.  So if you can solve this and this, if had it been built, much of what you went through would have been very small by comparison, perhaps almost nothing. So we're going to take a very serious look at this.

One of the other things we were talking about is green board. It's called green board, it's sheetrock. But it's really a very strong form of sheetrock that actually people use around bathtubs. They use it around bathtubs and showers. And it's, you know, water has no impact on it. And if they would use that on first floors, it covers the same, you'll fix it the same.=

The construction guys know exactly what I'm talking about. We were discussing it and, I said, has anyone ever thought of it, and the statement was only people in the construction industry would know. It's just a little more expensive than sheetrock and frankly, if people would do that on their first floor, that water would come in would come out, and they'd be back in business, you wouldn't have to rip out the whole house.

So it's something I think that should be maybe in certain areas considered very strongly, and you know the areas that we're talking about, and it would be a tremendous... a very small amount of money make a big, big difference , and the water doesn't get through it at all. Thank you very much, everybody.