Thank you, everybody, for being here. We appreciate it.

Today I'm convening this meeting to follow through on my promise to secure crucial infrastructure and the networks that we've been talking so much about over the last period of time, of the federal government against cyber threats. I will hold my cabinet secretaries and agency heads accountable, totally accountable for the cybersecurity of their organization, of which we probably don't have as much. Certainly not as much as we should have.

We must defend and protect federal networks and data. We operate these networks on behalf of the American people. And they are very important and very sacred. We will empower these agencies to modernize their IT systems for better security and other reasons.

We will protect our critical infrastructure such as power plants and electrical grids. The electrical grid problem is a problem. So we'll have it solved relatively soon.

We must work with private sector, the private sector is way ahead of government in this case, to ensure that owners and operators of critical infrastructure have the support they need from the federal government to defend against cyber threats.

Now, I think a pretty good example of this was despite having spent hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars more money than we did, the Democratic National Committee was hacked successfully, very successfully, and terribly, frankly. And the Republican National Committee was not hacked. Meaning it was hacked, but they failed.

It was reported, I believe, by rights and other people, that it was hacked. But we had a very strong defense system against hacking. So despite spending a lot less money than the Democrats -- and in all fairness, winning. People don't say that.

We spent a lot less money, admiral, and we won. That's good, right? Isn't that a good thing when you can spend less and win? But we were also very successful in our defense against hacking.

We're going to make sure that cybersecurity is central to both our military and the ships, planes and tanks built by great Americans for our great American military. And our military will become stronger and stronger as we go along.

I just met with Gen. Mattis and he's doing a great job. We're very happy with him and everybody.

And you probably saw Gen. Kelly. He was spectacular today on his press conference. And we appreciate everything he said.

With that, I want to introduce Rudy Giuliani. And he's going to be working with Jared Kushner and with Tom Bochet , who are also here. And Rudy's very much of an expert on cybersecurity. It's been a very important thing to him and to what he does. And maybe I'll ask Rudy to say a few words. Thanks, Rudy.

Well, thank you very much, Rudy. I appreciate it. And I know you're going to do a great job. You formed the committee, and you're going to go into great detail and we'll have it up and running and we'll be doing something very special in many ways.

I want to just thank Senator Dan Coats. Thank you very much for being here, Senator. Do you have anything to say about cyber?

you'll make it.

Well, I want to thank you for your service, and thank you for everything you've done. Even over the last week, your knowledge is amazing and everybody has great respect. So thank you very much.

And he thought he was going to leave after many years in the Senate and have a nice peaceful life, and I called him -- Dan

And Admiral, thank you very much, Mike, for being here. Would you have anything to say about cyber?

Good. We'll do that. And as you know, John Kelly just gave a very long news conference and a very, very good one and effective one. And while he's warmed up...

... he might as well go for another one minute or two minutes.

going to have a lot to do with the border, and really, when you think about it, a lot to do with what you're doing. And so, it's going to be very important.

Well, thank you all very much, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to get it going. Thank you .

Hold it one second. We're  say one thing .

Thank you. That's great. Thank you, General. That's very nice.

And we'll see you in a little while. We'll be announcing a Supreme Court justice who I think everybody is going to be very, very impressed with. So we'll see you at about eight o'clock.

Thank you very much.