Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Prayut of Thailand and Mrs. Prayut. This is a very great honor for us.

We've had a long and very storied history with Thailand. In fact, we were just mentioning that Andrew Jackson, who is on the wall, was the president when we first developed the big relationship.

So we have a very strong relationship right now, as of this moment, and it's getting stronger in the last nine months. We've done a lot of things together, and it is a tremendous -- it's really very good to have you with us.

This has been a rough day for us because of what took place in Las Vegas, but this was a long-scheduled meeting and it is a great honor. Thank you very much.

I do want to say that our relationship on trade -- and we've been negotiating very long and hard, and we're meeting with our representatives in a little while to go further. But our relationship on trade is becoming more and more important. And it's a great country to trade with; they make product and different things that are really very important to us, and we likewise sell to you.

I think we're going to try and sell a little bit more to you now, make that a little bit better if that's possible. But we have a big, full period of time scheduled with our two staffs.

Tomorrow morning, early, I'll be leaving for Puerto Rico with the First Lady. We are going to be seeing all of the first responders, the military, FEMA, and, frankly, most importantly, we're going to be seeing the people of Puerto Rico.

We've been very -- I mean, I think we've been -- it's been amazing what's been done in a very short period of time on Puerto Rico. There's never been a piece of land that we've known that was so devastated. The bridges are down, the telecommunications was nonexistent, and it's in very, very bad shape. The electrical grid, as you know, was totally destroyed.

But we've gotten tremendous amounts of food and water, and lots of other things -- supplies -- generally speaking, on the island. So we're going to be going tomorrow morning, first thing, very early.

We're also going to be meeting with Governor Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands. He's going to probably -- because of the difficulty in getting in to the Virgin Islands, he's probably going to meet us in Puerto Rico.

And then, very importantly also, on Wednesday morning, very early, we're going to be leaving for Las Vegas, where we're going to be seeing the governor, who I just spoke to; the mayor -- governor of the state -- the mayor of Las Vegas, who I just spoke to; the sheriff, who has done such a great job; the police department has done such a fantastic job, in terms of the speed, and we all very much appreciate it.

So we'll be going to Puerto Rico tomorrow. And on Wednesday, we will be going to, as you know, as I just said, we'll be going to Las Vegas on a very, very sad -- it's a very sad moment for me, for everybody. For everybody, no matter where you are, no matter what your thought process, this is a very, very sad day.

So we're going to be doing that on Wednesday. And we'll be spending the full day there, and maybe longer than that. So thank you very much everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you.