Chancellor, thank you very much. It's such a great honor to get to know you, to be with you.

I want to thank all of the business leaders who have joined us to discuss a subject that's very important to me: training our work -- workforce for the 21st century, especially with respect to manufacturing jobs.

We're working every day to bring back jobs to our country. And thousands and thousands are already coming back. You're seeing it. You're reading about it in the papers every single day.

We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are being filled by American workers.

Germany and the United States have incredible opportunity to deepen our partnership as we continue to develop a strong workforce in both of our countries. Both Germany and the United States are pioneering job-training programs.

Here in the United States, companies have created revolutionary high-tech and online courses. And of course, for decades Germany has been a model for highly successful apprenticeship -- that's a name I like -- apprentice -- apprenticeship programs.

As a result, Germany's youth and unemployment rate is much lower than many of the other countries, especially the E.U. countries. I welcome collaboration between our two countries and our industry leaders.

We have some of our great industry leaders here, as you know, Chancellor. Great people.

We must embrace new and effective job-training approaches, including online courses, high school curriculums, and private-sector investment that prepare people for trade, manufacturing, technology, and other really well-paying jobs and careers.

These kinds of options can be a positive alternative to a four- year degree. So many people go to college four years, they don't like it; they're not necessarily good at it, but they're good at other things like fixing engines and building things.

I see it all the time, and I've seen it. When I went to school I saw it. The -- I sat next to people that weren't necessarily good students, but they could take an engine apart blindfolded.

Companies across the country have a chance to develop vocational training programs that will meet their growing needs and to help us achieve greater prosperity.

The German apprenticeship model is one of the proven programs to developing a highly skilled workforce. Germany has been amazing at this. And I'm glad that the leaders of so many companies represented today have recently launched successful programs right here in the United States.

And we need that because we're training people as the jobs are pouring back in. And they are coming back in big league. I believe that both countries will be stronger if we continue to deepen our bilateral cooperation on vocational training as we build off the best ideas, create the greatest opportunity for growth, and improve the lives of so many workers.

I want to thank everybody in the room. I want to thank my daughter, Ivanka, who's with us today. And mostly -- and most of all, I want to thank -- Chancellor, I want to thank you very much. It's a great honor to have you in the White House. It's a great honor to have you in the United States. And I look forward to spending time with you. Thank you.

Maybe before the press leaves I'd like to ask some of the folks around -- the great leaders of industry and business to introduce themselves, say a couple of words. And then we'll get onto a little bit more private meeting, okay? Ginni.

Great job.

That's a great job. Thank you very much. Great job. Wow. Who wants to follow that?

Great job. Great company too, by the way. Great company. Marc.

Well, congratulations, and you're going an incredible job. And nice to know you. And really, what you've done is just amazing. And let's do that, let's go for that 5 million. Okay?  Very good. Ivanka, go ahead. Say something.

Klaus.

Thank you. Thank you, Klaus, very much.

Well, I've seen your plant in South Carolina. It is incredible. And congratulations, that's really great. Thank you.

I know I shouldn't have said that.  You know what, if I can, I will do it.

I wish I could, but if I can I'll do it. Absolutely.

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Very nice. I know this one.

Thank you very much. Mr. Vice President.

Thank you very much, Mike. I appreciate it. Okay, thank you folks.