Thank you very much. It was great. Big day.

You got it. We had a couple left over and we wanted them, we didn't need them. It was a very big day. Really I appreciate your waiting.

That means you're doing a good job.

It's great to be with you.

We get along great. We get along great. Always have.

I love Australia. We have a fantastic relationship. But I love Australia, always have. Greg Norman is here today, a friend of ours. We have a lot of friends here tonight.

A lot of friends in common.

Oh yeah sure. That's all worked out. That has been worked out for a long time.

We had a good telephone call.

You guys exaggerated that call. That was a big exaggeration. We had a great call. I mean, we're not babies. But we had a great call. Right?

We had a very, very good call. It was a little bit of fake news -- that's the expression.

That will happen. One of the great, great places. One of the most beautiful places on earth. I have so many friends there. I will be there. We will be there -- absolutely we will be there.

Great, I will be speaking about the Battle of the Coral Sea tonight. That was some battle. That was a very important battle for both of us.

We did it together.

Turned it around.

So we have been allies for 99 years. Can you imagine that? 99 years and never a bad time. It is a great, great thing.

Social media is the way to go. I have got over 100 million people watching and social media to me is the way to go. This way, if somebody's not treating you properly or if you do have indeed fake media -- not all of it is fake, some of it is fantastic actually -- but you can just sort of circumvent. But you know, I find, I don't know if you find that but I find social media is the way to go between the different forums. There are many different forums but it is a fast way of getting the word out. I really think it helped today in win -- you know -- on health care. I think it is a great way to communicate and it is a modern way to communicate. Thank you very much. Thank you.