You get most of the credit. And I likely have some tremendously talented people but, in particular, Jason, you love Israel so much that he left a very, very, very substantial job to be able to help on a peace treaty. You would love to see that, wouldn't you. And David Friedman, likewise, one the most successful lawyers in the United States, and he said I wanna, I want to do something. He's your ambassador, as you know, David Friedman.

So we're very honored to have the two of you working so hard to try and bring about peace. And I think you'll be very successful. And if you're not, you'll, get blamed because I just put it on record. . No it's alright, but my staff has been fantastic, and as you know Rex, Secretary of State has done an incredible job. We just got back from the Middle East. We just like Saudi Arabia and we were treated incredibly well. And there is tremendous, well, really good feeling toward Israel.

And I will say one of the things I think, you can call it an outreach but what's happened in Iran has brought many other parts of the Middle East toward Israel. And you could say, that's one of the, if there's a benefit, that would be the benefit. Because I've seen such, such a different feeling toward Israel from countries, that as you know, were not feeling so well about Israel not so long ago, and it's brought a lot of folks together.

And I think you've seen it, and you've even mentioned it, many, on many occasions. So, that is a real positive, amd we're very happy about that.

It's a challenge and it's an opportunity. But you have a great opportunity right now. There is a great feeling for peace throughout the Middle East. I think people have just had enough. They've had enough of the bloodshed and the killing, and I think you're gonna see things starting to happen. What we did over the weekend was, they say there's never been anything like it, ever before. And, it was really a coming together. And, now today being in Israel is just very, very special for us. So, we expect to have some very interesting talks.

Thank you, thank you very much and Shalom. I'm honored to be in the great state of Israel, the homeland of the Jewish people. I'm awed by the beauty and majesty of this sacred and very holy land. President Rivlin, Mrs. Rivlin thank you so much. Thank you, thank you for opening your wonderful home and welcoming Melania and myself to your amazing country, and that's what it is. It is an amazing country. What you've done is, perhaps has virtually never been done before.

With my first trip overseas, I've come to this ancient land to reaffirm the enduring friendship between the United States and the State of Israel, and it will always be enduring, and that's number one to me. We are not only longtime friends, we are great allies and partners. We stand together, always. This moment in history calls for us to strengthen our cooperation, as both Israel and America face common threats from ISIS and other terrorist groups, to countries like Iran that sponsor terrorism and fund and foment terrible violence, not only here but all over the world.

Thank you very much.

Together we can work to end the scourge of violence that has taken so many lives here in Israel and around the world. Most importantly, the United States and Israel can declare with one voice that Iran must never be allowed to possess a nuclear weapon, never ever, and must cease its deadly funding, training, and equipping of terrorists and militias, and must cease immediately.

On those issues, there is a strong consensus among the nations of the world, including many in the Muslim world. I was deeply encouraged by my conversations with Muslim world leaders in Saudi Arabia, including King Salman, who I spoke to at great length. King Salman feels very strongly, and I can tell you, would love to see peace between Israel and the Palestinians.

Many express their resolve to help end terrorism and the spread of radicalization. Many Muslim nations have already taken steps to begin following through on this commitment. There is a growing realization among your Arab neighbors that they have common cause with you, and the threat posed by Iran, and it is indeed a threat. There's no question about that.

I thank both you and Prime Minister Netanyahu for your commitment to achieving peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians. I also look forward to discussing the peace process with Palestinian President Abbas. Young Israeli and Palestinian children deserve to grow up in safety and to follow their dreams, free from the violence that has destroyed so many lives. The United States and Israel can also bring safety and greater prosperity to our people through stronger ties of trade and commerce.

Already our two countries do a great deal of business together. We have a strong foundation on which to build an even closer trading relationship that benefits both of our countries. I'm going to try and narrow that trade deficit just a little bit. Is that okay?  Huh?

He doesn't mind. He wants to keep it the way it is. I understand. Today, we have so many incredible opportunities before us, and my hope for this visit is that we seize every single one of them. I am thrilled to be here on behalf of the American people. I know Israel and America share the same goals, and I have great confidence that we can achieve tremendous success together. We can achieve all of our goals together. President Rivlin, I look forward to working with you and to seeing more of the sacred land, and getting to spend time with the remarkable people of Israel. Thank you very much. Thank you.