Well, thank you very much. We have four great families -- middle class. I guess at a certain point, you're going to be making so much money you don't really -- not going to know what to do with it, perhaps -- I hope -- Brian.

But we have four terrific families. Some of them have had difficulty. Taxes are too high. Frankly, their healthcare is terrible. The healthcare plan is terrible -- Obamacare. And that will be next. We're a long way toward getting rid of that and getting something very good and very much more affordable -- very big problem.

But for the taxes: They want to see tax cuts. They want to see jobs. They want to have choice. You know, in education we talk about choice. Well, we want choice in jobs also. So you can look for five jobs or six jobs, not just take one because that's all you could get. And that's happening more and more.

We have companies moving back into our country. We're doing fantastic -- look at the stock market. Hit another all-time high. I think I heard today was 81 times -- I was saying 60, yesterday -- it's 81 times since the election that we hit a record on the stock market. So we're very proud of that. And that's because of enthusiasm. Enthusiasm levels for business and for the economy are the highest they've been.

So I just want to thank all of you for being here. You're in the Oval Office, and someday you might be President, you never know. (Laughter.) That's a good-looking President. (Laughter.) But it's an honor to have you all, and thank you very much. And if you'd like to say something, perhaps we'll start with you.

Well, thank you, Brian. That's very nice. I appreciate it. That's really good. Well, we're going to get the rates down much lower, and many things are happening. But we're getting those rates way down, way down.

And that's for companies also. We're the highest-taxed industrialized country in the world. Of the major countries, we're the highest taxed, period. And we're bringing that rate down from 35 percent -- which is the highest -- down to 20 percent -- which is among the lower. It's not the lowest, but it's among the lower.

And we'll compete much better with China, where they have a 15-percent rate, and with other countries. We're going to compete much better and it's going to mean a lot more jobs. And a lot of companies are pouring in already, just on the thought of it.

So we're in conference right now, and -- all Republican votes. And we're going to do a -- I call it the "massive tax cut."" But it really is tax cuts and tax reforms. Because part of it is simplification

It upsets me too.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Let me see that. Wow, that's beautiful. Thank you. I know where I'm going to put that. (Laughter.) Thank you very much. Would you like to say something?

Well, thank you very much. That's really well-stated. We're also working on trade deals. We've had people sitting in this position that have made some of the worst deals I've ever seen in trade. And we're going to be fixing them. We are fixing them. We're negotiating many of them right now.

But we're fixing them, and they'll be much more fair to the United States because the United States has not been treated well with our trade deals. We have some very, very bad deals. They're good for everyone but us. And that's changing rapidly, and I know you see that too. Well, you see that with the enthusiasm, you see that with the jobs coming back. So we're getting it all fixed. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Yes.

It's true.

Thank you very much. I still -- we've done that. If you look at what's happened in West Virginia and so many different places, we're sending clean coal. We're sending it out to different places -- China. A lot of coal ordered in China right now. So a lot of things are changing, and they're changing very rapidly.

And West Virginia, actually -- different from your state, but your state is doing very well -- but West Virginia was the second largest increase, percentage-wise, in the country, after Texas on GDP. And, you know, people say, wow, how did that happen? But they're starting to do well in West Virginia, and it's a great state. And they're having a lot of problems.

And now, think of that, percentage-wise, the second biggest bump. That's pretty good in this nation. You wouldn't have believed it, but they're doing great. We're very proud of West Virginia. So, good, thank you very much. That's a very interesting hat. (Laughter.)

That's true. That's true.

That is so good. Thank you. It's a great state. It's a great, great state too. We appreciate it. Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate it. And these are great families that are doing well and now they're doing much better, and maybe much better than ever before. A lot of changes have taken place over the last 10 months, and we're very happy to have all of you here.

But seeing what we've been able to do for the country in a short period of time -- because this is nothing compared to what it will be over a period of years. It's all happening, and it's happening a lot faster than anybody projected.  Thank you very much. Thank you.