Sit down, please. So, it's great to have Harley- Davidson. What a great, great group of people and what a fantastic job you did. And thank you for all of the votes you gave me in Wisconsin. Some people thought that was an upset. I thought we were going to win it. From the beginning we thought we were going to win it. Harley-Davidson is a true American icon, one of the greats.

Your motorcycles have carried American service members in the war and the wars. They take care of our police officers and I see it so often, whenever I go - whenever there's a motorcycle group, oftentimes it's a Harley and the sound of that Harley is a little different, I have to tell you, it's really good. So thank you, Harley-Davidson for building things in America.

I think you're going to even expand, I know your business is now doing very well and there's - there's a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren't having so much in the last number of months that you have right now. You see what's happening. I'm especially honored to welcome the steel workers and the machinists to the White House. Who's a steel worker here? You're all steel workers essentially, right?

But you folks have been terrific to me. Sometimes your top people didn't support me but the steel workers supported me. A lot of your top people will be losing their jobs pretty soon, I guess but they're all coming around, we're getting them. But the workers supported us big league. We want to make it easier for businesses to create more jobs and more factories in the United States and you're a great example of it.

That means we have to make America the best country on Earth to do business and that's what we're in the process of doing, we're redoing NAFTA, we're doing a lot of our trade deals, and we're negotiating properly with countries, even countries that are allies. A lot of people taking advantage of us, a lot of countries taking advantage of us, really terribly taking advantage of us.

We had one instance in Australia, I have a lot of respect for Australia, I love Australia as a country but we had a problem where for whatever reason President Obama said that they were going to take probably well over 1,000 illegal immigrants who were in prisons and they were going to bring them and take them into this country and I just said why?" I just wanted to ask a question

1,250, could be 2,000, could be more than that. And I said why? Why are we doing this? What's the purpose?" So we'll see what happens but a previous administration does something

So I just, you know, we have - we have some wonderful allies but we're - and we're going to keep it that way but we have to be treated fairly also. We have to be treated fairly. In this administration, our allegiance will be to the American workers and to American businesses like Harley-Davidson. And we're very strong. In the 1980s and I remember this, you were victims of trading abuse, big trading abuse where they were dumping all sorts of competitors all over the place and Ronald Reagan stepped in and he put on large tariffs and you wouldn't be talking about Harley-Davidson probably right now if he didn't do that. But we're going to help you too and we're going to make it really great for business. Not just you, but for everybody. We're going to be competitive with anybody in the world, we're going to be doing taxing policies very soon, it's going to be coming out and I know healthcare is a big problem for every - every company is now suffering right now  because of the competitor's cars.

And that's one of the things that we're working on hardest, that and tax policy and tariffs and trade. So I think you will be very happy, it's an honor to have you at lunch. I really appreciate your support. You've given me tremendous support, your workers in particular have given - given tremendous support. I want to thank the people of Wisconsin in particular.

It's been amazing what happened up there. That was a big shocker that evening. One of those things, you go  wow, I'll never forget, wow, Wisconsin just went for Trump and all of these people, especially that guy right there.

No, but then they said what's going on? Wisconsin just went for Trump." And then Michigan went for Trump and Pennsylvania so they were great - just great people

I haven't eased anything.

I haven't eased anything.