Well, thank you all. It's a great pleasure to be here with Secretary DeVos, Secretary Acosta, and Ivanka. I also want to express my appreciation to Representatives Bradley Byrne, Susan Brooks, Lamar Smith, and Virginia Foxx. Thank you all for being here. Thank you. Thank you very much for being with us. And Mimi Walters, thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Susan.

I want to just talk about leadership. It's the most important issue. We need leadership in this country -- women and girls and for every child in America, represented by all of the incredible students here today. These are great students. Are you all good students?

Everybody has really terrific marks. Right? Well, you're doing fantastically. That's why you're in -- I just said before the press came in: What's the name of this office?

Every one of them knew that.  As you know, the workplace is changing. We need to create new pathways for all our citizens to get the best jobs. When you get out of school you want to get great jobs, right?

I've asked Ivanka to lead up the White House efforts on workforce development, and the initiative today is a critical part of that endeavor. Have you seen Ivanka? Do you know Ivanka?

Where is Ivanka? There's Ivanka. My administration will do everything possible to provide our children, especially kids in underserved areas, with access to high-quality education in science, technology, engineering, and math. Are you a good math student?

Are you? Let's see. What's your strength in school? Science?

Good science, right? What's your strength?

Thank you. Thank you.

In particular, computer science for grades K-12 -- that's so important now, right? It's a whole new world. You got to know how to use those computers. Currently, more than half of high schools do not offer computer programming, and nearly 40 percent do not offer physics.

Now, do you have computer programming in your schools? All of you?

How about you? Do you them in your schools?

You're all pretty good with the computers?

That's important nowadays. Greater access to STEM and computer science programs will ensure that our children can develop the skills they need to compete and to win in the workforce of tomorrow. Who likes to win?

Anybody like to lose? I don't think so. Oh, so a little wise guy back there.  Better STEM education also means higher-paying jobs for American workers and families.

You get out of school you get great -- really great jobs -- high-paying jobs. And we're doing very well with the employment rolls today. You get really good jobs. And we want our amazing young Americans to fill these jobs, earn a great living, lift up their communities, and achieve their American dreams.

The directives I am sharing today, with Secretary DeVos at the helm, to make STEM education, including computer science, a priority for the Department of Education. Is that right, Betsy?

That's going to be a big thing that you're doing.

And that's working out well?

You're moving on it incredibly. The department will explore ways to add or increase computer science to existing K-12 and post-secondary education programs.

It also establishes a goal of devoting at least 200 -- listen to this number -- $200 million each year in grants toward funding this priority. So that's $200 million a year. Does that sound like big bucks?

What do you guys think? It's peanuts, it's peanuts, right?  You're going to say, "give us more."" Right?  You got to get more."

But now $200 million each year in grants, and that's toward funding this very, very important priority. So with today's action, we will help give our American children a pathway to success in the workforce of tomorrow.

Thank you, and God bless you all. And I really appreciate you being in the White House. And I know you're going to take a tour in a little while, but we start right here in the Oval Office.

But it's an honor to have all of you, and someday you'll be great students and you'll be the leaders of the world -- the United States and the world. Right?

Would any of our representatives -- maybe I'll start with Betsy. Would you like to say something? Betsy DeVos, everybody.

Well, thank you, Betsy. And the Secretary has been working really hard to get this done. This is just one of many things, but you've been working really hard. And, Alex, would you say a few things? Secretary Alex Acosta.

Well, thank you very much. Thank you, Alex. Great job. Bradley?

Well, thank you. And Alabama is a great state. We love Alabama. Susan Brooks.

Thank you very much, Susan. And these are all very powerful people that are speaking, just so you know. Okay? Now Lamar Smith.

Excellent. Virginia.

I'll take Speaker, too.  Get things done.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Mimi, where are you?

Thank you very much, and you've done a great job, and we appreciate it. You've all done a great job, and it's something very special. My daughter is here. Should we hear from Ivanka? What do you think? Yes? I think so, right? Ivanka, go ahead.

Thanks, Ivanka. And education is just so important at every level, whether it's this or whatever you study. And always remember this: Do what you love. Study what you love. You parents may want you to do something -- and you should always listen to your parents -- but try to focus on the things that you love, whether it's in studies or when you get out of school.

Do what you love and you're going to be successful. Work hard, all of those things -- but you have to follow your heart to a certain extent and maybe even to a large extent.

So when you get out there, make sure that you're -- you know, it's very interesting. I say this a lot -- do what you love -- but then it's not work. Because if you love it, it's not working. It's like a pleasure. So always follow your hearts, and you're going to be tremendously successful people.

And you're going to remember this day because it's a special place. You're in a special place, and very few get to come and see this, but I wanted you to see it today. It is a very, very special area of the world. It all happens here. And you're here today, and it's my honor to have you. So go out there, work really hard, and do really well. Okay? And I'll see you soon. We'll see you soon.

So we're going to sign. The question is, who gets the pen? Who's going to get this pen? I'll get you another one, okay?  You know, get me some additional pens, and while we're going to do this, we're going to give them out to the students.

Because you'll be the ones signing this in the future for future generations. All right, so if you could get me some additional pens. Okay, we'll send them the good ones.  Not the bad ones, the good ones -- like this.

So we're going to give this to a very special woman who has worked so hard on this, and I think that's -- are you ready for it?

Okay, thank you.

I think we'll put her in charge of healthcare. I think we're going to put you in charge.  It'll get done, right? If we do the healthcare, it will get done. Okay everybody. This is very important. Thank you all very much.