Hi Everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. We have some really good news today that's really fantastic -- these numbers. Today I'm delighted to welcome the National Association of Manufacturers to the White House. It's a great group of people. I know many of them well.

And I want to thank your president and CEO, Jay Timmons, for being here with us today. Great job.

Great job, Jay.

My administration is working every day to make it easier for manufacturers to build, hire, and grow in America. We're removing job-killing regulations and lifting the burdens on American industry like I would say have never been lifted before. We've done a lot of work over the last 60, 70 days, and I think you're seeing some real production. I think we can say this, Mike -- like never before.

Earlier this week, I signed an executive order to end the war on coal. We had coal miners up at the office. It was an amazing scene. You had very tough, very strong, very powerful men that were crying actually; and they were crying with happiness. And produce more American energy and more American jobs, which is how I got elected in the first place.

We've created the task force in every agency to eliminate wasteful regulations. And today at 3:30 p.m., with the Department of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, who will be up, and we're signing two very powerful executive orders. That will be something very important -- very, very special. And that will be with Commerce.

One of the reasons we're here today is to announce the extraordinary results of a new survey from the National Association of Manufacturers. Your survey shows that 93 percent of manufacturers now have a positive outlook on the future of their business in this country -- 93 . And it was just a few months ago, 56 . That's a slight difference.  That's a slight difference.

That's a 20-year, record high -- highest it's been in 20 years, and it's going higher. Believe me, you could come back next month, Jay.  I don't know how much higher it can go. And so I'm very proud of that, and we're all very proud of that. And the manufacturers are really starting to invest big money, and a lot of things are happening. It's a new surge in optimism, which is sweeping all across our land.

These survey results are a further vote of confidence in our plan to bring back jobs, lower taxes, and provide a level playing field for our workers. The manufacturing companies represent -- and represented here today -- are just an extraordinary group of people. They're leaders. They're brilliant in so many ways. The field has not been a level field. Jobs have been leaving our country, going to China and Mexico and lots of other places.

And you'll be seeing what's happening over the next few weeks. It should be very interesting for you to watch. As you know the President of China is coming to Florida. We're having a meeting -- big meeting -- at Mar-a-Lago. We call it the Southern White House, which it actually is. It was originally built as the Southern White House, a lot of people don't know. But it's sort of strange how it got there.

But it's going to be something I think very important, very special. I look very much forward to meeting him and the delegation, and we'll see what happens. But I am very, very proud of what you've been able to do in a short period of time -- just this little, short period of time, the optimism is so high. And I see the billions of dollars that are being invested by your people and your representatives in plant and equipment and jobs. And I appreciate that, Jay, very much. Congratulations. You may want to say a few words.

That's fantastic.

Thank you very much, Jay. That's really nice.

Thank you very much. Patricia, would you like to say something? Pretty outstanding what you've done.

That's a really great job. You've done a great job. Really great. Ed?

Well, I love the state of Wisconsin.

There was a little bit of an upset. I don't think --  -- I don't think -- I thought we were going to do very well there. But people would -- they could consider that a slight upset, right? But we don't consider it that. Thank you. Very good. Yes.

I remember.

I did. Thank you. I did. Great job. And you've done a great job.

Yes.

Great state. Great people. Really. We really opened it up. Nobody thought it would happen that fast. They thought maybe at the end of the four-year term, maybe I'd sign it -- no. Nobody thought we were going to go that fast. And the people appreciate it. Julie.

Have you met these two guys?  Thank you.

That's very good.

And you're starting to do really well.

That's good. You know our great Vice President.

Okay, good. Well, we're not finished yet, Drew. A lot of other things are happening, including -- you haven't seen this in 25 years. That's great.

Good job.

We have a lot of plants going up now in Michigan that were never going to be there if I -- if I didn't win this election, those plants would never even think about going back. They were gone. We're you thinking about getting out?

Big progress in Michigan.

Very busy.

You have to be. Big difference. That industry has changed over the last couple of months -- actually, over the last couple of weeks, that industry has changed.

A lot of jobs.

Nice to have you.

It worked out. That was a very good decision. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Yes, I am.