Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Nobody ever told me that politics was going to be so much fun.  But we're doing well. It's going very well.

We just had a call -- long call from General Mattis. And, John, I know, is very happy to hear that, but he knows better than anybody, we're doing very well in Iraq. Our soldiers are fighting and fighting like never before, and the results are very, very good. So I just wanted to let everyone know.

I have some very special friends in this room, especially -- I must tell you, we have the Republicans, but I even have a couple of Democrats. I said -- we had a dinner here about three weeks ago, and it was so beautiful. We had these incredible musicians from the Marine Corps and from the Army -- incredible, actually. And I said, you know, I'd like to do something special -- I'd like to ask the United States Senate, with spouses, to come and hear how good it was. It was just a beautiful evening.

And so here we are. And shockingly, it's semi-bipartisan. A lot of people showed up that people weren't expecting, which is a very good thing.  Which is a very, very good thing.

And I know that we're all going to make a deal on healthcare -- that's such an easy one.  So I have no doubt that that's going to happen very quickly. I think it will, actually. I think it's going to happen -- because we've all been promising -- Democrat, Republican -- we've all been promising that to the American people. So I think a lot of good things are going to happen there.

We're going to talk about infrastructure. We're going to talk about fixing up our military, which we really need. There has been a depletion, and we're going to make it so good and so strong. And there's, I think, never been a time where we needed it so much.

And we're going to be doing a great job. But hopefully it will start being bipartisan, because everybody really wants the same thing. We want greatness for this country that we love. So I think we're going to have some very good relationships. Right, Chuck? I see Chuck. Hello, Chuck.

And I really think that will happen. So, again, enjoy these incredible musicians. They are really something special. And I hope we're going to do this many, many times together as a unit. Thank you all for being here. Melania, thank you very much. Our Vice President. Did we make the right decision with Pence?  Right? And, Karen, thank you very much. So nice. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Have a good time.