Thank you. That's so nice, Governor, and it's really my honor. This is a very special place in a special state. And Senator Cruz and Senator Cornyn, we thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. I know it was hard to get here for both of you -- you were trapped in various locations -- but we appreciate you both being here.

I want to thank my staff, my Cabinet. We have quite a few of our Cabinet here. You know Ben Carson, obviously, from HUD, and Tom Price and Linda McMahon -- Small Business. Small business, which is now big business, because when you add them all up you're going to be helping a lot of the people in Texas and doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Linda.

But we have had a tremendous group of folks. Our Acting Director, Elaine, thank you very much for the job you've done. And a man who has really become very famous on television over the last couple of days -- Mr. Long -- we appreciate it very much. You have been just outstanding.

And I can tell you that my folks were just telling me how great your representatives have been in working together. It's a real team, and we want to do it better than ever before. We want to be looked at in five years, in ten years from now as this is the way to do it.

This was of epic proportions. Nobody has ever seen anything like this. And I just want to say that working with the Governor and his entire team has been an honor for us. So, Governor, again, thank you very much. We won't say congratulations.

We don't want to do that. We don't want to congratulate. We'll congratulate each other when it's all finished. But you have been terrific. Really terrific. It's a great honor. And you've been my friend, too, for a long time.

And with that, maybe you could say a few words.

Well, I want to tell you, I can speak for the Governor because we spoke about it, and we're very proud of the Coast Guard -- the job you have done with the lives you've saved. We're very, very proud of you, and thank you very much.