Thank you, everybody, very much. These are the people right behind me. They've worked so long, so hard. It's been an amazing experience.

I have to tell you. Hasn't been done in 34 years, but actually really hasn't been done because we broke every record. It's the largest -- I always say the most massive -- but it's the largest tax cut in the history of our country and reform, but the tax cut. Really something special.

And I notice this just came out. Two minutes ago, they handed it to me. AT&T plans to increase U.S. capital spending $1 billion dollars and provide $1,000 special bonus to more than 200,000 U.S.

employees. And that's because of what we do. So that's pretty good. That's pretty good. And I have a whole list of accomplishments that the group behind me have done in terms of this administration and this Congress.

But you heard it before, records all over the place, and that will continue and then some because of what we did. $3.2 trillion in tax cuts for American families, including doubling the standard deduction and doubling the child tax credit. The typical family of four earning $75,000 will see an income tax cut of more than $2,000. They will have $2,000 -- and that's in my opinion, will be less than the average.

I think you will have a lot more than that. One thing very important for the farmers, the great farmers and great small business owners that were forced to sell their businesses at bargain-basement numbers. We have provided for the most part estate taxes wiped out, so they can keep their farms in the family, and that to me is a very big factor, very big. This is -- This is going to mean companies are going to be coming back.

You know I campaigned on the fact that we're not going to lose our companies anymore. They're going to stay in our country. They will stay in our country. And you've been seeing what's happening at this prospect, but they have tremendous enthusiasm right now in this country and we have companies pouring back into our country, and that means jobs, and it means really the formation of new young, beautiful, strong companies, So that's going to be very, very important, The pass-throughs you know all about and the small businesses will be big beneficiaries.

We are going to bring at least $4 trillion back into this country. Money that was frozen overseas and in parts of the world and some of them don't even like us and they had the money. Well, they won't have the money long. So it's -- it's really -- I guess it's very simple when you think, you haven't heard this expression, but we are making America great again.

You haven't heard that have you? I want to -- I want to have them get up and get the glamour and the glory, and I want to have a few of them come up. They will speak for a little while short. The shorter, the better. That way we can get all of you.

We get everybody up, right. But I want to thank Mitch McConnell. I want to thank -- what a job, What a job. I want to thank Paul. They're going to speak.

They will say a few words but Paul Ryan and Mitch. We were a little team. We got together and we would work very hard, didn't we? It seems like it was a lot of fun. It's always a lot of fun when you win.

If you work hard and lose, that's not acceptable. But I will name a few names and then some of them will come up, but people I saw so much of over the last month and really over the last almost year because when you think of it, we haven't even been a year and we did the largest tax cut in our history. We -- I hate to say this, but we essentially we repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate, which was terrible, and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare and ANWR. So a friend of mine, oh congratulations, Dan Where's Dan?

Oh, OK. I'll, tell you, between Dan and Don and Lisa. You've done a very great job. So a friend of mine called up about ANWR.

He said, "You didn't get ANWR."" I said

Thank you very much, Lisa Murkowski. So John Cornyn. Orrin is a special person. Tim Scott has been incredible, He's going to say a few words.

I have it mostly memorized, but Tim Scott has been great. John Thune. Where's John? John, great job, John. Rob Portman, a real student of the tax world. Rob, thank you very much.

I want to thank, I said hello to John Cornyn, Pat Toomey. He has been, we rode together in Pennsylvania. Pat where's, Pat? Pat. He knows his business.

Susan Collins, we want to thank. Susan's around somewhere. Thank you, Susan. All friends.

I look at these people. It's like we're warriors together. Kristi Noem on the House. We have Kristi Noem and Diane Black.

Our great Speaker, Paul Ryan, and he is a great Speaker.  Great job, Kevin McCarthy. Kevin, we had fun. Did we have a good time? Steve Scalise, he's braver than all of us.

Where is he? Where is he? He had a rougher year than most of us, but it's a hell of a way to lose weight, Steve. Not a good way. We love you, Steve, great job, Great job. Kevin Brady.

Kevin, Kevin Brady. So maybe what I'll do is -- and by the way I mentioned AT&T, but many companies have come forward and saying they're so happy and they will be doing similar announcements. So we will see something very special. We're bringing the entrepreneur back into this country.

We're getting rid of all the knots and the ties, and you will see you will see what happens and ultimately what does it mean? It means jobs, jobs, jobs. So it will be a very special period of time. We're in a special period of time. It will be even more so.

I want to thank everybody behind me. Maybe I could start with Mitch and then Paul, and then we will have a few folks come up and say a few words, and then we will have a little fun. Mitch, how about you starting?

A man who's been working very hard. Thank you, Paul. Very, very hard for a long period of time, and last night was very much a culmination, but I don't know if we will have bigger moments, but we hope to. We are going to try.

A very special guy and a great friend of mine, Vice President Mike Pence.

Thank you, Mike, very much, A friend of mine, a very, very special man, Tim Scott. Tim, I'd like you to say a few words. He came in and he would solve some problems that we weren't looking too good a couple of times, and Tim was really really a tremendous help. Thank you, Tim.

Diane, come on up. Diane Black. Thank you, Diane.

Thank you, Diane. Very much and we can say Merry Christmas, again. People are saying Merry Christmas again, and we like the sound. I want to ask Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan to come up from Alaska.

They've been really working, and if Don Young is here -- and I think he's around here -- the three of them. Come here. Come here. Dan, get over here.

Lisa.

He's a pretty popular guy, pretty good. I want to ask Orrin Hatch, a special friend of mine. I can tell you that somebody that spoke really well of me when it wasn't exactly the easiest thing to do. He was just always in there always fighting for all of us and did a fantastic job as chairman. Orrin, say a few words, please.

Paul Ryan just said, "How good was that""?  Another very special man

Thank you. You did a fantastic job. And another man who was with us all the way, no matter when I called, he was there or he would get back within minutes, Kevin McCarthy.

So I just want to conclude by saying this will indeed be a very big day when people will indeed look back at our country. It's a whole different attitude, a whole different way, and I really want to end by looking back and thanking all of those people standing behind me that worked for years. This was the culmination of a few months' work, but they've been working on getting this done, whether it's Mitch or Paul or Kevin or Kevin or Orrin. They have been working on this for years, years and years, and I just want to turn around and I want to thank them all.

They are very, very special people. Thank you very much, everybody.  Thank you. Thank you.