Thank you very much. It's great to have the Prime Minister of Malaysia and his very distinguished delegation with us today. We're talking about trade -- very large trade deals.

We're working on one deal where between 10 and 20 billion dollars' worth of Boeing jets are going to be purchased, General Electric engines will be purchased, and many other things.

Also, Malaysia is a massive investor in the United States in the form of stocks and bonds, and the stock exchange. And they have to be very happy because we're hitting new highs on almost a weekly basis.

And so we're very proud of our stock market and what's happened since I became President. So I congratulate you on those investments.

But I just want to say, it's an honor to have you here. It's an honor to have your delegation with us. I believe you'll be at the United Nations next week, and a lot of folks are going to be at the United Nations next week. It should be an exciting week, and we look very much forward to that.

But I want to thank you very much for all of the investment you've made in the United States. Also, the Prime Minister has a major role in not allowing ISIS -- or, as you say, Daesh -- and others to exist. And he's been very, very strong on terrorism in Malaysia, and a great supporter from that standpoint. So that's a very important thing to the United States.

He does not do business with North Korea any longer, and we find that to be very important. We had a vote yesterday on sanctions. We think it's just another very small step -- not a big deal. Rex and I were just discussing -- not big. I don't know if it has any impact, but certainly it was nice to get a 15-to-nothing vote. But those sanctions are nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.

So thank you everyone for being here, and we appreciate it. Mr. Prime Minister, it's a great honor to have you in the United States and in the White House. And thank you everyone for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you. Would you like to say something?

Great.

Great.

Right.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it