Thank you very much. Greatly appreciate it. This concerns the aluminum industry of this country, and I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to welcome all of the representatives of the aluminum industry, including Gabe Hudock, the CEO of Alumisource. And I visited Alumisource, and we had a great time seeing the workers. They are incredible people, but they've been put under tremendous, tremendous pressure and strain by outside sources.

And we're going to end that pressure and strain, so that they can go back and grow and hire lots of wonderful American workers. Also I want to thank Secretary Ross -- Wilbur Ross for being here. He is quickly demonstrating to the entire world that we're serious about protecting our jobs and industries, like aluminum, a great industry that was a much bigger industry in terms of this country, and in terms of our workers -- and it will be again.

Believe me I'd like to get it to be where it was or even beyond if that's possible. The American aluminum industry has been severely damaged by unfair foreign trade. Cheap subsidized foreign imports have flooded into the market destroying thousands of great American jobs -- jobs that are no longer. Eight U.S.-made smelters have either closed or reduced production since 2015. Only two smelters remain fully operational in our country. The United States now produces less aluminum than we did in 1952. Can you imagine that? 1952 -- we're doing less, and that's not going to happen.

That's a disaster, and we're going back -- we're going to start that chart going up the other way very soon. Today I'm calling on Secretary Ross to prioritize the investigation -- he initiated yesterday -- into whether foreign aluminum imports are jeopardizing our Nationals security, and to submit a report setting forth his findings.

Based on those findings, Secretary Ross will make formal recommendations to the White House as to what to do about the problem, and whether or not we do tariffs or taxes or something else to get our aluminium business going again.

Aluminum is critical to our manufacturing and defense industry base. It's vital components mean everything from military aircraft and armored vehicles to our naval ships at sea. We cannot afford these dangerous times to become dependent on foreign nations for the aluminum that our military relies on. And I -- you look at our ships. I went to see some of the ships last week, and so much is aluminum-based and much of that aluminum comes from foreign countries, which is absolutely insane

Today we're sending another clear signal to the world: we will fight for American workers, for American jobs, and we will fight always for the American dream. We're bringing it back. We're bringing it back fast. Jobs are coming in. We produced almost 600,000 jobs just in the short time that I'm in office, and that number is going very much higher over the next few months. We see what's happening in Michigan -- Ford and others are building new plants and expanding old plants, and they're no longer talking about running away from our country.

They're talking about building their cars and other products by other companies right here in the USA. So we're going to have a lot of things happening, and I think the media -- when they report it honestly -- some of you do report it honestly -- but a lot of great things are happening. People don't want to leave. They want to come back and they want to create jobs in the United States. With that maybe I'll just have a few of the folks behind me introduce themselves in the name of their company, and we can start with Alcoa if we might go ahead.

And it's very unlevel, right, for the last... a long time?

Okay go ahead. Yes.

Good, thank You Michelle.

Thank you Larry.

Thank you for your support too. God bless. Good job.

Mike, that's real support. Come here Mike   You're doing okay there, right. It was right for the beginning, right Mike?

Thank you Mike

Thank You.

We'll change that around.

I promise you that. Yes

Thank you. Appreciate it. Yes sir.

You'll bring them back soon believe me. Yes ma'am.

That's right. It was a great visit.

And you're doing a great job, thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you. And Wilbur, everybody knows, right? Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you. Sign this? Who's gonna get the pen, that's the big question, right? Who's gonna get it? Maybe we'll give it to Wilbur, so he... right? Huh? Maybe we should do it.

Okay, Wilbur?

Thank you everybody.