Thank you all for being here today. It's a great honor for you to share your personal stories of struggle under the enormous strain imposed on you by the very, very failed and failing Obamacare law.

Secretary Price and I, along with my entire administration and a lot of people in the Senate and a lot of the people in the House, are committed to repealing and replacing this disastrous law with a health care plan that lowers cost, expands choice and ensures access for everyone.

You represent the millions of Americans who have seen their Obamacare premiums increase by double digit and even triple digits. In Arizona, the rates are over 116 percent last year -- 116 percent increase. And the deductibles are so high, you don't even get to use it.

Many Americans lost their plans and doctors altogether. And one- third of the counties -- think of it, one-third only have one insurer left. I mean, the insurances companies are fleeing. They're gone -- so many gone.

The House bill to repeal or replace or Obamacare will provide you and your fellow citizens with more choices -- far more choices -- at lower cost.

Americans should pick the plan they want. Now, they'll be able to pick the plan they want. They'll be able to pick the doctor they want. They'll be able to do a lot of things that the other plan was supposed to give and it never gave.

You don't pick your doctor. You don't pick your plan. You remember that one.

We're not going to have one-size-fits-all. Instead, we're going to be working to unleash the power of the private marketplace to let insurers come in and compete for your business. And you'll see rates go down, down, down, and you'll see plans go up, up, up. You'll have a lot of choices.

You'll have plans that nobody's even thinking of today. They will have plans that today nobody has even thought about, because the market's going to enforce that with millions and millions of people wanting health care.

More competition and less regulation will finally bring down the cost of care. And I think it'll bring it down very significantly.

Unfortunately, it takes a while to get there because you have to let that marketplace kick in. And it's gonna take a little while to get there. Once it does, it's gonna be a thing of beauty.

I wish it didn't take a year and two years, but that's what's going to happen and that's the way it works.

But we're willing to go through that process. Working together, we'll get the job done.

And I have to say this, just in closing, and then I want to hear some of your stories. And we'll let the press stay for your stories, if you like.

But the press is making Obamacare look so good all of a sudden. I'm watching the news. It looks so good. They're showing these reports -- now, this one gets so much and this one gets so much.

First of all, it covers very few people. And it's imploding. And '17 will be the worst year. And I said it once, I'll say it again. Because Obama's gone -- you know, he -- things are going to be very bad this year for the people with Obamacare. They're gonna have tremendous increases.

And the Republicans, frankly, are putting themselves in a very bad position -- I tell this to Tom Price all the time -- by repealing Obamacare.

Because people aren't going to see the truly devastating effects of Obamacare. They're not gonna see the devastation in '17 and '18 and '19. It'll be gone by then. It'll -- whether we do it or not, it'll be imploded off the map.

So, the press is making it look so wonderful so that if we end it, everyone's going to say, "Oh, remember how great Obamacare used to be? Remember how wonderful it used to be? It was so great."

It's a little bit like President Obama. When he left, people liked him. When he was here, people didn't like him so much.

That's the way life goes. That's human nature.

The fact is, Obamacare is a disaster. And by -- and I say this to the Republicans all the time -- by repealing it, by getting rid of it, by ending it, everyone's gonna say, "Oh, it used to be so great." But it wasn't great.

And I tell Tom Price and I tell Paul Ryan, I tell every one of 'em, I say the best thing you can do politically is wait a year because it's gonna blow itself off the map.

But that's the wrong thing to do for the country. It's the wrong thing to do for our citizens.

So, with that, I'd like to introduce some of the folks. And if you could say a few words about your experience with Obamacare and perhaps the press will even report it.  Would you like to start?

Thank you. Thank you.

I know. Sorry. Don't worry. Don't worry. This is what's happening. It's gone up three times, and then you have to pay -- if you don't want to use it, you have to pay. That's the all-time beauty. If you don't want to use it, you have to pay. And, Tom, you have to pay big league, right? Some people say, well, if I use it, I use it, I'm paying too much. If I don't use it, I have to pay a penalty. And do you have to pay penalties? Do you ever do that, or you have to --

And it's gone up triple.

And before Obamacare, you actually had good health care.

A lot of people -- nobody ever takes that into account. I'm not saying the system before was good, because it wasn't, but millions of people had great health care that they loved.

Now, when you start deducting those millions of people from the so-called people that are happy, you have a very small number of people that are happy. That, I can tell you. How about you?

So it's been a rough go.

How have you found Obamacare?

It's put businesses in financial ruin.

It's one of the biggest costs -- it has been disastrous for businesses. Go ahead, sir.

Thank you.

So your insurance was good before Obamacare.

Many people are like that. Many, many plans were great before Obamacare. They were so happy. And that doesn't justify the system before Obamacare, but people are miserable now, and it's putting people out of business and it's putting them in the poorhouse. Go ahead.

Very unfair.

And you represent a lot of people in the same situation.

It's very unfair.

Well, it turns out it's so expensive it's almost not socialism when you think about it.  You have to pay so much.

What do you think? Go ahead.

And a higher deductible.

You have a lot of people in Arizona paying a big penalty?

You're paying the penalty?

Well, thank you very much. The people of Arizona have been hit very, very hard. At least 116 percent. Here's the bad news: It's going to go up more this year. Now, if we repeal it, nobody is going to know that, and the press is going to say how wonderful it was, and, gee, we miss Obamacare. That's the problem. It's the biggest problem I have, Tom. We're going to do them a big favor, but it's not the right way. Go ahead.

Thank you very much, Louis.

Good school.

Thank you. That's so nice. Thank you, I appreciate it. Great job. Yes, go ahead.

I'll be in Tennessee on Wednesday.

I'll see you there.

So you've seen a big problem, and the way out of the problem is to do a plan much more like the plan we're going to get done.

We'll get that out -- without penalties too, by the way. People don't mention all of the facts.

You know, the other thing about what we're talking about -- we really have a three-phase plan. They only want to talk about the first phase. The first phase is just the most basic of phases, and then you have phase two, which is largely done by our Secretary, and then you have phase three, which is a lot of the bells and whistles. But they don't want to talk about the bells and whistles. So they're really comparing things to something that won't be there for long.

And the reason we have to do it that way is because of Congress. I'd love to do it all in one package, but if you did it that way, it can't get done. So we're going to get something done that's going to be terrific. I appreciate it. Thank you, doctor, very much. Yes, sir. Go ahead.

Good.

Will you be able to continue, in the years to come, if you have to keep going like this?

You know what that means? That means somebody is going to make a lot of money. You know that. They're going to make a lot of money.  Somebody is going to -- well, a few. You're not going to make it. They're going to make it. There are people very happy about this situation.

Well, I appreciate. Thank you, Joel. Doctor?

And do they even reach it with the high deductibles? They don't even reach it for the most part.

Well, I appreciate it, doctor. Thank you. Say hello to your wife.

Very nice. Thank you. Gina.

So the health care is -- the Obamacare forced you to actually -- in a sense, forces you, economically and almost potentially, to get another job.

Even though you like your job.

Meaning the deductible was so high that, essentially, unless you had a really big problem, you wouldn't even be able to use it.

The deductible was so high that essentially unless you had a really big problem, you wouldn't even be able to use it.

It's really not having insurance at all. A lot of Obamacare, you don't really have insurance because the deductibles are so high that you really don't have insurance, if you think about it. All right. Thank you very much. Good luck.

Yes, sir.

What do you have there? I wished I looked that good.

That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you. I wish I looked that good.

As you know, that's what we're doing largely, but we also have to take care of people that can't afford to be in a position like you are. So we're going to do that. Largely, I think beyond everything, if you look at what's going to happen -- the competitive bidding -- every element of what we're doing is competitive bidding, but we have to take care of people who need the help. And there are a lot of people like that.

We're going to help a lot of people, but we are going to be very much free market people. They can afford -- and they'll be off the cost. Go ahead, Stan.

Other than that, you like him a lot, right?

So it's gone through the roof.

That's interesting. Tom, could you answer that? That would be interesting.

Nucor has been very good. It's going to get better, too.

Those days are gone, but they're coming back.

Well, Gary Cohn, who is sitting right next to you, he's a big believer in what you're saying -- right, Gary?

Good. Thank you, Stan.

Would you have anything to say, Tom, generally speaking?

What about the concept that -- and everybody knows it's happening -- that Obamacare is imploding, that if we don't do anything, it's not even going to be around in another year? The insurance companies are fleeing. But now it seems to be getting this wonderful press like it's a wonderful thing, and it's a horrible thing actually, and getting worse. And '17 will be, by far, the worst year so far.

Because a lot of things were put into '17. But '17 is going to be worse, and I assume '18 will be worse even than '17. So it's essentially gone. How do you respond to that? Because I've been telling you, "Why don't we wait? Just let it implode, and let's not take the blame." I've been telling you that as an option. It's not an option I like, frankly, but it's certainly an option. How do you respond to that?

Well, I'm not saying that. I'm saying, if we don't implement the law, what happens with Obamacare? What's going on with Obamacare?

Getting insurance but not being able to use it because the deductibles are so high.

And you hear these stories where they're paying a fortune for insurance, and then you hear how high their deductible is. And unless they have a tragedy in their family, they're never going to be able to use it.

Well, keep working it.

He's been working very hard, and he's doing a great job. Mr. Vice President, do you have anything to say?

Thank you, Mike. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.

It will get better. If we're allowed to do what we want to do, it will get better -- much better. Hopefully it will get very good.

It takes a period of time. Thank you, press.