Thank you very much. And it's a great honor to be with my good friend, Prime Minister Netanyahu, and, of course, Sara. Thank you. And also thank you for that beautiful tour. Melania is still talking about it. Thank you very much.

You honored me and Melania by being one of the first world leaders to visit the White House, as you know. And we had a very good and sound discussion. And now you honor us again by welcoming us to your home on my first trip abroad as the President of the United States.

This is a land filled with beauty, wonder, and the spirit of God. I've been amazed by the glorious and beautiful monuments and holy sites, and the generosity of your incredible people. Because it's all about the people. I was deeply moved by my visit today to the Western Wall. Words fail to capture the experience. It will leave an impression on me forever.

Today, we reaffirmed the unbreakable bond of friendship between Israel and the United States -- a friendship built on our shared love of freedom, our shared belief in human dignity, and our shared hope for an Israel at lasting peace. We want Israel to have peace.

But we are more than friends. We are great allies. We have so many opportunities in front of us. But we must seize them together. We must take advantage of the situation, and there are many, many things that can happen now that would never have been able to happen before. And we understand that very well. That includes advancing prosperity, defeating the evils of terrorism, and facing the threat of an Iranian regime that is threatening the region and causing so much violence and suffering.

During my travels, I have seen many hopeful signs that lead me to believe that we can truly achieve a more peaceful future for this region and for people of all faiths and all beliefs and, frankly, all over the world.

In my visit to Saudi Arabia, I met with many leaders of the Arab and Muslim world, including King Salman, who treated us so beautifully and really wants to see great things happen for the world. He really does. I got to know him well, and he really does.

These leaders voiced concerns we all share -- about ISIS, about Irans rising ambitions and rolling back its gains, and about the menace of extremism that has spread through too many parts of the Muslim world. Im encouraged that they pledge cooperation to confront terrorism and the hateful ideology that drives it so hard. America welcomes the action and support of any nation willing to do the hard but vital work in eradicating the violent ideologies that have caused so much needless bloodshed and killing here and all over the world.

We are willing to work together. I believe that a new level of partnership is possible and will happen -- one that will bring greater safety to this region, greater security to the United States, and greater prosperity to the world. This includes a renewed effort at peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians, and I thank the Prime Minister for his commitment to pursuing the peace process. Hes working very hard at it. Its not easy. Ive heard its one of the toughest deals of all, but I have a feeling that were going to get there eventually, I hope.

Im certain we will have very productive discussions. And were going to have very productive discussions, in my opinion, with the leaders of other nations also. And I feel strongly about that, because theres a lot of love out there. And people from all nations, even nations that you would be surprised to hear, they want to stop the killing. Theyve had enough.

America stands ready to assist in every way we can. Our deep and lasting friendship will only grow deeper and stronger as we work together in the days ahead. I thank you again for hosting us in this beautiful and ancient land. Truly, its a land of wonders. And its my honor to be here with you. Sara, thank you. Bibi, thank you. I appreciate it very much. Great honor. Thank you.