I think it's been going really well. It's a rough... It's a rough hurricane as you know better than anybody. The Coast Guard has been amazing already. You've been hearing what they're doing. Right in the middle of the storm. FEMA has been incredible. We're working very well with the governor and the other governors in surrounding states.

I just got back. We had the cabinet, the whole Cabinet out, and every group has coordinated really well. I mean the bad news is that this is some big monster. But, I think we're very well coordinated.

Well, I hope there aren't too many people in the path. You don't want to be in that path, that's a path you don't want to be in, and we tried to warn everybody, and for the most part they've left, but that's a bad path to be in.

I'll be... we'll go to Florida very soon.

Well, just the power of this hurricane. This is probably... I saw, somebody said 57 years. Now who knows what that means, but it's just about the biggest ever recorded that hit land, and unfortunately, we got it. Now it may, we may have been a little bit lucky in that it went on the west, and it may not have been quite as destructive.

But we're going to see. We're going to... it's going to play out over the next five or six hours. I'm going in now for meetings, but it's all about coordination. I think we're really well coordinated, as well as you can possibly be. And I'll tell you what: we have great people.

And a group that really deserves tremendous credit is the United States Coast Guard. What they've done, I mean, they were they're going right into that, and, you never know. You know when you go in there, you don't know if you're going to come out. They are, they are really... if you talk about branding: no brand has improved more than the United States Coast Guard.

And FEMA, and the entire group. FEMA's been incredible. So, now we'll see what happens. But really, I think the hard part is now beginning. We'll see what happens.

Excuse Me?

It's going to cost a lot of money. Right now, we're worried about lives, not cost. Thank you everyone. Thank you.