Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with a very good friend of mine, President Moon of South Korea. We're having a very important set of discussions today, tomorrow, and the next day. We've been having them for quite some time since you first gained office. And you're doing a terrific job. And I think we're doing a terrific job together.

We've had terrific talks on trade. And we'll be signing, in a little while, a very important trade agreement with South Korea and the United States. And I think it's a very exciting event.

It was a long time in coming, and it's a basic redoing of the agreement that was done before, which was a very unfair agreement for the United States. And I think that President Moon and myself, we're very happy. It's great for South Korea. It's great for the United States. It's great for both.

We also talked, obviously, about North Korea, where we're making tremendous progress. Chairman Kim has been really very open and terrific, frankly. And I think he wants to see something happen. So we have done -- I think, mutually, we've done very well with respect to North Korea. And we'll be discussing that during the next couple of days. We'll be certainly discussing it now.

But I just want to say it's a great honor to have President Moon with us. And thank you very much, Mr. President, for coming. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We'll be having a second summit with Chairman Kim in the not too distant future. Our Secretary of State will be dealing with that subject. Mike Pompeo has been in touch with them, and we've been in touch with them. And I think within a fairly -- pretty short period of time, that will be announced and it will be location to be determined.

But we're both very much looking forward to having it. It will be between North Korea and the United States. It will be similar to the format we had before, most likely a different location. Again, it will be announced pretty soon.

I think a lot of progress is being made. I see tremendous enthusiasm on behalf of Chairman Kim for making a deal, and I think that that's something that's very good. We are in no rush. There's no hurry. We got back three months ago or so. I think we've made more progress than anybody has made in -- ever, frankly, with regard to North Korea.

I really believe North Korea has tremendous economic potential. And I believe that Chairman Kim and the people of North Korea want to see that potential arrived at, and we will help them to that end. And the relationship is very good; in fact, in some ways, it's extraordinary. We'll see what happens. But we will be having a second summit in the not too distant future. Okay? Thank you all very much.

No, I'm meeting with Rod Rosenstein on Thursday when I get back from all of these meetings. And we'll be meeting at the White House, and we'll be determining what's going on. We want to have transparency; we want to have openness. And I look forward to meeting with Rod at that time. Okay?

Well, we're going to have a meeting on Thursday when I get back. Right now, today, we're meeting with a lot of great people, including President Moon. And we're -- over the next couple of days, as you know, we're meeting with many countries. Tomorrow we're giving a big speech, but I'll be back on Thursday. And when I get back, we're going to have meeting. I've spoke with Rod today, and we're going to have meeting on Thursday when I get back to the White House.

I want to say, the country, the United States -- as President Moon pointed out when we first met -- the United States is doing better economically than we've ever done before. The numbers are outstanding. New numbers will be released that I think will just continue this forward march. And I think we have tremendous potential on the upside.

I'm very excited about our new trade agreement. And this is a brand new agreement. This is not an old one, rewritten. This is a brand new agreement. And I'm very excited about that for the United States, and I really believe it's good for both countries.

But the numbers that we're doing in the United States, whether it be unemployment numbers or whether it be employment numbers -- we have right now, this moment, more people working in the United States than ever before in our history. That's some number, Mike, right? And, you know, it's a number that people did not expect to see. It's a number that nobody thought would happen, certainly within two years. We're not even up to two years of the administration. So we have more people working in the United States today than we've ever had.

Our unemployment numbers are among the best they've ever had. For African American, it's the lowest we've ever had. For Asian American, for Hispanics, the lowest we've ever had. And we're very proud of that.

And on top of that, we have many companies moving back into the United States. In most cases, it's back. They left and now they're coming back. They all want to be where the action is.

So I appreciate your kind words, but our economy is the envy right now of the world. We're the fastest growing economy in the world. Think of it. As large as we are, we're the fastest growing economy in the world. Up $10 trillion. So we're very proud of that. Thank you very much everybody.