Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be here. This was the -- thank you. So many of those beautiful hats. And we love those hats.

Remember, you have to win the great state of Ohio.

And did we win the great state of Ohio by a lot?

And then I always say -- I always say that, How are we doing now compared to the election? And so far, the answer has always been, Better or Much better. Every place. So we're doing great.

And we just a had a couple of meetings with some of the folks, and I'll tell you what, we have great, great people in this state. This is a very, very special place. And this is a little bit of a business roundtable today. We're going to be talking with Secretary Alex Acosta; Congressman Jim Renacci, who is, as you know, running for the Senate, and we need his vote very badly. He'll be fantastic. I've known him for a long time.

I have known Jim for a long time and he agrees with what we're doing, and he agrees. You look at the steel plants and steel mill; they're starting to open again. I just left the President of United States Steel, and he said it's incredible what's happening.

And, you know, we did a thing called tariffs, and we did -- on steel and aluminum -- and we're doing a lot of other things. My group just got back from China. We're going to have to rework trade with China because that's been a one-way street for decades and we just can't have it happen. And so we'll do that.

And we have a lot of respect for President Xi, and we have a lot of respect for China. But we can't go on that way. And that will all work out.

We're doing very well on, as you know, North Korea. We'll see what happens. But we have a meeting set up. We have the location all done. We have the time and place all finished now. We have the date. And so I think that will be something very special.

If you remember, we were into that -- others from the administration were saying that's going to be the toughest problem. And certainly it's a problem, but there are many problems, and we'll get them solved. We had to -- we broke 4 percent yesterday.

You saw that. First time in -- you know, there are two ways of saying it: You could say, first time in 20 years or first time in this century, and -- . And we're really -- we're doing great from that standpoint.

And we want to get our workers back. We want to get our -- we want to make our product here. We want to make everything here. This is America first now, folks.

This is now America first. It's enough -- what we've been doing for the last long period of time.

So thank you. We have Make America great again. We have America first. You can choose whichever one you want or you can choose both.

I really want to choose both. But the choice is America first.

Because we really have -- and by the way, other countries, they put themselves first. Okay? I'm not saying -- you know, we've had, where we talked about America. Well, the fact is, we want to be first. We're going to make our country great. And you know, people from other countries, they're going to do what they have to do.

But we're going to bring it to a level playing field right now.

You look at our trade deficits with every country virtually. I mean, I don't even have to ask. I don't have to go around, How are we doing with this country or that country? For the most part, almost every time, we're doing badly. We have deficits with everybody. And don't let anyone ever tell you that trade deficits are okay.

They're not okay.

They're not okay.

We have massive trade deficits with China. We have massive trade deficits with Mexico. Who would think? A hundred billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. Who would even think that? And that doesn't include lots of other problems.

You see that on the border. I really thought they'd be much tougher and better to us on the caravan. Didn't quite work out, but that's okay.

That's okay. It's going to end up working out.

Our borders are -- and our laws are a mess. Our immigration laws are a disgrace. And Mexico has some of the toughest immigration laws in the world. You can't just go into Mexico.

But they allow these people to come up through Mexico and come into our country. And they know that our laws are so weak that once they get up there, it's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.

You've seen catch-and-release. You catch them, and then you release them. Okay?  That's what it is. Catch -- this is a Democrat rule.

Sherrod Brown. This is a Democrat rule. Catch-and-release. You catch them; you release them.

And just to show how ridiculous, we have judges. We have thousands of judges. Do you think other countries have judges? We give them, like, trials. That's the good news.

The bad news is, they never show up for the trial. Okay?

So they release them, and they have a trial, and it's supposed to take place in a year. A year. Not the following day. But that's okay.

There's only one problem: Nobody ever shows up.

They're in the country. Welcome to the United States. And these are the laws that we're suffering with.

This is why you'll see -- and the wall we have to build. How about the wall -- where everyone scales the wall?

Now we are fixing and building walls now. But we need much more money. We're doing the job right. We're going to do the job. And we may have to close up our country to get this straight, because we either have a country or we don't.

You can't allow people to pour into our country the way they're doing.

You just take a look at that mess that's on television right now. It is a total catastrophe. And these are the laws passed by Democrats so that we have open borders. They want open borders.

We have to have borders. If you don't have borders, you don't have a country. So we're going to have that. So step by step.

So step by step, we've made a lot of progress, and we're going to be making a lot of progress on that too. And we have, actually -- you know, it's very interesting. In San Diego, they wanted a wall built; we have the money to build a wall.

We are actually -- you know, we got $1.6 billion for fixing and building. But in San Diego, California, where we have a lot of problems -- you know, we have a governor that's not cooperative, wants to have -- you know, between sanctuary cities and let people come in with open borders and everything else, it's not easy for our Border Patrol people. It's not easy for our ICE people.

How about the mayor of Oakland, where she notifies them that ICE will be coming, so everybody splits up? And this was a well-orchestrated situation. She notifies them that ICE will be coming, and everybody splits up. So all of that work and all of that everything to do what they had to do, it turned out to be a big bust. It's very, very sad.

And let me tell you, that's called obstruction of justice. You want to know? That is called total obstruction of justice.

So we're getting it straightened out. It will be straightened out soon. We passed the biggest tax -- if you look. I mean, you take a look at the tax -- I call it the tax cut plan. You know, they wanted to call it the tax reform plan.

I say, How come since Reagan, nothing has passed having to do with tax cuts? How can -- and, being a nonpolitician, I say, How is it possible not to be able to pass tax cuts? They said, Well, it hasn't happened since Ronald Reagan anywhere near what we're doing. But essentially tax cuts, even at a small level.

I said, I don't understand. You're going to reduce taxes for people and you can't get votes? They say, No, sir. I say, Huh, I can't figure it out. Then I found out, they don't call it tax cuts; they've called it tax reform.

Well, tax reform might mean your taxes go way up. It could mean a lot of bad things.

So I said, Here's what we'll do. We're going to call this plan the tax cut plan.  Tax cut. C-U-T. Tax cut.

We're going to cut taxes. We're not going to reform. We're going to reform too, but we're not going to reform; we're going to cut taxes.

So I was -- I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe. Because I looked, and I studied like four or five attempts, and they failed miserably. So they called me up and they want to know, Sir, what's the official name you'd like on the bill?

I wanted it to be called -- this is true -- they didn't want to do it, they thought it was a little hokey and I think they were right. But I wanted it to be called, The Tax Cut, Cut, Cut, Cut Plan.  I actually did. I would have put it in. I would have put it in.  You know that, Sharlene?

And they said, That's a little -- you know, in front of the United States -- and I said, All right. So we'll call it the 'Tax Cut and Jobs Plan.' And we did that, and we got it passed, and it's the first time -- the biggest in our history.

And the stock market -- since the election, the stock market is up almost 35 percent. Think of that. Almost 35 percent.  Honestly, and companies are doing even better than that. Companies are doing better.

They are ready to just do numbers that you've never seen before.

And we do need people coming into our country. You know, at 3.9 percent unemployment, we need people coming in. But I will tell you this, we want people to come into our country on the basis of merit. Not picked out of a -- .

So we're working on merit systems because we need people to help.

You know, we have -- up in Wisconsin, we have Foxconn coming in. That's a friend of mine. They make many of the Apple iPhones and Apple equipment. And I said to Tim Cook, who is now investing $350 billion -- Apple -- and they're bringing much of it in from foreign lands, from overseas.

They're bringing it in because of our new tax plan because it gave them the incentive to bring money.

So these big companies are bringing the money back and they're investing it in the United States. Tim Cook is bringing $230 billion back from overseas. Money you would have never seen. And Apple is spending $350 billion on new plants and a campus.

That was great. That's great.

So we have a lot of things happening. And in Ohio, you know what's going on. The auto companies are starting to come back, they're starting to expand. I had -- it was so nice, I was greeted at the airport by great people. And some of them were coalminers.

And one of them said -- they're dressed in beautiful -- actually, black shirt. I said, Give me one of those. I want to wear it if I ever play golf, I'll wear that shirt. It's beautiful. It was beautiful, actually.

And they were standing -- they greeted me off the airplane. There were a lot of people waiting at the airplane. And I went over. They said, Sir, we're coalminers.

And since the day you got elected, we've been filling up the trains. I said, What do you do? He said, We load trains. I said, Well, that's a good description. I mean, I don't need better than that; that says it all.

He said, We load trains. And from the day you got elected, we've been loading trains. Before that, I said, how was it? They said, Not good. There wasn't too many trains to be loaded.

But he said, I haven't had a day off since the day you got elected. And that's happening. And it's going to be happening even more so.

So when it's all together, and when everything is really set, and it's really going well, it's going much better than people even understand. Our military -- we got $700 billion. I didn't like having to do this last budget because there's a lot of things that the Democrats put in that I hate. But I had to get money for our military.

Our military was depleted. We're getting the new equipment. You will the see the same stories that I do.

And we needed help, and I got $700 billion, and then I got $716 billion. And remember, that equipment is all made here. It's made in the United States. We make the greatest missile systems, the greatest planes. We make the greatest military equipment and a lot of other equipment, including commercial planes. But we make the greatest military equipment in the world.

You got to see that recently when you saw what we did in Syria, where they said, Oh, we shot down 40 missiles. I don't think so. I called up. I said, How many were shot down? None. None.

Stealth missiles.

It's called, stealth missiles. And every single one -- . We shot at 109 and we had 109 hit their target.

And by the way, France and the UK -- it was great. They helped us. They were with us all the way and we appreciate that. But we make the greatest equipment in the world, but we had to fix out military.

We also wanted something that has a tremendous impact on Ohio is the opioid disaster -- drugs, generally. But the opioid -- we got $6 billion for opioid prevention and work and rehab. And we need help. We need help.

And we're very, very tough. One of the reasons we want the strong border is a lot of this stuff comes in from different places. But it comes in from Mexico; it comes along the southern border. And we're stopping it.

We're making it much tougher. But we can't do that unless Congress gives us the tools that we need.

We need to get rid of catch-and-release; we need strong, strong tools. We don't want the lottery system; we want a merit system.

Can you imagine a lottery system? Can you imagine it? We take people based out of a lottery. A lottery. Do you think the country is putting their finest in the lottery? I don't think so. I don't think so. All right? Think about that.

And you know, the problem is that these beliefs are so deep seated in the Democrats, like Sherrod Brown. They're so -- I mean, you have to -- we need the votes.

Jim will be -- you're not a big lottery system man, are you? Good. Okay. Otherwise I'd have to take away my endorsement. (Laughter and applause) Otherwise I'd say, Jim, I can no longer endorse you, Jim.

No, we want a merit system where they come in based on merit. So we're going to get a lot of things done. We have a lot of great people running. I think we're going to do very well in the midterms. The poll numbers are, you know, pretty good.

The question is whether or not -- they actually say that I'm popular. Can you believe it? Of course, the fake news doesn't say that. The fake news.

No, they -- it's been -- you know, we've been doing very well. We just had a poll -- 51 or 52 -- which came out, you know, very nicely. And then I turn on, like, you know, one of the networks, and I see, Donald Trump, who is not very popular. I'm saying, What -- what are you talking about?

In fact, you saw the poll that came out that I'm above Obama. Above Obama.  And then -- no, but then you turn to the fake news, and they go, Donald Trump, who is not very popular. And I'm saying to myself, How do they get away with it? You know, I'm not saying -- hey, it's going good.

We're doing well.

It actually amazes me when you can be at 51 or 52 on a poll that was -- this is Rasmussen -- it was very accurate for the election; one of the more accurate polls for the election. And you're in that category, and you get nothing but bad publicity. I mean, I get nothing but bad publicity. I say, How is it possible that I can do that?

Now, it's fake publicity. And some of the -- you know, some of the -- I have to tell you, there are some great professionals, too, in that world. You know, I don't want to make it like everybody. But the amazing thing is that people are smart.

They get it.

You see the jobs. Now you have choice too, just like we're getting the veterans choice -- we're going to have that very soon by the way -- you're going to have choice of jobs, of jobs.

You know, people would have one job and they were petrified to leave their job. They didn't want to leave their job because they didn't think -- you know, they were working that thing. You got to love what you do. You're not going to be good at it -- you got to love -- and now you're going to have choice because there are a lot of jobs.

We have a lot of job openings. And people that weren't hiring for years and years and years -- all of the sudden, we have jobs.

And, you know, one of the folks that my people were so impressed with is -- on my left is Sharlene. And I'd like to ask some of the people up here to just talk a little bit about what the tax cuts have meant because the tax cuts have helped so many people in such a big way.

And, Sharlene, do you think I could start by maybe asking you to say a few words?

Thank you. Thank you. Go ahead.

Thank you.

Good.

Thank you.

That's great.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.  Thank you.

Hi. Kevin, would you like to say something?

Good. Good.  Thank you, Kevin. Thank you.

Thank you. I've been hearing that from steel companies, and in particular from U.S. Steel, where I was with the president, as I said. And he -- they're just talking about opening plants now and so many things have changed.

And that's because of our stance, and also on the tariffs -- the 25 percent tariffs on steel, 10 percent on aluminum.

Plus, it gives us the -- right now, other countries want to negotiate with us because of it. And you're seeing things happening.

Again, we're going to take care of our people. We've been taking care of a lot of the world, and they never appreciated it. A lot of this world never appreciated what we do. We fight wars for them and we fight all sorts of things, and then they take advantage of us on trade, on top of everything else.

So we're going to keep a lot of friends, but they're going to respect us again, and they've started to respect us again, and that makes me feel very good. So thank you, Kevin.

Thank you.

Whoa, wow.

That's great.

Thank you.

Great. That's great.

That's great. Thank you. Great.

Right.

Good. Great.

Great.

That's great.

That's great. Thank you, Sherry. That's beautiful. Thank you.

Say hello to that gentleman. Thank you.

Great. Thank you, Sherry.

Oh, thank you very much. That's great.  Thank you, Sherry. Please.

Yes, thank you. Thank you. So nice.

Thank you. That's so nice. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very much. That's great.

You know, you mention Obamacare; it's been a disaster. And we are -- we actually had it beaten except for one vote. You remember that beautiful night. It was defeated, but one vote changed. They changed.

But one of those things. But we've actually done a great job because in the tax cut plan, we got rid of the individual mandate, which is the most unpopular part.

And now we're going to be doing other things, like association health insurance, and we have our great Secretary of Labor, who is in charge of that. And I guess, over the next few weeks, we're going to have a very, very big announcement on healthcare. We have a few of them because Alex Azar also is going to be making a big statement.

So by the time we do these various plans that we're doing -- and they're fantastic for people, and they cost the government relatively little. And maybe I could ask Alex Acosta to say a few words about it. Secretary of Labor.

Thank you very much, Alex. Great.

I think maybe I'm going to ask Jim. You know, Jim Renacci has been really terrific. He's represented Ohio for a long time. He had a successful -- he's a very successful businessman. And he's now, as you know, running for the Senate against Sherrod Brown, who does not think the way we think.

And when it comes to borders, when it comes to so much -- and remember, it's also the vote because they're going to vote as a bloc.

And the Democrats are very weak on borders, very weak on healthcare. The healthcare that they had is a disaster, and it's coming to an end. Very weak on -- you look at the borders; they don't want the wall. Even if we have to think about closing up the country for a while, we're going to get the wall.

We have no choice. We have absolutely no choice, and we're going to get tremendous security in our country.

But Jim has been there all the way. He's highly respected in Washington, just a respected person. Really knows what it is to go out and make a dollar, go out and spend a dollar. Understands business, understands what we're doing in the country, and understands what it takes to make America great again.

And I give Jim my full support. And, Jim, maybe you could say a few words.

It's true.

And I have to say. I just looked at the numbers, and Jim is really doing great. He's really got a big shot at doing it. He's been -- as I said, he's been a fantastic congressman, and I really suspect you're going to be an even more fantastic senator.

So we need your vote; we need your help. So go out and help Jim. We'll get it done. Right?  Thank you.

Tony, would you say a few words?

Not at all. Not at all.

He's here?

Good. Good.

Great.

That's great. Great.

Good.

Good. That's good. That's good.  And Todd -- and I'll bet he's very easy to work with. Right, Todd?

Thank you, Tony. Thank you, Tony.

And Tony, you know, you have to remember that these large companies that you keep hearing about -- this is, sort of -- you know, plays into a certain narrative, but most of these companies are owned by millions of shareholders, and they're the beneficiaries. Those are the people out there. So whether it's a large company and they have a million or two million shareholders -- and those are the people that are getting that dividend, or they're getting the benefit of a stock increase. It's because you look at the stock prices; they're at all-time highs.

But when you hear the word, the large companies, most of them are owned by millions of people, so everybody is benefitting. So you got to put that down and you have to remember that. Very important. Tony, thank you very much.

Great job.

Thank you, Tony. That's beautiful.  Good job. Good job.

Thank you, Tony. Appreciate it. Appreciate it.

Please.

Thank you. That's great. Thank you.  Thank you very much. That's beautiful.

And that is beautifully stated, too. Thank you very much. Please.

That's so great. Thank you very much. Thank you.  Kate, did you want to say something?

That's fantastic.

Well, these are stories that you're hearing all across America. And there's just nothing negative to say. They're incredible people. They're savers; they're workers.

They're proud to pay tax. They're proud. They love to pay. They know what's happening.

But now we're spending the money wisely also. You know, you have to spend it wisely at the top.

But our country is doing great. It's, I think, maybe doing as good or better than it's ever done before, and it's only going to get better. We have tremendous things planned, and we're going to start being smart about our relationship with other countries and others. And you're going to see tremendous progress over the next hopefully seven years, but it's not even going to take seven years.

It's going to go very quickly. It's going to happen, really, very quickly.

We all love this country. We love it a lot. Those were incredible stories. I really -- I think it's just amazing to hear. We could take almost everybody in the room -- probably everybody in the room -- and hear a similar story.

But I'm very honored to have been able to do the tax cut plan because it has led to a lot of jobs. It had led to better jobs. It has led to increased salary, but also -- not only the increase in the salary, but you have a lot left over, which is money that most people, even -- the people up here certainly, but probably most of the people in the audience didn't expect to see or have. And it's made a big difference in a lot of lives.

We do a lot of these and we meet a lot of people. It's made a tremendous difference. And I am so honored to have been able to help, and we're going to do a lot more over the coming years. So again, thank you all for being here.

Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you. That's very nice.

I really appreciate it. And you are special, special people. And enjoy your lives; we're going to make your lives a lot better. Every single year, they're going to get better and better.

And it's an honor to be with the people of Ohio. Thank you very much. Thank you.