Right. It's true.

Well, thank you very much, Brock. I want to just commend you on the job you're doing. We just left Florida, and they are so thrilled with what's happened with our people, our talent. But they're not thrilled about this hurricane, because this was brutal.

They haven't seen anything like it. And possibly, there's hasn't been anything like it. The winds are almost 200 miles an hour. Just wiped houses away. The foundations -- everything gone. So we saw some areas that were hard to believe, actually. Actually hard to believe.

But the people are incredible in Florida, in Georgia, in Alabama. And, you know, North Carolina and South Carolina went through a lot two weeks ago, and they got a little bit of the remnants of this one too, on top of it. So, incredible people.

But I want to thank FEMA. First responders, the law enforcement has been so incredible. Secretary Nielsen, you worked so hard. I don't think -- have you gone to sleep in the last two weeks? I don't think so.  But your whole team has been fantastic. And, Governor, I'd like to thank you on behalf of the country.

What a job you've done in Georgia. And I have to say Rick Scott in Florida, likewise. The two of you have really done something.

And I just spoke to the great Governor of Alabama, and she is in there -- she is in there fighting and also doing. We have terrific people running these states. And I want to thank you very much -- really, very much.

And, Brock, please say compliments to everybody, from myself, the First Lady, Secretary Perdue -- who used to be the Governor of Georgia, as we said. But you have been very special. You know more about agriculture than any human being that I've ever spoken to.

And he doesn't like it when the hurricanes wipe out the crops. They just wiped them out. That doesn't make you feel too good; we were talking about it. He doesn't like to see that. But Sonny Perdue has been an incredible Secretary of Agriculture. And, Sonny, how about saying a little bit?

Well, let me ask you this, Sonny and Commissioner: When Brock says "generational" damage, I don't like the sound of "generational" damage. What does that mean? And how long does that take to get back?

That's a long time.

Good. Very good. Please.

Thank you.

No doubt about it.

I look forward to that. I look forward to seeing some of the farmers. They're great people. And we will do it. And that is true: Jimmy Carter, peanut farmer, and a nice man. He is a nice man. Met him on numerous occasions. And if you think about it, that's what he did, right? Peanuts. So it's great. Do you have any questions, please?

Good job. I heard -- good job.

Thank you very much. And power is coming back pretty quickly, right?

I'm not surprised. I know your company well. I'm not surprised. Any questions, please?

No, I'm not hearing that. They were under repair. Many of the aircraft were flown out prior to the hurricane, but some of them can't because the engines are taken out and they're doing a lot of heavy repairing work. We're going to have a full report. There was some damage. Not nearly as bad as we first heard.

I'm always concerned about cost. I don't like it. In fact, my first question is, "Why didn't they take them out?" That's because they were fixing.

You know, this hurricane happened very quickly. In fact, it was a storm. Nobody thought it was a big deal, and then all of a sudden, it started and then became a Category 4. It happened very quickly.

No, we think it's much better than we originally thought, but there was some damage, no question about it. And the F-22 is one of my all-time favorite planes. To me, it's the most beautiful fighter jet in the world, and one of the best. Yes, sir.

Yeah.

The governors know that we're there for them. I've spoken with Rick Scott in Florida. Governor, you know that. We're right with you. And we'll be helping Alabama, we'll be helping all of the -- as we have been with North Carolina and South Carolina. So, we're there.

I always worry about the deficit. But what are you going to do? You have a hurricane. I have to take care of the people. So the deficit is always a problem for me, but we take care of our people, most importantly.

I think, Governor, did you want to make a comment on that? Do you have any ideas yet? It' very early.

Well, the weather has been a factor. And yet, they say the worst hurricanes were 50 years ago, if you can believe it. In fact, the one that they say was worse -- so two or three worse -- one was in 1890s, and one was exactly 50 years ago. The winds were 200 miles an hour. So who knows? But that's what the -- that's what the numbers are.

We are --

I did. I addressed it last night on "60 Minutes."

Well, we have a big number. And, you know, for a long period of time, we had very few. I have a home in Palm Beach, Florida; I'm there a lot. And frankly, we had years where we had none, and then over the last couple of years we had more. And hopefully, we'll go back to many years where we have none. But we have been hit by the weather, there's no question about it.

But it is interesting that the worst of all time, 1890 -- and, as you know, 50 years ago was the last really great one. That was supposed to be worse. I don't know if it gets worse. I've never seen anything where houses were ripped off with the foundations. You see, the foundations are actually taken out.

So it's really -- it's pretty amazing. But we have to get it taken care of, most importantly. Anybody else?

No, there's something there. There's no question. There is something there -- manmade or not. I mean, there's something there. And it's going to go, and it's going to go back and forth. But there is something there.

But again, 50 years ago, it was brutal. The 1890s were brutal. You have different times. And the main thing is we have to make sure things get brought back to perfect condition. That's what we're doing.

We have tremendous support from the farmers. The farmers really got hurt, especially in Georgia. I mean, Florida was housing and other things. And over here, your farmers we really -- those crops were really uprooted. But we're going to get it taken care of.

I'll have to look at it. I haven't seen that. But I would certainly have to look at it.

No, I want crystal clean water. I want the cleanest air on the planet -- which, by the way, now we have. It's gotten better since last year -- even better. And I'm very, very tough on that.

So when you talk about environmental, I am truly an environmentalist. A lot people smile when they hear that. But I have the cleanest air, and I'm going to have the cleanest air. But that doesn't mean we have to put every one of our businesses out of business. That doesn't mean that we can't compete or we're not allowed to compete with other nations that aren't doing what we're doing.

And we're competing very well. Our nation is the hottest nation economically on the planet, by far, even though we're very big. I mean, we're up $10.7 -- $11.7 trillion, since I got elected. Nobody thought that would be possible. And other nations -- as an example, China -- not that I wish this, but they're down many trillions of dollars.

So we're doing really well, and I want to keep it that way. Yes, please.

I just saw that, Steve. I just don't know. I'm going to have to see what they say. And we're working very closely with Saudi Arabia and with Turkey, and they are working together to figure out what happened. And they want to know what happened, also. So a lot of people are working on it, Steve. A lot of people.

And we'll be bound very much by that. We'll see. I heard that report but nobody knows if it's an official report. So far, it's just the rumor -- the rumor of a report coming out. Yes, ma'am.

Well, I'm really sending him just to find out really, firsthand, what happened, what they know, what's going on. He may go to Turkey; he may not.

He may meet with all of them together, but we want to find out what happened. And he's got instructions to find out what happened. We're talking about the whole the situation with Saudi Arabia that you've been reading about, I'm sure, very much. But it's a terrible situation, there's no question about it. I don't like it one bit.

Okay? Yes.

He's going to make that decision. We're going to see who's going. He's got a while to go. You know, it's Friday. He has to know by the end of Friday. And we'll make that decision. We haven't made a decision about going yet. But he's going to make that decision sometime prior to Friday.

How much? One one-thousandth?

No, I don't. Absolutely. Do I owe her? She owes the country an apology. What's her percentage? One one-thousandth?

When you have the percentage, tell me what the percentage is.

You mean if she gets the nomination, in a debate, where I was going to have her tested? I'll only do it if I can test her personally. Okay? That will not be something I enjoy doing either. Okay, what else?

I didn't consider anything. I'm considering changing the immigration laws, and I've been doing it for a while. Because we have the worst -- as the Governor can tell you, as everybody can tell you, as Sonny can tell you from your time as governor -- we have the worst immigration laws and dumbest immigration laws in the history of the world.

Okay? There is no country in the world that has such stupid laws as we do.

Somebody comes into our country, they put one foot on our land, and we have to bring them through a long court process. Or we have catch and release, which is even worse. We catch them, Commissioner -- we catch them, we find out they're a criminal, we write them up, and then we release them and we tell them to come back in three or four years for a court case, and they never show up.

We have the dumbest laws in history, and it's because of the Democrats. Because they want to have these laws that way. And it is so crazy, and we are getting them changed one by one. And we are very tough on the border, and we have to be very tough on the border.

So we're looking at all immigration laws. They are a disaster. They're a laughingstock all over the world. And this country will never be a laughingstock when I'm running it. We've made a lot of progress, too. Thank you all very much. Thank you.