Well, thank you very much, everybody. This has been a long journey. But for Andrew, it's been a very interesting day. Because as you probably heard, I said a little bit earlier, from a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours. That's not bad.  Actually --

And I want to start by saying that Norine was unbelievable. She was calling and calling. She definitely loves you -- let me put it that way.  But she was calling and she wanted you out.

And she was not playing games. Right? And we're very proud of you, Norine. Thank you very much. And you are very, very special to all of us. And, you know, we have some of our great leaders right here. You know James. You know Cindy. You know Richard. You know Thom. You know Patrick. You know Mark. And all of these people, and right back here. A whole group of people. They fought so hard for you. They wanted you out.

And again, we've been negotiating long and hard. We do not pay ransom in this country, at least any longer. We won't pay ransom. Otherwise you have big problems, and lots of things will happen. Lots of bad things will happen.

But I still -- I want to thank President Erdogan. We've been dealing. And we actually -- until this, we had a very good relationship. I was actually very surprised that we didn't work this out a couple of months ago. But it started in a different administration, and they were not going to work out anything. And we took it over, we inherited it. And we have, I think at this moment, gotten 19 different people out of various countries that were being held.

Chairman Kim was really great to us. I think that started the relationship that we have now in North Korea, with three hostages, as you know. Egypt -- we had Aya. Aya was, they said, a spy. She was sentenced to 25 years. They told President Obama, "We will not let her out under any circumstances." And they told me, "She'll be in the Oval Office in 24 hours." We all know that. You guys worked on that one too. And many others. Many others.

So I just want to congratulate you, because you have galvanized this country. I mean, you just take a look this -- there's so much interest. And it's your faith, it's your strength, what you've gone through. I know what you've gone through. And I also know that, a period of time ago, we were able to get you from prison to the house.

And again, I do have to say, it's not an easy situation for Turkey either. They had a lot of difficult situations going on, and I do want to thank President Erdogan for making this possible. You understand what I mean by that.

It wasn't easy. And wasn't easy for him. Most importantly, I want to congratulate you and your family. I'd love to -- say a few words. You may want to thank all of these great leaders, because they were really calling me a lot.  They called me too much. I said, "Okay, I know, we're working on it." Right? But they are terrific fans of yours. And right now, the whole world is a fan of yours. The whole world is your fan and your family's fan.

So maybe you can say a few words. Introduce your family. And it's a great honor to have you back home.

Thank you very much.

That's for sure.

And I do have to say we did leave out many people in the Senate, many people in the House. You know that, Patrick. Many people have been left out. And we just can't go through all of the names, but it was everybody that wanted this to happen. It was really everybody. The complete Senate. I think we can probably say, Richard, this was bipartisan. Do you agree?

This wasn't just Republican, right? But honestly, I think if there was ever a bipartisan event, this was it. And I do have to thank Vice President Pence. He's doing a terrific job. He felt very, very strongly about this. And Secretary of State Pompeo, I would say we spoke about this at least once a day.

We thought we had it done two months ago. Sometimes it doesn't always work out, but that's -- I can only tell you that's better than anybody else could have done. And we are so honored to have you.

And anything final you'd like to say? And then you're going to go and relax and go home, and celebrate, and have a great life, right? I won't ask you whether or not you're going back to Turkey.  I won't ask that question.

Great. That's very nice.

That's very nice.

That's very nice. And I know you do love the Turkish people. They're great people. I know that. They're great people.

Thank you. Well, I need it probably more than anybody in this room.  So I would -- that would be very nice. Thank you.

Yes. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Could I ask you one question? Who did you vote for?

I knew the answer. I knew the answer.

It's a little unfair. I knew the answer. I would never do that to myself. That could be too tough. Listen, congratulations.

Thank you. Great parents. And fantastic children. They were so with you.

And it is an honor. Well done.

Thank you very much. We appreciate. Thank you. And again, to President Erdogan, thank you very much. To the people of Turkey, thank you very much. I think this will be a big step in our relationship. We have had a very harsh relationship over the past number of months because of what was happening. And I'm not going to blame fault.

I'm not going to say anything. I'm just saying this is a tremendous step toward having the kind of relationship with Turkey -- which can be a great relationship -- that I know we're going to have.

So thank you very much. And, President, thank you very much. Does anybody have any questions? Would you like to have --

Phil?

The timing is a strict coincidence; it really is. It's -- I've heard a couple of people say, wow, that's pretty tricky; could there be anything to it. No. Actually, Phil, no. It's a total coincidence. It's interesting. A lot of things happening in a certain part of the world. You know that. You know what else is going on. But there are probably things beyond that. But, no, it's a strict coincidence, Phil.

I have a feeling know what it's going to be.

That's right.

Well, we'll be sitting together with all of the folks here, and a lot more. And we'll have to make a determination. I do think this: That I worked very hard to get the order for the military. It's $110 billion. I believe it's the largest order ever made. It's 450,000 jobs. It's the best equipment in the world. But if they don't buy it from us, they're going to buy it from Russia or they're going to buy it from China, or they're going to buy it from other countries.

But Russia and China wanted it very badly. I got 100 percent -- almost 100 percent of their order. And I would -- from the standpoint of jobs, economic development, a lot of other reasons, I would like to do something where we could maybe look at other things -- I will tell the senators -- because that's a tremendous order for our companies. It's a tremendous order for -- really, from an economic development standpoint. You look at -- Texas has a big chunk of it. Almost all of our states are involved in that order.

So I actually think we'd be punishing ourselves if we did that. There are other things we can do that are very, very powerful, very strong. And we'll do that. Now, as of this moment, nobody knows what happened. As of this moment. We're looking into it very seriously. Turkey is looking into it at a very high level -- at the highest level. And so is Saudi Arabia. I mean, they're going to get back, and they have been getting back. And I know Mike has been dealing with them. John has been dealing with them.

But in terms of the order of $110 billion -- think of that -- $110 billion -- all they're going to do is give it to other countries. And I think that would be very foolish for our country. But there are other things we can do that will be very severe.

Well, there are many things we can do. Would you like to speak up about that? James, do you have any suggestions? There are many, many things. I don't know if you want to -- you know, I don't want to put you on the spot, but if you guys would like to tell them some of the many things we can do. There's a big list.

That's a very good idea.

Yes, I would. In fact, we've invited his fiancée. We've invited her. So -- she actually wrote a letter to myself and the First Lady. And -- beautiful letter. And we have invited her, and I believe they're working it out, where she'll be coming. I mean, I'd love to have her. Great news, where it wouldn't even be necessary.

But at this point, it's looking like -- it's looking like he perhaps won't be or isn't around. And that's very sad. I think we would have known by now. That was our first hope; our first hope was that he was not killed. But maybe that's not looking -- it's not looking too good, right? From what we're hearing.

But there's a lot to learn. There really is. Okay?

We're working -- as you speak, we are working on that. And, by the way, other people that are in prisons in other countries, other than Turkey -- we have other people that have been there for many years. We've done very well. We actually have at least 18. And the 18 were people that they said would never, ever be freed. And, by the way, Pastor Brunson was one of them. We were talking before. How many years was it? You can say the number you told me. It's a very scary number.

They wanted him in jail for 35 years.

So, you know, we have many people throughout the world, in other countries, and we are working very hard. This group -- all of this group -- we're working very hard to take care of that situation.

We're going to just see what happened. We have to see what happened. As James said, it's really best to -- let's determine what happened first. There's plenty of things we can do that are very tough. Let's see what happened first.

I have not. Have you seen the video?

I mean, I've heard -- we've all heard a lot about the audio. Nobody has seen it yet. So we do want to see it. I guess it's a combination of seeing it and hearing it. And maybe a lot can be --

Yes, we're going to be seeing it very soon.

No, I haven't. I haven't spoken.

I mean, I've spoken to him many times about this, but I haven't called him yet. I will be. I will be. And I will be also calling King Salman of Saudi Arabia, because I think it's appropriate for me to ask him what is going on.

Probably tonight or tomorrow.

Go ahead.

And I have to say, with respect to Turkey or Saudi Arabia, when you look at what's going on in Iran and other places, it's really bad. It is really bad. There are a lot of bad things going on in that part of the world. And frankly, in other parts of the world also.

Any other questions?

Well, they're tending not to take them --

They are tending not to take them out of our administration. And that's good. I like that. And I think I could tell you why, but I won't. But they tend not to take them out of our administration. And you know what? It's going to stay that way, okay?

What?

I did.

I thought she was fantastic. I thought the First Lady was fantastic last night. I hope I do as well on "60 Minutes" tomorrow night.  I doubt I will, but that's okay.

What do you think about that?

Well, we were very tough on Turkey, and we'll take a look. There was absolutely no deal made. Frankly, the only deal, if you can call it a deal, is a psychological one. We feel much different about Turkey today than we did yesterday. And I think we have a chance of really becoming much closer to Turkey, and maybe even having a very, very good relationship. We know the people. And as the Pastor said, these are incredible people. The people of Turkey are incredible people. And I think we have a chance now to really have a great relationship with Turkey. I hope that happens. Okay?

Thank you. Richard, do you have anything to say? I'd like to maybe -- you and Thom, you worked so hard. Richard Burr?

That's right. Thom?

In fact, doesn't speak good English anymore.  He forgot English. You spent a lot of time over there. Fantastic.

Great job. Patrick?

Thank you, Patrick. That's very nice. Mark?

Thank you, Mark, very much. Appreciate it. James? Please. Oh, yes, go ahead.

You know what? Before James goes -- and you know how James has fought for you -- I'd like you maybe to say something on behalf of your husband and how great he -- the bravery that he showed. Because you know exactly what was going on. You saw it better than anybody.

Thank you for your bravery and everything else. How about you?

I appreciate it. Thank you very much.

She was.

She's become very famous.  Go ahead.

Well, you've got great parents. And it's terrific. It's our honor. And, James, maybe we'll close it out with you? I'll just say, on behalf of the Vice President, we are so happy, so thrilled. James Lankford, go ahead, please.

Thank you, James. Thank you.