Thank you very much everyone. We have with us the biggest steel companies in the United States. They used to be a lot bigger, but they're going to be a lot bigger again.

And we have the big aluminum companies in the United States. And they've been very unfairly treated by bad policy, by bad trade deals, by other countries. They've been horribly treated by other countries, and they have not been properly represented. More importantly, because of that, workers in our country have not been properly represented.

So we're going to build our steel industry back and we're going to build our aluminum industry back. And I just want you to hear from a couple of the folks in the room. We'll have a few speak.

But I might want to start with Dave Burritt from U.S. Steel. It was a massive company years ago, and got smaller and smaller and smaller. And Dave was with Caterpillar for 35 years --

Thirty-three years. And did a great job. They brought him in. He's been there for a short while, and he wants to build it back up. Dave, maybe you could say a little bit to the room and to the press about U.S. Steel and where they were, where they're going, and what you think of what we're going to do.

Thank you.

And for your company and for your workers and for so much else, even the security of our own nation.

You like the tariffs that we're talking about. You like the tariffs where they won't be dumping on our country. What they do is they dump massive amounts of product on our country, and it just kills -- it destroys our companies and our jobs. And it's been happening for so many years, and we are not the beneficiary. You feel tariffs are the answer?

People have no idea how badly our country has been treated by other countries, by people representing us that didn't have a clue. Or if they did, then they should be ashamed of themselves because they've destroyed the steel industry, they've destroyed the aluminum industry, and other industries, frankly, when you look at all the plants, the car plants, automobile plants that moved down to Mexico for no reason whatsoever, except we didn't know what we were doing. So we're bringing it all back. John, could I ask you to say a few words?

Thank you.

Well, you know, I tell the story that, a couple of months ago, we put tariffs on washing machines coming into the country, because they were dumping the machines all over the place and we had lost our manufacturing abilities for washing machines. Now we have plants being built; put a 30 percent tariff on. And we have plants being built, and nobody has seen that in many, many years, and it's happening at a rapid pace.

Same thing with the solar panels. We had 32 companies, of which 30 of them were out of business, they were closed. And the two were on mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. They were finished. They would have closed pretty quickly.

And now, the two are doing much better and they're talking about opening seven or eight of the old plants that were closed. And they weren't even so old -- the solar panels.

So, a lot of good things could happen. The fact is, we weren't treated, and we haven't been treated fairly by other countries. But I don't blame the other countries. When I was in China, I said, "Listen

I said, "I don't blame you."" If you're able to get away with making almost $500 billion a year off of our country

So we're bringing it back, and we're going to bring it back relatively rapidly, and we're going to be instituting tariffs. Next week, we'll be signing -- perhaps some of you folks will be here. When you have Nucor, when you have U.S. Steel, you have the great aluminum companies represented at this table. And they've been decimated. Aluminum has been decimated in the country.

Perhaps you would say something, as a great aluminum company that's been in business for a long time. How about --

-- a few words on aluminum?

Okay. We're going to take care of the situation, okay? So steel and aluminum will see a lot of good things happen. We're going to have new jobs popping up. We're going to have much more vibrant companies. And then the rest is going to be up to management to make them truly great. If you could ever make U.S. Steel like it used to be, we'd be very happy. And I actually think it's possible. But you have a long way to go.

I remember when I was growing up, U.S. Steel, that was the ultimate company. And today, you have so many closed plants. And the NAFTA deal was a disaster for our country. The WTO has been a disaster for this country, for our country.

In fact, the rise of China, economically, was -- if you look at it -- directly equal to the date of the opening of the World Trade Organization. It has been great for China and terrible for the United States, and great for other countries. But terrible for the United States.

So we're talking about it, and two of the groups that I want to do some very fast action will probably have everything completed by next week. We'll be imposing tariffs on steel imports, and tariffs on aluminum imports. And you're going to see a lot of good things happen. You're going to see expansions of the companies. I know that, David, you said you'd be expanding. Tim, I know you said you were expanding.

You're all -- pretty much all of you will immediately be expanding if we give you that level playing field, if we give you that help. And you're going to hire more workers, and your workers are going to be very happy. They're going to be very, very happy.

And again, what's been allowed to go on for decades is disgraceful. It's disgraceful. And when it comes to a time when our country can't make aluminum and steel -- and somebody said it before, and I will tell you, you almost don't have much of a country. Because without steel and aluminum, your country is not the same. And we need it.

We need it even for defense, if you think. I mean, we need it for defense. We need great steelmakers, great aluminum makers for defense.

So we'll probably see you sometime next week. We'll be signing it in. And you will have protection for the first time in a long while, and you're going to regrow your industries. That's all I'm asking. You have to regrow your industries. Mr. Secretary, thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. Mr. Secretary, thank you very much. And we'll see you next week. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.

Unlimited period. Unlimited.

Twenty-five percent for steel. It will be 10 percent for aluminum. And it will be for a long period of time.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Twenty-five for steel and ten for aluminum.

It's being written now.