I know you've been waiting for this for a long time, you folks. Right? For a long time. Hi, Shelley. Hi, everybody. They've been working on this for years and years and years. And I guess certain entertainers have been taken advantage of -- but no longer, because of Trump. Can you believe it?  Who would think? Who would think?

But I'm thrilled -- I know so many of you. I mean, it's just great. And I definitely know your music, and you've done a great job.

I'm thrilled to welcome all of you to the White House today and the signing of the Hatch--Goodlatte -- you know Hatch and you know Goodlatte, don't you? Terrific guys. I didn't know you liked music that much, Orrin.  Huh? The Hatch-Goodlatte Music Modernization Act. This is a landmark bill -- they've been looking for it for many, many years -- to protect the intellectual property and creative genius of America's incredible musicians.

Thank you to Secretary Wilbur Ross for being here and for working so hard to get this done. I especially want to thank one of the bill's lead sponsors, an accomplished musician and songwriter in his own right -- which I heard, but I haven't heard his music. I'll let you know when I hear his music.  The legendary Senator Orrin Hatch. It's been 44 years. How long have you been in the Senate?

Forty-two. Oh, I thought it was forty-four. Forty-two is nothing. That's pretty good.

Feels like 44. And he's been my friend, and he's been a great, great senator. I also want to thank another friend of mine, Bob Goodlatte, for his tremendous leadership at the helm of the House Judiciary Committee. Very instrumental on this.

Let me also recognize and thank Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley. Everybody knows Chuck now. He's become more famous in the last two weeks. What a job you did. Was that easy, Chuck, or tough?

I thought you were going to say that. You made it look easier than it was. Chuck is an incredible man. As well as Senators Lamar Alexander, Shelley Moore Capito, Chris Coons, Sheldon Whitehouse, and Congressmen Darrell Issa, Doug Collins, and -- Jerry Nadler was going to be here but he couldn't make it. I don't know what happened to him. I'm shocked. I'm shocked.

We're also joined by truly amazing artists and people I've known for a long time -- people everyone knows -- including Kid Rock . Kid, thank you. Great job. Do you like this legislation or do you hate it?

He's been fighting for a long time.

I want to welcome Christian rock group MercyMe. Also joining me is -- gee, so many of these people, I've been with them -- are famed guitarist from the Doobie Brothers and Steely Dan, Jeff Baxter. Jeff, thank you very much. Mike Love, I've heard him many times. Many times. He's -- The Beach Boys. Where is Mike? Mike -- come here, Mike. Boy, that's something, huh? You like this, right?

Good. Mike Love. Been a friend of mine. The Beach Boys are -- look, what can you say about The Beach Boys? Great music.

We have some great country artists with us, including Craig Morgan and my good friend John Rich of Big and Rich. He happened to win "The Apprentice," but we won't even get into that.  I know him better than anybody. I'm the one -- week after week, it was "John Rich, you're going to make it." I said "you're fired" to everybody but John Rich, right? Huh?

Great job. Great guy. Really good guy. And good under -- he's good under pressure, which is very nice.

We also have Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Sam Moore, who is having a big birthday. Sam and Dave. But having a big birthday today. Today is your birthday?

Eighty-three?

My golf game? He looks good.  Eighty-three. That means there's a future for us.  That's great, Sam. Great to have you here.

The legislation has wide support throughout the music industry, and I am very pleased that so many industry leaders, also over here -- I won't call all the names, but some real leaders of industry are here with us for the enactment of this critical legislation.

I see Neil Portnow, who, in the world of music, is big stuff. He's the President and CEO of the Recording Academy, also known as the Grammys. Where is he? Thank you. Very good. Thank you for being here. I appreciate it very much. Thank you very much, Neil.

The Music Modernization Act closes loopholes in our digital royalty laws to ensure that songwriters, artists, producers, and providers receive fair payment for the licensing of music. I've been reading about this for many years. Never thought I'd be involved in it, but I got involved in it. They were treated very unfairly. They're not going to be treated unfairly anymore.

Streaming has made music more accessible than ever, yet our laws have not kept up with the pace of technology. As such, artists of all varieties and all career stages are losing out on revenue that they have rightly earned. And I guess especially from four or five, six years ago, and beyond.

This legislation will help ensure that artists from eras long ago, in addition to modern day, can retire in security, and that current and upcoming artists can make a living by creating amazing works that captivate their fans and entertain our nation -- and the world. Because this is really the world we're talking about.

This legislation creates a single licensing system for reasons of simplicity, for digital music providers, so that music is more quickly licensed and paid for. Ensures that American songwriters receive fair market value when their songs are streamed or purchased online. Sets a standard licensing rate for digital performances.

Why aren't some of you guys performing for us today free?  We should have done that, senators. I'll tell you. We should have gotten some -- Shelley, we should have gotten a little free music out of this.  They could have -- they could give us a great concert, this group.

Sets a standard licensing rate for digital performance and recordings, and applies that very same standard to music recorded before 1972. And creates a procedure for producers, engineers, and other participants in the recording and music industry to collect performance royalties.

This legislation passed both houses of Congress unanimously. How did you do that?  See? Bipartisan. Second one. We just did the Clean Oceans Act with Dan Sullivan and -- he's around. Dan? And with Sheldon Whitehouse. We just signed that. And that was -- I think we had one negative vote, didn't you? Did we have one?

Unanimous. So we just did two unanimous bills. Who says we can't pass unanimous? Who said we don't have bipartisan? It is bipartisan. But this legislation passed both houses unanimously.

Fair payment for intellectual property is essential to maintain America's longstanding position as the world leader in music and entertainment. And when they say "world leader," it's world leader, by far. It's not even close.

This legislation accomplishes that goal by updating our licensing laws to reflect the significant growth in streaming and digital music.

Today, we build on America's rich cultural and musical legacy, which brings joy and meaning to countless millions and millions and millions of Americans, and beyond, frankly. And beyond.

So with that, I'm pleased to sign the Hatch-Goodlatte Music Modernization Act. It's my honor. Hearing about it for so many years, and we're finally getting it done. And these people are going to become even richer than they are, but that's okay.  Because they really were -- they were treated very unfairly. A lot of people got nothing. They'd do an incredible song and they'd end up getting nothing. They'd create some of the most incredible music, some great music, and they would not be able to benefit. And that sounded -- always sounded very unfair. And that's why you had a unanimous consent.

So thank you all for being here. It's an honor. And I'll go and sign the paper, and then you go on and do what you have to do. And, Kid, thank you very much, man. It's great.

Got it. We're done.

How about if I asked Bob Goodlatte and Orrin Hatch to say a couple of words. Do you mind? And what this means. And I'm also going to hand out the pen. Who should get the first pen?

Okay, let's give it to Sam.

Sam, say a couple of words. Go ahead. You want to speak?

Mike Love.

It's true.

Right.

Thank you very much.

Darrell is a good man.

Thank you very much.

This could be good.

Thank you.

Thank you, Kid.

That's right. That's right.

Please.

Great job.

Lamar, do you want to say something?

Thank you very much.