Thank you very much. This was set up quite a long time ago. And while this is a very interesting day we have going, this was very important to Sylvester Stallone -- my friend for a long time, Sly -- and the whole group.

We have incredible people here. We have the current heavyweight champion of the world, Deontay Wilder. He's 40 and 0. This gentleman right here. He's 40 and 0, with 39 knockouts.

And we have Lennox Lewis, who, as you know, is one of the greatest heavyweight champions of all time. Unbelievable heart, and, in all fairness, unbelievable talent. He was a talented, talented fighter. A great and talented fighter.

Thank you very much. And, Deontay, thank you.

So, Lennox, if I really went and started working out, could I take Deontay in a fight?  Please tell me. This is 40 and 0, 39 knockouts. Could I take him in a fight if I really went to work?

I get it. They're long arms.

And we also have Linda Bell Haywood, the maternal great-great niece of Jack Johnson. Now, we all sort of have heard of Jack Johnson -- had a very tough life, and an interesting life. One of the greatest fighters -- Lennox was just telling me -- one of the greatest fighters ever of the early 1900s.

Today, as President, I've issued an executive grant of clemency, a full pardon, posthumously, to John Arthur Jack Johnson -- he was known as Jack Johnson -- the first African American heavyweight champion of the world. A truly great fighter. Had a tough life.

They say he violated the Mann Act, and he had a conviction that occurred during a period of tremendous racial tension in the United States, more than a century ago. Johnson served 10 months in federal prison for what many view as a racially motivated injustice. He was treated very rough, very tough.

Born in 1878, in Galveston, Texas, to former slaves, Johnson overcame difficult circumstances to reach the heights of boxing. One of the greatest that ever lived. And both Deontay and Lennox were telling me they studied those tapes. I don't know, I think you would have been okay. I don't know. I think Lennox would have been okay, too.

But truly one of the greatest that ever lived. And he overcame these difficult circumstances to reach the heights of boxing in the boxing world, and inspired generations with his tenacity and a very independent spirit.

Congress has supported numerous resolutions calling for Johnson's pardon. Went through Congress numerous times. No President ever signed it, surprisingly. They thought it was going to be signed in the last administration and that didn't happen. So that was very disappointing for a lot of people.

These resolutions enjoyed widespread bipartisan support, including from the Congressional Black Caucus. The Black Caucus supported it very, very powerfully, very strongly, but they couldn't get the President to sign it. One of these resolutions passed Congress as recently as 2015.

Jack Johnson was the first black heavyweight champion. And he was the heavyweight champion for many years. He was pretty much unbeatable.

In light of these facts, and in recognition of his historical athletic achievements and the contributions to society -- he really represented something that was both very beautiful and very terrible at the same time -- I believe that Jack Johnson is a very worthy person to receive a full pardon and, in this case, a posthumous pardon.

So I am taking this very righteous step, I believe, to correct a wrong that occurred in our history, and to honor a truly legendary boxing champion, legendary athlete, and a person that, when people got to know him, they really liked him and they really thought he was treated unfairly as a human being and unfairly as a champion.

So I'm going to be signing that. Don, if you bring that up. And then if you'd like to ask a couple of questions to the folks, I think that Mauricio Sulaiman -- we have José Sulaiman, a name I've heard probably more than I've heard any boxer's name.

He's a big power in the world of boxing, and somehow your name is mentioned at every major match, and Mauricio Sulaiman. And I think, in this case, Mauricio is going to say a few words. But let me sign this first so we get it done.

And congratulations, because I know you all fought very hard to have this taken care of. I know Lennox, and Sly, and my friend, Keith -- where's Keith? And my friend, Keith, who is a very successful guy. And the champ. You all fought very, very hard to get this done. So it's my honor to do it. It's about time.  How's that for an autograph? Okay

That is my great honor. And I think what we'll do is we'll do that to you --

-- and we have pens for everybody, we're going to give you. Okay? Mauricio, do you want to say something about the champ?

I agree with that.

And our country is doing great. It's nice to see, but we are really doing great.

Lennox Lewis, one of the great champions of all time, in my opinion. I know them all, or at least I certainly know of them all, but I know a lot of them. But Lennox is one of the great champions. Tremendous physical talent, but he also had a thing called heart. And Lennox, I guess you saw a lot of talented guys --

-- and you were looking down at them at the end of a couple of rounds. Right?  But Lennox had tremendous heart and has tremendous heart. Would you like to say something about Jack Johnson?

I think it's great when a great champion, who, in theory, doesn't have to worry about somebody from the early part of the century -- I think it's great when a great champion comes to honor and even press that another great champion be honored. I think that's a great thing.

I think that's a great thing. Now, you know, everybody knows Sly and what a job he's done. One of -- I tell you what, I love his movies. And I don't care if it's Rambo or Rocky, I still don't know which I like better. Right?  But Sly is a special guy, and he's more shy than you would think. So I won't even tell him, but if you want to say a word, you can, Sly.

And, you know, the beautiful thing about Sly -- and I've known him for so long, such a great guy -- he didn't want to have any press. He didn't want anything. He just wanted Jack Johnson to be recognized.

He really said he didn't want any press. I said, Do you want to get the press? He said, No, no, no. And he said it even before he came down. He did not want any press. And we just said, Hey, let's do it. And I will tell you --

I don't think -- hey, I don't think you have any fright, I'll tell you what.

But you are a really great guy, in so many ways. Long beyond sport and boxing, you are a great guy, and you've been a great friend.

Linda, would you like to say something on behalf of Jack?

Beautiful. Thank you, Linda. Beautiful. Champ, would you like to say -- the current heavyweight champion of the world -- would you like to say a few words about Jack Johnson?

Thank you very much, champ.

Thank you very much. And keep knocking .  Thank you. And they were just nice enough to present me with this. That's a beautiful thing, but I think now the White House staff take it, and they put it away. I'm not allowed to receive. Can you believe it? So they put it away --

But we'll put it -- yeah, we'll start training.

We'll start training.  Well, on behalf of the White House, on behalf of the presidency, on behalf of this country -- our country is a great country, and we have done something today that was very important because we righted a wrong. It was a wrong, and a lot of people knew it. I knew it.

And thank you all very much. Thank you, Sly.  Thank you all. Thank you all very much.  Thank you all very much. Thank you.