Thank you very much. It's great to have you at Camp David, a very special place. We started, as you know, yesterday afternoon. We had a couple of incredible meetings. It's a feeling here that you don't have in very many places. There was a bonding. There was a... a lot of work done, a lot of great work for the people. Security discussed Infrastructure discussed. Military, and all types of military situations and applications discussed. General Mattis is here. General Kelly.

A lot of... a lot of good military input. Very important. Discussed funding for the military, which is so important. We also obviously went into budgets, and we went into DACA, and and how we're going to do, and we hope that we're going to be able to work out an arrangement with the Democrats. I think it's something that they'd like to see happen. It's something certainly that I'd like to see happen.

So we are, we are very well prepared for the coming year. We finished very strong. One of the things we are discussing and discussing very powerfully is drugs pouring into this country, and how to stop it. Because it's at a point over the last number of years... it's never been like this. We've never had a problem with drugs like we do, whether it's opioid or drugs in the traditional sense. It's never been like it is, and we are going to do everything we can. It's a very difficult situation, difficult for many countries. Not so difficult for some believe it or not.

They take it very seriously, and they're very harsh, and those are the ones that have much less difficulty. But we are going to be working on that very, very hard this year, and I think we're going to make a big dent into the drug problem. With that, I think what I'll do is ask Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, say a few words and I'll have Paul Ryan, and will... perhaps you'll have some questions for some of the folks.

We have a great group of talent, and I will tell you the meetings again were really, perhaps, transformative in certain ways. We're doing things and we have things planned for next year. One of the things Mitch said -- and he said it very well -- was it's gonna be tough to beat the year we just left, because what we had last year was something very special. Especially to cap it off with the tremendous tax cuts and tax reform, and don't forget ANWR, and don't forget the fact that the individual mandate -- such a horrible thing for so many people -- was terminated. So it's very, very tough. But I'd like to ask Mitch come up say a few words please.

Thanks Paul. Mike?

Thank you very much Mike. Any questions for the group. Yes?

We are looking at it and looking at aspects of it. It's a subject that's very dear to our hearts. We'll try and do something in a bipartisan way, otherwise, we'll be holding it for a little bit later, but we'll be looking to do that very much in a bipartisan way. We can. Yes?

Well, only because I went to the best colleges, or college. I went to, I had a situation where a very excellent student, came out, made billions and billions of dollars became one of the top business people. Went to television and for 10 years was a tremendous success, as you probably have heard, ran for president one time and won.  And then I hear this guy that doesn't... not know me, doesn't know me at all. By the way did not interviewed me for three...

He said he interviewed me for three hours in the White House. It didn't exist, okay? It's in his imagination. And what I was heartened by, because I talk about fake news and the fake news media was, I, really, was the fact that so many of the people that I talk about in terms of fake news actually came to the defense of this great administration, and even myself, because they know the author and they know he's a fraud. And when I saw some of the people say -- and you look at some of his past books, he did a book on Rupert Murdoch.

It was a terrible expose, and it was false. So much of it was false. I consider it a work of fiction, and I think it's a disgrace that somebody's able to have something, do something like that. The libel laws are very weak in this country.

If they were strong it, it would be very helpful. You wouldn't have things like that happen, where you can say whatever comes to your head. But just so you know, I never interviewed with him in the White House at all. He was never in the Oval Office. We didn't have an interview, and I did a quick interview with him a long time ago, having to do with an article. But I don't know this man.

I guess sloppy Steve brought him into the White House quite a bit, and it was one of those things. That's why sloppy Steve is now looking for a job? Okay, who else do you have? Yes.

Yeah. I hope it works out.

Well, I think so. I spoke with the President, as you know, with President Moon of South Korea. He thanked me very much for my tough stance, and you know, for 25 years they haven't been using a tough stance.

They've been giving everything. When you look at what Bill Clinton did, and you've seen the famous clip, where Bill Clinton wants to give him everything, and where I said years ago, with Russert, on Meet the Press, many years ago. We... I talked... I don't think anything's changed. You have to have a certain attitude, and you have to be prepared to do certain things, and I'm totally prepared to do that.

But President Moon called me - and we had a great discussion a couple of days ago, and he thanked me very much, and I hope it works out. I very much want to see it work out between the two countries. I'd like to see them getting involved in the Olympics, and maybe things go from there. So I'm behind that 100%.

He actually thanked me. He said, and a lot of people have said, a lot of people have written, that without my rhetoric and without my tough stance, and it's not just a stance, I mean this is, this is what has to be done, if it has to be done, that they wouldn't be talking about Olympics, that they wouldn't be talking right now.

Well, I hope they do. I hope they do. I would love to see them take it beyond the Olympics.

We have a very good relationship with South Korea. I would love to see it go far beyond the Olympics. Absolutely, and at the appropriate time we'll get involved. But I like the idea of their dealing on the Olympics, that should be between those two countries. Yes.

Everything about that is 100% proper. The story, by the way, in The Times was way off, or at least off. But everything that I've done is 100% proper.

That's what I do, is I do things proper, and, you know, I guess the collusion now is dead, because everyone found that after a year of study, there's been absolutely no collusion. There has been no collusion between us and the Russians. Now, there has been collusion between Hillary Clinton, the DNC, and the Russians. Unfortunately, you people don't cover that very much. But the only collusion is between Hillary and Russiansand the DNC and the Russians, and one of those things. Okay, any other questions?

You'll find out. But the story was off.

Yes I do.

I hope so. Where's Gary? Is he here? He was here. Gary.  Did you hear the question Gary? In this beautiful that's freezing?

They said, will Gary Cohn continue or remain in the administration? I said, I hope so. Now, if he leaves, I'm going to say, I'm very happy that he left, okay? All right?  Come here Gary. Are you happy, Gary?

He's just passed a very big bill. I think he's pretty happy.

Gary, hopefully, will be staying for a long time. Yes ma'am?

Sure. I always believe in talking.

But we have a very firm stance. Look, you know what it is. We're very firm. But I would be, absolutely I would do it. No problem with that at all.

We... that's not what I said at all. Look, right now, they're talking Olympics. It's a start. It's a big start. If I weren't involved, they wouldn't be talking about Olympics right now, they'd be doing no talking, or it would be much more serious. He knows I'm not messing around. I'm not messing around not even a little bit. Not even 1%.

He understands it. At the same time, if we can come up with a very peaceful and very good solution, we're working on it with Rex. We're working on it with a lot of people. If something can happen, and something can come out of those talks, that would be a great thing for all of humanity. That would be a great thing for the world. Very important, okay?

Yes sir.

Yes, I'll be very much involved.

In fact, it's one of the reason... Hard to believe. My poll numbers have gone way up. You have to explain that to me someday, but I'll tell you, they... actually, they've been explaining it to me, but they want me to be involved, and we're going to be very involved, in fact, not only with the Senate, also with the House.

Protecting Republicans and whoever I have to protect.

Look, we need more Republicans. We have to have more Republicans. With that being said, I think we're gonna go bipartisan. I think we're gonna have some really great bipartisan bills. But we need more Republicans, so that we can really get the rest of the make America great again agenda passed.

And, so I will be actually working for incumbents and anybody else that has my kind of thinking. I think that's going to happen. We're gonna make a lot of trips. We'll be very involved. I think you folks are gonna be very happy, because you're going to be doing a lot of traveling.

I don't see it, I don't see that happening. I don't see that happening at this moment. I think they've sort of scattered. We had somebody that lost us the state of Alabama, and I think, as far as I'm concerned, that was a shame that that was lost.

That should never have been lost, and you have... Look, with that all being said, we have the right policy, we have to right everything. You still need a good candidate.

You don't have the good candidate you're just not going to win. So we should have never lost Alabama. Shouldn't have happened. Okay, any other questions? Yes.

I do.

Well, I can just say some of the basics. I can say some of the basics. We want the wall. The wall's gonna happen, or we're not gonna have DACA. We want to get rid of chain migration, very important, and we want to get rid of the lottery system. In addition to that, we want some money for funding.

We need some additional border security. These are great people, and we need some border security. We need ICE. But we want to make sure that in terms of what we want, and we... we want DACA to happen. We all, everybody... I think I can speak for everybody.

We want John Cornyn from Texas. He... we all want DACA to happen. But we also want great security for our country, so important. We want to stop the drugs from flowing in. Very important. So, we have to get rid of the visa lottery. You know, the lottery's a disaster.  They give you people... in fact, as you know, the person on the West Side Highway that killed eight people, and so badly injured, legs and arms, so badly injured many more, that... he came in through the lottery system.

And remember this: a lot is just common sense: they're not sending us their finest, okay? When somebody gets picked in the lottery, we're not getting their best people. So we have to get rid of the lottery system. We have to get rid of chain migration. We have to have the wall.

I think that it should be in the same legislation, yes. And I think, frankly, the Democrats feel strongly about it too. I mean Chuck Schumer is New York. He saw somebody that came in through the lottery system.

He saw this man kill eight people on the West Side Highway, that he knows very well and he loves, like I do. I think he's okay with it. I really think we'll have a lot of Democrats support. I hope so, okay? Yes sir.

Yeah, I believe that Mexico will pay for the wall.  I have a very good relationship with Mexico. As you know, we're negotiating NAFTA, we'll see how that goes. Yes. But Mexico will pay -- in some form -- Mexico will pay for the wall.

One more question.

Yeah. Just so you understand... Just so you understand: there's been no collusion, there's been no crime. And, in theory, everybody tells me I'm not under investigation. Maybe Hillary is, I don't know, but I'm not. But there's been no collusion. There's been no crime. But we have been very open.

We could have done it two ways. We could have been very closed, and it would have taken years. But, you know, it's sort of like, when you've done nothing wrong, let's be open and get it over with. Because, honestly, it's very, very bad for our country. It's making our country look foolish, and this is a country that I don't want looking foolish, and it's not gonna look foolish as long as I'm here. So we've been very open and we just want to get that over with. Okay, anybody else? I think we're set. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.