Thank you very much. President Macron, Mrs. Macron, members of the French delegation, and distinguished guests: Welcome to the White House.  Mr. President, Melania and I were honored to visit your majestic country last summer. Now we are thrilled to host you and Brigitte here in America.

The wonderful friendship we have developed over the last year is a testament to the enduring friendship that binds our two nations. It is truly fitting that we are holding our first official state visit with the leader of America's oldest ally, the proud nation of France.

This morning, we all send our prayers to the Bush family as we wish former President George H.W. Bush a very speedy recovery.

I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives. Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.

Your visit, Mr. President, comes at a critical time for our alliance. Along with our British friends, the United States and France recently took decisive action in response to the Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons. I want to personally thank President Macron, the French military, and the French people, for their steadfast partnership. They were absolutely incredible. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Thank you.

The long friendship between the United States and France began 241 years ago this month, when a 19-year-old Frenchman named Lafayette set sail to join America's fight for independence. He quickly won the trust of George Washington, fought bravely in the battle, and helped secure the aid of France for the American cause. Decades later, President Andrew Jackson wrote that the memory of Lafayette "will be second only to that of Washington in the hearts of the American people."""

The beautiful friendship between the United States and France, forged in revolution, has changed the course of history.

Exactly 100 years ago this spring, Americans fought side-by-side with the gallant French in World War I.

A generation later, in the Second World War, hundreds of thousands of young Americans and Free French sacrificed together to save civilization in its hour of greatest need.

Sixty-thousand American service members rest for eternity beneath the peaceful fields and hills of the French countryside. And in the soil of Virginia and Georgia, French patriots whose names are known only to God lie in unmarked graves.

Today, we meet to affirm this friendship that has flourished as an example to the world for more than two centuries. Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul.

This legacy has made us who we are, and given us what we hold dear: the blessings of faith and freedom; the marvels of art and science; the love of family and community; and the defense of home and country.

This righteous calling, this sacred heritage, is what moved a young Frenchman to risk death for American liberty at Yorktown. It is what spurred the Americans to storm the cliffs of Omaha Beach. It is what drove the farmers of Massachusetts to stand at Concord Bridge, and the citizens of Paris to man the barricades.

And just weeks ago, we added a new name to this chronicle of our great heroes: a brave French policeman named Arnaud Beltrame. Colonel Beltrame stared down evil and did not flinch. He laid down his life for his neighbors, for his country, and for civilization itself. A great man. And through that immortal deed, a son of France reminded the world of the true measure of our strength.

President Macron, people of France, people of America: Now is the time for strength. So let us be strong. Let us be united. Let us honor our past and face our future with confidence and with pride. And let the United States and France stand forever in solidarity for the noble cause of liberty and peace. Thank you very much.  Thank you, Mr. President.