Hello everybody. Good, Tim. It's a big day.

Thank you. In a few moments, I will sign an executive order launching a new White House Opportunity -- this is a very big thing that Tim and I and everybody have been working on for a long time -- and Revitalization Council. This council will coordinate efforts across the entire federal government to deliver jobs, investment, and growth to the communities that need it the most.

With the creation of today's council, the resources of the whole federal government will be leveraged to rebuild low-income and impoverished neighborhoods that have been ignored by Washington in years past. Our goal is to ensure that America's great new prosperity is broadly shared by all of our citizens.

Our country is doing better than ever, economically, and we're able to do that. I am thrilled to announce that our new council will be led by Secretary Ben Carson, who is here with us today. Let's see, where is our Ben?  Also with us is Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Secretary Wilbur Ross, who will both serve on the Council and play a critical role in its work.

The Council will focus its efforts on Opportunity Zones, a crucial part of tax cuts that we passed last year. Under our new tax cuts, any distressed area that is designated as an Opportunity Zone will receive massive incentives for private sector investment, including zero capital gains tax on any investment held for at least 10 years.

We're honored to be joined today by the person who led the fight to include Opportunity Zones in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and that is Senator Tim Scott. Thank you. Thank you, Tim.  We're also joined by Roger Campos of the Minority Business Roundtable, along with Jimmy Kemp. Thanks fellas. Appreciate it. That's great.

Pastor Darrell Scott, a friend of mine for a long time. Where's Darrell?

Hi, Darrell. Darrell. Bishop Harry Jackson -- Harry, that's great. And local officials from Baltimore, Maryland; Norfolk, Virginia; and Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. For decades, job growth and investment have been concentrated in a few major metropolitan areas. This has created a geographic disparity -- a very big one, in many cases -- where some cities have thrived, while others have suffered chronic economic and social hardship.

With Opportunity Zones, we are drawing investment into neglected and underserved communities of America so that all Americans, regardless of zip code, have access to the American Dream. Governors know their local needs best. Following the enactment of our tax law, America's governors designated nearly 9,000 neighborhoods as Opportunity Zones -- from communities in the rural West Virginia, to suburban Arizona, to inner-city Chicago.

The Treasury Department has estimated that, as a result of these tax incentives, private businesses will invest $100 billion in Opportunity Zones. And that will be incredible. This Council will support communities like East Baltimore, where Pastor Donté Hickman is helping lead a groundbreaking project in the newly designated Opportunity Zone.

I'd like to invite Pastor Hickman to say a few words about today's initiative. He's been an incredible leader, a man of faith, and somebody that we all believe very strongly in. Pastor, please.

Thank you very much.  Thank you. Thank you, Pastor. Today we are also proud to be joined by one of America's most admired business leaders, the co-founder of the television network, BET, Bob Johnson. Bob, please. Hi, Bob.  How are you? Nice to see you.

Good.

Thank you, Bob. That's very nice. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you.  Thank you very much, Bob. Under my administration, we are fighting every day for all Americans. African Americans and Hispanic American poverty rates have reached their lowest levels ever recorded in the history of our country.

African American and Hispanic American unemployment have recently achieved the lowest rates ever recorded. African American youth unemployment has reached the lowest rate ever recorded. That's pretty good, Bob, isn't it? Right? Pretty good. Last year alone, we lifted 1 million Americans out of poverty, which is a record.

We have launched a cutting-edge campaign to provide skills and job training to nearly 6.5 million Americans. We are fixing disastrous trade policies that gutted middle-class communities. And we are expanding real educational choice for our students. As part of our commitment to building safe and prosperous communities, the Senate will soon vote on our landmark criminal justice reform package that we've all been working very hard on. You have been working very hard on it. The FIRST STEP Act, it's called.

This legislation will giver former inmates and non-violent offenders the chance to become productive, contributing, law-abiding citizens. But we have much more work to do. The White House Opportunity and Revitalization Council will drive our ambitious agenda and drive it very, very powerfully. No citizen will be forgotten, no community will be ignored, and no American will be left on the sidelines.

To achieve our national destiny, we all must unlock the potential of all of our people, not just some of our people. Together, we will take our nation to new heights by realizing the full promise of America for every citizen in our magnificent land. With that, I would like to invite Secretary Ben Carson to the podium before I sign the executive order.

I'd also like to ask Tim Scott to say a few words. Great senator. And then we'll sign. Thank you very much. Ben, first.

Right.

Thank you.

Thank you very much, Tim.   This is a great thing.  Thank you everybody.