Well, thank you very much. We very much appreciate the fact that we have won a very important event: the World Cup in 2026. And we'll be hosting it along with Mexico and Canada. And it's a very special event. I think it's probably certainly one of the biggest, and maybe the biggest sporting event in the world.

And soccer has come such a long way. Soccer is a game -- I guess you call it "football." But, over here, maybe at some point, they'll change the name. I'm not sure, but we'll see.

But it's working very well either way. But I just want to thank Gianni Infantino for being here. He's the president of FIFA and a highly respected man. In fact, when my son heard he was going to be here, he said, "Dad, I'd like to meet him." So you're pretty famous, right? Pretty important and pretty famous.

He likes -- my son, Barron, loves soccer. And soccer has to be one of the fastest-growing sports in the world. And the job you've done is really fantastic, Gianni. So thank you very much.

And I want to also pay my respect to Carlos Cordeiro, who -- as president, in this country, of soccer -- has been incredibly instrumental in helping us to get the World Cup. And he's worked so hard, so long. And they were calling me constantly to try to get me to come onboard, but it only took one call because when I heard "World Cup," I wanted to do it.

And again, we want to thank you. It's all signed up. It's all set to go. And it'll be a special event. I think it's going to be something, really, very special. And, Gianni, maybe I'd ask you to say a few words, and then Carlos.

Right. Right.

Right.

Right, okay. Well, we'll do it.

It's very exciting. Everybody is talking about it, and it's very exciting. And Carlos.

Well, thank you, Carlos. And I have to also thank Bob Kraft, who I know that you were working very hard with. Bob originally called me and he said, "What do you think of the idea of trying to get the World Cup to the United States?" And I said, "I think we really like it." And then we got Canada, we got Mexico involved, and we're going to have a great partnership. And it's going to be very special. I look forward to it.

So let's see, 2026 -- I won't be here. I won't be here. Maybe they'll extend the term because I know they'd love to see some --  Because if they don't extend --

-- the media is going to be very boring. It's going to be very boring. They'll all be out of business, I guess. But we will -- we will be there and it will be a very, very important and a very special event. And I think, also, having it in the United States is very important for soccer.

Especially in light of the fact that soccer has done so well.

Thank you, my friend. I appreciate it very much.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Sure. I'd love that. Thank you.

What -- excuse me. Excuse me.

Can you just hold it. Where are you from?

Okay.

Except it had a little problem last time.

Okay.

Let me stand up, Gianni.

That's good. That's good. Great. Thank you very much. That's very nice.

Yes. Wow, look at that.

That's pretty good. Thank you. Thank you, fellas. That's really very nice.

Right.

That's true. That's true. Right? That's very good.

I like that.

I like that.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Carlos. Congratulations. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Yeah. The wall will be paid for very easily by Mexico. It will ultimately be paid for by Mexico.

Yeah, I think Google has really taken advantage of a lot of people. And I think that's a very serious thing, and it's a very serious charge. I think what Google and what others are doing -- if you look at what's going on at Twitter, if you look at what's going on in Facebook, they better be careful, because you can't do that to people. You can't do it.

We have tremendous -- we have literally thousands and thousands of complaints coming in. And you just can't do that. And so I think that Google and Twitter and Facebook, they're really treading on very, very troubled territory. And they have to be careful. It's not fair to large portions of the population. Okay. Thank you very much everybody.