Well, thank you very much everybody. We have a great group of business leaders, tremendous leaders, throughout the country and even beyond, and we also have a tremendously talented and a good person, Senator, a friend of mine for a long time, Tim, Scott, and we're talking today about Opportunity Zones, putting people to work, and getting businesses started and creating a lot of good things and our tax plan, which has done so much -- the tax cuts, I call it, it really is, it's tax cuts and reform, it really creates some really big advantages for these opportunities.

And, so, I will ask Senator Scott to say a few words, and then I might ask a few of the folks gathered around to say something, and I know you're not concerned with the press, because you're very good with the press, Tim. Thank you very much.

That's right

Thank you Tim.

Well, it's gonna be a great chance, and it really is the best word is opportunity. It will be a great opportunity. Maybe we could go around the room a little bit. You could say a little bit about the great job you've done. You have done a great job. Go ahead.

That's great, say hello to the governor.

Thank you very much.

Very good. We were looking at that, as you know. Steve Case?

Thank you. Thank you very much. Walter?

Thank you. Great job you've done too. Thank you very much. Gary?

-- oh good, good. Good man.

Thank you. That's beautiful, and keep up the good work. That's very important work. Our Secretary of the Treasury, Steve?

Great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Jim. Thank you.

Oh, that's very impressive!

How did you feel when Connecticut lost General Electric? That was not a good day.

That's not supposed to happen.

Well, if you were governor that would not have happened right? I think that would not have happened.

You've done a great job. You've done a great job.

Tim, anything further to say?

Ivanka, would you like to say something? You've been pushing this very hard.

Thank you all very much. Thank you.

I am opposed to domestic violence, and everybody here knows that. I am totally opposed to domestic violence of any kind. Everyone knows that, and it almost wouldn't even have to be said. So, now you hear it, but you all know it. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.