Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have the President -- and highly respected, I must say -- President of Portugal with us. We have a tremendous relationship with Portugal for a long time, and I would say it's never been better than it is right now. So I just want to welcome you and your delegation. It is a country of great beauty and great people. And so thank you.

And if you don't mind, I'll just make a quick statement of a man I also have great respect for, Justice Anthony -- you know who I'm talking about. Justice Kennedy will be retiring. And he is a man that I've known for a long time and a man that I've respected for a long time. He's been a great justice of the Supreme Court. He is a man who is displaying great vision. He's displayed tremendous vision and tremendous heart. And he will be missed, but he will be retiring.

And we will begin our search for a new justice of the United States Supreme Court. That will begin immediately. And hopefully we're going to pick somebody who will be as outstanding.

So I just want thank Justice Kennedy for the years of tremendous service. He's a very spectacular man. Really, a spectacular man. And I know that he will be around, hopefully for a long time, to advise. And I believe he's going to be teaching and doing other things. So thank you to Justice Kennedy. Okay? Thank you.

Well, we have, obviously, numerous people. We have a list of 25 people that I actually had during my election. I had 20, and as you know, I added 5 a little while ago. We have a very excellent list of great talented, highly educated, highly intelligent -- hopefully, tremendous -- people. I think the list is very outstanding.

When I was running, I put down a list of 20 people. Because not being a politician, I think people wanted to hear what some of my choices may be, and it was pretty effective. And I think you see the kind of quality that we're looking at when you look at that list. But I did add -- I added five additional people to the list. So it will be somebody from that list. So we have now boiled it down to about 25 people.

Yes --

No, I will tell you, we fought very hard to get it here. I think they're doing a fantastic job with the World Cup right now. It's in Russia, and I will tell you that it's exciting. My son loves soccer, and he loves watching the World Cup. And they have really done a fantastic job with the World Cup. It's exciting even if you're a non-soccer fan. I'm a soccer fan a little bit, but I don't have much time.

But -- well, I'm rooting for everybody to do well. But I think the venue has been fantastic. They really have shown something very special.

I fought very hard to get it to the United States, Mexico, and Canada, as you probably have heard. And we were honored to be chosen. And this is a great gentleman and a great soccer fan too. But we were very honored to be chosen for the World Cup. So we look forward to that.

Most likely. John Bolton is over there now. He's over in Russia right now. I just saw, watching media, that he's met with President Putin. I haven't gotten the full report yet. But it would look like we will probably be meeting sometime in the not-too-distant future.

And I've said it from day one: Getting along with Russia and with China and with everybody is a very good thing. It's good for the world, it's good for us, it's good for everybody. So we'll probably be meeting sometime around my trip to Europe.

No, it hasn't been determined yet. Probably, I will know within an hour.

Well, we're going to see. But we believe that families should be together also. So there's not a lot to fight. But we believe families have to be together.

But what we really do is we believe in very strong borders, no crime. And the Democrats believe in open borders and plenty of crime, because that's what you get with the open borders.

I would like to introduce, however, the President of Portugal. And I'm sorry to bother you, but in our country, the selection of a justice of the United States Supreme Court is considered, I think we can all say, one of the most important events -- one of the most important things for our country. I mean, you see the decisions that just came down, how big they are, how vital they are. And they can swing different ways depending on who it might -- whom there might be in the courts. So it's always been considered a tremendous -- a tremendously important thing.

Some people think outside of, obviously, war and peace, it's the most important thing that you could have. But another very important thing is introducing the President -- the highly respected, I must say -- President of Portugal. Thank you.

Oh, very good.

Yes.

That's right.

Good taste.

Go ahead.

Good.

Oh, okay.

He knows all about him.

That's right. They're doing very well.

And they say he is doing --

That's very good. And so tell me, how good a player is he? Are you impressed?

Yeah, great. No. No. I think -- I think (inaudible) --

So will Cristian ever run for President against you?  He wouldn't win. You know he won't

That's right. That's right.

Yes, go ahead.

About a half hour ago.

He came to the White House. We had a wonderful discussion just prior to meeting the President and really had a very deep discussion. I got his ideas on things, including -- I asked him if he had certain people that he had great respect for that potentially could take his seat -- which is a very hard seat to fill.

No, I won't do that. But he has -- you know, there are certain names that are just outstanding -- names that you already know, to be honest with you. I mean, there are names that you know that are outstanding, highly respected -- names that you would know, President. And we'll be looking at them; we'll be looking at some others. But they will come from the list of 25 people. Okay?

I haven't really thought about that. I think you want to go as quickly as possible. It's a process, but haven't really thought of that. But we had a big day yesterday, very big. We had a great decision today, in terms of what was just released by the Supreme Court. Yesterday, obviously, with the travel ban was extremely big.

And we had some tremendous elections. South Carolina, from my own standpoint, South Carolina -- the governor, McMaster -- It was a big win. And as you know, I was very much involved in New York with the Congressman, Donovan.

So we're very happy. We're -- this was a good few days, and now I get to cap it off by meeting with the President of Portugal. And Portugal has been actually very important to our nation. And you're right, we have about a million and a half people from Portugal here. So that's very important.

No, I want them to do what they wanted. You know, the problem we have -- and I told them this morning, I said, "Hey, pass it, if you can." But I also want them to do what they want. We have a big immigration bill, like everybody does -- like you're talking and everybody talks about immigration now, I think, more than ever before.

I told them -- a few hours ago, I said, "Look, pass something or come back with something that would be a derivation, but get something you want." The problem we have is we need Democratic votes in the Senate, and that's why I don't get overly excited with the House bill right now, because it's not going to pass in the Senate. You're not going to get the Democrats to vote for anything. If we gave them 100 percent of what they wanted, and then doubled it, they still wouldn't pass it because they think it's a good election point.

I think it's good for us because I think strong borders -- I don't even know how you feel about that, but I think strong borders and no crime is -- that's us. And I think that's going to be a great election point for us.

So I told them two hours ago, I said, "You know, do what you want, and ultimately we'll come to something." And perhaps it'll be after the election, maybe it'll be before. But as of this moment, Democrats are not going to vote for anything, because they really are resisting or obstructing. Okay? Thank you very much.

Well, I think we'll be talking about Syria. I think we'll be talking about Ukraine. I think we'll be talking about many other subjects. And we'll see what happens. So you never know.

You never know about meetings, what happens. Right? But I think a lot of good things can come with meetings with people. We had great meetings with President Xi of China. We have -- every place I've been, we have had great meetings. So maybe something positive will come out of it.

Well, that was a shocker. Losing -- for Crowley to lose that election, that was a shocker. I was surprised. Everybody was surprised. We had somebody that's been in there for many years, Mr. President, and I think he probably took it for granted. And I can't say that I'm disappointed because I was never a big fan, but he lost his election. Probably shouldn't have lost his election. Maybe you get a little complacent, you know? That does happen; you get complacent. And he lost. That's a big loss. I tell you what, that's an amazing -- that was a shocking loss. But it is what it is. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

No, they're doing great. By the way, the steel industry is absolutely doing great. The tariffs have been incredible. And the steel industry is doing great, and our country is doing great. You're seeing the results.

The numbers coming out from the companies are far beyond what anybody ever thought possible. We're doing really good. But we have to have fair trade deals, and we working on really fair trade deals. We're working with your representatives on fair trade deals. So --

Yes. Yes. Yes.

Thank you everybody.

They're working -- it's going to be very good. It's going be good.

Probably after.

Probably after.

Thank you everybody. Thank you very much.

Could be. Or Vienna.

It'll be announced very soon.