Thank you very much, Emmanuel. Thank you very much.

Well, I very much appreciate that, Mr. President. And we have become very good friends over the last couple of years. We have much in common in many ways -- perhaps more ways than people would understand. But we are -- we're very much similar in our views.

And I appreciate what you're saying about burden sharing. You know what my attitude has been, and we want a strong Europe. It's very important to us to have a strong Europe. And whichever way we can do it the best and most efficient would be something that we both want.

I just want to thank you very much for the graciousness that was so beautifully received. We were so beautifully received last night. We look forward to spending the next day and a half with you.

And today and tomorrow are going to be very important. And we'll be discussing many things, not only military and aid, and NATO, and others, but we'll also be discussing trade. And we've been discussing that for a little while. I think we've made a lot of progress. We'll see if we can get it over the line, as they say. We'll see what happens. But trade is very important.

And we're also very much focused -- the President and I -- on terrorism. Terrorism is a very big subject for both of us. And we see what's going on in the world, and it's not a good picture. But we've made a lot of progress. We've done things together that were quite bold, recently, six months ago. Very bold. And terrorism will be a big factor and a big part of our discussion today.

So I want to thank everybody for being here. And, Mr. President, thank you very much.

We're getting along from the standpoint of fairness, and I want it to be fair. We want to help Europe but it has to be fair. Right now, the burden sharing has been largely on the United States, as the President will say, and he understands that. And he understands that the United States can only do so much, in fairness to the United States.

So we've -- we're rebuilding our military. We just had approved $716 billion. The year before that, we had $700 billion. So we're almost completely rebuilding our military with the latest and the greatest.

And we want -- we just want -- we want to absolutely be there. We want to help. We want to be a part of it. But different countries have to also help. That's only fair. And I think the President -- we've already discussed this -- and the President and I very much agree on that.

Thank you. Thank you.