Thank you very much. Have a seat. It's a great honor to have you here, and we're going to be listening to some of your suggestions. I've heard some of them, and we're going to do something about this horrible situation that's going on. And we're going to all figure it out together.

So I want to listen, and then after I listen, we're going to get things done. I thought we'd start off -- Pastor, if you could possibly say the prayer, it would be appreciated. Thank you.

Thank you very much, Pastor. Appreciate it. Vice President, you wanted to say and I'd like you to say a few words. And I'd like to then introduce you to Betsy DeVos, who most of you know and some of you have met a little while ago. Mike, what do you have to say?

Thank you, Mike, very much. Betsy.

Thank you very much, Betsy. And I just want to say before we really begin -- because I want to hear your input -- we're going to be very strong on background checks. We're going to be doing very strong background checks. Very strong emphasis on the mental health of somebody. And we are going to do plenty of other things.

Again, next week, the governors are coming in from most of the states, and we're going to have a very serious talk about what's going on with school safety. Very important. And we're going to cover every aspect of it. There are many ideas that I have.

There are many ideas that other people have. And we're going to pick out the strongest ideas, the most important ideas, the ideas that are going to work. And we're going to get them done. It's not going to be talk like it has been in the past. It's been going on too long; too many instances. And we're going to get it done.

So, again, I want to thank you all for being here. And I'd like to hear your story. And I'd also like to, if you have any suggestions for the future based on this horrible experience that you've gone through -- I'd love to have those ideas. How about we start with you.

I really appreciate it.

Thank you.

Yes. Sure.

That's great. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. I appreciate it.

Thanks. Very nice.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

We are blessed that we are a very close-knit, family-oriented city, and our community is coming together. We lost 17 lives, but the ripple effects throughout the community are devastating. I have spent the last week going to funerals -- friends of mine that lost their children.

We have to, at some point, care enough and be strong enough to come up with solutions. And I hope we will. And if I might, I had two parents who lost children this past week text me some of their thoughts, if I might share them with you.

Yes.

Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very much. I appreciate that. This is an incredible group of people, and we really do appreciate it. Some of the folks in the back, and some of my friends sitting right back here, I'd like to have you say a few words. We can learn a lot from you.

We want to learn everything we can learn, and we're going to go -- starting about two minutes after this meeting, we're going to work, because this is a long-term situation that we have to solve. We'll solve it together. And you've gone through extraordinary pain, and we don't want others to go through the kind of pain that you've gone through. It wouldn't be right. So would you like to say something, please?

Thank you very much. It's incredible. Very sad. Thank you very much. Does anybody have an idea for a solution to the school shooting, and the school shootings that we've gone through over the years? And we've seen too much of it, and we're going to stop it. We got a lot of different ideas. I could name 10 of them right now. Does anybody have an idea as to how to stop it? What is your recommendation to stop it? Yes.

Yeah.

You're right about that. Yes, go ahead.

Well, thank you, too. And I will say, again, background checks are going to be very strong. We need that. And then after we do that, when we see there's trouble, we have to nab them.

You know, years ago, we had mental hospitals -- mental institutions. We had a lot of them, and a lot of them have closed. They've closed. Some people thought it was a stigma. Some people thought, frankly, it was a -- the legislators thought it was too expensive.

Today, if you catch somebody, they don't know what to do with them. He hasn't committed the crime, but he may, very well. And there's no mental institution, there's no place to bring them. And we have that a lot. Even if they caught this person -- I'm being nice when I use the word "person"" -- they probably wouldn't have known what to do."

They're not going to put them in jail. And yet -- so there's none of that middle ground of having that institution, where you had trained people that could handle it and do something about it and find out how sick he really is. Because he is a sick guy. And he should have been nabbed a number of times, frankly.

Your concept and your idea about -- it's called concealed carry -- and it only works where you have people very adept at using firearms, of which you have many, and it would be teachers and coaches. If the coach had a firearm in his locker when he ran at this guy -- that coach was very brave. Saved a lot of lives, I suspect. But if he had a firearm, he wouldn't have had to run; he would have shot and that would have been the end of it.

And this would only be, obviously, for people that are very adept at handling a gun. And it would be -- it's called concealed carry, where a teacher would have a concealed gun on them. They'd go for special training. And they would be there, and you would no longer have a gun-free zone. A gun-free zone to a maniac -- because they're all cowards -- a gun-free zone is, let's go in and let's attack, because bullets aren't coming back at us.

And if you do this -- and a lot of people are talking about it, and it's certainly a point that we'll discuss -- but concealed carry for teachers and for people of talent -- of that type of talent. So let's say you had 20 percent of your teaching force, because that's pretty much the number -- and you said it -- an attack has lasted, on average, about three minutes.

It takes five to eight minutes for responders, for the police, to come in. So the attack is over. If you had a teacher with -- who was adept at firearms, they could very well end the attack very quickly.

And the good thing about a suggestion like that -- and we're going to be looking at it very strongly, and I think a lot of people are going to be opposed to it; I think a lot of people are going to like it -- but the good thing is that you'll have a lot of people with that. You know, you can't have a hundred security guards in Stoneman Douglas. That's a big school. That's a massive school with a lot of acreage to cover, a lot of floor area.

And so that would be, certainly, a situation that is being discussed a lot by a lot of people. You'd have a lot people that'd be armed. They'd be ready. They're professionals. They may be Marines that left the Marines, left the Army, left the Air Force. And they're very adept at doing that. You'd have a lot of them, and they'd be spread evenly throughout the school.

So the other thing -- I really believe that if these cowards knew that the school was well-guarded, from the standpoint of having, pretty much, professionals with great training, I think they wouldn't go into the school to start off with. I think it could very well solve your problem.

So we'll be doing the background checks. We'll be doing a lot of different things. But we'll certainly be looking at ideas like that. You know, a lot of people don't understand that airline pilots now, a lot of them carry guns. And I have to say that things have changed a lot. People aren't attacking the way they would routinely attack. And maybe you have the same situation in schools.

So does anybody like that idea here? Does anybody like it? Right? Yes. For Meadow -- your beautiful Meadow. We talked about that. And do people feel strongly against it? Anybody? Anybody? Strongly against it?

All right. I mean, I could -- look, we can understand both sides. And certainly, it's controversial. But we'll study that along with many other ideas. Anybody else something to say? Yes, go ahead.

That's true. That's true. And we can do something about that. Yes, sir. Go ahead.

Thank you. Very well said. Very well said. Yes.

Yes, go ahead. Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Yes, go ahead.

Thank you.

Thank you, Mark. Thank you.

Yes.

Thank you, Betsy, and thank you, Mike, and thank you everybody for being with us. We're going to work very hard. It's very difficult, it's very complex, but we're going to find a solution. We have been looking at this issue for a long time -- too long as far as I'm concerned. And you'll be back -- you'll be back in a much more positive light. We will get there.

If you have any suggestions, if you have any feelings as to what we should do -- because there are many different ideas -- some, I guess, are good. Some aren't good. Some are very stringent, as you understand. And a lot of people think they work. And some are less so.

But in addition to everything else, and in addition to what we're going to do about background checks -- we're going to go very strongly to age, that's age of purchase, and we're also going to go very strongly to the mental health aspect of what's going on. Because here was a case where he cried out -- this person was sick, very sick. And people knew he was very sick.

And I know law enforcement is also -- I really learned a lot from this -- we're also going to look at the institutions. We're going to look at what to do when you find somebody like this -- because again, right now we're not equipped like we were many years ago. So we're going to look at that whole aspect of what's going on.

I want to thank everybody. I know you've been through a lot. Most of you have been through a lot -- more than you ever thought possible. More than you ever thought humanly possible. And all I can say is that we're fighting hard for you, and we will not stop. We will not stop. We're going to get there. And I just grieve for you. I feel so -- it's just, to me, there could be nothing worse than what you've gone through.

Again, thank you for your ideas. Thank you for your thoughts. Thank you for pouring out your hearts, because the world is watching. And we're going to come up with a solution. God bless you all. Thank you.