We keep busy. We keep nation busy. We just had one of these in another room, and as you know there's a great group of governors, very distinguished governors, and we're having a meeting. We had a victory just a few moments ago on the Internet sales tax. A lot of states and cities now are gonna be benefiting from what's going on and that's a big, big victory for the governors in this room and I know they want to see that happen. And I don't think it was a surprising victory, it's the right thing to do.

It's a five to four decision and Supreme Court just came down. So I have a very -- lot of happy faces in front of me. That's good.

It's going to be a very good meal. But I want to thank you all for being here. I thought I'd go down while the press is here. I thought I'd go -- maybe we'll go around the room. And, Mike, congratulations on the ascension.

It's something I think you really deserve. Congratulations. You might want to say a few words to the press.

Thank you very much. I hear Josh is doing pretty well out there?

That's good. I hear he's doing really good. Really great.

And Matt you have, sort of, set records in what you're doing in your great state that I love very much, Kentucky. Special place, and you really have done a job.

And Matt, I might add, has a record number of new businesses going into Kentucky. And I want to take full credit for that, but I have to give him at least some. You have done a really fantastic job, so thank you very much.

I appreciate it. Ivanka, do you have anything to say?

Great. Great job. How is the million square miles that we just gave over? Sitted over you.

How's that doing? Everything good?

Yes.

Right.

I've had so many calls from people in Utah. They're so happy about, you know, what took place. They never thought it was gonna happen.

Well, you two great senators pushed me very hard on that and when I looked at it I said that it's a natural so it's good. So say hello to everybody.

Good. I think you'll be excellent. I endorsed him and...

Good. Guy's good. It's gotta be working Say hello to everybody. Thank you, Governor.

It's probably true.

Wow.

Wow. That's fantastic.

That's fantastic.  Not bad, right? That's a little different than a lot of places.

Well, that's good. That's good. You are doing well.

You've done a fantastic job. Thank you very much for being here.

That's a great place. I like it. I guess they like me based on the numbers, but I'll tell you what, we've had great  experience there. What makes it so good? What's -- what's doing so well? Because you are just about at the top of the heap in terms of percentage game.

What's making it so good?

Wow.

Fantastic job. Great.

Mike.

Thank you, Mike. So Scott Walker has done an incredible job as governor and I went to Scott and said, "Scott, I think we have Foxconn we can get him." And when I thought Foxconn --  now, Foxconn makes the laptops and the iPhones for Apple and it's one of the great companies of the world, one of the biggest companies in the world. And I said a long time ago that Tim Cook of Apple, who said, I will not be satisfied until you start building your plants and others start building again.

You are really -- as usual you're the first -- they are building the biggest plant you've ever seen in Wisconsin, and you know, when I gave them over to you, I said, "I don't have to make another call because it was like a vice, right? And you pulled it off. So I want to congratulate Scott Walker. That it's going to be -- what's 15,000 jobs, I think, in that one place, and they're going to be -- from what I'm hearing they're already talking about expansion.

And we flew over a site and it was very interesting together. I said, "What's that?" That was a car company that had left this big site. Good location.

I said, "That would be good." And you said, "That's the site." But when I handed them over to Scott Walker it was over. I didn't have to waste any more time, right? You took it over, and they're building -- How far advanced are they?

Well, I appreciate it. I have to say about Scott Walker, he was the first one to tell me that they're having a hard time getting into Canada with dairy products, right? And Scott really brought it to my attention, better than anybody else could have been. We've got to get that situation straight. You know, it's not a pleasant thing but they've gotten away with it for a long time.

And it's not fair where they send their product to us, but we can't send our product to them. And Scott Walker did not like it, and I don't like it. And we're going to get it fixed.

So, let -- in -- particularly, let the farmers know that I'm with them. It may be a little bit of pain initially, but ultimately we're opening up markets that they never even thought possible. You know, Canada charges a 275% tariff with dairy products.

You do a lot of dairy products, and that's not fair. That's like putting a barrier up. That's like saying, "Don't even bother." It's the same thing as a barrier.

So you know, we're working on it, right?

There was big tariff, guys, so I said, "I had an idea, folks. Get rid of all tariffs and all subsidies. Get rid of everything.

Get rid of --  They weren't very fast to take that, right?  They weren't too fast. I wasn't surprised but they weren't. But a lot of people like that.

Thank you very much. Great job, Scott. Governor, you see his job? He's the Governor of Puerto Rico.

I think we helped you a lot and you're doing a great job. You -- That is a tough job.

Well, thank you, Ricardo, very much. Ricardo is going to guarantee us two Republican Senators, right? Is that correct? Make that process very quick. Might be a very quick process.

You really worked very hard.

We've been there together, and you know, Ricardo inherited a power plant that was virtually useless. And it was in bankruptcy, It's been in bankruptcy for a long period of time, and many other places where bankruptcy and tremendous amounts of money owed, and you got in, and you've been working really hard. He was very brilliant, he blamed the hurricane for destroying the power plant and he's doing very well. I'll tell you what, the people of Puerto Rico are being well represented by this man, because we like him and we respect him. And we are working on that power plant.

It's, you know, it's very big numbers. It was bad before the hurricane, it was bad after the hurricane. But, you know, we have some great talent over there.

But just say hello to the people there. They are great people, they've endured a lot. That was as bad -- a situation as I've ever seen.

But it's getting done.

Great job.

Great job, Ricardo. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. And you know, while we have Alex here, and we did it a little while ago, but if you could give just a brief summary of what we've done on healthcare. Because it's so exciting, it's association healthcare.

It's millions and millions of people. It's never been done on this scale and it's actually getting larger. It's going to take a tremendous group out of the disaster, known as Obamacare. And Alex Acosta, please.

Secretary of Labor.

It's going to be millions of people signing up, associations, and you can have an association of one, also. The way we have it. But it'll be millions of people.

We're actually now expanding the groups and we're gonna start, and starting in a few months you'll get an even expanded group. It will be tremendously competitive. Will cost the government nothing and people will get a much better price than they ever dreamed possible.

And It's a very, very exciting thing. It's as big as you've -- you'll ever See. And when the expansion goes into effect in a couple of months, that's going to really show something.

So I want to just congratulate you Alex. You have done -- you worked so hard on this. But this will be millions of people become wealthy and use this as an alternative to the really failed Obamacare.

And step by step that's being dismantled, essentially it's dismantled. Once we get rid of the individual mandate, which was such a disaster for all of you, the people had the privilege of paying a fortune so that they didn't have to buy insurance. OK, they got nothing. They just paid.

And that's gone. And that's something we never think of, but we should. We should add that when we talk about the tax cuts, that's part of the tax cut. Nobody ever talks about adding that, where people were paying for the individual mandate a lot of money so that they don't have to go in and pay for healthcare.

So they were paying not to have healthcare. If you add that to the tax benefit, which frankly, nobody ever thought of. But, I think, you could put that because it is the same tax-cut bill.

So, I think, we should maybe put that down in the form of -- But Alex is so exciting. And people will save thousands and thousands of dollars and have much better healthcare than they had with Obamacare. Thank you very much.

Kellyanne, can you say a couple of words about the opioids .

Well, thank you very much. And you know, the First Lady is now is at the border.

Because she doesn't like what she was seeing, and I don't like what we were seeing, and we have to get together and do something on immigration. And as you folks know better than anybody, that has to take place very quickly. But she is there, and you work very closely with her.

And I'll say something about Kelly, and she is a warrior. We can send her into the most unfriendly territory of media, and it's like, "Don't worry I would use -- but don't worry about it. Oh, I'd love to do it."  Whereas, other people would say, "Would you do so-and-so. Could you please pick Kellyanne."  You are a warrior, Kellyanne.

Ane you have been for a long time.

Great success. Great. And Eric, you have very big shoes to fill for Mike.

Eric is the Governor of Indiana and took my explains -- how's he doing, Mike? Good job?

Your word is very strong. Very strong. Eric.

Well, thank you. I think you're doing fantastically and I appreciate it. And Mary Fallin has been my friend, Governor of Oklahoma, and been my friend right from the beginning.

And I remember the speech, one of my earliest speeches, I called Mary, who said, "How many people are showing up?" She said, "At least 35,000." I said, "What?"  35,000. In the park. Remember the park?

What a scene that was. We had a bandshell and the people were surrounding it you couldn't see the other side. But Mary's been so incredible and done a great job as Governor of Oklahoma.

And what would you like to say?

Because you keep rejecting us. Otherwise...

Right, right. I will

Thank you, Mary. Oh, good. Such a great job you've done.

These are terrific people, terrific and really successful governors and thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

We're looking at the possibilities, we are all looking --  and with other leaders throughout the world, but we are all looking at the possibilities.

We have to have a very tough policy, otherwise, you have millions and millions of people pouring into our country. We can't have that. We have no choice. We have to have a very strong border, if we don't, you'll  millions and millions of people -- Look what's happening today, look like child's play. It will be a terrible thing if we ever did that. So we have to be very, very strong on the border. If we don't do it, you'll be inundated with people and you really won't have a country anyway. You know, without borders you don't have a country.

I've said it for a long time, and you would effectively not have a country. OK. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much, everybody.