Thank you very much for being here this morning, and thank you to Secretary Mnuchin for joining us. And congratulations. You're doing a great job. We appreciate it very much, Steve.

I especially want to welcome Senators John Cornyn, who has been working so hard lately, and especially at the border. We're doing things that nobody else thought we could do with very bad legislation. Better get that legislation changed. I think we'll get it done.

Tom Cotton, Mike Crapo, Marco Rubio, and Jeb Hensarling -- I want to thank you all. This has been a tremendous thing that we're sort of announcing today, but people are -- they found out about it.

Each of you was instrumental in passing the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act -- so important -- which was included in the National Defense Authorization Act that I signed into law earlier this month.

This new authority will enhance our ability to protect cutting-edge American technology and intellectual property vital to our national security. You've all been reading that intellectual property and all sorts of different things of that nature are being stolen from us by other countries. It's going to be very hard for them to do that. We're putting a lot of safeguards in, and we're doing a lot of things against foreign acquisition of property, and especially where they're near sensitive military installations.

So this was a very big deal. This was a very important deal. And the people in this room are the people that really were most instrumental in wanting it and getting it passed.

Because of our incredible achievements, other nations seek to steal, copy, or control American intellectual property. And we had very, very little safeguards up. We had, in many cases, I would say, Marco, no safeguards. And now we have probably the best there is in the world. We'll see if that's good enough, and if it's not, then we will keep adding on to it.

This weakens our economy when they steal, destroys our jobs, and threatens the security of our country. I'm pleased this new legislation provides the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States greater authority when it comes to reviewing foreign ownership of American firms with critical technology and intellectual property.

And if we see something we don't like -- some country is buying something that we don't want them to be buying -- we stop it. We now have the right to stop it. They won't be stealing our companies anymore, especially companies that are quite complex.

We will protect America's crown jewels of intellectual property and advanced technologies from harmful foreign investments. I look forward to a productive discussion with the members of Congress here today. To a certain extent, this is a little bit of a celebration meeting, more so than a meeting, John. Right? More than a meeting on the act itself. Because we passed the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act.

But we're very proud of it. It was in the making for years, and we got it done. So I want to very much thank the people in this room. This is really the group that worked so hard to get it. And, Mike, maybe I'd have you start off. We'll go around the room; we'll say a few words about what we've done.

Thank you, Mike.

It's true. That's true. Thank you. Great job you've done. Marco?

Great job, Marco. And I have to tell you that -- and you see it; you brought it up to me the other day -- so our country, since the election, we're up $10 trillion in worth. And unfortunately -- but this is the way it goes -- China, over the last four months, is down about $15 trillion. We have to stop it. We can't allow the things that were happening to happen.

And also, we can't allow just common trade to stay the way it was -- $517 billion in deficits each year. So that's not happening anymore. No, I think we're going to -- and as you see, we're rising very rapidly. We're rising. And people have said to me, it's the first time they've ever seen it where the United States is like a hot country. We used to be a hot country many years ago. but now we're the hot country again.

Everybody wants to be here. Companies are moving in. We want some of these companies to move in also, and they're going to be now protected and we're going to be protected that there won't be theft of high-grade technology. So, thank you, Marco. I appreciate it. John?

Not Russia?

Not Russia?

Well, I think not enough focus has been put on China. And that's been for a long time. And we want to have -- a big focus is on Russia. Not enough focus is on China -- and other countries, frankly. Not just Russia and China; it's many countries we have to watch. And probably individuals also.

But this goes a long way. And I appreciate, very much, your words. It's -- you've done a great job. Thank you very much, John. Steve?

You guys like all those cameras behind your head as you speak? (Laughter.) I'd be very, very -- I'd take a long time in combing my hair if I was going to be in that seat. (Laughter.) It would take a long time. Tom?

Especially the F-22.

And, Tom, you know, we've put a $50 billion number out there. Now, the total number is $250 billion. But of that, $50 billion has to do with technology -- high tech and things. And there's a 25-percent tax on that, now, coming in.

And I think that, economically, also helps us. This is very different, but it also helps us. And people are saying that's already having a big effect. And it is already; we're collecting that money. It's a lot of money. Much of it is being collected. Some of it starts in a week.

But it's a tremendous amount of money coming into the coffers of the United States, which nobody has ever seen that before. Nobody has ever come close to seeing that before, actually. Jeb?

Thank you, Jeb, very much. This is really a great achievement, and I want to thank everybody in the room very much. Great job. Thank you, everybody, very much. Thank you.