Thank you, everybody.  We actually spent some time together, so I didn't mind giving you a second "hello." Not at all. We've known each other a long time. We've been friends for a long time, from the beginning of the campaign. And these are special people. Please, sit down.

Vice President Pence -- thank you very much for joining us, Mike. I also want to recognize Acting Director Homan, who's leaving us. He's been truly a star. And he's leaving. He's retiring. But where is Tom? Is he around here someplace? Tom. Stand up, Tom.

Tom has been doing what he's doing for 34 years and doing it with strength and dedication. And you are really outstanding, and your highly recommended replacement is going to do a great job. We know him well. He's going to do really great. Thank you, Tom, for those years of service.

I also want to thank the incredible ICE Officers, Border Patrol agents, and law enforcement officials who join us here today. If you could stand up, please. These people are also special people.  And they're good-looking people. Aren't they? Huh?  Good-looking people. Thank you very much for being here and for the bravery. What you do and what you endure is incredible.

I also want to stand and have the brave men and women from all over government agencies -- we have a lot -- maybe just raise your hand or stand. But we really appreciate the job that you've done, especially during the last year and a half, because I know you've really put in a lot of extra. So, please. Thank you very much. Thank you.

We're gathered today to hear directly from the American victims of illegal immigration. You know, you hear the other side. You never hear this side. You don't know what's going on. These are the American citizens permanently separated from their loved ones -- the word "permanently" being the word that you have to think about -- "permanently." They're not separated for a day or two days. These are permanently separated, because they were killed by criminal illegal aliens.

These are the families the media ignores. They don't talk about them. Very unfair. We have to look at everybody. But this is a very unfair situation. And I knew that years ago when we would be together out campaigning. And I said, "If this ever happens, we're never forgetting you." You know that, Laura, everybody. Incredible people. And they're dedicated.

These are the stories that Democrats and people that are weak on immigration, they don't want to discuss, they don't want to hear, they don't want to see, they don't want to talk about. No major networks sent cameras to their homes or displayed the images of their incredible loved ones across the nightly news. They don't do that. They don't talk about the death and destruction caused by people that shouldn't be here, people that will continuously get into trouble and do bad things.

For years, their pain was met with silence; their plight was met with indifference. But no more. I told them three years ago when we were together, from day one -- just about day one I would say -- I said, "I hear you, I see you, and I will never let you down." And we've been working together, and their loved ones have not died in vain. We all know that.

We call these brave Americans the Angel Families -- Angel moms, Angel pops. These are the Angel Families. Your loss will not have been in vain. We will secure our borders. And we will make sure that they're properly taken care of eventually. The word will get out. We've got to have a safe country. We're going to have a safe country. And your loved ones are going to be playing and will continue to play a big part in it. You know that, right? You know that.

So here are just a few statistics on the human toll of illegal immigration. According to a 2011 government report, the arrests attached to the criminal alien population included an estimated 25,000 people for homicide, 42,000 for robbery, nearly 70,000 for sex offenses, and nearly 15,000 for kidnapping.

In Texas alone, within the last seven years, more than a quarter million criminal aliens have been arrested and charged with over 600,000 criminal offenses. You don't hear that. I always hear that, "Oh, no, the population is safer than the people that live in the country." You've heard that, fellas. Right? You've heard that. I hear it so much. And I say, "Is that possible?" The answer is it's not true. You hear it's like they're better people than what we have -- than our citizens. It's not true.

In 2016, more than 15,000 Americans died from a heroin overdose. More than 90 percent of the heroin comes from across the southern border. Ninety percent.

As a result of sanctuary city policies, in Fiscal 2017, more than 8,000 criminal aliens -- these are really hardcore criminal aliens -- were in police custody and were released because of our weak laws. Weakest in the world. Weakest in the history of the world.

They were released back into our civilian population. And these gentlemen had to do some of the releasing, and I don't think you were too happy when you knew. Because you knew -- they know better than anybody. You knew what you were releasing. You knew it was trouble. And it often comes back to be trouble.

Where is the media outrage over the catch-and-release policies that allow deadly drugs to pour into our country? Where is the condemnation of the Democrat sanctuary cities that release violent criminals into our communities and then protect them? Like the Mayor of San Diego, when she warned everybody that ICE is coming, and they scattered. A big operation. A very expensive operation.

They were all together. They all scattered. And what are they going to do about looking at her, by the way? I've been asking this question now for four weeks. She can do that? And where is the outcry over the savage gang MS-13 and its bloodthirsty creed, "Kill, Rape, and Control"?

Because the news media has overlooked their stories, I want the American people to hear directly from these families about the pain they have had to endure, losing not only their loved ones -- great people. Great Americans. People that would have been very successful. People that, in some cases, could have been here one day. Could have been here. I know the way you feel. But could have been right here, standing here.

First, I'd like to ask a friend of mine, for now a long time, Laura Wilkerson from Pearland, Texas, to come and share her story about her incredible, incredible boy. Right?

Come on, Laura. Just say a few words.

Thank you, Laura. Next, I'd like to ask Juan Piña from Greenfield, California to speak. Juan, please come up. Thank you. Thank you, Juan.

So Juan fought for many years, and it's hard to believe but that's actually a great feeling.

And you just -- incredible job. Incredible job. Also here with us today is Steve Ronnebeck from Mesa, Arizona. Steve, if you could come up and share a few words, please.

Sixty-three thousand. And that number, they say, is very low because things aren't reported. Sixty-three thousand. And you don't hear about that. Also here with us today is Michelle Root from Modale, Iowa. Great place. Michelle, please come up.

Thank you, darling. Come. Come. Your story is incredible.

This is Tom Selleck.  Except better looking. Right? Better looking.

And I just said, "Would you like to speak?" And you said, "No, I cry too..." -- she said, "I've been crying for too long, for too much." So, that's fine. Right?

That's good. Well, I just want to thank everybody for being here. I know these families. I know many more families that have gone through the same thing. And I cannot imagine it being any worse, but we pledge to act with strength and with resolve, and in the memory of those who have been lost so needlessly.

And it's because of families like yours, that my administration created the new office of DHS -- the Victims of Immigrant Crime Engagement -- which has been doing, I hear, a fantastic job. We call it "VOICE" so that your voices can be heard.

Today, we have released the first VOICE report. Within the first months of VOICE, we've opened more than 2,800 victims registered to receive information on their perpetrator. We're following these people. We're following them so it can't happen again by that individual.

VOICE assisted hundreds of families already, connected them to crucial services such as grief counseling, followed up their cases, and helped ensure that the criminal aliens that harmed their families so egregiously were detained, removed, and deported.

Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We want safety in our country. We want border security. We don't want people in our country that don't go through a process. We want people in our country based on merit. Not based on a draw, where other countries put their absolute worst in a bin and they start drawing people. Do you think they're going to put their good ones? They don't put their good ones. They put their bad ones. And then, when they commit crimes, we're so surprised.

We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. We want safety in our country. We want strong borders. We want people to come in, but we want them to come in the proper way. So thank you all for being here. These are incredible families, incredible people. Your loved ones have not died in vain. Much of what we're doing today is because of what you've had to endure.

And we just thank you all very much for being here. And God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks very much.  Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.