So, good afternoon. This is a very important subject, and it's happening, I think, at a critical time. And this is a very different period than we've experienced. We have to do something about it. We now have to do something. We have to act. We can't wait and play games and nothing gets done.

And I really believe that the people -- this is bipartisan. It's a bipartisan meeting. And we're going to discuss safe schools. And we can really get there, but we have to do it. We don't want to wait two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, and people, sort of, forget. And then we go back on, and then we have another problem. We want to stop the problems from happening.

So as we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, Florida, we're determined to turn our grief into action. I really believe that. I think that the people at this table want it. I mean, I see some folks that don't say nice things about me, and that's okay. Because if you turn that into this energy, I'll love you. I don't care. We're going to be able to do it.

Sadly, these horrible mass shootings are nothing new. I asked for just a list of -- I mean, when you look at Columbine, Colorado, Bill Clinton was President. Virginia Tech -- George Bush. Fort Hood, Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, Pulse Nightclub, and so many more. It's ridiculous.

So today we're here in a bipartisan fashion to show leadership in an effort to end the senseless violence. It could be ended, and it will be ended.

First, we must harden our schools against attack. These include allowing people with a certified training, very talented people, to carry firearms. Now, some people are going to disagree with that, and I understand that. I fully understand that. And if you do, I want you to speak up today and we'll listen.

But 98 percent of all mass shootings in the United States, since 1950, have taken place in gun-free zones, where guns were not inside the school -- or, as an example, you take Pulse Nightclub: If you had one person in that room that could carry a gun and knew how to use it, it wouldn't have happened, or certainly not to the extent it did where he was just in there shooting and shooting and shooting. And they were defenseless.

So just remember that. Ninety-eight percent of all mass public shootings in the United States, since 1950, have taken place in gun-free zones. It's terrible. You've got to have defense, too. You can't just be sitting ducks. And that's exactly what we've allowed people in these buildings and schools to be.

Second, we have to confront mental health. There's never been a case that I've ever seen -- I'm sure everybody would feel the same -- where mental health was so obviously -- 39 different red flags. I mean, everybody was seeing them. The local police, the state police, the FBI, everybody was seeing that this guy was sick and nothing happened.

Third, we have to ensure that when students, educators, family, neighbors -- that when they warn authorities, that the authorities act quickly and decisively, unlike what took place in Florida, which was horrible.

Fourth, we have to pursue commonsense measures that protect the rights of law-abiding Americans while keeping guns. And we have to keep the guns out of the hands of those that pose the threat. And this really includes background checks. And I know, Senator, that you're working on things. Joe, I know you're working. And, I mean, I'm looking at a number of the folks around the table, and you're working on different bills. We have to get them done. We have to get them done.

And they have to be strong. The background checks -- hey, look, I'm the biggest fan of the Second Amendment. Many of you are. I'm a big fan of the NRA. But I had lunch with them -- with Wayne and Chris and David, on Sunday -- and said, "It's time."" We got to stop this nonsense. It's time."

So we've made suggestions to many of you, and I think you're going to put a lot of those suggestions in place. You're going to have your own ideas. Certain ideas sound good, but they're not good. You know, you can harden the site to a level that nobody can get in; the problem is if the shooter is inside -- if he gets in the door and closes the door, we can't get people in. It's going to cost hundreds of millions of dollars all over the country. And we'll have nice hard sites, the door closes, and now we can't get in. We have to send a tractor through the walls. So we have to be careful of that.

And we have to create a culture that cherishes life and human dignity.

So we're going to all sit around, and we're going to come up with some ideas. Hopefully, we can put those ideas in a very bipartisan bill. It would be so beautiful to have one bill that everybody could support as opposed to, you know, 15 bills -- everybody has got their own bill. But if we could have one terrific bill that everybody -- started by the people around this table. Special people. These are the people that seem to be just most interested, very interested, in this problem. And it's a big problem.

So, with that, I think I'd like to start -- maybe I'll ask John, you can start off, and then we'll go back and forth. We'll leave the media for a little while and they can hear some thought.

But it's something that can be done. There's no reason for this. But again, I really believe that those people -- it's idealistic, it's wonderful, it's a beautiful thing -- but if you think that somebody is going to be able to walk into a school, if they feel that they're not going to have bullets coming at them from the other direction, you're never going to solve the problem. I feel that. I feel that. But I'm certainly open to suggestions.

So, John, why don't you start? You've put in your Fix NICS. And let's see how it is, and -- go ahead.

Thank you.

And I'm going to write that out.

Because we can do that with an executive order. I'm going to write the bump stock; essentially, write it out. So you won't have to worry about bump stock. Shortly, that will be gone. We can focus on other things.

Frankly, I don't even know if it would be good in this bill. It's nicer to have a separate piece of paper where it's gone. And we'll have that done pretty quickly. They're working on it right now, the lawyers.

Go ahead.

And, John, Fix NICS has some really good things in it, but it would be nice if we could add everything onto it. And maybe you change the title, all right? The U.S. background check bill or whatever. But your bill is really good and really important having to do with a certain aspect, but maybe we could make it much more comprehensive and have one bill instead of 15 different bills that nobody knows what's happening.

I think you can. Honestly, I think -- look, I really believe this is one of the things where you can actually get the 60 votes and, maybe, easily.

Dianne, do you have something?

Good.

Good. Thank you.

Right.

Okay.

So we'll take a look at it.

I will. I will.

I will. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Chris? Go ahead.

I agree.

But you have a different President now.

You went through a lot of Presidents and you didn't get it done. You have a different President. And I think, maybe, you have a different attitude, too. I think people want to get it done.

I agree. We don't want that.

I like that responsibility, Chris. I really do. I think it's time. It's time that a President stepped up, and we haven't had them. And I'm talking Democrat and Republican Presidents -- they have not stepped up.

And maybe before I call on Marco, I'd like to have Pat Toomey and Joe Manchin. Could you just, sort of, detail your bill? Because I have heard a lot about it, actually.

Can you merge it in?

It's better to have -- one bill is nicer than having seven bills.

Do you have support for that?

Do you have bipartisan support for what you're saying?

And you didn't have a lot of presidential backup?

But that was your problem.

Positives .

What are you doing in the schools?

Or use that as an excuse not to sign it. But Schumer is not proactive in getting a bill signed, in all fairness.

And maybe -- to that bill, if we use that as a base, you could add some of the things that are going to be said in the room or you may not want to. But there are going to be things that are going to be said today that I think will be -- you know, in addition to yours, John, which you can add almost everything, because you know what involves. I think it would be a very positive thing in terms of background checks.

Go ahead.

We could work on that. And we have to do something about the mentally ill not being able to buy a gun. I mean, they have so many checks and balances that, you could be mentally ill, and it takes you six months before you can prohibit him. So we have to do something very decisive.

Number one, you can take the guns away immediately from people that you can adjudge easily are mentally ill, like this guy. You know, the police saw that he was -- the problem, they didn't take any guns away. Now, that could have been policing. I think they should have taken them way anyway, whether they had the right or not.

But I'll tell you this: You have to have very strong provisions for the mentally ill. Now, a lot of people are saying, oh, I shouldn't be saying that. I'll tell you what -- I don't want mentally ill people to be having guns. Marco.

I agree, Marco. Chuck, we have anything?

You'd be great hope, there's no doubt about it.

You're going to be a great help. Thanks, Chuck.

I'd just like to ask Joe and Pat. In your bill, what are you doing about the 18 to 21?

Okay. Are you going to leave that?

So you have a case right now where somebody can buy a handgun at 21. Now, this is not a popular thing to say, in terms of the NRA. But I'm saying it anyway. I'm going to just have to say it. But you can't buy -- I mean, think of it. You can buy a handgun -- you can't buy one; you have to wait until you're 21. But you can buy the kind of weapon used in the school shooting at 18. I think it's something you have to think about.

So -- I'll tell you what, I'm going to give it a lot of consideration. And I'm the one bringing it up. And a lot of people don't even want to bring it up because they're afraid to bring it up.

But you can't buy a handgun at 18, 19, or 20. You have to wait until you're 21. But you can buy the gun, the weapon used in this horrible shooting, at 18.

You are going to decide -- the people in this room, pretty much, are going to decide. But I would give very serious thought to it. I can say that the NRA is opposed to it. And I'm a fan of the NRA. I mean, there's no bigger fan. I'm a big fan of the NRA. They want to do it. These are great people. These are great patriots. They love our country.

But that doesn't mean we have to agree on everything. It doesn't make sense that I have to wait until I'm 21 to get a handgun, but I can get this weapon at 18. I don't know.

So I was just curious as to what you did in your bill.

You know why? Because you're afraid of the NRA, right?

It's a big issue right now. A lot of people are talking about it. But a lot of people are afraid of that issue -- raising the age for that weapon to 21.

I know where you're coming from.

No, I understand that. I think it's a position. It's a position. But I think if we're going to use you as a base, the two of you, I think you're going to have to iron out that problem. Because I'm asked that question more than almost any other question: "Are you going to 21 or not?"" Okay?"

Anybody? Yes, Steve.

Right. True.

And was there offensive firepower on the inside of those facilities so that when the gunman comes in, we have defensive capability? And one other thing -- if he knew there was offensive power inside, of the 14 events, probably none of them would have happened, which is an important point for people to understand.

True.

And they're cowards.

Good. Thank you, Steve.

Good. I like that, and I appreciate that.

The fact is, a lot is up to the states. And that's good. And the states are going to feel differently. Texas, as an example, is very much as to what I'm saying. And you've done very well. You haven't had this problem.

So we have eight states, yeah. And we have another six or seven or eight considering. And that's okay. And you may be different, and you may have a very good thing for your state.

So I don't think the states have to be the same. What does have to be the same are the background checks and all of the data -- whether it's Fix NICS or all of the things that we're going to be adding. That has to be very much the same. You have to be able to share with states and share with localities and all of that.

But I agree with you. I do think this: I think that some states are different. Some states are going to do what Texas does. And some states don't want that program. I think it's a good program. But some states don't want that program.

The reason I like it is that I really believe it's going to prevent it from ever happening. Because they are cowards, and they're not going in when they know they're going to come out dead. They're not going into a school when they know they're going to come out dead.

When you look at this guy in Florida, he walked out with everybody like it was a fire drill. He walked out and he got away. And a policeman did a fantastic job, two towns away. That policeman wasn't given much credit, but he found him, he saw him. And he looked like the description, and he got him. That was a great job.

So you have to give them some credit because this was not the finest day. This man, and probably two or three others, Marco, were not exactly very good. They didn't do their job very well.

But I do agree with what you say.

Amy, please.

Yes, you do. Yes, you do.

It's the best we've ever done, too. By far.

Right.

Big .

So if you could add that to this bill, that would be great. Dianne, if you could add what you have also, and I think you can, into the bill --

Can you do that? Joe, can you do that? Pat? Can you add -- some of the things you're not going to agree with.

Well, no, I'll help. But can you add what Amy and what Dianne have? Can we add them in? And I know you can add what John has.

I would say this: We're going to get it passed. We're going to get it passed. If you can add domestic violence paragraphs, pages into this bill, I'm all for it. I think it's terrific if you can do it. It could be done. That could be done too. Yes.

Yes. Steve.

But, Steve, I do think this -- you know I'm your biggest fan in the whole world, though, right? I think that maybe that bill will someday pass, but it should pass as a separate. If you're going to put concealed carry between states into this bill, we're talking about a whole new ballgame.

And, you know, I'm with you, but let it be a separate bill.

You'll never get this passed. If you add concealed carry to this, you'll never get it passed. Let it be a separate thing.

I don't think -- again, you'll never get it passed. So we want to get something done. But what's your second point?

But I think the people broke down.

If you didn't have those two people --

-- you wouldn't be here --

-- and 25 other people wouldn't be here right now.

Okay, I think that's fine. Can somebody -- Marsha? Yes, go ahead.

And John is working on that. That's part of what we're doing.

In great detail.

By the way, I think that's a very important point. The video games, the movies, the Internet stuff is so violent. It's so incredible. I see it. I get to see things that you wouldn't be -- you'd be amazed at. I have a young -- very young son, who -- I look at some of the things he's watching, and I say, how is that possible?

And this is what kids are watching. And I think you maybe have to take a look at it. You know, you rate movies for different things. Maybe you have to also rate them for terror, for what they're doing and what they're all about.

It's hard to believe that, at least for a percentage -- and maybe it's a small percentage of children -- this doesn't have a negative impact on their thought process. But these things are really violent. Please

Good.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.

Well, we have to. We all -- I mean, yeah, I'm going to lead, but we're all going to lead. We're going to get this done in a bipartisan manner. I'm not even worried about 60 votes. I really believe that 60 votes -- 60 percent, meaning -- should be so easy. It should be 100 percent.

Chris, did you have something to say?

No, I tell you what -- the reason I had lunch with the NRA on Sunday -- I called them; I said, you got to come over. I said, fellas, we got to do something. And they do have great power, I agree with that. They have great power over you people. They have less power over me. I don't need it. What do I need?

But I'll tell you, they are well meaning. And I said to them very nice -- I said, fellas, we got to do something. We can't keep restricting, and we can't keep -- we have to do what's right. When it comes to mental health and other issues, I said, we have to do what's right.

And I'm telling you, I think they're there. I think they're there. Some of you people are petrified of the NRA. You can't be petrified. They want to do what's right, and they're going to do what's right. I really believe that. I think it was a very good lunch.

Yes, sir.

Defenseless, John.

Yeah, defenseless.

So true.

But you're not allowed concealed in a gun-free zone.

So what do you do?

You're the only experienced one here -- maybe.

Great --

They are the most dangerous places, gun-free zones.

It's true.

I just don't think you're going to get it approved. Look, you're not going to get concealed carry approved.

Amy and Dianne and --

-- and a lot of other people -- people they -- they're never going to consider it. But people may consider it, but they're not going to consider it in this bill. All it's going to mean, if you --

As far as I'm concerned, I would. And I would do it with the military.

In fact, I'm looking to get rid of gun-free zones in the military. We have military bases with gun-free zones. And we had five incredible soldiers, three of whom were championship shooters, that were nowhere near their gun, and this whack job walked in and killed all of them. And they were defenseless. And if they had their guns, he would have been gone in a second.

Well, I want to get rid of them on military bases to start, because you know what's happened there.

That's right.

Right.

Yes. Go ahead, Mike.

Or, Mike, take the firearms first and then go to court, because that's another system. Because a lot of times, by the time you go to court, it takes so long to go to court, to get the due process procedures.

I like taking the guns early, like in this crazy man's case that just took place in Florida. He had a lot of firearms. They saw everything. To go to court would have taken a long time. So you could do exactly what you're saying, but take the guns first, go through due process second.

That's right. That's right.

I like that. Marco.

So let me just ask this: Chris and John, are you better off having a one-off bill, or can you merge it into Joe and Pat's bill?

Because I like that much better, having a comprehensive bill. Some people don't like the word "comprehensive" when they talk. I like the word "comprehensive." You know, they say, "Oh, that's a bad word because it represents things." I mean, to me, I like the word "comprehensive." I'd rather have a comprehensive bill.

Can you merge yours into this bill, or would you rather have a separate Fix NICS bill?

You have to act.

But you know what? It would be nice to act. Yeah, but it would really be nice to create something that's beautiful, that works.

And you know the biggest thing, Chris, the biggest surprise to me? Because I've only been doing this for two years, right? Three years now. Time flies. But I've been here for a little more than a year.

What surprises me more than anything else is that nothing has been done for all these years. Because I really see a lot of common ground, whether it's Democrat and Republican. I'm so surprised -- I'm sitting here and I'm saying, you know, there's a lot of commonality here. There's a lot of people that agree with pretty much everything you guys are writing, and that you guys are writing.

I don't understand why this hasn't happened -- for the last 20 years, nothing has happened. So we're going to get it done.

Have to do it. You have to do it, folks.

That's why I think they work together. I like it together better.

But, Joe, you have to fix mental illness. If somebody is mentally ill, right now, they can go out, and they can buy -- you can't take it away. It's ridiculous. You got to fix it. And you're going to fix it. I'm sure you're going to fix it. And I like a merger because I think the merger works out better.

Chuck, were you going to say one thing?

But, actually, Fox News does a very good job, relatively speaking.

But you're right. You're right. No, it's very violent. But the movies are violent and the videos are violent, beyond anything anybody has ever seen before. So I agree.

I agree with that. I agree. Elizabeth.

So why didn't they do something about it when that happened? I look -- I mean, when you at Columbine, you look at so many of these horrible events -- why didn't they do something about it?

Why didn't this group of people, plus others -- and some have gone and some are going to be here --

You know why we are?

Elizabeth, you know why we are? Because a week will go by, another week, another week, another week, and, all of a sudden, people are going to be onto other things. We can't let that happen.

But that's what -- but you know, that's what happened.

I think Congress is going to be fine. I really do. If we can come up with something that's very strong, very heavy with mental illness, very heavy, and everything.

The background checks are so important. People are afraid to do background checks because you're afraid of somebody. And you know what? You're going to be more popular if you do -- if you have a strong, good -- but I don't care who's endorsing you or not endorsing you, you're going to be more popular if that's what you're into.

I'm not into popularity, I'm into getting something done that's good. I don't want to just get it done. We got to get something good that's done. Let's do it properly.

Yes. John, real fast.

That's true.

I would think the NRA would love that.

John, the problem with it is you have a real black market. They don't worry about anything. They don't worry about --

-- anything that you're saying.

They sell a gun, and the buyer doesn't care, and the seller -- and that's one of the problems we all are going to have. And you have that problem with drugs.

You make the drugs illegal, and they come -- well, you've never had a problem like this, we're fighting it hard. But you've never had a problem like this.

So you have the same problem with guns. You have a lot of great people go out and register -- who do all sorts of things -- but you have a black market where they don't even think about registering or -- they're not going to be looking at Joe and Pat's bill, they couldn't care less about it.

And we have to be very strong on that. I think you can have provisions on that, too. Big, big penalties. Strong penalties.

John, you got to finish up.

We've got to be very tough on the black market.

Yes, thank you.

Hard to believe this didn't happen after Pulse. I mean, how bad was Pulse? And nothing happened.

Okay. Thank you very much. Are we -- maybe we'll sum up pretty quickly. Do you want to go really quickly?

Good. Good.

Thank you. Okay. Thank you very much.

So if I could just sum up -- Chris and John, Pat, Joe, maybe you could all get together. You'll start it from that standpoint. Other people, Dianne, you have some very good ideas. We all have -- I think everybody -- Marco, I know you have a lot. Fellas, if you could all get together and we could put it in one great piece of legislation.

Chuck, I think that you're going to have an amazing result in the vote. The votes are hard to get in Congress. That's what's been happening. We're going to have an amazing result. People are going to be shocked to see the numbers. It's not going to be 60, it's going to be way above 60 and it may be a number that nobody would even believe.

People want to see something happen. But they want to see something good happen, too. Not just another piece of -- I mean, you didn't pass anything, let alone some good stuff. We want to pass something great. And to me, something great has to be where you stop it from happening. And I think there's only one way.

But again, if you feel not to have that -- you understand, I want a counter. I want a very strong counterpunch because if you have a strong counterpunch, they're not going in and you're not going to have this problem anymore.

Remember the 98 percent figure. Ninety-eight percent of these attacks, gun-free zones. No backlash. No death to them. Death to everybody else.

But if you four could get together and do something and maybe set the foundation, add to the foundation with some of the great things said -- we're going to have a bill -- Steve, it's very hard to add the one thing that you want. I mean, I will tell you, I'm a fan.

It's -- consider it -- let's consider it for a separate bill.

We'll consider it for a separate bill. But again, we also want things that can be approved. You have to look at the age of 21 --

-- with certain types of weapons. I mean, some people aren't going to like that but you're going to have look at that very seriously.

And I think we're going to have a vote. I think it's going to be a very successful vote, and I will sign it. And I will call whoever you want me to if I like what you're doing. And I think I like what you're doing already. But you can add to it.

But you have to very, very powerful on background checks; don't be shy. Very strong on mentally ill; you have to be very, very strong on that. And don't worry about bump stock, we're getting rid of it, where it'll be out.

I mean, you don't have to complicate the bill by adding another two paragraphs. We're getting rid of it. I'll do that myself because I'm able to. Fortunately, we're able to do that without going through Congress.

So if the four of you could work together and come up with some beautiful foundation. Add and subtract to it, put it for a vote. Let's get it done. That's what we have to do.

What you're going to have to do is discuss it with everybody.  And any solution -- no it's a very complex solution. You do.

You have weapons on the street. That's what we were talking about with black market. These are black market weapons. You know, the problem, Dianne, is that these aren't where you walk into a store and buy. These are where somebody hands you a gun and you hand them some money.

You can.

Well, this is what you're going to have to discuss, Joe --

Yeah. Joe and Pat, you're going to have to discuss that. You'll sit down with Dianne, and everybody else and you'll come up with up something.

And I think it -- I really believe it has to be very strong. I'd rather have you come down on the strong side instead of the weak side. The weak side would be much easier. I'd rather have you come up with a strong, strong bill. And really strong on background checks.

With that, I just -- we'll end it, but I just want to thank everybody. I really believe we're going to -- we're on the road to something terrific. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.