Thank you very much, everybody. You have probably all seen -- otherwise you wouldn't be at the top of your game -- the fact that today's Supreme Court ruling -- just coming out. A tremendous success. A tremendous victory for the American people and for our Constitution. This is a great victory for our Constitution. We have to be tough and we have to be safe, and we have to be secure. At a minimum, we have to make sure that we vet people coming into the country -- we know who's coming in, we know where they're coming from. We just have to know who's coming here.

The ruling shows that all of the attacks from the media and the Democrat politicians are wrong, and they turned out to be very wrong. And what we're looking for, as Republicans, I can tell you, is strong borders, no crime. What the Democrats are looking at is open borders, which will bring tremendous crime. It'll bring MS-13 and lots of others that we don't want to have in our country. It'll bring tremendous crime.

So I will always be defending the sovereignty, the safety, and the security of the American people. That's why I was put here. We're discussing, today, the funding of the wall, which we very much need. We started the wall. We're spending a lot of energy and a lot of time. And started up in San Diego and other places; it's under construction now. We have $1.6 billion.

But we're going to ask for an increase in wall spending so we can finish it quicker. It stops the drugs. It stops people that we don't want to have. And it gives us security and safety.

And with that, if you -- I think we might just take a quick spin around the room, talk to a couple of the folks. And maybe, Senator, I'll ask you, Roy. Do you want to say a couple of words about why we're here and what we're doing?

Good. Thank you. Yes.

Well, we got military taken care of. We had $700 billion for our military. Then, the following year, $716 billion. We had to have it. We all knew it. Nobody at this table loved what we did last time, but we did love the fact that we got more for the military than anybody thought was possible.

We also got $6 billion for the -- if you look at the drug problem and all of the problems that we're having with drugs at every level, we got $6 billion for that, the opioid epidemic, and other things. So that was a good thing. And then we had to, unfortunately, do some things that we didn't want to do. But this time, we don't have to do it. And this time, we're very early.

But we had to get our military funded. And now it's not only funded, it's never been funded that well. So we're very happy about that. Lamar, do you have anything to say?

We just moved ahead. That's right.

You know, Lamar, you mentioned entitlements. We were all set to repeal and replace Obamacare, and then we were very surprised by one gentleman who decided to vote against it after campaigning for it for about 14 years -- or since its inception, I guess, 8 years. But that would have saved about a trillion dollars. That one vote would have saved a trillion dollars.

Now, despite that, we are cutting and we -- you've seen some of the association plans that we've come up.

A great plan.

Right. It's a great plan. And Secretary Azar is coming out with one in two weeks, which is going to be a phenomenal plan. These are plans that won't cost the country anything, and they are fantastic healthcare plans. And I'm glad you got to see that, Lamar. These are really good plans.

And, step by step, we got rid of the individual mandate and Obamacare. But we could have saved a trillion dollars in entitlements with one more vote, and we didn't get that vote. So that's too bad. Steve, do you have something to say?

Steve Daines.

It's a great place. And I'll be there soon. It's a great place. Susan? Susan Collins. Please.

Great.

That's right. And -- which is really starting. We've actually done a lot of infrastructure that nobody knows about. We're doing it in little chops, as opposed to a big bill, which is actually better. It's really -- I think it's a much better way of doing it. Thank you very much, Susan. Thank you. Lindsey? We were together in South Carolina last night. That was an exciting evening. Those were excited people. They must have been excited to see you.

You always , right? You never change. Have you ever changed?

What do you think? Has he changed?  But he's right. Rodney?

Good. Thank you very much. Senator, how is ANWR doing? Okay?

That's good, I hear.

And how's our beautiful little road doing in Alaska?

But it's almost ready.

Good. This was a road that was -- I guess it's been -- they've been trying to build it for 30 years. We're going to get it done very quickly. It's almost completed. So they're almost through.

Yeah, many years. But we're going to get it done. I'd say within the next couple of months it will be complete, and they can go ahead and build. And you'll have a good, safe road, which they've wanted for a long time. Any statements on this --

It's been a very terrific group of people to work with. I have to say that. It's not -- we're not finished. But it's been a great group of people. Mario.

Thank you very much, Mario. Scott, anything?

Got the cameras going this way.  move a little.

Thank you, Scott. Appreciate it very much.

And we agree. We all agree. Robert?

That's true.

And we're sticking around in August, right?

We're sticking around in August. So a lot of work is going to be done in August, hopefully. But we've made a lot of progress. Where's Roy?

Well, that could be possible. But we have to get some appointments done. We have to. Tom?

We'll see if we can do that.

Well, it would be nice if we could work better with the Democrats, if they could work better with us. And we'll see what we can do. Because really -- you know, their whole campaign is based around "resist" -- the word "resist." And ours is based around getting things done -- the proper things.

And you know, the reason I am so happy with, if you look at omnibus, we all hated it in one way. But really, in another way, it was a miracle that for years we've been hearing about our military. And when do we need a stronger military than now? We have to have it. Hopefully we'll never use it. But if you don't have it, that's when you're going to have to use it.

Well, I just have to say, you know, getting VA Accountability approved last year, getting VA Choice -- nobody thought that would ever happen. That's been looked at for what, 30 years? Thirty-five years? VA Choice where you can't -- you're in a line and it's a long line, and you go see a doctor. And we pay for the doctor for our veterans -- our great veterans. And it's less expensive. You have people standing in line so long that, literally, they have a minor problem and ends up being terminal because they can't even get to see a doctor. Those days are over.

So nobody thought we were going to get VA Accountability. Nobody thought we were going to get VA Choice. That's been talked about for many years -- 35 years -- and it never happened. And now we have it. So it's all good stuff.

Fellas, go ahead.

There's been a lot of teamwork. There really has. There's been great teamwork. Not perfect agreement, but pretty, pretty good. I'd say pretty good. We're going to ask for some additional money for the wall and border security, and I think it's probably deserved. But we need border security. We have to have it. And we're going to run on border security. They're going to run on open borders, and nobody wants open borders. Please.

Well, thank you. And even the fentanyl now is coming -- it used to come directly here and now the fentanyl is coming through Mexico too. So we're going to close up that border. We're going to do what we have to do. Everybody understands it. Martha?

Thank you very much. Thank you, Martha. I'd like to hear what you have to say.

Thank you.

Well, thank you, Kevin, very much. And one of the things that's very important is Right to Try. We have these incredible drugs that won't be approved for two or three or four years and people would have to leave the country -- if they had the money, most of them didn't have the money so they had no hope. They had no hope at all.

And now you have the right to try where we can take some of these experimental drugs -- people that are terminally ill -- and we're able to use them. It's an incredible program. It took 30 years -- 35 years.

It's an incredible -- I would have said that that would have been an easy one to get done. A person that's terminally ill and they didn't want to give them a drug or some kind of a cure -- a potential cure -- because maybe it will hurt the person. But the person is terminally ill. And this went on. And the complication was insurance companies and the pharmaceutical companies and they don't want it on the records and the whole thing. Anyway, we got it approved. Congress and the Senate, they did incredible jobs. Everybody worked very hard on that. That was very important. And Shelley, just one thing, in West Virginia, we've made a lot of progress with opioid.

That was a -- that's been a big problem for West Virginia.

Special people. And I hear we've really made a big -- a big dent.

She has.

Well, I think it's important to the Republicans. I'm not sure that it's very important to the Democrats. And hopefully it will become more important.

And we'll be able to do something. Tom?

Good.

And, you know, I'd like you to take a look at the penny plan, because, as small as it sounds, it's a very effective plan over a five-year period. If you can cut one penny out of a dollar and then the next year another penny out of a dollar. And I can't imagine these great Secretaries that we have can't cut a little bit. But I would like you to look at that --

-- if that's possible. Maybe, Mick, you can take a look at it.

Anything to say?

That's all we need. Border security. We need to get going. A lot of bad things are happening and I think we're doing it incredibly well. We have no tools. We have bad laws. We have the worst immigration laws in the history of the world, okay? It's a joke. People can't believe it. Other countries look at us and they say, "How is that possible?" Somebody touches our land, we now take them to a court, to a judge.

They want us to choose 5,000 judges. How do you choose 5,000 judges? Can you imagine the corruption just from a normal standpoint? Just common sense. Can you imagine the corruption?

Go to the barbershop. Grab somebody. Make them a judge. Everybody is being made a judge. They want 5,000 judges more. It's crazy. Other countries it's called, "I'm sorry. You can't come in. You have to leave." This one, we have judges. If they step on our land, we have judges. It's insane. So we're going to have to change our whole immigration policy.

And I was saying last night, in South Carolina, when I came in, I inherited some things. We inherited North Korea, that's going really well. We inherited horrible trade deals, that's going really well. Nobody knows what's happening behind the scenes. But these companies -- countries that have been really -- they can't even -- I don't blame them, I blame our people. But they have just been ripping us for years. And they want to negotiate so badly, you have no idea.

We inherited a lot of different things, but of all of them, immigration makes the least sense. It is a hodgepodge of laws that have been put together over years. And we have to change it. It's so simple. It's called, "I'm sorry, you can't come in. You have to go in through a legal process." You don't have to see a judge where the judge is going to take three years before you can come back. In the meantime, you never come back because you're already in the country. You're someplace in the country. And that would be bad, but it's really bad when it's a criminal.

But it's really bad when it's a criminal. And we have plenty of them coming into the country this way. And they use the children. They use these young children for their own benefit. So we have to change the whole immigration picture. And we'll be able to do it. We need the border wall. We need the border. We need border security and we need modern equipment. And we'll get it done, I have no doubt. Anybody else would like to say something? Anybody? Are we okay? We'll let these guys go out and have lunch?

Harley-Davidson, John, was going to do that. They announced it earlier this year. So Harley-Davidson is using that as an excuse, and I don't like that because I've been very good to Harley-Davidson. And they used it as an excuse. And I think the people that ride Harleys are not happy with Harley-Davidson, and I wouldn't be either.

But mostly, companies are coming back to our country. I was the one that explained to Harley about 100 percent tax in India, where they had a tariff of 100 percent, and I got it down to a much lower number. I think it's 50 percent, which is far too much. But they were paying 100 percent tariff. Now Prime Minister Modi brought it way down, but it's still way too high.

No, I will say this, John: Other countries are negotiating. And without tariffs, you could never do that. And if they don't want to negotiate, then we'll do the tariffs. And just remember, we're the bank. We're the bank that everybody wants to steal from and plunder. And it can't be that way anymore. We lost $500 billion last year with China. We lost $151 billion with the European Union, which puts up trade barriers so that our farmers can't trade. We can't send farm products in, for the most part. It's very hard to send cars in.

We have countries where -- as an example, India, they charge up as much as 100 percent tariff. We want the tariffs removed. What I would like to do, and what I offered at the G7, you remember -- I said, "Let's drop all tariffs and all barriers. Is everyone okay with that?" And nobody said yes. I said, "Wait a minute, folks, you're complaining." No tariffs and no barriers; you're on your own. Let's do it. And it was like they couldn't leave the room fast enough.

Well, first of all, we're so high up -- we're so high up, we picked up forty -- if you look at the kind of numbers we picked up, it's up almost 40 percent, the market. And that's not -- the real market is the overall. And the overall is up much more than that. But we've picked up about $8 trillion in value doing what we're doing.

Now, we've got a little bit of uncertainty because of trade. To me, there's no uncertainty. And to other people that happen to be smart, there's no uncertainty. But we can't allow the European Union to take out $151 billion out of the United States. We can't allow Mexico to have a NAFTA deal that gives them over $100 billion. And I call it profit. You know, you can divide that up any way you want to do it. I call it profit.

We can't allow Mexico to take $100 billion. We can't give China anywhere from $375  to $100  to $500 . It's $375  -- some people, depending on your formula -- $375 billion. It could be $504 billion. It's a tremendous amount of money being taken out of our economy. But we have to straighten it out.

Now, what's happening, we put steel tariffs on. Our steel industry is going through the roof. U.S. Steel just announced they're expanding or building six new facilities. Last night, in South Carolina -- right? Go ahead. Georgetown Steel. The factory has been closed, the plant has been closed -- how long, Lindsey?

Right. Solar panels -- we put tariffs on solar panels -- 30 percent. They were all being made in China. We had 32 different factories. Now they're starting to open again, plants -- new plants -- because solar is pretty new technology. We had 32. We had two that were open. Everyone else was closed because of what happened and what came in from other places, in particular China. And now we have seven that are opening and many more are considered to be. And the two that were dying, they were going to close -- they're thriving right now.

Washing machines -- they were being dumped all over the country. Not good ones, by the way; ones that didn't work really well. And now they're opening up washing machines. We put a 30 percent tariff on.

So tariffs can be a very positive thing. You know, in the old days, when we had tariffs, we didn't have income tax. When people wanted to come in -- if you look at the days of McKinley and some others, when people wanted to come in, they had to pay a price. When they want to come in and raid our Treasury, they had to pay a price. We didn't have income tax. You didn't need income tax. We didn't have debt.

So we're doing this. I will say, in every instance, every country -- any country that you can mention -- has been extremely nice, even -- less to the media, probably -- but extremely nice; they want to negotiate a deal. So -- and we're open to that. We're open to that. But it's going to be very strong.

We are putting on tariffs on certain industries. We can't lose our steel industry. Our steel industry was ready to go out of business. It was at the bottom. Our aluminum industry was ready to go out of business. Now, the steel industry is thriving. Think of it: United States Steel, first time in 35 years, they're actually expanding; it's going up. They're building new places. Georgetown Steel -- closed for three or four years -- they announced yesterday they're opening up their plant. It's been closed for four years, I think they said, in South Carolina.

No, we're doing the right thing, 100 percent. And, you know, you have them on both sides. Some people agree, some people don't agree. The bottom line is, countries are coming back now to negotiate, including European Union wants to negotiate. Because if they don't, we're going to tax their cars. They send Mercedes in. They send BMWs in. They pay almost no tax. When we send cars to the European Union, they charge us a tremendous tax, five times greater than what we charge them.

But more importantly, they don't want our cars. They have a barrier. We don't want your cars. But if you do get it in, you're going to pay a tax. With China -- with China, if we send a car to China, they charge us a 25 percent tax. So we make a car, we send it to China, we want to compete. That's not free trade. That's stupid trade. So we send 25 percent tax. When they make a car in China, and they send it here, we charge them 2.5 percent. Okay. So we get 2.5 percent; China gets 25 percent. That's not fair. That's not free. That's just stupid.

Well, it's not just Chinese. It's we don't want people coming in -- hey, look, we are a very smart country. We have the most incredible people in Silicon Valley. We don't want China and other countries -- it's not necessarily particularly -- because they covered it incorrectly. They had either a leaker that doesn't exist or a leaker that didn't know his business very well. But they gave it to Bloomberg and they gave it to, I believe, the Wall Street Journal.

And it was either a bad leak by somebody that didn't know, but probably they just made up the story; there was no leaker. Long term -- I'm not sure if my political friends would agree, but I think a lot of leaks aren't leaks; they're made up by the writers. They don't exist, the leak. But this was a leak that was just off.

We want to have our jewels. Those are our great jewels. That's like United States Steel from 70 years ago, these companies. We have to protect these companies. We can't let people steal that technology. We have the greatest technology in the world. People copy it and they steal it. But we have the great scientists, we have the great brains. And we have to protect that, and we're going to protect it. And that's what we were doing. And that can be done through CFIUS. We have a lot of things we can do it through. And we're working that out.

But the bottom line is, we have charged a very substantial tax to some people. They are coming back to negotiate. And, frankly, if they don't negotiate, I'm okay with that because I'd rather get the tax. Okay, any other questions?

So the Supreme Court ruling was a tremendous victory for this country and for the Constitution. The Supreme Court ruling was a tremendous victory for our Constitution.

Of course. What do you think? I wouldn't go ahead with it?

We have to find a system where you don't need thousands of judges sitting at a border. Other countries look at us and they think we're crazy. They say, what kind of a thing is that? They have countries where they have no problem with people pouring in. And you have countries where people do want to go in.

And if you look at the European Union, they're meeting right now to toughen up their immigration policies because they've been overrun. They have been overrun. And, frankly, a lot of those countries are not the same places anymore. And I'm sad to say it, and I said that at the G7: They are not the same places.

But we had a tremendous victory today and we greatly appreciate it. We needed it as a country. That was a big victory for -- and I can tell you, everyone at this table is very happy about it -- but that was a big victory for our country. Okay?

Well, I think it's pretty much the final word. It's the Supreme Court. You know, we went up, and we'd win it, we'd lose it. We're -- we just waited for the Supreme Court. Yeah, that's the final word. That Supreme Court.

Now, do I want to go in with a different one and maybe a different variety? I don't think there's any reason. It's a very strong victory. Very strong.

Well, we're spending $1.6 billion now. There's a plan for another $1.6 billion, but I'd like to ask this room if we could increase it. I think in light of what's happened with the drugs, with the human smuggling, with all of the problems, we have to have the wall. We have to have to have the wall. You know, you -- in the walls you have ports of entry. You have ports of entry. That's where people come through. And they can come through legally.

And by the way, I want people to come into our country because our country is doing so well. And we have companies moving into our country, like, at numbers that nobody has seen in a long time. We need workers. So I want people to come in. They have to come in through the merit system though. They have to come in so that they can help our country and these companies.

In Wisconsin, you have Foxconn -- one of the great companies of the world. They make the laptop for Apple, and iPhones, and -- a lot of it. And they're building a tremendous plant right now in Wisconsin. They need workers. I have to let people come in. But they have to come in through a merit. They have to be people that can love our country and help our country. Okay? Thank you all very much.

No, no, we'll see. We'll see. Thank you all very much. Thank you.