A lot of power around this table. It's very impressive. I am honored to be joined today by top law enforcement officials, members of Congress, Secretary Nielsen, Attorney General Sessions, to discuss the threat of the very lawless, in many cases, sanctuary cities. They're causing a lot of problems for this country.

Sanctuary cities release thousands of criminal aliens out of our prisons and jails and back into our communities. They go into those sanctuary cities when they see them; they go there because they feel they're safe. And in many cases, they are very bad actors. We have gang members; we have predators, rapists, killers. A lot of bad people.

To underscore the scope of that threat we face, last year alone, ICE arrested illegal immigrants with 48,000 charges or convictions for assault; 11,000 for sex crimes; 1,800 for killing people and other homicide-related offenses. And we have offenses that are so great we're not even going to talk about them right now. They are so great.

Last September, an illegal immigrant was arrested by San Francisco Police for spousal abuse. ICE filed a detainer on the individual, but the detainer was denied and the alien was released. Less than 10 days later, the same illegal immigrant was arrested for murder. Many cases like that.

In another case, an alleged illegal gang member was arrested by the San Francisco Police Department more than 10 times between 2013 and 2017 for charges including domestic battery, assault, theft, and rape.

But San Francisco refused to cooperate with ICE. You know that very well, don't you, Tom? You have a lot of problems with that. And he kept getting released. Over and over again, he was released. Sanctuary cities and states like California put innocent Americans at the mercy of hardened criminals, hardened murderers, in many cases.

Yet House and Senate Democrats voted nearly unanimously in favor of sanctuary cities. Explain that. We're looking to have safe cities, folks. Safe cities. They're also blocking the bed space we need on the omnibus to stop catch and release. Catch and release. We catch a killer, we have to release him. We need the extra beds so that we don't have to release him. Bed space is very important. It's being negotiated right now.

Democrats' priority is to protect criminals, not to do what's right for our country. My priority and the priority of my administration is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States.

So we have tremendous people around this table, people that know what's happening, know what's going on.

And maybe, Tom, I'd like to start with you. You could say a few words quickly, and we'll go around the table.Thank you very much.

Thank you. Great job you've done, Tom. Not easy, but a great job.

It could be a lot easier if we had laws that allowed you -- like, we get rid of catch and release and some of the others. That would make your job a lot easier wouldn't it?

So, Mary Ann, we've been friends for a long time.

How's it going?

Maybe just say a few words?

I got it, Mary. We're with you. I never heard the number 63,000 people killed by illegal immigrants. Is that a known figure? Is that an acknowledged --

Sixty-three thousand people?

Since 9/11? Boy. That is some number. I've never heard that number before. That's an incredible number. Thank you, Mary Ann. Appreciate it very much.

Please.

Thank you. And, frankly, what's happening in Chicago is ridiculous. It's absolutely ridiculous. It should never happen.Scott.

Absolutely right, Scott. Thank you very much.

Leslie?

Done a great job.

Great job this morning, too. I watched you.

Chuck.

Thank you, Chuck.

And you're a 100 percent right. Thank you very much.

Michael?

What is the word as of this moment? What's happening?

I agree with you 100 percent, Michael. Thank you. It's a great job you're doing, too.Jeff.

Great. Thank you very much.Tom.

So right. Thank you very much, Tom. Appreciate it.Ken.

Good.

Well, Texas has really been at the forefront. They've done a great job. Your governor has done an incredible job, as have you. And we appreciate it very much, Ken.

Thank you. Terrific job.

Pat.

It is rather incredible.

Are you saying that you don't like the filibuster rule, by any chance?  Is that what you're trying to tell us?

It is, indeed. Isn't it?

That's another one that's hard to believe. All right, thank you very much, Pat. Appreciate it. Mark.

Thank you very much, Mark. You're right, 100 percent.Martha.

Thanks, Martha. Good job. You've been doing really well too, by the way.

That's the word.

That's very good. Sheriff.

Thank you very much, Butch. Appreciate it. We'll get there. Justin.

Thank you very much, Justin.

Secretary, you're working hard.

And we're making a lot of progress.

But we're going to make a lot more in a very short period of time. Go ahead.

Thank you very much, Secretary.

We're making a lot of progress and we're going to go at it even faster clip. We're working very hard and spending a lot of money. Unfortunately, we have to spend the money, but we are moving along. We're working on federal legislation.

Pat, you're working. I know Mark, you're working very hard on this. And Tom is one of the leaders. This is a real problem. So we very much appreciate it. Michael, also, your professionalism has been incredible during this period of time. So we really get it.

And, Jeff, I will say, the level of strength of the Justice Department on this issue and on other border issues has been fantastic. So we appreciate it very much.

We're going to win it. It should be easy, but it's not. Nothing is easy. This should be easy. Why it's difficult? Because it's almost like common sense. Sometimes you understand, and usually, when you have an opponent, you understand the other side. You know, you get it. You may disagree but you get it.

This is something I don't think anybody in this room can even understand when it comes to the other side. It's so basic. It's called law and order and safety. And we're going to have it in our country.

So I want to thank everybody around the table. Very much appreciate it. And we will win on this issue. Sanctuary cities are dangerous. And we're going to take care of the problem. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.