Well, thank you very much. And again, this is our second stop and this is incredible. We're in Malibu -- and a certain section of Malibu that was lovely. You don't get much better than this. And you see the devastation. I guess a total, you said, of -- what would you say, over 100,000 --

-- over 100,000 acres, which is a tremendous amount of land. You know, 100,000 acres -- people can't envision what that is. It's a tremendous piece of land. And it's devastating to see it. I have to say, the government officials have done an incredible job. When you look at this devastation and, I guess, at this moment, there are -- in this area, there are three deaths so far.

Three deaths. That's pretty incredible. It's horrible, but it's also pretty incredible -- the job they've done. They evacuated very early and they took a lot of heat and they made the right decision. So I congratulate you on that because that's a lot of political pressure on not having to do it because nobody thinks this is going to happen.

They're all unhappy, but now they're very happy that they left. So that's a great decision. Law enforcement, again; first responders; the military really helped a lot in both sites that we visited today. And, of course, FEMA and Brock. I think Brock has done a great job. Done a great job. So maybe I'd ask you to say a few words, Brock.

Brock Long of FEMA.

The towns and everyplace we've visited -- I see and I've asked the question -- they're all going to do an expedited rebuild -- meaning the permits are going to come a lot faster than would normally be the case. Actually this is an area where it's pretty tough to get permits, and I know they're going to go very fast with expediting and get it rebuilt and redone.

And that's a great thing. That will make things happen a lot faster. Jerry, would you like to say something?

That's right. That's true. Okay, 100 percent. We'll get it -- we'll get it going. Would you like to say something?

Good. Chief?

Thank you, Chief. Fellas?

Thank you.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Well, thank you, Peter, and all. You've done such a great job. And you mentioned the shootings. And we're now going over to see some of the families of the victims and the first responders and the police and the law enforcement. Generally, the job they've done is really incredible. Brave.

First one in that door. Right. First one in that door. He took --

Yeah. That's so -- it's a beautiful memorial.

But so we're going to go over and see them and maybe you're going to be joining us. But we really appreciate. Great job.

And thank you all.

Thank you very much.

Well, I think it's just a horrible thing and it's been going on for a long time. And I think we're going to come up with some plans and methods and mitigation. We're going to have some great success. It's something we can work on -- do much better. I really believe -- I'm a strong believer -- a lot of cities are in forests -- if you look at Europe and other places.

We have a lot of forest states, where they're mostly forests, and they just don't have this problem. California is a very unique place. And it's got some very unique leadership and some great leadership. And we're going to be working with the leadership -- working with Gavin now, for the most part. And I think we're going to come to some pretty good conclusions and maybe, more importantly, some real solutions to a problem that is a very, very big problem.

Because every year, especially at a certain time of the year, you just turn on and it's automatic that you have these massive forest -- I mean, these are massive fires. Now, in this case, when you look at where we just left, you're talking about tremendous numbers of death. And here, we had three, I guess.

At a minimum, three. That's too much.

So we're going to work on a lot of means of mitigation and solving a problem that's been a big problem for decades -- long before Jerry, long before Gavin, long before all of us. I mean, this has been going on too long. And I think we can come up with some really great solutions. And other questions?

Yeah, it can be, but it's very nice when we all get together.

Yeah.

Well, I think we've developed a very good relationship. I've known Jerry for a long time, but I think we got closer today than we could ever get over the last 20 years. And Gavin I've just met and I've heard terrific things, and I think we've developed a great relationship. We have to work together. This is a very big problem and we have to solve this problem.

And I know that we're going to work together. I have no doubt. Come here. I have no doubt, right?  We're going to get it done. We have really an obligation.

I think we have an obligation.

We don't really have a choice. We have to get it done.

And we're going to be working together very closely.

Yeah.

Well, we'll be looking at everything. I mean, it is land management and it's forest management, really, is what you mean. But we're going to be looking at every factor. And we're going to get to the bottom of it. And I think we can do it fairly quickly. I really do. We'll take the areas that are most exposed to the problem and we'll work on that first.

And you know what they are. You probably know what they are right now. But here's an example.

But we're going to come up with some really good solutions. Jennifer, did you have something?

Well, I think we have similarities in many ways. And, you know, one real similarity is we both want to come to the right conclusion. And I know I get there, and I know he gets there. And the right conclusion here is to get these forest fires to stop because I really think there's a way of doing that. And we don't want to turn on every year -- at a certain time, you turn on and it's almost expected.

And you're watching from New York or you're watching from Washington, D.C. and you don't really see the gravity of it. I mean, as big as they look on the tube, you don't see what's going on until you come here. And what we saw at Pleasure -- what a name -- right now.

But when -- what we just saw -- we just left Pleasure --

-- or Paradise -- and what we just saw at Paradise is just, you know, it's just not acceptable. You just --

So we're putting in the farm bill, $500 million. And when you look at that and, you know, when you look at the combination of the two, between Malibu and other places -- I mean, not just the two; it's other places -- it sounds like a lot of money. It's not that much money. The state will contribute. We're all going to contribute.

We're going to get it taken care of. I mean we saw a sight -- and don't forget there are hundreds of people that still aren't accounted for. And that's a tough -- that's a tough situation. Now hopefully they're with their relatives and there won't be a problem, but certainly there will be some that are just be not accounted for.

So we're going to spend the money that -- it's necessary. Is it a -- great, great people that live here and it's unfair to put them through this so often. And Gavin knows that and Jerry knows that. We all know that. All of these folks know it and they've done a fantastic job. They really have. I mean, you have done, from the law enforcement standpoint, fire and fire prevention standpoint, what you've done is incredible.

And they really held it back. This could have been far worse. And I don't know if you know, but they're still putting out this fire. This fire in another section. How is that going by the way?

So in Paradise they have a section that's going absolutely wild right now with additional fire. And just by looking, Jerry, at the map, that's a very vibrant forest that it's right next to.

And they have to -- you know, they're out there fighting. As we're talking here, they're throwing water, they're doing everything you can do. There are a tremendous numbers of very brave people. And if those winds change, you know what can happen? Those people are in big trouble. So you take a look at what's going on there and you take a look at this because right now, as we're speaking, that's happening.

And are you going to be successful in -- do you have winds coming? How long will it take to put out the rest of the fire?

Yeah, this is -- this is good.

Well, we're sending a lot of extra people to Paradise. They're going -- I mean, literally, as we speak, we have massive numbers of people going up there. We have large numbers of people coming here. You have -- seem to have it very much under control. Right now the wind has stopped and I assume that's a very good thing, but the wind has stopped.

But one of the problems you had, especially in Paradise, the problem you had was the wind. The wind was -- I mean, they say 70 or 80 miles an hour. That's pretty tough. Okay, any other questions?

Yes I did.

Yeah, I did. I spoke with our CIA Director who's terrific and very knowledgeable and been studying this very closely. And it's a horrible thing that took place -- the killing of a journalist. A very, very bad situation. Khashoggi. And somebody who was respected. It should never have happened. And we'll be having a very full report of the next two days.

Probably Monday or Tuesday, we'll have a very full report.

They haven't assessed anything yet. It's too early; that was very premature report. But that's possible. We're going to see. But we're going to have a report on Tuesday and it will be very complete. In the meantime, we're doing things to some people that we know for a fact were involved. And we're being very tough on a lot of people.

We're going to come up a report as to what we think the overall impact was and who caused it and who did it. You're talking about a killing. We're not talking about anything else. We're talking about a killing. So who did it?

Well, we're going to see them right now. We're going to see them now.

Well, I'll tell you what, we'll be talking to you in a little while but we're going to see the families right now. And I hear they've been incredible. The families, the way they've handled it has been -- that was a horrible, horrible event in a great area. An area that's one of the most --

-- safest places, right?

I was reading it, it's like the safest place in America and it happened there. So we're going to see those families right now and we'll see you back over at the airport. Okay? Thank you all very much.