Well, thank you very much for being here at today's Cabinet meeting. I have just returned from a very historic trip to Europe, where we've made incredible progress toward achieving greater peace, security, and prosperity for America, for our allies, and, in fact, for the entire world.

The meetings with NATO, the United Kingdom, and with Russia were a tremendous success. And I think you will see that, and it will play out over a period of years, frankly. But they were a tremendous success.

At home, our economy is thriving and booming like, I would say, never before. People are looking, and they're trying to find times. And there's never been a time like this.

We've created more than 3.6 million jobs since the election. We are in the longest positive job growth streak in history -- in the history of our country, or at least on record. Unemployment has fallen for every demographic group -- every single group. African American unemployment has reached its lowest levels by far, in history. Hispanic unemployment is at its lowest levels in history. Asian unemployment is at its lowest level in history. Women's unemployment is at the lowest level in 65 years. So those are tremendous numbers.

The consumer and business optimism polls have reached the all-time highs -- highest number ever recorded. In today's meeting, we will focus on a very important issue: workforce training, as part of our commitment to buy American, hire American, and, frankly, to make America great again.

I'm going to, pretty soon, have to take that word again out, because we are moving at a level that few people would have ever thought possible, including job numbers and growth. And some big numbers have come out already, and I guess numbers will be coming out over the coming weeks. And I would expect they would be very, very good. I always talk about growth; growth solves a lot of difficulties, a lot of problems. And you see that happening.

We will hear from Ivanka, from Secretary Acosta, Secretary Ross, Secretary DeVos, and Administator McMahon about important actions we're taking in partnership with the private sector and state and local governments to expand vocational education, career and technical training, and on-the-job training.

And the reason we're doing this is that so many companies are moving back to the United States, like nobody ever thought possible. And we need people. We need trained people. We need people that know trades. And we're starting a very intensive program of training people, so that when these companies, these great companies, come back into the country -- many of them left years ago; they're coming back now because of what we're doing. Whether it be the regulations or the massive tax cuts, they're coming back -- and it means jobs. And that's why the unemployment numbers are so good. And you've seen nothing yet.

So we need people to really be able to take these jobs. That will have a positive impact, even on immigration. And we need people to come in on a merit basis, because we have to be able to provide jobs. We have to be able to provide the people, that are running these massive companies, with labor.

So, tomorrow, I'll be making a big announcement about workforce training initiatives, which aims to give every American citizen an opportunity to achieve their American Dream. I want to have choice, just like we have now with the veterans, all approved, which nobody thought would be possible.

The vets now, instead of standing on line for two weeks or one week or three months, they can go out and see a doctor, and we pay for it, and it turns out to be much less expensive. And they are loving it. Nobody thought it was possible to get that.

So I want -- also, I want choice for workers, so that if they don't like their job, they can go get another job. And they'll find one that they really love, and they'll love getting up in the morning and going to work. So that's what we're working on.

Tremendous numbers of companies are coming back into our country. Tremendous dollars are coming back. We have hundreds of billions of dollars are pouring back into our country because of our tax cuts and reform.

We're allowing these big companies that have billions of dollars offshore to bring that money back into our country. Before we had the bill passed on tax cuts and reform, it was virtually impossible to get money brought back into our country.

Now you look at Apple; I believe they're bringing in about $250 billion, and they're putting that to work in the United States. Other companies are, likewise, bringing in billions and billions of dollars. So we've never seen anything like this before.

I think, ultimately, that number could be $4 trillion. So these are not numbers that anybody has ever even heard of or would ever be familiar with, because it never happened before. But it's happening under the Trump administration.

And with that, I'd like my daughter Ivanka to start. This has been a very important issue -- women's issue and this issue -- two issues. Any woman's issue is very important to Ivanka, and the issue of workplace employment and jobs and training has been, really, at the top of her list. So, Ivanka, could you say a few words, please?

I'll ask the press: Would you like to stay, or would you like to leave?

Ah. I'm shocked to hear.

Well, thank you very much. Wow. So if that were Ivanka Smith, the press would say, "That was totally brilliant" --  -- "we've never seen anything like that."

As Ivanka Trump, they'll say, "Eh, she was okay."  That was great.

That was really great. Unbelievable.

I just wanted to tell you that we have had very good sessions with Mexico and with the new President of Mexico who won overwhelmingly. And we're doing really well on our trade agreement. So we'll see what happens. We may do it separately with Mexico, and we'll negotiate with Canada at a later time. But we're having very good discussions with Mexico.

On July 25th, the leaders of the European Union will be coming to see us at the White House. And as you know -- I've made no bones about it -- they have massive trade barriers where our farmers can't sell there, for the most part.

They have other barriers on cars and lots of other things, even medical equipment where it's very, very difficult to sell into the European Union. And they're going to be coming on July 25th to negotiate with us.

We said if we don't negotiate something fair, then we have tremendous retribution, which we don't want to use, but we have tremendous powers. We have to. Including cars. Cars is the big one. And you know what we're talking about with respect to cars and tariffs on cars. And they know better than you do. They know better than all of us do what that means.

So they're going to come and they're going to try and negotiate a deal. We have very good relationships with Jean-Claude and Donald -- all of them. But they're going to be coming to the White House on July 25th. So that will be very interesting to see what happens.

But Mexico is coming along very well. We've had really, really good discussions with them. And I think we can say that's pretty far advanced. It's getting closer all the time. Okay?

With that, I'd like to ask Secretary Acosta to take over the stage and say a few words. Mr. Secretary. You're doing a fantastic job, by the way --

-- in case nobody has told you that.

Great.

Well, that's really fantastic. Could you maybe discuss, for just a moment -- people coming out of prisons over the years have just been absolutely -- they've had such a problem getting jobs. And now, for the first time, maybe, ever -- and, to a large extent, it's because of the job we've done in creating all of this enthusiasm in the great economy -- people are hiring people out of prison, and they're loving it.

They're -- I'm hearing from -- in one case, a friend of mine hired 10 people. And of the 10 people -- he didn't give me the exact number, but I will tell you, he said, "These are incredible people." And it's all because of the economy that he did it because he was having a hard time getting somebody.

So would you explain a little bit about what's going on there? Because it's such a big topic, and it affects so many people. And they have that aura that people did not like. And all of the sudden, for the first chance, people -- first time, really, people coming out of prison are able to get jobs and really have a very productive time for them and their families. So you might want to explain that.

Yeah. Well, there's never been a time like this for people coming out of prison getting jobs. There's never been anything close. And so the economy is turning out to be our best friend. So it's really good.

Now, did you ever have so many cameras shooting you from the back? And I'm watching you, and I'm saying, "Thank goodness he's got a beautiful head of hair."

You did a great job. You're doing a great job.

And we appreciate it. Secretary Ross.

Thank you, Wilbur. That's very good.

I thought I'd ask Secretary of State Pompeo to give us a little talk on some of our most recent activities. And maybe you could also touch on North Korea just for a couple of minutes, Mike, if you don't mind.

Fine.

Great job, Mike. Thank you very much. Betsy, go ahead.

Thank you very much, Betsy.

Secretary Azar, could you maybe just spend a little time on talking about what we're doing about drug pricing?

That's great. And Pfizer, as you know, had a major drug price increase. And we spoke to them -- and I have great respect for the company and for its leader -- and they rolled it back to zero. And we very much appreciate what Pfizer did. We didn't like the increase, but we liked what they did. They responded properly. So we appreciate that very much. Linda McMahon, please.

So Linda McMahon has done an incredible job. And I have to say, because I've known her and her husband, Vince, for a long time -- they built a great business. And Linda was a very big part of it. For those of you that don't know, I know. She was a very, very big part of it. So thank you for what you're doing.

Doing a fantastic job. Ben Carson, say a few words about HUD, please.

Right.

Thank you. Thank you, Ben. Really appreciate it.

If I could ask, because it's very much in the news -- Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture. I love the farmers and we're breaking down barriers. One of the things I'm doing is, you know, with these trade deals that have been so unfair to our farmers and to our workers, and to our companies from other countries, we're talking about it all the time and we're breaking down barriers so that our farmers can sell their goods to other countries like they sell their goods to us.

And one of the examples is Canada; they charge us on dairy products, 275 percent tariff. A 275 percent. It's just not appropriate. It's not fair. And there's a big imbalance, even though a lot of people don't think there is. But there is a big imbalance between Canada and the United States in terms of surplus and deficit.

But perhaps you could talk a little bit about the farmer. And I think they understand exactly what we're doing. And we're doing it as rapidly as possible, and we're taking some strong measures. But it's not fair when -- I won't mention specific countries, but you know the ones I'm talking about -- when certain countries have barriers that make it impossible for our farmers to sell into those countries and yet they sell all sorts of products into ours unrestricted. Very unfair. Sonny.

Well, I am. And I will say that if you look at soybeans -- I looked at a chart the other day that came out recently just prior to the election. Five years before that, soybeans have been cut in half, price wise.

Now, I've only been here for little more than a year and a half with Mike. But I will tell you, soybean is way down over a five-year period, prior to the election. So something has to be done.

And you know that over a 15-year period, pricing and farms and everything else has been very much trending down. So we're going to straighten that out. And they have to bear with us. But they are -- they're great American patriots and they really -- they really are something. They're very special people. Mike, would you like to say something? Mike Pence.

I think so, Mike. I do think so. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you very much. No.

No. Thank you very much everybody.

We're doing very well. Let me tell you, we're doing very well. And we're doing very well, probably as well as anybody has ever done with Russia. And there's been no President ever as tough as I have been on Russia.

All you have to do is look at the numbers. Look at what we've done. Look at sanctions. Look at ambassadors not there. Look, unfortunately, at what happened in Syria recently. And I think President Putin knows that better than anybody, certainly a lot better than the media. He understands it. And he's not happy about it, and he shouldn't be happy about it -- because there's never been a President as tough on Russia as I have been. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you very much.