Thank you very much. Thank you. Members of Congress, members of the Cabinet, honored guests, and fellow Americans: It is my privilege to address you tonight from the East Room of the White House.

We are gathered together this evening for a truly momentous occasion. I have long been told that the most important decision a President can make is the appointment of a Supreme Court Justice. Well, in just a few moments, we will proudly swear in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court: Justice Brett Kavanaugh.

Joining us for tonight's ceremony is every sitting Supreme Court Justice. Chief Justice Roberts. Thank you. Justice Thomas. Thank you. Justice Ginsburg. Thank you. Justice Breyer. Thank you, Justice. Justice Alito. Thank you. Justice Sotomayor. Thank you. Justice Kagan. Thank you. And Justice Gorsuch.

I would also like to send our deep appreciation to Maureen Scalia, the wife of the late, great Antonin Scalia. And also to our White House Counsel, Don McGahn. Thank you, Don. Thank you.

We are thrilled to be joined this evening by Justice Anthony Kennedy. Justice Kennedy, America owes you a profound debt of gratitude for a lifetime of noble service to our nation. And I want to thank you very much. Thank you.

Very special and treasured guests tonight are Justice Kavanaugh's amazing wife, Ashley. Thank you, Ashley.  And their two beautiful daughters, Margaret and Liza. Thank you.  And we are also joined by Justice Kavanaugh's mom and dad, Martha and Ed. Thank you.

I would like to begin tonight's proceeding differently than perhaps any other event of such magnitude. On behalf of our nation, I want to apologize to Brett and the entire Kavanaugh family for the terrible pain and suffering you have been forced to endure.

Those who step forward to serve our country deserve a fair and dignified evaluation, not a campaign of political and personal destruction based on lies and deception. What happened to the Kavanaugh family violates every notion of fairness, decency, and due process.

Our country, a man or woman must always be presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.  And with that, I must state that you, sir, under historic scrutiny, were proven innocent. Thank you.  You were. Thank you very much.

Margaret and Liza, your father is a great man. He is a man of decency, character, kindness, and courage who has devoted his life to serving his fellow citizens. And now, from the bench of our nation's highest court, your father will defend the eternal rights and freedoms of all Americans. You know that.

We are joined tonight by a leader who has never wavered in his support and devotion to the rule of law, and to Brett Kavanaugh's elevation. He worked very, very hard. And he truly has done just an incredible and wonderful job for the American people: Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Thank you, Mitch. Please, stand up.

I think that's the biggest hand he's ever received. They just don't --  -- they don't get it, Mitch. You're great. Thank you. Very much appreciate it.

I would like to thank another man whose principled leadership has earned widespread admiration: Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Chuck Grassley. Thank you, Chuck.

We are grateful to all the senators on the Judiciary Committee who fought so hard for this confirmation: Senators Lindsey Graham, John Cornyn, Orrin Hatch, Mike Lee, Ted Cruz, Ben Sasse, Jeff Flake, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, and John Kennedy.  Thank you.

And thank you also to Rob Portman, who is sitting right here. Thank you, Rob, very much.

And finally, we are indebted to Senator Susan Collins for her brave and eloquent speech, and her declaration that "when passions are most inflamed -- fairness is most in jeopardy." How true. How true.  How true.

Brett Kavanaugh is a man of outstanding intellect, a brilliant scholar, and his credentials are unsurpassed. A graduate of both Yale College and Yale Law School, he has taught at Harvard, Yale, and Georgetown. When he's not working or with his family, he's giving back to his community.

He spent 26 years in public service and, just like Justice Gorsuch, he clerked for Justice Kennedy. For the last 12 years, Brett was a judge on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, widely regarded as our nation's second-highest court. During his tenure, he authored over 300 opinions, distinguished by their masterful and impartial reasoning.

Known as a judge's judge, he is fair-minded, unbiased, and even-handed person. He understands that justice must be divorced from the passions of the day -- tethered instead to the enduring foundation of our republic: the Constitution.

Justice Kavanaugh fills the place left by Anthony Kennedy. Soon, Justice Kennedy will administer the Judicial Oath to Brett Kavanaugh, just as he did last year for Justice Gorsuch. This will be the first time a Supreme Court Justice has ever sworn in a former clerk to take his seat -- a beautiful moment which reminds us that freedom is a tradition passed down from generation to generation. And that's a big statement, and I want to thank you for that so much. That's so beautiful. So beautiful.  So beautiful.

Margaret and Liza's presence tonight reminds us what this historic event -- all about your father -- is all about. It's about what kind of nation we're going to be and what kind of country our children will inherit.

It is up to each of us, and to all Americans watching tonight, to answer that question. It is up to us to reclaim our heritage of equal and impartial justice. It is up to us to re-dedicate ourselves to the traditions and wisdom of our Founders. And it is up to us to renew the bonds of love, loyalty, and affection that link us all together as one great American family.

Let us pray we are successful in this task. And let us pray that all of America's children will grow up in a country that is fair, and just, and safe, and strong, and free. And let us ask God to bless Justice Kavanaugh and his family as they embark on this incredible journey together.

I now invite Justice Brett Kavanaugh to come forward and to take the Judicial Oath. Thank you very much.

Thank you.