That's good music, isn't it?  Well, thank you all for being here. And I don't know if you know, but your state is doing very well. West Virginia --  -- Big Jim is doing a good job. Much better since he turned Republican, too.

Nobody like him. I know him for a long time. He's a friend of my boys, and he's doing a great job as governor. So thank you very much, Jim.

Appreciate it. And we're on television nationwide talking about that, Jim. That's pretty good. Huh?

And he's definitely the biggest governor, too. Right?  And we'll take that also. Thanks, Jim.

But it's wonderful to be back in West Virginia. It was a very special place during the election for me. It was not even close. Was it? Huh?  A lot of things have happened with your coal and a lot of other things that you're doing in West Virginia.

But they've all happened for the positive.

And actually, you're one of the most successful, now -- percentage-wise, you're one of the most successful in the nation. And I could not say that during the election. Right? Before we got elected, it was not doing so well. And a lot of factors, but we got it going.

And I'm very proud of it because you are very, very special people. That I can tell you.  Thank you. Nice hat.

Look at that beautiful hat.

I want to thank Jim and Attorney General Patrick Morrisey and Senator Shelley Moore Capito.

Hello, Shelley.

Congressman Jenkins, Alex Mooney, David McKinley for being here today. They're all here. Thank you very much. Thank you.

So now, once again, you see that America is open for business. The numbers are fantastic. The results are really incredible, what's happening. We're being talked about all over the world.

One of the big things is our tax cuts. You know, they used to call it tax reform, and for 40 years they couldn't pass anything and they didn't know why. I said, "How's it hard to pass tax cuts?"" Turned out it was not that hard. It was not easy."

But we changed the name. I said, let's -- because being a person that's only been doing this for two-and-a-half years, I said, "Don't use the word 'reform.' Use the word 'tax cut.'"" Because when you talk about tax reform

And I always tell the Republican politicians, because the Democrats have a problem. I mean, if you look at your senator, he voted against -- Joe -- he voted against.

No, it was bad. I thought he would be helpful because he talks. Grabs me; I grab him. Says hello; I say hello.

But he votes against everything. And he voted against our tax cuts. And that was bad. And he voted -- he also voted against medical help and healthcare.

And that's bad, and we can't have it. So, you know, it's one of those things. And he does other things that I don't like. I'll be honest with you.

He does other things.

So, you know, you're going to have a chance --  -- you're going to have a chance to get a senator that's going to vote our program, that's going to help you in so many different ways. And you're not getting that help right now.

I mean, we didn't get one Democrat vote for tax cuts. And when you think about it, it was more than tax cuts -- because we got rid of the individual mandate. When you get rid of the individual mandate -- that was a disaster. That was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare.

This is where you have the privilege of paying a lot of money in order to not to have to pay for healthcare. Right? That's not too good. And we got it out in our tax cut plan.

And we also got ANWR -- energy. Big energy. We're -- I'm into the world of energy, as you know. And nobody does it better than you folks.

So it's very important to me.

But it's really great to be here. We're going to have a discussion on how to get the country moving even more so. You know, you probably saw that, for many years, no President wanted to go against China, economically. And we're going to do it.

We had a trade deficit of almost $500 billion last year with China. And I have great respect for the President of China, President Xi. He's a friend of mine, and I'm a friend of his. And I like him a lot.

But he's representing China, and I'm representing the United States of America.

And it was time that we did something. We can't continue to have -- I spoke with Jim just coming in and -- Jim is a great businessman -- and he said, "You're right."" Because we can't continue to allow this to happen

So they pay 2.5; we pay 25. They don't even want to take it. That doesn't sound so good.

But it's all like that. And we have our intellectual property, and a lot of people don't understand what that means. And it doesn't matter if you understand it or not. You understand the concept of being taken advantage of, and we can't be taken advantage of any longer.

So we're at a point where we had to do this. Our economy is strong. Our jobs are great. We're going to come out with numbers on Friday that, hopefully, are going to be fantastic numbers.

Companies are doing really well, and you have to go after the people that aren't treating you right.

And in many respects, I think we're going to have a fantastic relationship, long term, with China. But we have to get this straightened out. We have to have some balance. And that goes for other countries and it goes for other places.

If you look at the European Union, it's very solidly against us in terms of trade. It's very unfair. Look, a young girl shaking her head "yes."" You know about the European Union?  It's like -- it's almost -- we can't even do business. They send their cars over here; they send everything over here."

They don't want to take our product. So we can't let that happen. Do we agree with that? We can't let that happen.

We're working very hard on NAFTA with Mexico and Canada, and, you know, we'll have something, I think, fairly soon. And I told my people -- they're like, "Oh

There's no rush. We get it done right or we'll terminate." You know

When I was running, I said we'll terminate NAFTA or we'll renegotiate it. And Mexico has been pretty good. They were very good to us yesterday because, you know, they had the caravan of thousands of people coming up from Honduras. Thousands of people.

And we have very weak laws because of the Democrats and Joe. I mean, Joe Manchin is just -- -- he's really not helped us on this stuff.

So we had very, very weak laws. We have the worst laws. You ever think catch-and-release, which we're terminating very quickly.  We're doing it in pieces.

No, it's unbelievable. Think of this: So we have a country where if they step one foot -- not two feet -- if one foot hits our country, we have to take those people gently, register them, and then release them. Okay? We're going to release them, essentially, in a short period of time. So we release them.

And then they're supposed to come for a court case. We hire more judges -- we're trying to hire thousands of judges. No other country in the world does it. We hire judges so that these people will come back.

Now, they're on the land. We release them. They go someplace into our country. They're supposed to come back within two or three years for a court case, but nobody ever comes back.

It's bad enough to say, "Come back in three years."" But nobody comes back anyway. This is our country. If you have a baby on our land

Now, Mexico has very tough policies. They can do whatever they want, which is the way it should be, to be honest. You're violating something very sacred. You're violating a border.

Canada, very, very tough -- very, very tough. And Canada is very merit-based. If you come into Canada, it's got to be based on merit. With us, it's a lottery system -- pick them out -- a lottery system.

You can imagine what those countries put into the system. They're not putting their good ones.

And remember my opening remarks at Trump Tower, when I opened. Everybody said, "Oh

So we have to change our laws. And the Democrats, what they're doing is just -- it's insanity. I don't -- nobody understands what's going on.

So we have to have strong borders. We're going to have the wall. We've already started building it. We have a billion-six.

We've started building it and fixing miles and miles of wall that's already up -- and fence. And we're going to have our wall. And we're going to get it very strongly. The military is going to be building some of it.

But we're going to have very strong borders. And we have to change our laws, and we're on working on doing that.

And believe it or not, if you look in California and you see what's happening, it's an incredible phenomenon, because sanctuary cities -- it's the worst; it's basically a city to protect a lot of people that are bad people, really bad. You look at Kate Steinle, you look at so many other things that have happened in our country. And they're protected.

How about the Mayor of Oakland, where she tells a thousand people to "get going; law enforcement is coming to get you."" And this was all planned. And many of them scattered

But something should happen there.

So we're toughening up at the border. We'll be, I think, in great shape over the -- I think over the next 12 months we'll have a lot of things happening. But we cannot let people enter our country. We have no idea who they are, what they do, where they came from.

We have no idea what their records are. We don't know if they're murderers, if they're killers, if they're MS-13. We're throwing them out by the hundreds.

You know, we've gone into towns in Long Island where we've taken MS-13 and we've actually liberated towns. This is our country, right? I grew up in Long Island, right short of Long Island. And these are great towns; I know every one of them. And they were taken over by thugs, by -- you know, they talk about guns; they didn't want to use guns.

They use knives because it's much more painful, where they cut people up, because a bullet is too quick. They want to inflict pain on students, on young women, young girls walking home. And their parents never see them again. They're cut up.

And this is the kind of stuff -- and crap -- that we're allowing in our country. And we can't do it. We can't do it anymore.

You have to see, there are some scenes of -- the ICE people, they're fantastic and they're tough. And, by the way, that's the only thing that these thugs understand. They don't understand, "Oh

That's all they understand.

And these ICE guys are so much tougher than them, and they're grabbing them by the necks and throwing them into the paddy wagons. And the town -- the people are clapping and screaming. Their town has been liberated. It's like it's a war.

It's like, literally, it's a war, where your town or your city or your country has been liberated. They're clapping, because even the law enforcement, some of it, has a hard time. But we have taken out -- we're moving hundreds and hundreds. You saw two days ago, we caught 101 of these MS-13 thugs.

They're the worst of -- I mean, probably the worst of the group. But other gangs, too, come in -- you just don't know their names. But the MS-13 seems to be emblematic of evil, and we're getting them out by the hundreds.

But they can come back in. They can come back in. It's tougher, but they can come back in. So we're working out systems now, and we called out the National Guard.

And, you know, we're doing a real job.

But I'll tell you what: The laws of this country have to be strengthened and toughened up, because it is crazy. How about that? Catch -- that means you catch them. Now you release them. That's what it's called -- catch-and-release.

Just think of that.

And chain migration -- think of that. So you come in, and now you can bring your family, and then you can bring your mother and your father. You can bring your grandmother. You can bring your this; you can bring -- we had somebody on the West Side Highway, which I know very well -- in Manhattan -- he ran over -- I think he killed about eight people.

And they never mention the 12 people that have been horribly injured. You know, these are not people that have been a little bit hurt. You know, they'll lose legs and arms, and they're destroyed for life. Nobody ever says that.

You know, they don't say, 12 people were absolutely destroyed. A man goes out to run because he wants to keep himself in shape, and he ends up going home with no leg, no arm. And all he wanted to do was run. It's a beautiful place along the Hudson River.

And this guy comes out and he makes a right turn, right where everyone runs. He's on the highway going 50, 60 miles an hour. He just goes, "Eh."" Then he killed eight people and injured many

That was months ago. And came in through chain migration. Or he might have also come in through a lottery. But he brought a lot of people with him.

They say 22 people. Twenty-two people.

So this guy, because he's here, now can get the mother and the father and the grandmother and the cousins and the brothers and the sisters and the aunts and the uncles. This is what the Democrats are doing to you. And they like it because they think they're going to vote Democrat. Okay? Believe me, they're doing that for that reason.

They're doing it for that reason and other reasons. And other reasons. And other reasons. But they are doing it for that reason, because they're not going to be voting with us for the most part.

A lot of them aren't going to be voting. A lot of times it doesn't matter, because in many places, like California, the same person votes many times.  You probably heard about that. They always like to say, "Oh

Millions and millions of people. And it's very hard because the state guards their records. They don't want to see it.

So we have a lot of things going on, but a lot of things are being straightened out. And I just want to congratulate the state of West Virginia because I am so proud of you. You were with me from day one. From day one.

I mean, it was --  -- no, you were with me from day one. There was never like, "Oh

Wasn't that incredible? And I went before the -- I said, "Do you mind if I don't come back? Because I want to focus on places where it's going to be close

And we won -- I think we won here by 42 points or something. Some incredible number. Forty-two points.

It's getting remodeled. We'll be back.  All right?

But I remember I said that. Because I was seeing these polls and we were so far ahead. I said, "Do you think it would be okay if I went to Pennsylvania?"" Which

And if I went to North Carolina, which by the way, we won -- and Wisconsin and Michigan, where it was close. States that hadn't been won by Republicans in many, many years. So I really appreciate West Virginia. And I'm very proud of you, and your numbers are incredible.

And, you know, you're among the -- percentage-wise, you're among the greatest gainers in this country, and I think it's great and it just wasn't that way.

But -- a lot of reasons, but I'll tell you what, you have done great. And we're working on coal -- clean coal. I always say "clean

And we'll be looking at that 202. You know what a 202 is, right? We'll be looking at that. We're trying. But nine of your people just came up to me outside: "Could you talk about 202?"" And we'll be looking at that as soon as we get back."

And I think with that, I'll start -- you know, this was going to be my remarks. It would have taken about two minutes but -- -- what the hell.  That would have been a little boring. Little boring.

No, I'm reading off the first paragraph and I said, "This is boring. Come on.""  We have to say -- tell it like it is. We have to get Republicans in office."

And I think with that, I'll -- maybe, Shelley, I'll let you start off and you can -- we can go around. And I'd like to have Jim say a few words.

We'll go around the horn. Thank you.

And we'll take some questions.

That's true. That's true.

I do too. Thank you very much. And, Shelley, this will be the last time -- April -- be the last time that you're going to go that old-fashioned, big, lots of pages, complicated tax form. Because next April you're going to, in many cases, one page, one card.

It's going to be very, very different. Very, very different.

So not only will you save a lot of money, because it's a lot of money for a lot of people, but you're also -- and not to even mention the companies where they're employing because now they have all this incentive. If you look, Apple is going to spend $350 billion building plants in our country instead of the different places they have them.

But you'll have a nice, simple form next year. This will be the last year. So take pictures of it and enjoy it.  This is the last time you'll have to file a very complex and big tax form.

It will be much easier starting next April. Jim.

Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Jim. That was very nice. Thank you very much.

That's really nice, Jim. Thank you very much. My sons come up -- you know, they go hunting with Jim. He's a good hunter.

And they go hunting. They love to hunt. So thank you very much for that. That's really beautiful.

Maybe I could ask two very smart and very good representatives of you folks to say a few words. I'll start with Evan, who -- you're going to be running, and you got a pretty close race going, I understand.

We're going to know the outcome. When is the actual race?

May?

May 8th. So go out and vote. Evan, go ahead. You're up.

Then Patrick.

Thank you.

That's right. Thank you.

Until she got here.  That didn't work. Right? She came here and tried to say no. Did I ever say that? That was not a good day -- the roundtable.

Thank you, Evan.

Thank you, Evan. Thank you, Evan.

Thank you, Evan.

Thank you. That's beautiful. Thank you. And it's my honor.

Patrick?

Thank you very much. Thank you, Patrick.

Yeah, it is.

Well, thank you. Thank you, Patrick. And, you know, speaking of opioid -- because you do; you're one of the top states, unfortunately, in the nation in terms of the opioid problem -- but we just had $6 billion approved to fight opioid, to take care of people, to wean them off the problem once it begins.  And that came with the tax cut bill also.

And very important, $6 billion, that came just with the recent bill, the omni. And we got $6 billion approved toward the opioid crisis. It's a tremendous crisis. And something that I'm very happy that we're able to at least have the funding.

Now we have to start the work. It is not an easy situation. This, whatever you call it, it starts and you get hooked so fast. You know, I have friend, he goes to the hospital, he had a bad arm.

He comes out and he's like a drug addict. You get hooked, and you get hooked fast.

And we're spending a lot of money on research so that it's not so addictive -- painkillers that aren't so addictive. These are painkillers where you go into a hospital, you come out, you're a drug addict. And then we have the more normalized drug problem, and a lot of that comes through the southern border. And that's one of the other reasons we're being very strong with the National Guard and with the wall.

And we're going to get it stopped. We're going to get it stopped.

We don't need -- it's not even -- we don't -- it's not like we have a choice. We have to get it stopped and we will.

Let's go down toward the end, and you could talk a little bit and tell us about what's going on. Go ahead.

Thank you.

Beautiful. Great. Great looking.

Oh. It will happen. That's fantastic. That's a beautiful family.

Thank you very much. So beautiful. Thank you very much. Great family.

Thank you. Take good care of them, okay, boys? Take good care of them.  Thank you. Please.

Good. Great.

Great. Thank you.

Wow.

That's so nice.  Thank you. And have a good trip. I know Indonesia very well.

Great people and great -- you have some great representatives that I've gotten to know very well in Indonesia. So have a good trip. That's really nice.

And, you know, your bank, maybe from the standpoint of lending -- we've done something very important; we made it a lot easier for you to lend now to great people that a short period of time ago you were not able to lend because of rules, regulations, and you were lending to people that you didn't even want to lend. And the people that you wanted to, it was all messed up with the rules, regulations, and everything else. And I'm sure you find a big difference.

But also, we're working on Dodd-Frank right now so that especially the smaller institutions can, like -- from areas like right here, where you have some incredible people that want to borrow money, they could never borrow money to start a business or anything else. As you know, you were able to do that. The lending difference, you see a big difference right now. And the lending climate and the level of anger at banks was just enormous.

It was horrible what was going on. And there's a tremendous difference right now. You see that as a banker?

Right. Absolutely.

That's made a big difference. That's great. And we're doing a step further, and it should be done fairly quickly. We're actually -- you won't believe this -- we're actually getting bipartisan support.

Does anybody believe that?  Maybe Joe won't, but most people would. . So thank you. Thank you.

That's a great story. Beautiful.

Yes, sir.

Hi.

Great.

That's really nice. Thank you. Hello.

Please. Please.

Thank you very much. That's very nice. Thank you.

Yes. Go ahead. Thank you.

Thank you. That's so nice. Thank you very much. Thank you.

And, you know, you talk about the trucking industry. It's true, they're doing very well, and they're building a lot of trucks. And we want those trucks, for the most part, to be built right here in the United States. Right? Right here in the U.S.

And a lot of them are.

Thank you. That's great. It's a great story.

Which one is he? Where is your pastor?

That's great.

That's great. Thank you. That's beautiful. Thank you.

And you're doing well, right?

You're going to be well.

No doubt. That's great. Thank you very much.

It's really beautiful. Thank you. Please.

Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank very much.

Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. And also, I think you were probably in the White House, and I saw a whole group of people. It was over the regulation.

They were being regulated right out of business and we took care of that. And we did it in a very nasty fashion. You would have been very proud of us.  We had a man that was a disaster.

He really -- he was inflicting pain, wasn't he?

It was crazy.

These are great people. There was, you know, 100-year-old institutions that were not going to make it. And we took care of that situation very rapidly. It was a terrible thing that was happening to a lot of great institutions, smaller institutions.

And now they're thriving, I would say, right?

Little difference. That's good. Thank you very much Hugh. I'm glad to see you in happier times.

You were not so happy when I saw you.

Yep.

So that pretty much wraps it up. We're very proud of the tax cut. It's -- a lot of people are being helped so much, and so many things in there that we don't even talk about, when you're talking about tooling and trucking and all of the elements of investment that you have to make and now you have one-year expensing. Who would have believed you would have had that? Nobody ever thought that was going to be possible to get where you can write off your expenses in one year what you -- it was simply one-year expensing.

I think it's going to be the greatest benefit in the whole bill. I actually think that perhaps could have the biggest benefit in the bill.

Tremendous amounts of money is coming, and basically billions and billions of dollars is being brought from offshore where big companies, small companies, they had money trapped outside of our country; they couldn't get it in. And I think it's going to end up being $4 trillion will come back in. Already, Apple said they're bringing back about $220 billion and others are bringing back billions and billions of dollars, and it's coming back at a faster rate than we ever thought possible.

So it's been -- it's really been tremendous. So I just can say, on behalf of myself and Republicans and the Trump administration, and all of the people that work so hard, it's been an honor. It's had a huge impact on our country. And wait until you see the numbers.

The numbers are starting to get released of companies and, frankly, families and their spending and their spending habits, and they're able to go out and buy things. And hopefully we're going to start making more things in the United States.

And that will be great when you see elements of your life that were very important and they were made in different countries. I think we're going to start making things here again, and that's very important. When we renegotiate a lot of these deals, we're taking a lot of the incentive away to go elsewhere.

We want our people to make products that they're buying and we want to be proud of it again. You know, we used to have an expression, "Made in the USA."" And we don't hear that too much anymore

But it was a horrible deal for our country. It was incompetently drawn. It was a shame that it ever happened. It emptied out millions of jobs.

Thousands of factories and plants. They left. And a lot of them are moving back. Chrysler just announced they're moving back into Michigan and many other car companies are expanding and building brand-new plants.

That hasn't happened for many years -- for decades.

So it's my honor. We're enjoying it. We're fighting it. We got a lot of people out there that I don't think are very good people, but that's okay.

We have some people that are great people. We have some people that really, they love this country more than anything and they see now it's on the right track. And it's going to get better and better. And you'll see a lot of changes and a lot of very positive changes.

But it's been great hearing your stories. Your stories have been fantastic. And, Jim, I want to thank you. And, Shelley, I want to thank you.

And, Patrick and Evan, good luck. I don't know, you two -- -- you two. Good luck.

That's going to be a -- should we do a little test?

Who's voting for Patrick?

Who's voting for Evan?

I don't know. Yes, it's your district. Okay.

But it was fairly close.  It was fairly close, right? Hey, thanks everybody. We love you all. We'll be back.

Thank you very much. Thank you.