Thank you very much. Thank you for being here. I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of Mississippi. We're here today to discuss a landmark prison reform bill called the First Step Act -- so important. This legislation will help former inmates reenter society as productive law-abiding citizens and it has tremendous support no matter where we go. Tremendous support.

Beyond anything I would've expected. We're grateful to be joined by Vice President Mike Pence. Mike, thank you very much.

Governor Phil Bryant. Phil, great job you've done. Senator Roger Wicker. Where's Roger? Roger, right here. Roger -- come here, Roger. Give me five. You've been a tremendous help. Senator -- and we can almost say, "Senator-Elect" -- if you want to know the truth. But you have been there and you've done a great job.

And hopefully you will be Senator-Elect, because tomorrow we're tomorrow we're going to elect her. And we have a tremendous race going on, and she's -- Cindy Hyde-Smith has been fantastic. And she's been not only a great candidate, but she's been really an outstanding person in Washington for the short time, and now for a long time -- for many years, we hope, Cindy.

So good luck tomorrow.

Good luck tomorrow. Senator Lindsey Graham, who's my friend and done a fantastic job, especially with the hearings on Justice Kavanaugh. That was an amazing moment, I will tell you. Jared Kushner has worked so hard on what we're here about tonight. Jared, thank you. Fantastic job. And a number of the tremendous Mississippi law enforcement leaders who will be talking in a little while.

I think we're going to be hearing some of their comments and suggestions, Phil. And I look forward to that. The First Step Act has been a great bipartisan effort, and I look forward to continuing to be partners with Cindy and all of the people; Roger; the people of Mississippi who have worked so hard on legislation, and this legislation in particular.

What we'll have here is communities will be safer by helping inmates gain the skills that they need to obtain jobs and stay out of prison after they are released, which has been a tremendous topic. I think we've helped a lot, because the economy is so good that a lot of people that would not have had a chance -- Phil, you know this -- that they would not have had a chance are now getting jobs, and the people that are hiring these people are saying some incredible things.

I guess not in all cases, but in many cases. Right? It's not in all cases for anyone. But frankly, they are getting phenomenal reviews, so that's really good. So the economy is a big factor. Enact reasonable sentencing reforms to ensure fairness while keeping dangerous criminals off the street -- so important -- and revitalize our criminal justice system to be tough on crime but also smart on crime.

So I think what I'd like to do is maybe just go around. And I'd love to start with you because you have done such a great job. Phil has told me all about you. And maybe I'd like to start with you, and hear your ideas and any suggestions on the bill.

Thank you very much.

Yes.

Right.

Right.

No, it's okay. No, it's very fascinating what you're saying. No, you go ahead. She's very passionate and really knowledgeable. That's very nice. Go ahead.

Right.

And better lives.

Boy, that is so great. Such passion, too. That was really impressive. Fantastic job you just did. And the level of -- that is really -- would you say, Lindsey, that is great passion and that's why you're so great at what you're doing. And I've heard you've had tremendous success. Phil told me about it. And I want to just thank you very much.

Beautiful job. Really beautiful job.

Phil, how about you saying a couple of words?

Thank you.

That's fantastic.

Right.

Right.

Well, that's really good. Thank you very much, both. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Phil?

Thank you.

Thank you. I appreciate it very much.

Thank you. That's very well said.

So you're now a believer. You wouldn't have been a believer 10 years ago, maybe. Right?

That's fantastic. So what changed your mind?

It's very nice to know. Really is. Very nice to know. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Sheriff.

Appreciate it very much. Thank you very much.

Roger, would you say a few words, please?

Thank you, Roger. That's very nice. Cindy?

Well, thank you, Cindy, very much. Appreciate it. And good luck tomorrow.

A big day.

Jared, how about saying a few words? You've worked so hard on this.

That's very good. Lindsey.

Thank you very much, Lindsey, and thank you for working on it. All of you -- everybody in the room has been incredible. And I think what I'll do is I'll finish up with our great Vice President who has worked as hard or harder than anybody, other than maybe Jared, right? I think we have to say, Jared, you really have been -- you really pulled it together.

And it's been very popular. Some very strong law enforcement people have called me. They said, "We love this. This has been -- " And you go to the state of Texas -- you know, you think of Texas as a tough law-and-order state, and they've done it. And Kentucky and Georgia and a lot of great places. And the job you've done, Phil.

So it's become, really, very popular. I hope they get a vote, and I think it's going to be bipartisan. And, Mike, what do you have to say?

Well, thank you very much, Mike. Such great progress has been made. And a lot of people are shocked, because when this began -- a long time ago, really; they've been trying to get it for years. But we're at a point now where we have a chance to take a vote. And I think you're going to get, as Lindsey would say, 80. I don't know if it's 80, but maybe if it's 60, that would be okay, too.

But actually, we'd be disappointed, if you want to know the truth.

I think we want to see that support, because really, it's going to be tremendous support. I really think it's going to be --

It'll be a tremendous thing for our country. So I want thank you all. Fantastic job, everybody. Appreciate it very much. And we will see you. And hopefully, we'll have a little celebration in Washington fairly soon. This will be terrific. And good luck to everybody, and good luck to you tomorrow.

Well, we're talking to him, and we're doing -- we're doing a count. And we want to make sure that we have the votes because we don't have to bring it if we don't have the votes. But from everything that we're looking at right now, we have more than enough. So, at a certain point, we'll have a talk. But if we have the votes, I'm sure that we'll be voting.

Well, I don't need leverage. Look, he's a friend of mine. He's a really good guy. And I -- honestly, I think he believes in this also. And he wants to make sure -- like I do, too -- I want to make sure we have the votes. But we look -- we're looking like we have the votes, as of right now, and maybe an abundance of votes.

So I think we'll be okay. I think we're in pretty good shape. What do you think, Lindsey?

Well, I think a lot of people have changed their minds. You know, it's a more modern system. It's a different system, when you see the tremendous success they've had in Texas; and in Kentucky, where they've had great success; and in Georgia, where the Governor has been speaking about it like it's almost a miracle.

When you see one after another, and then you Governor Bryant talking about it the same way, I mean, so many things are -- now, nothing's perfect and it's a very complex subject, but I would say that a lot of people have changed their minds. I mean, my mind was never made up one way or the other. My mind was just on very strong law and order.

But this is actually a part of it. And if you look at some of the people that are most supportive of this -- I was going around -- like, as an example, Chuck Grassley, and Rand Paul, and Mike Lee, and some people that you wouldn't necessarily expect, it's very impressive. People that really are into the world of strength, and law and order, and they're totally supportive of this as much as anybody.

And then, on the other side, you have great support also. So I think a lot of people have felt very strongly, but I think we're going to have a lot of success with it. And most importantly, I think we'll get it. And after we get it, it's going to work. That's very important. Thank you for the question.

Well, we'll see what happens. I think we're going to have a vote. And I think we should do it now, rather than later. This is something that could also pass later, but we have such a good group of people right now, and such great support, I think you're better off -- let's take the victory for everybody -- for Democrats and for Republicans, very bipartisan.

And I think we should take the victory.

No, I think  and you can do both. Really, you can do -- I think the wall is a very important thing. Funding for the wall is very important. We're building big parts of the wall. You see that. And it's having a tremendous impact. In fact, the only little breach yesterday, we took care of it very nicely, quickly, and apprehended those that breached.

The small breach was in one area where the wall wasn't quite built yet; it wasn't completed. But the areas that have been completed have been very, very strong. And when people look at what's going on on the border, you know, they just agree pretty much -- not pretty much -- they agree with what we are doing very strongly.

We're going to look at that. We're going to see.

Well, some are very violent, and have been very violent, and have been very dangerous to the police and to the Border Patrol. And all of the people including -- we have ICE there. We have ICE there. Normally, they'd be in other sections, and right now they're on the border. But we've had some very violent people.

And we don't want -- frankly, we don't want those people in our society. We don't want those people in our country. But we had tremendous violence -- three Border Patrol people yesterday were very badly hurt through getting hit with rocks and stones. And if you look at the Mexican police, who have been fighting very hard -- and, you know, don't forget: Ninety-five percent of it is taking place -- and more than that -- is taking place in Mexico, and on the Mexican side.

You know, we just said, "Look, if they come over here, we're going to apprehend them and we're going to close the border." That's not really been done to extent that I am doing it because I mean it, and I'll close it for a long time. And as far as trade is concerned, that's okay. Because Mexico, frankly, has done very well with trade and the United States.

So we would close it and we'll keep it closed if we're going to have a problem. We'll keep it closed for a long period time.

Excuse me?

Violence.

If they do a charge. Because, with a closed border, it's very easy to stop; with an open border, it's not. If they do a charge -- as you know, we have a big caravan coming up, another one. The interesting thing is, because of the very tough stance -- and we've had this stance from the beginning, but now, I suspect because of how well the country is doing, we have a lot more people coming.

And it does seem to be an organized -- I mean, there is somebody organizing it. This isn't just happening by luck. If something is happening in Honduras, and Guatemala, and El Salvador -- because, you know, you look at the way it's organized, it's so -- they hand out papers, they hand out directions -- this is not just, you know, by luck it's happening.

But I would say the violence is very strong. We have over 500 people that are serious criminals and gang members. And it's a tough situation. We just don't want that in our country. And we're keeping it in Mexico. And Mexico's done a very good job, but a lot of the law enforcement people from Mexico have been very seriously injured.

They've been badly hurt. You saw what happened yesterday. If you look at Tijuana, where not only the mayor, but a lot of the people who were interviewed said, "Hey, these are rough people. You start talking to them, and they punch you in the face." We don't want that in our country. We don't want it. Okay?

Well, I do say, "Why are they there?" I mean, I have to start off -- first of all, the tear gas is a very minor form of the tear gas itself. It's very safe. The ones that were suffering, to a certain extent, were the people that were putting it out there. But it's very safe. But you really say, "Why is a parent running up into an area where they know the tear gas is forming and it's going to be formed, and they're running up with a child?" And in some cases, you know, they're not the parents.

These are people -- they call them "grabbers." They grab a child because they think they're going to have a -- they're going to have a certain status by having a child. You know, you have certain advantages, in terms of our crazy laws, that, frankly, Congress should be changing. You know, if you changed the laws, you wouldn't be having this problem.

And I think the funding of the wall right now has never looked better.

Well, I think the Mexican government is trying very hard. I would've stopped them a lot sooner than the border. We're stopping them at the border. But I really think Mexico is working hard. They were violently attacked. I mean, their police were violently attacked at the northern border. If you look at -- if you look at their border, their southern border -- they were really -- that was violence at a high level.

That was a terrible thing that took place. And they really geared up after that because they had -- a lot of their policemen and a lot of their soldiers were injured badly. So -- but I think Mexico is doing a good job. Now I'd like to see Mexico take those people and move them back to Honduras, move them back to Guatemala, move them back to El Salvador where most of them come from.

At a certain level they should. But when we have the border closed, there's nothing we can do about that. But at a certain level, maybe they should. That's the laws. We're -- we have very strict standards for asylum. As you know, when you go to court looking for asylum, very few people qualify for asylum.

And, you know, one thing I do mention: They're all coming up and they're all saying about their country is so dangerous, but you have flags all over the place representing Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, and some other countries. And you say, "Well, if these countries are so bad, so dangerous, why are they all waving, proudly, their flags?"

Well, if you look, the percentage of women and children is very small, relative to young men coming in. And you have a lot of gang members coming in. And we have over 500 people -- and you know that -- and they have lists that are criminals. And we don't want the criminals and we don't want people in that don't come in legally.

So, we're working very hard. People are not coming into our country. They have not been able to breach. They're not going to breach. And if they do breach, they get arrested on the other side. It's a very small event. But we do appreciate Mexico working hard and we have a very good relationship. I have a very good relationship with both -- you know, both the past and the current -- the soon-to-be current leadership of Mexico.

In fact, Mike is going to the inauguration. And we've worked very closely with the future President of Mexico, and I think the relationship will be good. But we'll see. I mean, we're going to see. But if it's not good, we're just not going to be trading very much; we're not going to be trading with Mexico.

Excuse me?

Right.

Well, I get along very well with the people of Mississippi. They like me and I like them. I mean, as you know, I won by a tremendous amount. I don't know, how many?

Eighteen and a half points. I'd say that's a lot. And I think when you win by eighteen and a half points, and you're running for the Senate, you say, "Mr. President, do you think you could come up and give us a hand?" I really think that Cindy is doing very well. I know the state very well. I like the state a lot.

And I think she's going to have a tremendous victory tomorrow. And frankly, I don't want to take my chances. We did very well. The press has not wanted to talk about the Senate. But if you look at the Senate, we did -- I mean, I won't say historic, but we did numbers that were shockingly good. You know, we're going to end up -- if Cindy wins, we end up at 53-47. That's a big improvement from where we were.

And, you know, people talk about the House. Now, don't forget, with the House, I didn't campaign for the House, other than if somebody happened to be there. There are just too many people. But where I did campaign, like in Kentucky, where we went with Andy Barr, who was down by six points, and he ended up winning against McGrath, who was a tough opponent.

He ended up winning after I left, and so many other places. Plus, we had tremendous success with governors. I mean, you look at Ohio. You look at Florida. You look at Georgia. I mean, Georgia, as you know, President Obama was there; Michelle was there; Oprah was there. And I was there all by myself. And, in all fairness, Mike went also about four times.

That's true. I had Mike, and they had Oprah. I'll take Mike.

No, no. But it's a term that's used, because as you know, many people -- very -- it's a very violent, horrible thing. But they feel they have an advantage when they're with a young child. And they're called "grabbers." Well, that's a term I've heard, but it's -- that's what they're called, "grabbers." They grab a child, because when they have a child, they feel a lot safer.

And I don't know who was there yesterday. I will say this: When you know there's going to be potential violence, you know there's going to be tear gas or something, you don't take your child and bring them there. So I can't tell you that, but I can say that all over the border you have a lot of grabbers.

You have a lot of people that grab children, and they have no idea who these children are. They're not parents. They have no idea. And frankly, to release the children to these people is a disaster. And just about that, by the way, the releasing -- if you look at President Obama, if you look at other Presidents, they've had the same.

You know, these laws have not been changing every 24 hours. In many cases, they should because they're so bad. But these laws have not been changing. They were the same for President Obama. They were the same for President Bush. And it went back quite a ways. But we're doing a great job. We're very, very tough on the border.

And I think that's what people want. I guess you could have open borders. But if you want open borders, and if you want everybody to pour into our country, I would really have a great suggestion for you: Vote Democrat. Because that's what they want; they want open borders.

Well, I hope it isn't. Yeah.

First of all, there was an apology made, and I heard that loud and clear. Second of all, really, it was something that was sad and it was a little flip. And frankly, I think that Cindy, when I spoke to her -- she called me -- she said, "I said something that I meant exactly very different." And I heard an apology loud and clear.

And I also know Cindy, and I know her very well, and I've gotten to know her over the last period of time as a senator, as a very, very talented United States senator. And I know where her heart is, and her heart is good. That's not what she was meaning when she said that.

It's going well. It's going well. In the meantime, we have somebody that's a very good man, Matt Whitaker. But it's going well. We're looking. A lot of people want that job. It's a great job, if you're into the world. We have a lot of law enforcement in here, and I'll tell you, every one of them wants to be the Attorney General of the United States.

Every one of them. I can take these guys over here. How about you guys? All right?  There's a man -- he'll take it. He'll take it. We have a lot of good people. Sheriff, you'll take it, right? So we have no dearth of talent, I can tell you that. No, we're looking at some people. And I and a lot of other people, by the way, have tremendous confidence, in the meantime, of Matt Whitaker.

He's a tremendous person and he's a great gentleman. And he's really liked and respected by a lot of people.

Well, I don't want to say that. But we are having great talks with them. As I said, Mike and Ivanka and some other people are going down to the inauguration, and they look forward to it. It's going to be, I hope, a beautiful day. And we're getting along very well with the incoming. We got a lot well with the past administration.

We're doing very well with the incoming administration. And I like him a lot, I must say. I've spoken to him; I like him. We get along. I think we have some views that are a little bit different, but maybe they're becoming joined. But when it comes to the border, it's not a question of incoming or past administrations.

We're closing the border if we have any problem. If people think they're going to rush our border, we just lock up that border so tight nobody gets through. And behind that, we have ICE and we have the Border Patrol, and we have the local police, and we have police, and we also have our military. And our military has done an incredible job reinforcing walls, putting up the barbed-wire fencing, which is very, very powerful stuff.

Nobody has gone over the barbed-wire fencing.

Well, no. Very serious talks were had and are currently being had also.

No. No. No, not at all. No, we're talking very seriously. Look, it's important to Mexico because we are a tremendous trading partner for Mexico, much more so that way than the other way. I mean, Mexico, frankly, on trade, does much better than we do with them. So when we close the border -- I mean, it's much more painful for Mexico than it is for us by a factor of maybe about 10 or more.

So we're getting along very well with Mexico and we intend do, and I hope it can continue that way. But we're not letting people into our country that we don't want there. We're not letting people into our country that don't come in legally. They have to come in legally. And we want people that are going to help us. We have a lot of companies moving into our country.

Tremendous car companies and Foxconn, and a level like we've never seen before. We need people, but they have to come in based on a merit system, based on a system where they can help us, not where they're going to hurt us.

Yeah, go ahead.

Well, I have certain -- I'll tell you -- let me start off by saying I have a fantastic Cabinet. We have incredible people. It's a lot of people. There are a few positions that I'm thinking about. But I could leave it the way it is right now and be very happy, or I could make changes and maybe be even happier with those positions.

But we have a great Cabinet. We have some tremendously talented people, and they're really doing a good job. Thank you very much, everybody. I appreciate it. Thank you.