Well, it's great talent around this beautiful room. And thank you all for being here. By the way, the head of Boeing and the head of Lockheed, and the head of Raytheon and the head of everything else, we have them all. We have them all around. So thank you all for being here. It's an honor.

I want to thank General Todd Canterbury for the tour. That's pretty lethal weaponry. I've been going around the last week or so, more so than ever -- I've been saying we make the greatest -- the greatest military equipment in the world. Not even a contest. There's nothing close. And every other country knows it.

And, you know, we're talking about something right now, where a particular country ordered -- you'll never guess who this is -- about $110 billion worth of equipment. And I assume you'd like to keep those orders probably.

But if you don't -- Boeing, Dennis -- you can let me know.  It'll make things a lot easier. But you make the best, and that's why you have it.

Also, Luke Air Force Base -- I've heard about it for so long; so good. Top of the line, isn't it? Huh? Thank you very much, General.

I also want to thank our roundtable participants today: Secretary Wilbur Ross, doing a great job. All those trade deals we're making, Wilbur. Right? Representative Martha McSally, who is a special woman. And I met her when she was in Congress, and we work together well.

She's a great pilot. A lot of people told me she's really a talented pilot as opposed to one that just about made it. She made it easily. And she likes a specific plane; we won't tell them what the plane is.  They don't make that plane anymore.

That's right. But she's been fantastic.

Also, Representative Tom O'Halleran, thank you very much. Where's Tom? Tom? What are you doing over there, Tom? You can join us, even though you're a Democrat.  Representative Debbie Lesko. And, Debbie, a great job you've done. You've done a great job. We worked hard a couple years ago --

And now your district loves you, right?

They better.

Yeah, that's true. You set a record.

Well, thank you very much. It's great to be here. Thank you.

Also, Secretary -- Deputy Secretary Patrick Shanahan. And, Patrick, thanks. Great job you -- he's a good purchaser of equipment. I hope you find that he negotiates well, because if he doesn't, I'm going to be very disappointed. What do you think, Dennis? Is he okay?

Huh?

I would expect you to say that.  Dennis is Boeing.

So thank you very much, Patrick. And it's been great working with you. And we have -- we've made some big purchases, some good deals. A little bit better than presented. And it's the best. There's nothing like the stuff.

Secretary Heather Wilson -- Heather, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Great job you're doing. Under Secretary Ellen Lord, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Ellen. You're keeping busy, right?

Good. I think so. And all of the outstanding representatives who join us today from America's aerospace and defense industries, civil society. I mean, if you look at the civil society and the business society, it's been pretty amazing what's happened over the last two years. And you're all doing well, and we're doing well. The country is doing well. We're setting new records on jobs. We've got every category -- just about every category is a new record, or very close. And a lot of them work for you. A lot of them work for your great companies. And they are great companies. Thank you very much.

This incredible state is home to six major military installations, more than 30,000 military personnel, and thousands of defense companies. Arizona's military industry supports 76,000 jobs -- that's big -- and creates $11.5 billion in economic output.

So what state would be comparable or larger? Is it larger? I mean, Texas does great.

Number three? All right. But knowing you, you'll be --

She'll be number one very quickly. That's why she's doing so well. They all know.

The United States must always invest in a strong military. And it's been very important for me. The military has been vital. That's why we had, Wilbur, $700 billion approved last year, and $716 billion this year.

And, General, everybody that passes me, from the military, thanks me for the new equipment. We were very depleted, and we're not depleted anymore. Although the equipment is pouring in, but we're not depleted anymore. So that's fantastic.

We've secured record funding for the armed forces. The funds will support new fighter jets, ships, tanks, thousands of new recruits. And we also gave something very important, and that was a pay increase -- the first in 10 years. A nice, substantial pay increase to the people that deserve it so badly.

And one of the things that was very important to me is to totally modernize and rebuild our nuclear arsenal. And we're doing that. And we will, very shortly, be in a position where there won't be anybody close -- not that we ever want to think about using it, but we're not going to use it.

The best way, the only way is -- that's the way we don't have to use it, right? So we're doing a lot of work on that. And in a very short period of time -- already we're superior, but we will be at a level that nobody competes with.

Earlier this month, we released our landmark Defense Industrial Base report, which outlines new ways to strengthen our defense and manufacturing base. American-made military products are more effective, more lethal, and more precise than any other equipment in the world. And I've been going around saying that.

And we have a lot of countries that are dying to order our stuff, but we don't like them that much, so we don't let them order. But overall, Marillyn, I don't think you're complaining, right? And that F-35 is special. That is a special -- that's a special fighter, right? It's great.

So we have to ensure that our warriors -- our brave, brave warriors -- have the resources that they need and deserve, and that our allies and partners continue to purchase American products. We want them to purchase our products. They're the best products.

Joining us today are several inspiring leaders who all share my commitment to supporting our military. And they're making America more prosperous, more competitive, secure and proud. And we really do. I mean, I know these people pretty well. I knew them a little bit in private industry. I know them a lot from what I've been doing for the last almost two years. Can you believe that, Dennis? It's almost two years already.

We just gave him an order for Air Force One. Air Force One now is 30 years old. And it was time. And they wanted to do it for the last two administrations; they never got it done. But we got it done.

And hopefully you're going to speed it up.

And it's going to be incredible. Actually, Boeing is doing it. It's going to be a new color system: red, white, and blue. And it looks phenomenal. It's the right color system. And if it looks as good as it does in print and in the models, it's going to be fantastic. Right? So I hope you're moving along. That's moving along very fast, I hear.

Very good. Very good. So I just want to thank you all for being here.

And if you have any questions, I'd like -- maybe before that, I'd like to introduce Martha McSally, say a few words. She is very special. A person that has taken the whole country by storm. They're talking about her all over the country.

I don't know -- I don't want to make you feel a little bit like, "Oh, gee, what's happening," but they're talking about you all over the country. And I fully understand that, and I got it a long time ago. I think you're going to be very, very successful.

This is a non-politician who is brilliant and brave, and became a politician, and was very successful. Her area, her district loved her. And now, as you know -- as some of you know, she's running for the Senate in Arizona. She has a very, very strange opponent.  I have to tell you, Martha, that should be easy, but you got to get in there fighting, right? Huh?

That's right. I know. Official is right. So anyway, please say a few words, Martha. We're very proud of you. Thank you.

Well, it's a great state. We love Arizona. General, could you maybe talk about Luke a little bit? Because it's got a big reputation.

And your father was the boss here too, right?

He showed me a picture. They looked like twins. He showed me a picture. And he's still around, he's still healthy, and he's still telling you what to do, right?

That's right. You give him my regards.

So, on the F-35, has the stealth gotten even better? Because it was always considered extraordinary. Has it really been upped, or is it at that same level, would you say?

And it is ahead. It's a great plane. Thank you very much. Dennis, from Boeing?

That's true. Wow.

That's something.

Now you can solve those challenges.

I didn't know you made the missiles to the extent. I'm looking outside, and I was very surprised, actually. Boeing -- a lot of them had the name Boeing on them. I didn't know that was a great specialty of yours. Tell us about that.

Thank you, Dennis. You're doing a great job.

Some incredible things you're coming up with. Thank you very much.

Would anybody like to say anything while we're all gathered together? Anybody have any complaints or any suggestions?  Would anybody -- come up with any great ideas?

Yes, Debbie.

Thank you very much, Debbie. That's really nice. Appreciate it. Anybody? Yes, sir.

Right. That's right.

So what would you do about that, Chris? You're right. And they should have been doing this for 15 years, and they haven't been.

So what would you do? Your company is a great company. What would you do about it?

So why don't we get somebody that you would recommend, and let's bring them into government, and let's do it the right way. Because you know, it's such a specific kind of a thing. It's great knowledge involved. You can't just hire somebody off the street and say, "Hey, congratulations, you're in charge of cyber."

They have some really good people.

So do we have the equipment? We definitely have the knowledge. Where are we on the scale of knowledge right now, would you say?

Right. Right.

Well, I'd like to talk to you about it.

Because I agree with you, it's very important. And there's great knowledge that you have from your company, but there's -- and others here have that great knowledge. Very important -- cyber. And I hear more and more about cyber. And we have the brainpower. We have potentially -- I mean, there's nobody that should be able to event compete with us, with what we have just around this table.

So, Jerry, any of you, if you have any ideas, let us know. We'll do something. Because we're going to do something. We've already started. But I'd rather start it from this table than any other table in the world. Does that make sense? You understand that? We have the brainpower right around this table.

So, good. Thank you, Chris. That's fantastic.

Would you like to say something?

You're doing a great job though. I think everyone said it.

It's a great plane. Great plane. So when is Boeing going to make one to compete with it?

You know what, though? You do have -- you do have that.

And you do have some good --

And you do have some good stuff, I have to tell you. Some really good stuff. But you are going to one of the super stealths right?

Good. Next generation.

I agree.

Wilbur, do you have anything? Yes.

Right.

And you like what we're doing?

Do you agree with it?

And you think we're doing the right thing?

That's very good, thank you.

Thank you. Thank you, Amber. That's very nice. Thank you. Wilbur?

Good. That's great.

So we're doing a new force. You know that right? How does the Air Force feel about that? But we're doing a brand new force. And it'll be the Space Force. And everybody is excited. Whenever I mention it, everybody goes crazy and they like it. And that's what it's all about, I guess.

You know, those planes are all beautiful. But we're now going into space. And that's for defense. I mean, we're not just talking about sending rockets up to the moon. We're talking about for defense and for offense.

So I think, pretty soon, it's been well received even in Congress, bipartisan. And pretty soon we're going to have Space Force, so that'll be number six. And this way it can be specific.

We'll have a great genius like yourself, comparable, maybe not as good, but pretty good.  And it'll have an extra person sitting on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and it's going to be full force. It's going to very important. I think it's going to be a big contribution. Something very necessary. Go ahead, Wilbur.

Good. Thank you. Mr. Secretary, what do you think?

It's hurting me right now.

Right now, it's hurting me with these people.

And when you say "compete," I would like to say so that nobody can even come to close to competing with us, as opposed to just competing. Because what I'm really doing is putting us in a position where there's not going to be anybody even close.

And that's why we're -- again, we're looking at all of the planes, all of the weapons, all of the rockets, all of the -- everything, including, obviously, the nuclear. You hate to even bring up the nuclear because it's a -- it's such an incredible threat. But we have no choice but to do it because others do it. It would be nice if nobody would do it. Right, Dennis? It would be great. But doesn't seem to be that way.

So I just want to thank everybody at the table. Would any of you folks have a question for anybody at the table? We have the greatest talent in the world at this table. Anybody have any questions?

Yeah. I just saw it. Just came out.

Well, I think it's a good first step. It's a big step. It's a lot of people. A lot of people involved. And I think it's a great first step. You probably know that very fair person, Reuters -- and you probably know that -- you are; you're very good. Very, very good.

We have a tremendous order. Probably the people around this table have the vast percentage of the $110-billion order from Saudi. We have $450 billion. But on defense, we have $110 billion. And I would say, almost 100 percent of it would be sitting right around this table with the great companies. Raytheon is here, too. Just great companies.

It's very important. I don't want to tell them -- I don't want to look over and tell Marillyn or Dennis, "By the way, we're going to take $25 billion worth of sales away from you," because that would mean a lot of jobs, it would mean a lot of everything.

And Saudi Arabia has been a great ally. But what happened is unacceptable. We are going to see. They've arrested -- just for the people at the table -- a large number of people having to do with the event that took place in Turkey and the consulate -- the Saudi consulate. And it's a big first step. It's only a first step, but it's a big first step.

I do. I do. I mean, it's -- again, it's early. We haven't finished our review or investigation. But it's -- I think it's a very important first step, and it happened sooner than people thought it would happen.

Well, I don't know that that was -- I don't know that that's -- I mean, that's a theory that's being thrown out. I don't think anybody said that. But they're saying there was a fight. But that's a theory that was put out. But they're going to be giving us a full report. But they have arrested a large number of people, and a good first step. Yeah?

No, I don't think so at all. Because they weren't out front with me in terms of, you know, what happened. This is really a -- we just got this report from them. And you got it, along with a lot of other people. No. I think that we'll be talking to them. We'll see what happens. We may have some questions. We do have some questions.

And as I told you, I'll be working on this with Congress. Congress is very interested in this one, and we'll be working with Congress. But I would prefer, if there is going to be some form of sanctions, or what we may determine to do, if anything -- because this was a lot of people they're talking about, and people pretty high up.

But I would prefer that we don't use, as retribution, cancelling $110 billion worth of work, which means 600,000 jobs.

I know it sounds easy and it sounds good, and a lot people have said, "Oh, let's just not sell them a $110-billion order." I guess you take it a step further, "Let's not sell them $450 billion," which is the largest order in the history of our country. I went there to get that order.

Saudi Arabia was my first stop. And everyone thought that was unusual. But I said, I want to order -- "I want you to order a tremendous amount of stuff." Right? Everything. Your stuff and everybody's stuff. And Wilbur was there. They ordered $450 billion. There's never been anything like it, or close.

The last thing I want to do is say we're not going to supply you with that, and therefore we're going to cut -- I guess, if you add the whole thing up, because just for the military was 600,000 jobs. So now if you're talking about -- that was $110 billion -- you know, you're talking about over a million jobs. You know, I'd rather keep the million jobs, and I'd rather find another solution.

But this was a good first step today. Okay? Anything? Yeah.

I will -- yeah. Before I start making those statements, I'm going to speak to the Crown Prince. And I've spoken to the King. I want to speak with the Crown Prince.

And, you know, I think we're getting close to solving a very big problem. And again, remembering the people around this table know it better than anyone -- Martha McSally knows it better than anyone -- they've been a great ally in the Middle East. We need them as a counter-balance to Iran. And so it's not the simplest solution. It's not the simplest situation to be in.

But I think we're doing very well, and I think we've come a long way in a short period of time. And it'll get solved. It'll get solved. Okay? Yeah, please.

Well, we have third parties involved. We're involved. You know, we're involved. Turkey is involved. And I wouldn't say they're exactly friends. I would think that Turkey and Saudi Arabia -- they're not too friendly. And Turkey is involved, and others are involved, frankly.

I mean, it's -- people are not happy about what happened. But this is a very big turnover when you look at the number of people that they say were involved. That was a very big -- that was a very important thing that they did. And they did it soon. They did it -- you know, we thought it was going to be the end of next week. They did it soon, which I think is very smart.

But, no, I would have to say they have been our ally. We've had great relationships with them. This is a horrible event. It has not gone unnoticed. Okay?

Well, we have -- Mexico has really stepped up to the plate, which is very nice. I've said to them, "Look, you know -- " We've been very nice to Mexico. We have the worst immigration laws in the history of the world. They're incompetent. And, in fact, we have a great Democrat here; maybe we could negotiate some immigration laws while you're here?

You, I would like to do it with, because you know what you are doing.

That's -- we have just a horrible situation with the laws. The laws don't allow us to do anything. And then we have the judges that are, let's say, that are giving us decisions that are horrendous. And, hopefully, they'll be overturned in the Supreme Court, or sooner.

But I don't know if you know what's happening. And probably a lot of the people at the table don't know what's happening because this just happened. But people are coming over from Honduras; they have like 5,000 people. Honduras and Guatemala, El Salvador. And some of these people are hard criminals. Hardened criminals. Not good people. And they broke through in Guatemala. I said, "Look, we give you hundreds of millions of dollars, Guatemala. And you're going to stop those people from coming."

And they tried, and they broke right through, and they broke through the fences. And Mexico is now really fighting. A very tough situation. Mexican soldiers have been hurt -- badly hurt, in a couple of cases. But I very much respect the fact that Mexico is willing to do this.

But these are some bad people coming through. These aren't babies. These aren't little angels coming into our country, and going to -- you know, go to work for Boeing, and go to work for Raytheon, and for Lockheed, and do a great job. These are some hardened criminals coming in. And we're not letting them in. We've got enough things right now. We're just not letting it happen.

So, Mexico, on their southern border, is fighting them right now. Literally, fighting them. And these people are fighting, and they put all the women and children up front to show you how brave they are. They put all the women and children up front. And it's a terrible situation.

And if we had laws, I could sit down, and you give me a group from the Democrats -- I could sit down and in one hour, we would solve catch and release, by getting rid of it. You know what catch and release is, Dennis? They walk over; if they put one foot on our land, we catch them. We then take the information, because we have -- it's impossible to bring them to a court.

We have to bring them to a court. So we bring them to a court, but the court is never there because you don't have enough judges. There aren't enough judges in the world. If you've got every judge in the world, you don't have enough judges. So you catch them and you release them. And they go into our society, because you're not allowed to release them back into theirs. And that's one of the better ones, okay? It's just a horrible situation.

We have the visa lottery, where we take people by lottery from countries. Now, just -- you know, from a business standpoint, do you think they're giving us their finest? We get some real beauties out of the lottery. These countries -- I mean, they're not stupid. They give us people that they don't want. And we have to take them.

So I could sit down with Democrats and work this thing out in one hour. And we need a wall. We have to have a wall. We're building a wall now, but we should build it very fast. We should built it -- frankly, we should build it even higher, because these people -- incredible. They can scale them; they can do things you wouldn't believe.

But we have a wall, it's going up. But we should be able to build that in one year. And we could do it in one year. So we'll see what happens. I think this is going to be a real wake-up call for the Democrats and for the public. And for the public. People are very angry about it. Very, very angry. Okay. Any other questions? Yeah.

Oh, please. Please. Don't be a baby. Okay? Take a look. Okay? Just take a look. Look at what's happening. Look at the Mexican soldiers that are laying on the ground.

Take a look. These are hardened -- I didn't say in all cases -- but in many cases, these are hardened criminals. These are tough, tough people. And I don't want them in our country, and neither does our country want them in our country. Okay? Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.