Well, I just want to thank everybody. The receptivity that we've had and the United States has had being here has been incredible. Sitting around this table are some of the greatest business leaders in the world, some of the greatest companies in the world. Probably, I can think of no other place or time where you'll have executives of this stature.

And I thought what I'd do is, first of all, I want to thank the professor for having done a fantastic job. Klaus, thank you very much. You have really done outstandingly. And putting this together at this level over many years has been a great tribute to you and your entire group and your entire family. So thank you very much. It's an honor to be here representing the United States.

I just want to say that there's been a lot of warmth, a lot of respect for our country. And a lot of money -- billions and billions of dollars -- is coming into the U.S. And people are very happy with what we've done, not only on the tax bill, but also cutting of regulations, and I think also being a cheerleader for our country.

ou know, if you're not a cheerleader for your company or for your country, no matter what happens, it's not going to work. And that's what I've been and that's what my whole group has been.

So perhaps I'll start on my left and you can go around. And here's one of the very big, powerful businesspeople of the world. And just say a few words about your company and whatever you'd like to do. Go ahead.

We said it. And, by the way, when he says he works for Siemens, he's the president of Siemens, but that's okay.  It's a good way of saying it. But go ahead.

Yeah, we work for our country. That's right.  Same thing. And Siemens is doing good?

Oh, that's a big thing. That's very big. That's fantastic.

Where will that be developed?

Oh, Charlotte is great. That's fantastic. Well, thank you. On behalf of Charlotte, thank you very much -- and our country.

Great company. Thank you very much. Great job.

And people think of Nestle for candy, but I read the other day that's actually only 3 percent of your company. So what is your primary product now?

Yes. Fantastic job you've done. Thank you very much. Professor.

That's very good. Has this been a very successful one, right here, now?

Has it all gone very well? Because it seems to really be going smoothly. A lot of really good relationships.

Well, we're honored to be here and be with you. Thank you for this.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Volvo.

That's right. Which are 100 percent made in the U.S.

How much with you will be investing?

That's great. Absolutely. Well, we're going to be doing a lot of that. I asked the question before, when I heard Volvo, and I know they own Mack truck -- I said, what's the difference in price between a Mack and a Volvo comparable truck? And you said --

He said they're both great, but a Mack is about 15 percent more.  That was very good. Thank you very much for that investment in the U.S. $2 billion is great. Thank you very much.

Adidas, good.

That's fantastic. Great job.

So what percentage of your company is the aspirin?

So that's a pretty small percentage.

I do. I take one a day.  I generally -- I should say, I only take Bayer.  One aspirin a day. So far, it's been working. But it's a great company. So are you going to be investing in the U.S.?

$16 billion, wow.

Thank you very much. That's really great. Thank you.

I do.

That's right.

And you founded one of the most successful businesses in China. That is a big statement. You did a great job. So it's a great honor to have you. Thank you very much. It's a fantastic job you've done. I know all about you. I know everything about you.  Thank you.

I know. You people have done what you've done. Congratulations.

So you're fourth in the world.

It's a great company.

And we'll rebuild that business. That whole thing is going to get rebuilt now, the solar panels. And you'll see a big difference. But that's very good. So from the U.S. standpoint, you're very happy about it?

You have competition?

That's what we wanted.  No, but you've done a great job. Thank you.

Appreciate it.

Wow.

So, Otis compared to the size of what you do, where are you --

It's a great company.

Great. That's good. Great product. I've used your product, as you know. Great product. Thank you very much.

Good news for a lot of people.

We're opening it up, and we're becoming energy self-sufficient very rapidly. We really, just about are hitting that mark.

And as you know, we're opening up a lot of different places in the U.S., including the plants that you're building. A lot of places are opening that would never even have -- they wouldn't have even conceived of them. So a lot of things are happening. Thank you. Great job you've done. Thank you very much.

Scott is great, and Alex is great. You know, Alex is just starting, and he's highly respected. So that's fantastic. Scott Gottlieb, as you know, is a star.

That's very good. Thank you very much.

Did you get a good price? Did you get a good price?

I know you got a -- you always get a good price.  I know who I deal with. He always gets a good price. That's good.

One year write-off. Big difference, right?

That's probably the biggest sleeper in the whole tax bill.

Thank you. Great job. Good luck with the GE purchase. Well done.

Sounds good. You'll be just fine.  Go ahead.

Yes. Anheuser-Busch.

Right. We know it well.

That's fantastic. That's good. Thank you very much. That's fantastic. Thank you very much.

I know.

And you have done a really spectacular job. I guess pretty much everybody at this table is your customer, so that's not so bad.

I want to congratulate you --

I want to thank everybody. Really, you have done incredible work, incredible jobs. These are some of the great companies of the world, many of the great companies of the world. And congratulations. And now we'll talk. And thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.