Well, thank you very much, everybody. I'll be leaving for Minnesota today. We have two stops; one a very big one, and it will be a lot of fun. I know a lot of you are going with us, so that will be interesting.

We're meeting right now on immigration. And we are very strong at the border, we're very strong on security. We want security for our country. The Republicans want security and insist on security for our country, and we will have that. At the same time, we have compassion. We want to keep families together; it's very important.

I'll be signing something in a little while that's going to do that. And the people in this room want to do that, and they're working on various pieces of legislation to get it done. But I'll be doing something that's somewhat preemptive but ultimately will be matched by legislation, I'm sure.

We're having a lot of problems with Democrats. They don't want to vote for anything. They don't care about lack of security. They really would like to have open borders, where anybody in the world can just flow in, including from the Middle East. From -- anybody, anywhere, they can just flow into our country. Tremendous problems with that. Tremendous crime caused by that. We're just not going to do it.

I do want to say that because we're all so busy, and I just mentioned to the congressmen and the senators in the room, that we are going to cancel and postpone tomorrow's Congressional Picnic. We have a Congressional Picnic tomorrow. And I was just walking over to the Oval Office and I said, you know, it doesn't feel right to have a picnic for Congress when we're working on -- doing something very important. We have many things that are important. We're talking about trade. We're talking about many, many things. But it didn't feel exactly right to me.

So we will be officially postponing the Congressional Picnic for tomorrow. We'll make it another time when things are going extremely well. And they are going, for the country, extremely well.

We have record-setting numbers in every way economically, but we want to solve this immigration problem, which is going on for 40 years, more. It's been going on forever. And we want to see if we can solve it. So we are cancelling or postponing the Congressional Picnic tomorrow. Would anybody in the room have any question or a statement that you'd like to make while the press is here? Anybody? Anybody?

And we all very much have the same views. We want to keep family together; at the same time, we have to be strong on the border. Otherwise, you'll have millions of people coming up -- not thousands, like we have now; you'll have millions of people flowing up and just overtaking the country. And we're not letting that happen. So we have to be very strong on the border, but, at the same time, we want to be very compassionate. Yes. Lamar.

Thank you, Lamar, very much. We need the Democrats' support, because we need their votes. It's very simple. You know, people say we have a majority. Well, we have a one majority in the Senate. We need 60. Unfortunately, we don't go with the majority; we go with 60. Someday, somebody will explain why, but that's the way it is. We have -- we need 60 votes; we have 51 votes at the most. So we need Democrat votes in order to do it, otherwise you can't do it. Tom, you were going to say something? Tom Cotton.

You're right. And you bring up something that I have to say. Our Border Patrol agents and our ICE agents have done one great job. ICE is throwing -- we're throwing, by the thousands, MS-13. They come into the country. We're liberating towns on Long Island and other places. We're throwing them out by the thousands. But we need laws that don't allow them to come back in. Mac, you've been very involved in this issue. Do you have anything to say?

I will say, with all of the numbers that you see, if we weren't strong on the border, you'd have hundreds of thousands of people pouring through the border. They'd just be pouring through, and the country would not be the country anymore. Lindsey?

Well, Lindsey, the dilemma is that if you're weak -- if you're weak, which people would like you to be -- if you're really, really pathetically weak, the country is going to be overrun with millions of people. And if you're strong, then you don't have any heart. That's a tough dilemma. Perhaps I'd rather be strong, but that's a tough dilemma.

Yes, go ahead, Ron.

So just so everybody knows, this deal was just about done. We had a deal signed. President Obama signed DACA. When he signed it, he said, I'm really not allowed to sign this, and I'm going to sign it anyway. But he actually said, I'm not allowed to sign this, never going to hold up. And they got a judge who held it up, and they got another one who held it up. Then we had a couple that turned it down, and it's going to be a Supreme Court issue.

But before it was held up, everyone assumed that the DACA would not be held up. But we had a deal with the Democrats. It was a deal that everybody agreed to. It was $25 billion.

We were going to build a wall. We would take care of many, many different things, including loopholes. And it was all done, except when this judge ruled in favor of DACA, meaning that it could continue until we get to the Supreme Court, all of a sudden, they weren't there anymore. And that's what happened, and that's why we're in this mess -- because we had a couple of court decisions, which is going to force an issue to the Supreme Court that shouldn't be forced to the Supreme Court. Yes, John.

Well, we're doing very well on trade, I will say. We've been really hurt as a country on trade, for many years. Despite bad trade deals, we're doing very well. And now we're making very good trade deals. Well, you'll be seeing that. They'll be announced pretty rapidly. We already have a couple that are made. But we're making great trade deals.

And honestly, we need people coming into our country. You know, we have a lot of companies coming into our country: Chrysler just announced. We have Foxconn is going up to Wisconsin, as you know, and a great company. They make the Apple iPhones and laptops and -- unbelievable company. We need people. We need people that work for these companies because they're coming in at a number that nobody ever thought possible.

Right, absolutely.

Right.

And, John, in many ways, they're using the children and always -- they're using the children as a ticket to getting into the country.

And we have to remember that. You know, there's a number of the 12,000 children; 2,000 are with the parents, and 10,000 came up with some really horrible people, in some cases. You have the coyotes, you have the traffickers -- the human traffickers -- not only drug traffickers, but you have the human traffickers. And they use these children as passports to get into the country. So we have to work on that, too. It's a very complex issue.

It has been going on -- you shouldn't feel guilty, because it's been going on for many, many years. Many, many decades. But we're going to solve that, along with a lot of other problems that we've already solved. We're doing well at solving problems.

You know, when I became President, we had North Korea; we had the Iran deal, which was no good; we had lots of problems with trade and bad trade deals. There are a lot of things that we've solved and we're solving that, in theory, I shouldn't have had to solve. These are things that should have been solved for a long time. Even on trade.

We should have never allowed our past leaders -- should have never allowed China to get to a point where there's a $500 billion trade deficit with the United States. When they went up, we should have gone up. We should have gone up together -- not where you allowed one to get so far ahead. And that includes the European Union and it includes many others. Shouldn't have happened.

So we came at a time where there were plenty of problems to solve, and one of the big problems is immigration. And I hope that within not too long a distance -- and I mean beyond just one problem of immigration. You can mention the word "comprehensive," or you don't have to use it. A lot of politicians don't like the word "comprehensive immigration reform."

But I really think we have an opportunity to redo the whole immigration picture, and that's what I'm looking to do, ultimately. But right now, we want to fix this problem and I think we'll be able to do that. Does anybody else -- David, do you want to say something?

Yes. Jim?

It's true. The military is really incredible. We're ordering new planes, new ships -- all jobs too. You know, jobs, I would say, in this case is a far second. But we're going to have a military like we've never had before, and it's great. $700 billion approved and $716 . And in that budget, $6 billion for opioid. That's an important thing, too. So a lot of progress is being made. Mike, did you have something to say? Mike Pence?

Thank you very much. Does anybody else have anything to say? Because I think we're pretty much -- yes, Adam.

He's doing a great job. He is doing a great job. Thank you, Adam, very much. Appreciate it. Anybody over here? Yes.

Right.

Please. Please, that would be very nice.

Thank you, Liz. And say hello to your father, please.

Great guy.

He looks good. Handsome guy. So thank you all very much. We appreciate it.

We are. We're looking to keep families together. It's very important.

We're going to be signing an executive order. We're going to also count on Congress, obviously. But we are signing an executive order in a little while. We're going to keep families together, but we still have to maintain toughness, or our country will be overrun by people, by crime, by all of the things that we don't stand for, that we don't want.

So I'm going to be signing an executive order in a little while before I go to Minnesota. But at the same time, I think you have to understand: We're keeping families together, but we have to keep our borders strong. We will be overrun with crime and with people that should not be in our country.

We're going to see what happens.

Yes. They affect everybody. Those images affect everybody. But I have to say that you have double standards. You have people that want absolute security and safety, and you have people that do look at the children. And then you have people like me, and I think most of the people in this room, that want both. We want the heart, but we also want strong borders, and we want no crime.

We don't want crime in this country. We don't want people coming in. We don't want people coming in from the Middle East through our border, using children to get through the lines. We don't want that. We're doing too good a job to allow that to happen. So we're not going to allow that to happen. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Nothing. This has been going on for -- when you say what took long -- this has been going on for 50 years, longer. This has been going on under President Obama, under President Bush. This has been going on for many, many years. We're going to see if we can solve it. This is not something that happened just now.

You look at the images from 2014. I was watching this morning, and they were showing images from 2014. They blow away what we're looking at today. And that was not during this; that was during the Obama administration. I saw images that were horrible. And you know the ones I'm talking about because I'm sure you all saw them too. We are going to see if we can solve the immigration problem like we've solved so many other problems. And I think we'll get it done. Thank you very much.

North Korea is doing great. North Korea is doing great. North Korea is doing great.

No, no, no. North Korea itself is doing really well. Thank you very much. Good job, Sarah.