Okay, thank you very much. I'm delighted to welcome both Republicans and Democrats. Nice sound. Isn't that a nice sound? And we won't be discussing DACA, but there's plenty of discussion right now going on about DACA from both the House and the Senate, to the White House.

We're here today to discuss a matter of vital importance to our nation's economy and security, and I've been discussing it for years. And I've certainly discussed it in great detail on the campaign trail. That's America's aluminum and steel industries, and many other industries where we are taken advantage of by other countries. And I alluded to it yesterday, too.

Last year, I directed the Secretary of Commerce to investigate whether steel and aluminum imports are threatening to impair U.S. national security. You see what's happened with our steel and aluminum industries. They're being decimated by dumping from many countries, in particular one, but many countries. They're dumping and destroying our industry and destroying the families of workers. And we can't let that happen.

Secretary Ross submitted the result of the investigations to me last month. My administration is now reviewing the reports and considering all options. And part of the options would be tariffs coming in. As they dump steel, they pay tariffs -- substantial tariffs -- which means the United States would actually make a lot of money, and probably our steel industry and our aluminum industry would come back into our country. Right now, it's decimated.

It'll make a decision, and I will make a decision that reflects the best interests of the United States, including the need to address overproduction in China and other countries. You have countries that are so overproducing, and what they're doing is they are dumping it on us. And you look at empty factories, steel factories, and plants, and it's a very sad thing to look at.

I've been watching -- I've been looking at them for two years, as I went around campaigning. No matter where you go, you look at them and see what happened to U.S. Steel and these other companies. They were the giants and now they're hanging on for their life.

I look forward to hearing your views, and I'd like to have some of you speak. And you have very strong -- I know, Roy, you do, and we all do, probably, have pretty strong views on this.

I look at it two ways: I want to keep prices down, but I also want to make sure that we have a steel industry and aluminum industry, and we do need that for national defense. If we ever have a conflict, we don't want to be buying the steel from a country that we're fighting because somehow that doesn't work very well.

But we hopefully won't have any conflicts, but we still have to consider that. And we have to look at the national defense, and we have to look at a steel industry. We cannot be without a steel industry. We cannot be without an aluminum industry. And so what we're talking about is tariffs and/or quotas.

I think maybe, Roy, would you like to start? We've discussed this over the past. Do you have any suggestion?

That's right.

Good. And I understand that very well. One thing I just -- I do want to tell you, we just got this notice. General Motors in Korea announces the first step in necessary restructuring. They're going to -- GM Korea company announced today that it will cease production and close its Gunsan plant in May of 2018, and they're going to move back to Detroit.

You don't hear these things, except for the fact that Trump became President. Believe me, you wouldn't be hearing that. So they're moving back from Korea to Detroit. They're moving.

Also, you saw Chrysler moving from Mexico to Michigan. And you have many other companies. They all want to be where the action is. The big tax cuts had a big impact. And Kevin knows that maybe better than anybody. But it had a big impact on that decision.

But when you see that General Motors -- we have a very bad trade deal with Korea. Very, very bad trade deal. It's a deal that -- it's incompetent that somebody could have made a deal like that.

So we have a horrible trade deal with Korea. But now, even before we do something with that -- because we're negotiating the trade deal with Korea, and we'll either negotiate a fair deal or we're going to terminate the deal. But before we do that, already General Motors is coming back into Detroit. That is a really significant statement. Many others to follow from many other countries.

Mike, go ahead.

So where did it go? It went to Korea?

The Korean Agreement -- as you know, Mike, and most of the people at this table -- that was done by the last administration. It was supposed to produce 150,000 to 200,000 jobs. And it did -- for Korea. For us, it produced nothing but losses. It's a horrible deal. All you have to do is look at it. You know it's going to be bad.

So the Korea deal was a disaster. It was supposed to be good for us, and it turned out to be very bad for us. And just -- you know, you're one example of it, but there are many examples all over the country. So I just think that General Motors moving back into Detroit is just a fantastic thing. That's just a sign of many other companies to come.

Mike Pence, would you have something to say?

And really, as Mike said, I want to hear from both sides. We have a lot of great representatives, both Democrats and Republicans. I want to hear from both sides before we make the decision.

In one case, you're going to create jobs. You may have a higher price or maybe a little bit higher, but you're going to have jobs. In the other case, you may have a lower price, but you're not going have jobs; it's going to be made in China and other places. So those are big decisions. But, to me, jobs are very important.

Todd, do you have something to say?

We've spoken to them very, very strongly. We've told them. We have something coming up in the very near future that you know. But we have told them it just can't continue.

We have a trade deficit with China -- that I inherited, by the way -- but we have a trade deficit of $504 billion, okay? So, if you think of it, when you look at how well they do, and how many bridges they're building, and how many jets they're building, and fighter planes -- we did it. We did it. People that sat in my seat allowed them to do this.

So we're not going to allow that. We're talking to them right now, very strongly. And hopefully we'll have a great relationship, but we're talking to them very strongly, Todd. You're right -- it's a big percentage of our deficits. And the money that we've lost and the jobs that we've lost to China, it's unthinkable that people allowed that to happen.

And this is over a period -- not just Obama. This is over a period of many years this has happened.

So thank you very much, Todd.

Pat, would you like to say something?

But they have transshipping.

They would ship to other countries, and their steel would come in from other countries so that you can't see where the steel is coming from.

That's all countries. That's all countries.

Well, the word "retaliation

And a great gentleman called me from India and he said, we have just reduced the tariff on motorcycles, reduced it down to 50 percent -- 5-0 -- from 75, and even 100 percent. And we have -- if you are Harley Davidson, you have 50 to 75 percent tax, tariff to get your motorcycle, your product in. And yet they sell thousands and thousands of motorcycles, which a lot of people don't know, from India into the United States. You know what our tax is? Nothing.

So I say we should have reciprocal taxes for a case like that. I'm not blaming India. I think it's great that they can get away with it. I don't know why people allowed them to get away with it. But there's an example that's very unfair. And I think we should have a reciprocal tax.

That's called fair trade. It's called free trade. Because ultimately, what's going to happen -- either we'll collect the same that they're collecting, or, probably, what happens is they'll end up not charging a tax and we won't have a tax. And that becomes free trade.

So we have too many examples like that. And the word "reciprocal

So we're going to change that, and we're going to make it fair. And that, I call that fair trade. And, again, one of two things will happen. But I think what's going to happen is they'll just reduce their tax to the same as our tax.

Mike, would you like to say something?

No, that number is going way up because of our big military spending now. You know we -- something we all agree on. We had to do a lot of work on our military. Our military had not been taken care of properly, and now it's being taken care of properly. So that 3 percent number will be going way up. But at the same time, it's not a tremendous -- you know, it's not -- as a percentage, it's not a tremendous number.

I will say this: Steel and aluminum are interesting. It will create a lot of jobs. I believe that some of the dumpers will eat a lot of the tax themselves because they do it to keep people working. And we do it for that and other reasons.

But I will say that a finished product is a much simpler thing. As an example, Germany sends us cars. We send them cars; they practically don't take them. I mean, how many Chevrolets do you see in the middle of Berlin? Not too many, folks.  Not too many. But they send Mercedes, they send BMW. They send them over here in tremendous numbers.

Japan sends us tremendous numbers of cars. They also make cars. In a way, there's no tax. All they have to do, Mike, is, very simple -- they do a factory here. There's no tax. Now all of a sudden there's no tax. So they'll build factories here in order to avoid the tax.

But with cars, with television sets, with things like that, where they're dumping them on us -- we don't make television sets anymore in this country. They come from South Korea, and they come from, to a lesser extent, Japan. Most of them come from South Korea. It's not fair. And I believe that we should have reciprocal taxes on that, likewise.

That's a different product, that's a much simpler -- you know, we did it with the washing machines, as you saw a couple of weeks ago. It's had a huge impact on that industry. A huge impact. And, by the way, you know what's happening? The people that made the washing machines outside of this country are now expanding their factories in the United States so they don't have to pay the 25 and 30 percent tax.

And the same thing is happening with the solar panels. We're starting to make -- we had 32 companies. I think we're down, Gary, to two, right? We made solar panels, but every one of our companies was wiped out. And I have to say this, and this is agreed to by -- we made a much higher quality, a much better solar panel. We make them better, but we couldn't compete. Now -- and we've had a lot of good -- a lot of places are opening up. They're starting to make solar panels again.

So with a finished product, it's a little bit different. But again, with steel and aluminum, which is what we're talking about today -- you know, that's a good point, Mike. You're right. The question is, would you rather pay a little bit more and create jobs all over the country?

And it's possible you won't be creating -- really, you won't be having much of a problem in terms of pricing. Because I actually think a lot of the countries are going to eat it because they want to continue to, you know, export. And they're making a fortune.

Look, we have rebuilt China. We have rebuilt a lot of -- with the money they've taken out of the United States. We're like the piggybank that had people running it that didn't know what the hell they were doing. And we have rebuilt countries, like, massively. You look at some of these countries -- look at South Korea, look at Japan, look at so many countries. And then we defend them, on top of everything else.

So we defend Saudi Arabia. They pay us a fraction of what it costs. We defend Japan. We defend South Korea. They pay us a fraction of what it costs. And we're talking to all of those countries about that because it's not fair that we defend them, and they pay us a fraction of the cost of that defense. Separate argument, but a real problem.

Gary, would you like to say something?

Senator, go ahead.

We can. It's a very easy one.

I agree. And I'd like you to come back with a suggestion on infrastructure and the plan. And I think that's a bipartisan plan.

I will tell you, when I approved the two pipelines -- the Keystone and -- you know, we did the two big ones. And when I approved them, I said, "Where's the steel being made?"" And they told me a location that did not make me happy. And I wrote down that from now on steel is being made for pipelines -- as you know

But if you would come back with a suggestion, that would be great.

Bob, what about 232?

Go ahead.

Good. I actually think that we can go bipartisan on infrastructure, maybe even more so than we can on DACA. Because the difference is we want to help DACA; you don't. Okay?  I'm kidding. I'm sure you do. I hope we can.

By the way, while we're at a table, I hope we can do DACA. That's currently up. Everybody is in there working hard on it right now. I think we can have a chance to do DACA very bipartisan. I think that can happen, and I hope we're going to be able to do that, Senator.

And I think we will.

On infrastructure, which is the purpose of what we're doing today, come back with a proposal. We put in our bid. Come back with a proposal. We have a lot of people that are great Republicans that want something to happen. We have to rebuild our country.

You know, I said yesterday, we've spent $7 trillion. When I say "spent

And if you want to borrow two dollars to build a road someplace, including your state, the great state of Ohio -- if you want to build a road, if you want to build a tunnel or a bridge, or fix a bridge, because so many of them are in bad shape, you can't do it. And yet, we spent $7 trillion in the Middle East. Explain that one.

We can do it fast.

We can do it fast.

Right. Do a combination.

I would love to have you get back to us quickly, because we can do this quickly. And we have to rebuild our country. We have to rebuild our roads and our bridges and our tunnels. So the faster you get back, the faster we can move. Focus on DACA this week, if you don't mind. Right? But the faster you get back, the faster we move.

Jackie, you were going to say?

But what you have to ask your manufacturers too --

-- and I know some of those manufacturers.  They were great to me.

And they're friends. And they voted. And they -- they're great people. But you have to ask them one question. When you build your product and you send that big, beautiful product that they make like nobody else, and you send that to another country, how much tax does that other country charge them? And therefore, they don't sell it there very much because the tax is so high.

And one of the things we want to do is we want fairness. We don't want what's been happening. Because you look at it and you do well here, but they come in and they compete with you, and we take their product for nothing. And you want to sell your product overseas -- which is probably triple the market for you if you ever could get it. But a lot of manufacturers have given up. They've given up on that. They don't even talk.

I will tell you, Harley Davidson -- I was saying, well, what's the story? They were saying it's a 75 and 100 percent tax. They got used to it for so many years. For so many years, they weren't even asking me to do this. I mean, I'm doing it for them and others, but they weren't even asking because they've gotten used to it.

And your folks have gotten used to it too. Because you take that great product and you sell it overseas, they make it almost impossible for you to do that -- not only monetarily with the tax, but they also have other criteria which make it impossible.

Okay. Let's --

No, I get it. We want a combination of big competition, including competition from within our country competing against that. And we want to take outside sources. But we want competition and we want the jobs.

And we want customer service. That's right. Any questions?

Yes. Senator -- Lamar.

How's healthcare going?

Good. That's what I hear.

Good.

Good.

Lamar, it didn't work for Bush, but nothing worked for Bush.

It didn't work for Bush but it worked for others. It did work for others. But you're right, it did not work for Bush.

Okay.

And you're right. Now, I have to say this: Canada has treated us very, very unfairly when it comes to lumber and timber. Very unfairly. So we have to understand that. You know, it's not just one thing or another. Canada has been very tough on this country when it comes to timber, lumber, and other things.

And they have not been easy when it comes to Wisconsin and our farmers. Because you try and ship product into Canada, if you're a farmer -- if you are a farmer up in Wisconsin and other places -- you try and ship your things up to Canada, it's been a very tough -- it's been a very tough situation for them, I will say that.

But I agree with what you're saying. It's very much a double-edged sword.

Ron.

Good.

You're right, Ron. I agree.

I agree with you 100 percent. I do have to say that we do have a pool of 100 million people, of which some of them -- many of them want to work; they want to have a job. A lot of them do better not working, frankly, under the laws. And people don't like to talk about it. But you're competing against government. And they have great potential. They sort of want to work, but they're making less if they work than if they stay home and do other things.

So we have to address that situation. That's a big problem.

But we have a pool of 100 million people, a lot of whom want to work. We will also have a much more merit-based immigration policy, where we're going to bring in people that are going to be great workers, and they'll really fill up Foxconn and all of the places.

Like, I was very instrumental in getting you Foxconn, as you know, through my friendships with that great company. And they're going to Wisconsin; it's going to be incredible. They're going to employ tremendous numbers of people. They're going to build one of the biggest plants in the world. So it's going to be very exciting.

But people will move there, but we do have a big pool of people that want to work, and they can.

Just to address the one other point -- we have a trade deficit with Canada. We have a big imbalance of at least $17 billion. And with Mexico, we have an imbalance, we have a trade deficit of $71 billion, and I believe that number is really much higher than that.

I might ask Bob Lighthizer to just discuss that. But were you going to say one other thing, Ron?

Good. Thank you, Ron.

Yes, go ahead.

They've been hammered by what?

Okay.

Why didn't the previous administration help the steel workers? Why didn't the previous administration work on 232?

Tremendous disservice.

Good. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Rob.

They're doing a lot of transshipping.

Well, they had little enforcement before. We're very strongly enforcing it now. And, Wilbur, you might want to talk about that. But we are very strongly -- but they have had not good enforcement previous to this.

Right. Well, you know, Rob, we have steel coming into our country from countries that don't even know what steel is. They don't make it, they never made it. It's transshipping. It's coming from China and some others, but mostly from China. And they send it through countries that don't make steel, and it comes pouring into our country -- and free. Free. And it's a very bad -- very bad situation.

Kevin.

That's right.

Okay. Very good. Thank you, Kevin.

Go ahead, Rick.

Right. That's right.

Rapidly.

Good. Thank you, Rick. Thank you very much.

Senator.

Well, that's also true. I agree.

You do have great workers. The problem is you didn't have good policy, and that's why so many jobs left. But now they're coming back. And they like coming back to Michigan.

Right.

Right.

You're right.

Good point.

I like that.

You have my help. I think it's a fantastic idea. Because you're right -- they can't hire the lawyers, it's too small. But it's -- you know, in a double way, it's very, very big.

Wilbur, are you working on that?

Good.

And the problem you have with that, though, is transshipping.

You think you're going to put a pinpoint on a country, but then they ship it to other countries that you're not even thinking about.

So you have to be careful with that.

Evildoers. That's a good word. Of which there are many.

You're doing a good job, Wilbur. Thank you.

We've been very -- we've been tough.

Go ahead. Fellas.

And deficits too? Deficits too?

You know, there are some people who don't believe in deficits. They think it doesn't matter. To me, I think it matters a lot.

Right.

I agree. I agree. And I know that area very well. You're right.

Yes.

And for a different reason, too. Because of what we've done, our energy prices are going so low, our electric costs are going so low, that other countries aren't going to be able to compete with us. We're really doing a great job of bringing them down. And a lot of that had to do with the tax cuts, but it has to do with lots of other things, too.

Go ahead. Tell me about that.

Well we all have to remember that there is no tax or there is no tariff, if they come in and build plants in this country. So there is no -- we're just talking about something, but there is nothing.

Steel is a little bit different than a car. It's a little bit different than a washing machine or any of the other things that we're doing or talking about doing. But nevertheless, you build your factory, you build your plant in the United States, there is no tax. So that's a big difference.

That's why I think you're going to see General Motors -- they're coming back. A lot of companies are coming back, and they're coming back to areas that you represent. It's a good feeling. That's a really good feeling.

Maybe I'll just have Bob finish up. Do you want to do that? Roy, were you going to say something real fast?

It's a good balance.

That's a good point. The word "balance"" is a very important word."

Yes, go ahead.

Right. I agree with that. Maybe you could just -- a very brief discussion of where you are with NAFTA. Because this is the group that is very interested in NAFTA.

Well, I want to thank everybody very much. I really would like to see you come back with a counterproposal on the infrastructure. I think we're going to get that done. I really believe that's -- we're going to get a lot of Democrats; we're going to get a lot of Republicans. We're going to get it done. It's something we should do. We have to fix our country. We have to fix our roads and our tunnels and bridges and everything.

So, if you can, work together on that. And I am ready, willing, and able. It's very important.

And then, of course, this week I know you're working very hard on DACA. Everybody in the room wants DACA. And let's see if we can get that done, and it would be a great achievement. They've been talking about it for many years, and, if we could do it, it would be a great achievement. And it would be something -- on a humane-basis, would be excellent.

So I want to thank you all for being here. If you have any suggestions, call me, call Gary, call Wilbur, call Bob. But I very much appreciate you being here. And if it's necessary, we'll have another meeting to iron out some points.

But on infrastructure, that is such a natural for us to get done, and I think we can probably do it. Thank you all very much. Thank you.