Thank you very much. We're here to discuss concrete steps of our nation that we have to take -- we have no choice and we don't want a choice -- we're going to take to prevent school shootings and keep our children safe. Following the horrific shooting in Parkland, my administration formed the School Safety Commission.

Today, the Commission released its official report, and that's a very important thing. These are some of the people -- parents and -- incredible parents that I've gotten to know -- and some of the people that are most involved with the tragedy of Parkland. The report includes nearly 100 detailed recommendations based on the input from families; educators; mental health practitioners; law enforcement; and federal, state, and local leaders.

And I will say this: Every one of them is knowledgeable. I want to thank Secretary Betsy DeVos for leading the Commission, along with the other Commission members -- Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker, Secretary Alex Azar, and Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen. Thank you very much. We're also joined by Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi -- thank you, Pam; Montana Superintendent Elsie Arntzen; Kentucky Sheriff Kevin Byars; and president of the Santa Fe Texas School Board, Rusty Norman.

Thank you all very much. Thank you everybody for being here. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Most importantly, we are honored to be joined by Carson Abt, a brave survivor of the Parkland shooting; along with families who have lost their loved ones in this horrible, horrible school shooting -- Andy Pollack, Ryan Petty, Max Schachter, Scarlett Lewis, and JT Lewis.

Terrific people. Your courage in the face of this horrible event -- the grief -- inspires us all. Last week, I met with Max, Ryan, and many other Parkland families. We are profoundly grateful to all of the families who are working with us to help prevent others from suffering the same terrible heartache and tragedy.

My administration is pursuing a comprehensive strategy to address school violence. We enacted two critical reforms into law. The Fix NICS Act, which you know about, which strengthens very strongly the background checks for firearm purchases. And the STOP School Violence Act, which provides grants to schools to improve safety.

And they've gone a long way -- who have also secured historic levels of funding to give schools and police more resources to protect their students. This morning, we also completed the process to issue a new regulation banning bump stocks. And Matt will be talking about that in a minute. We've taken important steps, but much work remains to be done, as always.

Today, we are reviewing the recommendations put forward by the School Safety Commission. These include fixing mental health laws so that families and law enforcement can get treatment immediately to those who need it; encouraging states to adopt extreme risk protection orders, which give law enforcement and family members more authority to keep firearms out of the hands of those who pose a danger to themselves and to others; launching a No Notoriety campaign, which would encourage the media not to use the names or, frankly, anything having to do with the shooters.

I see it all the time; they make these people famous. And they're not famous; they're opposite. They're horrible, horrible people. I think that's a very important one -- No Notoriety campaign. Supporting local efforts to create a culture that cherishes life and fosters deep and meaningful human connections, allowing highly trained school personnel to have access to firearms.

According to the Department of Homeland Security, the average duration of an active shooter incident at a school is under five minutes. All of this horrible carnage takes place in a very short period of time. That is why it's critical to have armed personnel available at a moment's notice. These are people -- teachers, in many cases -- that are the highest trained that you can get.

People that are natural to firearms. People that know how to handle them. People that have great experience and, on top of the experience, have taken courses. And they're right on the site. This is critical to the hardening of our schools against attack. Also they love our students. I've seen the teachers.

I've seen so many of them, over the last two years especially where something has happened, and they truly love their students. And, by loving their students, they want to fight for their students more than anybody else would. But for any strategy to succeed, there must be accountability to all levels of government, and we must ensure communities can respond quickly and decisively to warning signs, stopping tragedy before it strikes.

And that's obviously our number-one goal: stopping it before it ever happens. I look forward to discussion today. And we're going to have a big discussion. And you can stay around, if you want, for a little while. Some of these folks have incredible things to say. Incredible. And the incredible ideas -- we couldn't have had the ideas that they have as parents and as loved ones.

Nothing is more important than protecting our nation's children. So, with that, I'd like to just ask Betsy to say a few words. And, Matt, you're going to talk about bump stocks.

And we'll go around and talk to some of the folks. Please, Betsy.

Thank you.

Thank you, Betsy.

Appreciate it. Matt.

Good. And the bump stocks -- so you have to go through a statutory period. And once you go through that period, that's going to be the end of bump stocks.

Right

Good. Good. And that took a lot of legal work, and good legal work. Thank you very much.

When you say "positive" -- positive in that --

Good. Okay, good. That's very good. Thank you very much, Matt. Pam.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Good job you do. Great job in Florida.

What about you, Max?

Thank you very much. Great job you've done, too. Appreciate it. Carson, please.

It's true.

Thanks, Carson. I appreciate it. Andy.

Thank you very much Andy. Scarlett?

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Secretary?

Thank you very much. Thanks, Kirstjen. Please, Ryan.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. There's been a lot of love doing this. You know, it's very interesting, when you talk about the report and people are loving it in terms of -- hopefully, it's going to be very effective, it's going to be put to good use. But it came out of a lot of great and, really, brilliant people, and people that love what they're doing because they understand where it's all coming from and where it's going, and what you want to accomplish, much more so than just haphazardly putting a group of experts in charge.

So I just want to thank everybody so much. Thank you very much. Alex?

So, thank you, Mr. Secretary. I appreciate it. You have done a fantastic job. We appreciate it very much. Rusty?

Thank you very much, Rusty. I appreciate it. Thank you. JT?

Thank you. Thank you, JT.

I know.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Please. Sheriff?

Thank you very much. Thank you, Sheriff. Please.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. So this is available to everybody. I think you probably have a copy; if not, we'll get you one. And it will be at your disposal. And, more importantly, it will be sent all over the country to different schools. And I think we have a lot of tremendous ideas here put up by tremendous people.

So thank you all for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you.

We'll see what happens.

Too early to say, sorry. Thank you. Thank you everybody.

Thank you very much, everybody. We need border security. Thank you very much everybody.