Well, thank you very much. It's my great honor to be here today with some of the leading pastors and faith leaders from across our nation. These are great people, most of whom I know. And my administration is open, 100 percent, and we have been. We've had tremendous support, and I appreciate that. I appreciate you all being here today. In case you don't know, that's called "the media."  They're wonderful people. I like you better.

I'm very happy to welcome these great leaders, including my good friends Pastor Paula White, Bishop Harry Jackson, Dr. Alveda King. Thank you for being here, by the way.

Darrell Scott, who's been with me from -- I think before I even announced. He was saying, "You should run." Thank you, Darrell.

Today we'll discuss the progress we've made -- and it's been tremendous -- and the next steps we must take to continue bringing opportunity and safety to all of our citizens.

Throughout our history, America's churches and religious leaders have called for change and have inspired us to care for and bring hope back to those in need. So many people in need. These are the people that -- they do a job, and it's really, largely unrecognized, which is something they don't even care about, frankly. They just want to take care of people. But the people realize it, and they love you. They love you very much. You know that.

By cutting taxes, reducing regulation, increasing American energy, and promoting American manufacturing -- a situation where, as you remember, the other side of the equation said people don't want to do manufacturing anymore. I said, "Well, they don't want to make things?" Well, it turns out we're doing record business in manufacturing.

We've increased and created 3.7 million more jobs since Election Day. African American and Hispanic unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels in recorded history, meaning history -- the lowest levels ever. African American and Hispanic. Asian also. Women also -- 66 years.

We've launched a bold workforce training initiative. So far, over 100 companies and associations have already pledged to train and retrain over 4 million Americans. So important, because we have companies, once again, coming back into our country, and they want to employ people. So we're training and working with these people, and we're getting companies to do the same. It's been -- actually, it's been a very beautiful thing.

We fought very hard to include "Opportunity Zones" in our tax bill, which, as you know, we have. This tax incentive will bring badly needed investment into distressed communities -- communities with high unemployment, communities where it's really tough, and tough to get a job. And already, we're seeing what's happening. We're seeing the benefits.

Our focus on opportunity for every citizen includes helping former prisoners. These citizens reentering society have had a tough time. We want them to get jobs so they don't have to return to a life of crime and go back into the same prison where they just got out. I mean, this has been a tremendous problem. And the best thing we could do, actually, is exactly what we're doing: creating an environment where the country is doing so well.

And prisoners have never, ever, even close, done better than they've done now when they get out, because they're getting jobs. And the reason is, it's hard to get people because we're pretty well filled up. So for the first time probably, I think I could say, ever, they're getting a break.

And I have to tell you, the people that are hiring prisoners -- and you've heard me say it -- they're loving them. And I don't mean in every case. But in a big percentage of cases, they're loving them. And these are people that are doing, really, an incredible job.

But a lot of people didn't want to do it; they didn't want to hire prisoners. They're doing it. I have one man, a friend of mine, he's now up to number 10. And I don't say he loved all 10, but he liked 7 of them a lot.  In fact, said six of them are better than anybody else he has. I don't think that's a bad percentage. Right?  And he's a fan. And a lot of people are becoming fans.

We passed the First Step Act through the House, and we're working with the Senate to pass that into law. And I think we'll be able to do it. When we say "hire American," we mean all Americans -- every American, everybody.

We cannot have opportunity without safety. We're working every day with local and federal law enforcement to reduce violent crime all over the country. I mean, you look all over the world -- you think -- but all over our country. And the numbers are going down.

Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, surrounded by a loving family, with access to a great education that leads to a lifelong career, and success, and all of the things that go with great success.

We also underscore the crucial importance of faith in fostering strong families and communities. And I just want to again thank you all for being here. And you're very special people. I don't even know if you know that, but you're very special people.

You're admired by everybody in this country. Even if they're not believers, most of them admire what you're doing. But maybe we'll make them believers, right?  We're going to work. And I'd like to ask John Gray, if we might, if you could just start off with a prayer.

Thank you, John.

Thank you, John. I think he's done that before. What do you think?  I appreciate it. Thank you. Maybe we can go around the room. And we'll start -- well, my friend from the beginning. Thank you.

Maybe just say a couple of words, Alveda, if you will.

They're opening up.

They're opening up.

The dumping is stopping. You know, the dumping.

Yeah, the dumping is stopping and the steel mills are opening.

United States Steel just announced another two plants. They're up to eight. Nucor, just yesterday, opening a big one -- a brand-new one -- $250 million in Florida.

The steel mills are coming back, and we need steel in our country.

We need it for defense. We need it for a lot of reasons. We can't let that happen. They were ready to be gone. It was ready to be extinct. We had to get our steel from other countries. We can't do that.

So, thank you for mentioning that.

Thank you. Yeah, they're really opening. It's an incredible story. Please.

Yes.

Well, thank you very much. And, you know, it's something that should have been done a long time ago -- prison reform.

And, Paula and Jared, I want to really thank you for the job you've done. It's really incredible. But a lot of people are saying, "You mean it's the Trump administration that's doing this?" You understand. They don't believe it. But we're really making a tremendous amount of progress, and it's a beautiful thing to watch. Thank you, Jon.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you.

It's a great state, too.

Great people. Thank you.

That's really nice. I appreciate it, both. Thank you very much.

I appreciate that. Thank you very much. It's very nice.

Thank you very much.

My honor. Thank you.

Well, thank you. You know, the churches weren't so much acknowledged, you know that, over the last number of years. We acknowledge.

These are great, great people.

Thank you very much. Paula?

Thank you, Paula. Thank you for everything.

Jared, would you like to say something?

That's really nice. And, you know, Jared is working on a lot of very important things. But this has become, I think, just about number one on your list. Who would have thought?  Who would have thought? It's just been great the way you've done. I think I speak for the room when I say we appreciate it. Great job. Marvin.

Well, thank you, Marvin. Great family. Great family.

Thank you. That's very nice. I appreciate it. Darrell?

Thank you. I have to say one thing about Darrell. So, I didn't know him at all. And I'm watching one of the, I would say, "unfriendly" groups of broadcasters, to put it nicely. And I said, "Who is that guy?" He was destroying them. I say, "Who is he?" And then I saw him two or three times. And I said, "I have to meet him."

But I want to just thank you. You have been incredible. You are some voice. And when I heard -- okay, tell them, how long are you married? Tell me.

Okay. So I thought he was like 35 years old.  So did you. And then he said, "Say hello to my wife." And he said, "I've been married 39 years." I said, "You're married 39 years? I thought you were 35 years old." Right?  But you're doing a good job. You're obviously doing it right because you look great and we really appreciate it.

Right from the beginning.

Great.

Good job.

Thank you, Darrell. Appreciate it.

Well, one of the big things we've done is the Johnson Amendment. You know, you're free to do what you want to do now. You couldn't -- you couldn't talk because you were afraid of a lot of bad repercussion. And we -- as you know, we've taken that off. That's a bad -- that was a bad thing.

That was a bad thing that Lyndon Johnson did a long time ago. He had to have a lot of power to get it done, but you now are free to say what you want. And when you want to support somebody, you support that. It doesn't have to be me. Of course, I hope it's me. But you're free.

You know, you're the people that we respect. And you were really not able to say what was on your mind. And we want you to say what was on your mind and what is on your mind. So I think getting rid of that is a big, big factor. And at some point in the not-too-distant future, we're going to put it through Congress.

In addition to just an executive order, we're going to put it through Congress. We're going to get rid of it permanently because it should not be here. Okay? We're going to work on that. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Great place. Great place. Thank you.

That's very nice. Thank you. So you were surprised to get that call right after you talked to , right?

You know who that -- right.

Thank you, Reverend.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

That's very nice. And I'll get over there, too.

We'll get over there. Thank you.

Wow.

Thank you very much.

Very nice.

Thank you. Thank you, Harry. Appreciate it. John.

Thank you, John.

How many people in your church?

Yeah, that's what I heard. I heard it's really incredible. Very quick.

Some of them -- 45,000, 50,000 people. Some of you even more than that. So I congratulate you all, and it's an honor to have you here. And you always have a friend in the White House. You know that. Harry, you know that. Right? Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.