Well, thank you very much. It's great to have the highly respected President of Kazakhstan with us. We have a tremendous relationship in terms of economics. A lot of goods are being purchased from our country, meaning jobs -- General Electric, Boeing. Tremendous amounts of money.

Kazakhstan is doing very well. They're really -- they've turned things around. They have a lot of advantages over some nations, frankly, and they have some tough situations. But the President is highly respected and has done a great, great job. And it's an honor to be with you.

We were together in Saudi Arabia, developed an immediate relationship, and it's really terrific what you've done. And thank you for being here.

Thank you very much.

Well, thank you very much. And we've been talking a little bit about the economies and our economy. And as the President has already said and has said again, and will say again, we have broken a lot of records. We're breaking another one today.

The stock market is way up. Jobs are back. Black unemployment is the best it's ever been in recorded history. It's been fantastic. And it's the best number we've had with respect to black unemployment. We've never seen anything even close, so we're very honored by that.

And our country is doing very well. Economically, we've never had anything like it. I don't believe we've ever been in a position -- and the President was so saying -- we've never been in a position like we have.

Many countries -- many companies are moving back from other countries where they left the United States, and they're now moving back into the United States. We had some big announcement recently with Chrysler going back to Michigan. We had Toyota coming in, and it's going to build a massive plant. We have many, many companies coming in, and they're building in the United States, and that means jobs.

So I appreciate all the nice things you've said, and I look forward to our luncheon and I look forward to our discussions. And with that, I just want to thank everybody for being here.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

I want them to come in from everywhere -- everywhere. Thank you very much, everybody.

Out.

No idea. Really no idea.