Well, thank you very much, everyone, for being here. I'm thrilled to be with a distinguished group of Republican and Democratic lawmakers from both the House and the Senate. We have something in common, we'd like to see this get done, and you know what this means.

We are here today to advance bipartisan immigration reform that serves the needs of the American families, workers, and taxpayers. It's DACA. We've been talking about DACA for a long time. I've been hearing about it for years, long before I decided to go into this particular line of work. And maybe we can do something.

We have a lot of good people in this room. A lot of people that have a great spirit for taking care of the people we represent -- we all represent. For that reason, any legislation on DACA, we feel -- at least a strong part of this group feels -- has to accomplish three vital goals.

And Chairman Goodlatte will be submitting a bill over the next two to three days that will cover many of the things. And, obviously, that will -- if it gets passed, it will go to the Senate and we can negotiate and we'll see how it turns out. But I feel having the Democrats in with us is absolutely vital because it should be a bipartisan bill. It should be a bill of love. Truly, it should be a bill of love, and we can do that.

But it also has to be a bill where we're able to secure our border. Drugs are pouring into our country at a record pace and a lot of people are coming in that we can't have. We've greatly stiffened, as you know, and fewer people are trying to come in.

But we have tremendous numbers of people and drugs pouring into our country.

So, in order to secure it, we need a wall. We need closing enforcement -- we have to close enforcement loopholes. Give immigration officers -- and these are tremendous people, the border security agents, the ICE agents -- we have to give them the equipment they need, we have to close loopholes, and this really does include a very strong amount of different things for border security.

I think everybody in the room would agree to that. I think that we -- it's a question of the amounts. But I think everyone agrees we have to have border security. I don't think there would be anybody that says "no."""

Second, it has to be a bill to end chain migration. Chain migration is bringing in many, many people with one, and often it doesn't work out very well. Those many people are not doing us right. And I think a lot of people in the room -- and I'm not sure I can speak for everybody, but a lot of the people in this room want to see chain migration ended.

And we have a recent case along the West Side Highway, having to do with chain migration, where a man ran over -- killed eight people and many people injured badly. Loss of arms, loss of legs. Horrible thing happened, and then you look at the chain and all of the people that came in because of him. Terrible situation.

And the other is -- cancel the lottery program. They call it "visa lottery

But they put people that they don't want into a lottery and the United States takes those people. And again, they're going back to that same person who came in through the lottery program. They went -- they visited his neighborhood and the people in the neighborhood said, "oh my God

So those three things are paramount. These are measures that will make our community safer and more prosperous. These reforms are supported by the overwhelming majority of Americans. They're from every standpoint, from every poll, and they're being requested by law enforcement officers.

I had the big meeting with ICE last week; I had a big meeting with the Border Patrol agents last week. Nobody knows it better than them. As an example, on the wall, they say, "sir

And we don't need a 2,000-mile wall. We don't need a wall where you have rivers and mountains and everything else protecting it. But we do need a wall for a fairly good portion. We also -- as you know, it was passed in 2006 -- a essentially similar thing, which -- a fence, a very substantial fence was passed. But, unfortunately, I don't know, they never got it done. But they need it.

So I'm appealing to everyone in the room to put the country before party, and to sit down and negotiate and to compromise, and let's see if we can get something done. I really think that we have a chance to do it. I think it's very important. You're talking about 800,000 people -- and we're talking about lots of other people are also affected, including people that live in our country. That's from the security standpoint.

So maybe the press can stay for a little while and a couple of folks can make statements and I don't mind the statements. We want to have this as a very open forum. I will say, though, that I really do believe Democratic and Republican -- the people sitting around this table -- want to get something done in good faith. And I think we're on our way to do it.

This was an idea I had last week. I was sitting with some of our great Republican senators and we all agreed on everything. It was a great meeting. Right? David, right? We had a great meeting -- Tom. It was perfect.

Then I said, "yeah

Dick, perhaps you'd like to say a few words?

I agree with that, Dick. I very much agree with that. Tom, would you like to say something? Tom Cotton.

And, interestingly, when you say that, President Obama, when he signed the executive order, actually said he doesn't have the right to do this. And so you do have to go through Congress, and you do have to make it permanent, whether he does, whether he doesn't -- let's assume he doesn't, he said it -- and that was a temporary stopgap, I don't think we want that. I think we want to have a permanent solution to this. And I think everybody in this room feels that way very strongly.

Well, I also think that, after we do DACA -- and I really believe we should be able to be successful -- I really think we should look in terms of your permanent solution and to the whole situation with immigration. I think a lot of people in this room would agree to that also, but we'll do it in steps. And most people agree with that, I think, that we'll do the steps. Even you say, 'let's do this, and then we go phase two.'

Kevin, what would you like to say?

Well, I think a good starting point would be Bob Goodlatte, who has done a bill, and I understand you're ready to submit it. And you're going to take that and you'll submit it and they'll negotiate it in Congress or the House. And then it goes to the Senate, and they'll negotiate -- both Republican and Democrat. But it could be a good way of starting.

Now, if anyone has an idea different from that -- but, I think, starting in the House. Starting in the House -- Mike, you good? You're ready. I think you're ready to go.

I would like to add the words "merit"" into any bill that's submitted because I think we should have merit-based immigration like they have in Canada

But I think merit-based should be absolutely added to any bill, even if it has to do with DACA. That would be added to the things I said. I think it would be popular. I can tell you, the American public very much wants that.

But, Bob, where are you with the bill?

And, Dick, you and the Democrats are going to have a lot of things that they're not going to agree -- you're going to talk to us about it. I just felt that this is something that was long overdue. You'd have a meeting and you'd say, this is what we want. We'd have a meeting -- and this has been going on for years. And I just -- you know, at a certain point, maybe I'll just lock the doors and I won't let anybody out --  -- until they come and agree.

Michael, do you have something to say about the bill?

Well, there are so many points of agreement, and a lot of it is common sense. And I really think we're going to come out very well.

David Perdue, do you have something to say?

I think you're right. I think it could be done very quickly.

Would anybody have anything to say prior to the press leaving?

Yes.

Okay, good. And I think a lot of people would agree with that. We need our military -- I can't say more than ever before. We had wars. Right, Lindsey? We had a lot of other areas and times. But we need our military desperately. Our military has been very depleted. We're rebuilding, and we're building it up quickly, and we're negotiating much better deals with your purveyors and with your manufacturers and with your equipment-makers -- much better than it was before.

I looked at boats that started off at $1.5 billion, and they're up to $18 billion, and they're still not finished. In this case, a particular aircraft carrier. I think it's outrageous. So we're very much agreeing with you on that one.

Would anybody like to say? Yes, Steny, go ahead.

But, Steny, we do have to take politics out of the military. We need that military. All the other things we talk about, we're not going to be here if we don't have the right military. And we need our military, and we need it stronger than ever before, and we're ready to do it. But we have to take politics out of the military.

One thing that I think we can really get along with on a bipartisan basis -- and maybe I'm stronger on this than a lot of the people on the Republican side, but I will tell you, we have great support from the Republicans -- is infrastructure. I think we can do a great infrastructure bill. I think we're going to have a lot of support from both sides, and I'd like to get it done as quickly as possible.

Yes, John.

Thank you. Very well said. One of the reasons I'm here, Chuck, so importantly, is exactly that. I mean, normally you wouldn't have a President coming to this meeting. Normally, frankly, you'd have Democrats, Republicans, and maybe nothing would get done.

Our system lends itself to not getting things done, and I hear so much about earmarks -- the old earmark system -- how there was a great friendliness when you had earmarks. But of course, they had other problems with earmarks. But maybe all of you should start thinking about going back to a form of earmarks. Because this system --  --

This system --  -- but you should do it, and I'm there with you, because this system really lends itself to not getting along. It lends itself to hostility and anger, and they hate the Republicans. And they hate the Democrats. And in the old days of earmarks, you can say what you want about certain Presidents and others, where they all talk about they went out to dinner at night and they all got along, and they passed bills. That was an earmark system, and maybe we should think about it.

And we have to put better controls because it got a little bit out of hand, but maybe that brings people together. Because our system right now, the way it's set up, will never bring people together.

Now, I think we're going to get this done -- DACA. I think we're going to get -- I hope we're going to get infrastructure done in the same way.

But I think you should look at a form of earmarks. I see Lindsey nodding very hard "yes."""

A lot of the pros are saying that if you want to get along and if you want to get this country really rolling again, you have to look at a different form, because this is obviously out of control.

The levels of hatred -- and I'm not talking about Trump. I'm talking you go back throughout the eight years of Obama and you go before that, the animosity and the hatred between Republicans and Democrats.

I remember when I used to go out in Washington, and I'd see Democrats having dinner with Republicans. And they were best friends, and everybody got along. You don't see that too much anymore. In all due respect, you really don't see that. When was the last time you took a Republican out? Why don't you guys go and have dinner together?

But you don't see it. So maybe, and very importantly, totally different from this meeting, because we're going to get DACA done -- I hope we're going to get DACA done, and we're going to all try very hard -- but maybe you should start bringing back a concept of earmarks. It's going to bring you together. You're going to do it honestly. You're going to get rid of the problems that the other system had -- and it did have some problems. But one thing it did is it brought everyone together. And this country has to be brought together. Okay? Thank you.

Yes, Lindsey?

Sounds like fun.

I think it's a very important thing, because our system is designed, right now, that everybody should hate each other. And we can't have that. You know, we have a great country. We have a country that's doing very well in many respects. We're just hitting a new high on the stock market again, and that means jobs.

I don't look at the stocks, I look at the jobs. I look at the 401(k)s, I look at what's happening, where police come up to me and they say, "Thank you. You're making me look like a financial genius"" -- literally -- meaning about them. And their wives never thought that was possible

No, the country is doing well in so many ways, but there's such divisiveness, such division. And I really believe we can solve that. I think this system is a very bad system in terms of getting together. And I'm going to leave it up to you, but I really believe you can do something to bring it together.

Thank you, Lindsey. You know, it's very interesting because I do have people that are -- just to use a very common term -- very far right and very far left. They're very unhappy about what we're doing, but I really don't believe they have to be, because I really think this sells itself. And, you know, when you talk about comprehensive immigration reform, which is where I would like to get to eventually -- if we do the right bill here, we are not very far way. You know, we've done most of it. You want to know the truth, Dick? If we do this properly, DACA, you're not so far away from comprehensive immigration reform.

And if you want to take it that further step, I'll take the heat, I don't care. I don't care -- I'll take all the heat you want to give me, and I'll take the heat off both the Democrats and the Republicans. My whole life has been heat.  I like heat, in a certain way. But I will.

I mean, you are somewhat more traditional politicians. Two and a half years ago, I was never thinking in terms of politics. Now I'm a politician. You people have been doing it, many of you, all your lives. I'll take all the heat you want. But you are not that far away from comprehensive immigration reform. And if you wanted to go that final step, I think you should do it. And if you want to study earmarks to bring us all together, so we all get together and do something, I think you should study it.

Chuck, did you have something to say?

Chuck, that's going to be brought up. I really believe that will be brought up as part of what we're talking about, at some point. It's an incentive for people to do a good job, if you want to know the truth. That whole path is an incentive for people -- and they're not all kids. I mean, we're used to talking about kids. They're not really kids. You have them 39, 40 years old, in some cases. But it would be an incentive for people to work hard and do a good job. So that could very well be brought up.

That's hard to believe. When was the last time that happened?

But you're going to negotiate those things. You're going to sit down and you're going to say, listen, we can't agree here, we'll give you half of that, we're going to -- you're going to negotiate those things.

No, we're not talking about comprehensive. Now we're talking about --

If you want to go there, it's okay because you're not that far away.

I think if you want to take it a step further, you may -- I'm going to have to rely on you, Dick -- but you may complicate it and you may delay DACA somewhat.

But you're going to negotiate. Dick, you're going to negotiate. Maybe we will agree and maybe we won't. I mean, it's possible we're not going to agree with you and it's possible we will, but there should be no reason for us not to get this done.

And, Chuck, I will say, when this group comes back -- hopefully with an agreement -- this group and others from the Senate, from the House, comes back with an agreement, I'm signing it. I mean, I will be signing it. I'm not going to say, "Oh

Senator, would you like to say something?

I remember that. I have no problem. I think that's basically what Dick is saying. We're going to come up with DACA. We're going to do DACA, and then we can start immediately on the phase two, which would be comprehensive.

Yeah, I would like -- I would like to do that.  Go ahead. I think a lot of people would like to see that, but I think we have to do DACA first.

And the lottery.

And I think you should add merit. I mean, if you can, add merit-based.  I don't think -- I don't know who is going to argue with merit-based? Who can argue with merit-based?

Dianne, go ahead.

I think what we're all saying is we'll do DACA and we can certainly start comprehensive immigration reform the following afternoon. Okay? We'll take an hour off and then we'll start.

I do believe that. Because once we get DACA done -- if it's done properly -- with, you know, security, and everything else --

If it's done properly, we have taken a big chunk of comprehensive out of the negotiation, and I don't think it's going to be that complicated.

Yes.

Go ahead.

David, I think chain migration has taken a very big hit over the last six months. People are seeing what's happening.

People -- for instance, the man on the Westside Highway that killed the people and so badly wounded. You know, it's incredible when they talk about wounded, they don't say that arms are off, and legs are off, one person lost two legs. You know, nobody talks about it. They said eight died, but they don't talk about the twelve people that have no legs, no arms, and all of the things. So I'm talking about everybody.

I really believe that when you talk about the subject that we're all mentioning right now, I think they had -- how many people came in? Twenty-two to twenty-four people came in through him. He's a killer. He's a guy who ran over eight -- many people -- eight died; ten to twelve are really badly injured. So I really think that a lot of people are going to agree with us now on that subject. I really don't see there's a big --

David, the chain immigration, though, has taken a very big hit in the last year with what's happening. I mean, you're looking at these killers -- whether you like or not -- we're looking at these killers and then you see, 18 people came in, 22 people came in, 30 people came in, with this one person that just killed a lot of people. I really don't believe there are a lot of Democrats saying, "We will be supporting chain migration

Jeff.

That's okay. So I think that's why we make it a phase two. We do a phase one, which is DACA and security, and we do phase two, which is comprehensive immigration. And I think we should go right to it, I really do. We do one and we then do the other. But we go right to it.

Yes.

I agree.

I agree, Bob. And you know what? We're going to negotiate that. I agree, and I think a lot of people agree on both sides.

Henry?

Not the ones I spoke to.

Not the ones I spoke to. They say, without the wall, we cannot have border security.

All you have to do is ask Israel. Look what happened with them.

Henry, without the wall, you can't have it.

Well, they didn't do a very good job.

We have massive miles of area where people are pouring through. Now, one of the good things, because of our rhetoric or because of the perceived -- you know, my perceived attitude -- fewer people are trying to come through. That's a great thing.

And therefore -- I mean, our numbers have been fantastic, maybe for all the right reasons.

I did. Very good game.

Henry, we stopped them. We stopped them. You know why? Mexico told me, the President told me, everybody tells me -- not as many people are coming through their southern border because they don't think they can get through our southern border and therefore they don't come. That's what happened with Mexico. We did Mexico a tremendous favor.

The point is -- I know, we always give everybody -- every other nation gets money except ours.

We're always looking for money. We give the money to other nations. That we have to stop.

Right. And we're going after those.

Henry, we're going after them like never before. We're going after the stash houses --

And you folks are going to have to -- you're one voice -- you folks are going to have to come up with a solution.

And if you do, I'm going to sign that solution.

We have a lot of smart people in this room. Really smart people. We have a lot of people that are good people, big hearts. They want to get it done.

I think almost everybody -- I can think of one or two I don't particularly like, but that's okay.

I'm trying to figure that out. Everybody wants a solution. You want it, Henry.

I think we have a great group of people to sit down and get this done. In fact, when the media leaves, which I think should be probably pretty soon.  But I like -- but I will tell you, I like opening it up to the media because I think they're seeing, more than anything else, that we're all very much on a similar page. We're on the same page.

And, Henry, I think we can really get something done.

So why don't we ask the media to leave. We appreciate you being here.

No, there wouldn't be. You need it. John, you need the wall. I mean, it's wonderful -- I'd love not to build the wall, but you need the wall.

And I will tell you this, the ICE officers and the Border Patrol agents -- I had them just recently on -- they say, if you don't have the wall -- you know, in certain areas, obviously, that aren't protected by nature -- if you don't have the wall, you cannot have security. You just can't have it. It doesn't work.

And part of the problem we have is walls and fences that we currently have are in very bad shape. They're broken. We have to get them fixed or rebuilt.

But, you know, you speak to the agents, and I spoke to all of them. I spoke -- I lived with them. They endorsed me for President, which they've never done before -- the Border Patrol agents and ICE. They both endorsed Trump. And they never did that before. And I have a great relationship with them. They say, sir, without the wall, security doesn't work; we're all wasting time.

Now, that doesn't mean 2,000 miles of wall because you just don't need that because of nature, because of mountains and rivers and lots of other things. But we need a certain portion of that border to have the wall. If we don't have it, you can never have security. You could never stop that portion of drugs that comes through that area.

Yes, it comes through planes and lots of other ways and ships. But a lot of it comes through the southern border. You can never fix the situation without additional wall. And we have to fix existing wall that we already have.

No, I think a clean DACA bill, to me, is a DACA bill where we take care of the 800,000 people. They are actually not necessarily young people; everyone talks about young -- you know, they could be 40 years old, 41 years old, but they're also 16 years old.

But I think, to me, a clean bill is a bill of DACA. We take care of them and we also take care of security. That's very important.

And I think the Democrats want security too. I mean, we started off with Steny saying, we want security also. Everybody wants security. And then we can go to comprehensive later on, and maybe that is a longer subject and a bigger subject, and I think we can get that done too.

But we'll get it done at a later date.

Yes, ma'am. Go ahead.

Yes, I know.

Yeah. I can build it for less, by the way.

I must tell you, I'm looking at these prices. Somebody said $42 billion. This is like the aircraft carrier. It started off at a billion and a half, and it's now at $18 billion.

No, we can do it for less. We can do a great job. We can do a great wall. But you need the wall. And I'm now getting involved. I like to build under budget, okay? I like to go under-budget, ahead of schedule.

There's no reason for seven years, also. I heard the other day -- please, don't do that to me.  Seven years to build the wall. We can build the wall in one year, and we can build it for much less money than what they're talking about. And any excess funds -- and we'll have a lot of -- whether it's a Wollman Rink or whether it's any -- I build under budget and I build ahead of schedule. There is no reason to ever mention seven years again, please. I heard that and I said -- I wanted to come out with a major news conference, Tom, yesterday.

No. It can go up quickly, it can go up effectively, and we can fix a lot of the areas right now that are really satisfactory if we renovate those walls.

Yeah, we're doing a study on that right now. But there are large areas where you don't need a wall because you have a mountain and you have a river -- you have a violent river -- and you don't need it. Okay?

No, I think it's changed. I think my positions are going to be what the people in this room come up with. I am very much reliant on the people in this room. I know most of the people on both sides. I have a lot of respect for the people on both sides. And my -- what I approve is going to be very much reliant on what the people in this room come to me with. I have great confidence in the people. If they come to me with things that I'm not in love with, I'm going to do it because I respect them.

Thank you all very much.

Yeah, I'll beat Oprah. Oprah would be a lot of fun. I know her very well. You know I did one of her last shows. She had Donald Trump -- this is before politics -- her last week. And she had Donald Trump and my family. It was very nice. No, I like Oprah. I don't think she's going to run. I don't think she's going to run. I know her very well.

Yeah, it's phase two. I think comprehensive will be phase two. I think -- I really agree with Dick. I think we get the one thing done and then we go into comprehensive the following day. I think it'll happen.

Thank you all very much. I hope we've given you enough material. That should cover you for about two weeks.