I will. I love it. I love it. I have property there, and I may never get to see it again, but I will tell.

I do play golf. And you play golf, right?

Well, that's an interesting border, also. We have two interesting borders. One happens to be where you are, right? It's going to be interesting to see what happens.

It's my great honor to have the very popular Prime Minister of Ireland with us. And we're having some good talks about trade and about military and about cyber and all of the other things that we're talking about. The relationship is outstanding and only getting better.

And it really is a very special group of people. A tremendous number of Irish are living in New York, where I grew up, and they're living in the United States, and these are truly wonderful people. We love them. And Mr. Prime Minister, great to have you, thank you.

Oh, good. Wow, that's good.

That's good, I'd like to do it with you, I don't know.

It does.

It goes right by Trump Tower.

I used to watch it all the time. I would watch it all the time. So you'll be there on Saturday?

Wow, that's good.

All right. That's right.

That's right. That makes sense. And this is the first time in the Oval Office. And it's special.

But now we do. You've made great progress. Thank you. Thank you for being with us. Thank you very much.

It looks like it. I spoke with the Prime Minister and we are in deep discussions. A very sad situation. It certainly looks like the Russians were behind it. Something that should never, ever happen. And we're taking it very seriously, as, I think, are many others.

Well, the story was very false. I mean, they wrote a story about staff changes today that was very false. We had made a wonderful change. I think Mike Pompeo is going to be an incredible Secretary of State. We have some wonderful ideas.

I've gotten to know a lot of people over the last year. You know, I've been in Washington for a little bit more than a year, whereas some people have been here for 30, 40 years. I've gotten to know great people.

So there will always be change, but very little. It was a very false story. It was very -- a very exaggerated -- a very exaggerated and false story. But there will always be change, and I think you want to see change.

And I want to also see different ideas. Larry Kudlow just came in a little while ago, and I think Larry is going to be outstanding as economic adviser, so we look forward to it. But we'll talk to you about it later.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everybody.

Thank you very much.

It could happen. Yeah.

That could happen. Well, maybe -- maybe if that helps, right?

I look forward to being there. It's a great country.

I guess I have received a formal invitation.

I'd go to the border. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Say hello to the people. Say hello. Great people.