Important meeting. Thank you very much for being here. We're making a lot of progress on a lot of different things.

Today, I'm with the Senate working group on immigration. It's become a very big subject. I think that started around November 8th, and maybe a year and a half before that, starting with the campaign.

We're all working in an effort to develop an immigration reform plan that will serve the interests of the American workers and the American families and safety.

I want to thank Chairman Grassley, along with Senators Tillis and Lankford, Cornyn, Cotton, and Graham for being here today. These are great people. They've become friends of mine, and they love this country.

I also want to acknowledge Senator Perdue, who is likewise a terrific person, who has become a very close friend of mine. And he'll be briefed as to what's happening.

Our current immigration system fails Americans. Chain migration is a total disaster, which threatens our security and our economy and provides a gateway for terrorism. Likewise, the visa lottery is bad for our economy and very bad for security. You saw that recently in New York along the West Side Highway.

We need a physical border wall. We're going to have a wall -- remember that -- we're going to have a wall to keep out deadly drug dealers, dangerous traffickers, and violent criminal cartels. Mexico is having a tremendous problem with crime, and we want to keep it out of our country.

We need to ensure our immigration officers finally have the resources, tools, and authorities that they desperately deserve and need to save and protect American lives. Even the Border Patrol agents, as you saw recently, killed -- a couple of them killed; one very badly hurt. It's a rough job and they're incredible people, along with the ICE agents. These are incredible people.

They've been with me right from the beginning, and they love what we're doing.

That's why our position has been clear and very clear from the beginning. Any legislation on DACA must secure the border with a wall. It must give our immigration officers the resources they need to stop illegal immigration and also to stop visa overstays. And, crucially, the legislation must end chain migration.

It must end the visa lottery. Dangerous. And I think many of the Democrats agree with us on that now.

The lottery system is a disaster. Tom and I talk about it all the time. They put down their probably worst people -- who knows. But they're not looking to get rid of their best people, so they put their worst people in the hopper, and we're picking out the people.

And then we find out: What do we have? It's not a good situation. So we're going to end it. The lottery system has to be laughed at by countries outside of our country when they send these people in.

I want to thank the senators for working with us because it really has been a very collaborative effort. We are, believe it or not, working also with Democrats. I think that's correct. Right, Tom? We're moving across the aisle and trying to get support, and I think we have a lot of support.

But we'll soon see. We'd love to take care of DACA, but we're only going to do it under these conditions. So we appreciate it very much.

Mr. Vice President, do you have anything to say?

Very good. Thank you, Mike. And, Senator Grassley, anything to say?

And you've been a great voice in a lot of different ways and we appreciate it. Thank you very much.

Lindsey used to be a great enemy of mine, and now he's a great friend of mine. I really like Lindsey. Can you believe that? I never thought I'd say that, but I do like him a lot.

We all know that.

I think we have a good chance. Tom Cotton?

Good. I think we've got a good shot. I really do. Tom? Anything?

Thank you, Tom, very much. You're right 100 percent. James?

Well, I have to tell you, James Lankford has been a tremendous help, not only on what we just passed, but will be a tremendous help on this. And, James, I want to thank you for your support.

You've been really fantastic. And I can say that for all of the men and the people in this room. They've been fantastic. And, John, you have been really been -- we can't even call you the whip, but you have been more than a whip.

You've been so fantastic on the taxes and the tax cuts and reform, and the success of that.

And certainly it wasn't easy. It went right to the last minute, and you were right there. And we all want to thank you. The job you did is fantastic.

So, Senator Cornyn, want to say a few words?

That's true.

Well, thank you very much. And I have to tell you that as I walked into the room -- I don't know if you heard the latest, but the market is up about 150 points. And we broke a very, very big barrier -- 25,000. And there were those who'd say we wouldn't break 25,000 by the end of the eighth year, and we're in the eleventh month.

We broke 25,000 just as we came in now. I have to be a little careful, because as we walk out maybe it goes down.  You always have to be careful with that, Tom.

But we did, in fact, break 25,000 -- very substantially break it, very easily. So I guess our new number is 30,000.  But what it means is every time you see that number go up on Wall Street it means jobs, it means success, it means 401(k)s that are flourishing.

I was in New York at a big event recently, and I take a lot of pictures with police and with firemen and with the military. And one of the policemen came up, an officer, and he said, "Sir

I said, "You should be doing better than that

And people with 401(k)s, unless they're really having difficulties in life, they're doing very, very well. So I just want to congratulate everyone in the room because you worked so hard.

I may finish off with our new secretary, who's just in the position but, I will tell you, respected by everybody. I got a very good vote. Got a very good vote. And would you like to say anything?

You're going to break all of General Kelly -- who's right over here -- you're going to break all of his records, rights?

Because he had some pretty good records; 78 percent is -- so far, that's the best number. So you have to break 78 percent. That's tough, but you'll do it.

Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.

Hopefully, everything is going to work out very well. We really want it to work out. I can tell you the Republicans want to see it work out very well. If we have support from the Democrats, I think DACA is going to be terrific.

We have people that have been working on this issue for a long time. As Lindsey said, as others have said, we really are at a point where I think we could do something spectacular for the people on the border, the people coming through.

We have to be careful because there's a drug epidemic like the likes of which we've never seen in this country. We need protection. We need the wall. We need all of those things.

And, frankly, I think a lot of Democrats agree with us. When they see what's happening, when they see the kind of problems we're having at the border, they really understand it. Whether they'll vote that way is another situation, but they really understand it.

So we want to thank you all for being here. We have a great spirit going in the Republican Party. I think it can be bipartisan. I hope it's going to be bipartisan.

And we take care of a lot of problems. We can take care of a lot of problems. It would be really nice to do it in a bipartisan way. Okay?

Thank you all.

I don't know, he called me a great man last night. So, you know, he obviously changed his tune pretty quick. All right, thank you all very much.

I don't talk to him. I don't talk to him. I don't talk to him. That's just a misnomer.

Thank you.