Hello, everybody. Hi, Steve. Hello, folks. See how nice they are? See?  They're the nicest people in the whole world. Right? You think so. You know what? Believe it.

I'm pleased to sign into law the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act of 2018. It's a big deal. Very important. The people up here have helped us so much.

I want to thank Secretary Azar for being here, along with the members of Congress who are here with us, including Senators Shelley Moore Capito. Thank you, Shelley, very much.

Dean Heller, who I hear is doing very well. Right, Dean?

Better do well. Right, Dean? Representatives Mike Kelly, Michael McCaul. Thanks. Thank you, Michael.

Great job you're doing. And Michael Burgess. Thank you, Michael.

Thank you, Mike. More than 15,000 children are diagnosed with cancer each year. Tragically, cancer is the leading cause of death by disease among American children and adolescents. And we have some wonderful stories of success with us today, most importantly.

This vital legislation will expand opportunities for childhood cancer research, enhance the quality of life for childhood cancer survivors, and increase pediatric expertise at the National Institute of Health. Very big deal. Very important to everybody here, and, really, very important to the country.

With us are some of the very brave children who are currently battling cancer and doing really well. Olivia Egge is here with her family. Olivia, congratulations, darling. You're doing fantastically well. Right?

They're proud of you. And Olivia has been a tremendous story of inspiration and that fighting spirit -- it's a rare bone cancer -- and we are very much impressed with your strength and thankful that you're recovering so well. I'm hearing great reports.

So, good. Good, honey. Jake Cunniffe is also here. Jake is a sarcoma survivor, and he has helped lead the effort to see this bill become law. Jake? Come here, Jake.

I like that tie. That's good.  Sharp-looking guy, I'll you. Good job, Jake. I also want to give you a little special -- because I know how hard you work on -- you've really been working on it individually. As a young guy, you have other things you could be doing, right?

But you've really done a great job, Jake. I want to thank you. I also want to commend Sadie Keller for her leadership of the bill and for helping to really work hard. And fellow childhood cancer survivors are very, very thrilled with the job you've done. You feeling good? I hear you're doing great. Right? Good, sweetheart. Thank you very much.

So Olivia, Jake, and Sadie, we're taking this action today in honor of the work you've done and the hard work. And it has been, in fact, hard. And you're really helping to positively affect lives in America, especially of young people.

We're going to be right there with you every step of the way. All of these incredible representatives, senators, and congress people -- you've been reading about people like this, right? Someday you'll be there. Maybe you'll be sitting right here. I don't know if you want to do it, but --  -- you're better off doing what they do.

But we just want to thank all of you for being here. We want to congratulate you on doing so well in getting better. And you have helped a lot of people. So thank you very much. Thank you all. Thanks, Jake. Thank you very much, John. Do you have anything to say, Shelley?

Well, thank you. And you're doing a great job, and we appreciate it. You really do a fantastic job.

Thank you very much, Shelley. Mike?

Wow, that's fantastic.

Statistically, it's been incredible to see what's happened. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Shelley. Michael McCaul?

Thank you for the great job you do. Dean Heller?

Thank you.

Thank you very much. My friend --

Say a few words. You've been working so hard on this.

Thank you, Michael. Great job. And Right to Try is something we're very excited about, where for years -- and nobody knows why it was so tough to pass; I never could understand it. But it was a very tough one to get passed, and now people can stay and we have drugs that are really -- and treatments that are really advanced, but they won't be approved for another three, four, five years.

And now, if somebody's in very bad shape, we can use them, and they're not going to be going to other countries to try and get a cure. And it's really hope. But not only is it hope, a lot of people are going to be helped by this. So the Right to Try, as difficult as that was to get approved and passed and now we're signed, we're very proud of that one. Secretary Azar, would you like to say something?

That's great.

That's really great. Thank you very much. You maybe want to say something because you've been so instrumental. That's right, Jake.  Really, would you like to say something?  Everybody should be just like you.  You would be a great politician. Would you like you like to say something, darling?

Thank you, sweetheart. Very, very nice. So nice.

Thank you very much. Great. I'm glad you're so much better. Thank you.

Well, thank you very much. Would anyone like to say something here? Parents and representatives? Anybody?

Yes, please.

Yeah, we've made a lot of advancements, really, in the last -- you know, we're 500 days now, Shelley. Can you believe it? But we've done a lot of improvements, a lot of speed, too, where we're getting it done quickly. That's where Right to Try is so good, where we can get things that are so promising but they won't be approved for another three or four years. So thank you very much. Appreciate it. Anybody? Would you like to say something?

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Okay, I'll sign. Are you ready? Are we all ready?  Are we all set? This is a big deal, now. Thank you.  You ever seen a signature like that?  Okay. Whose pen is this? That's for you. Thank you.

And that's for you.

That's for you.

That's for you. We've given you a few of them. Here we go. Come on. Here, Mike.

You deserve it. Thank you, fellas. Okay. Dean.

Great job. Here you go, Mr. Secretary.

Ivanka -- I have a daughter. A really terrific person. She's worked very hard on this bill. This was very important. That's for the press.  Thank you all very much. Thank you very much.

North Korea looks like it's moving along very well. A lot of relationship being built. A lot of negotiation going on even before the trip. But it looks like it's coming along fine. We'll see what happens. But very important. It will be a very important couple of days. Thank you very much. Thank you.