So we're looking at the wall and the wall systems, and we have a lot of them, and this gentleman who is a real expert you've been doing this how long?

And you were here before they had a wall?

What was it like until you built the wall? And the wall by the way is that wall up there, which is just sheet metal. But still at least it works a little bit. How was it before you built the wall?

You needed something.

So that's 95 percent with a scrap metal wall that they just put together with excess material and it worked 95 percent and that wall they could get over very easily. These walls they can't. For the people who say no wall if you didn't have walls over here you wouldn't even have a country. You wouldn't even have a country.

And by the way the state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas. They don't tell you that. We said, no, we won't do it until we build the whole wall. But there are certain areas as you know where they are really wanting us to build a wall. Because the people are complaining. People are pouring in, so they don't talk about that.

Well, I do have a preference, the problem is you have to have see through. You have to know what's on the other side of the wall. A preference is something like that the problem is you don't know what's on the other side of the wall. You could be two feet way from a criminal cartel and you don't even know they're there. Now we have equipment to take care of that, x-ray equipment, et cetera.

But if you are on that side of the wall, that is the hardest wall to scale, it's got a lot of assets, but the problem is tell them, what do you think of the importance of see-through?

And what's the danger of not having the see through.

Now, if you just have a pure fence. Now that's a fence, a very sturdy fence. But coming up I noticed the first thing I noticed, look how many holes are in that fence.

Now they fix the holes. But it doesn't look very good. They just patch it with more fence. If you take a look at the fence, and it's a very powerful fence. Not doing the trick. Because they cut holes in it and then they're patching holes all the time. I'm just looking. You have hundreds of holes cut in and patched. So, the fence is not strong enough. It's not the right idea.

But for those people if you don't have a wall system we're not going to have a country. There is a lot of problems in Mexico. They have a lot of problems over there. They have the cartels, and the cartels we're fighting the cartels. And we are fighting them hard. Nobody ever fought them like we fought them. We fight them hard. But the fact is if you don't have a wall system, it would be bedlam I imagine.

So, we're looking at the walls where you have some -- really some see-through capability. If you don't have some see through it's a problem. So, we will take a look up here.