Good afternoon. I'm greatly honored to be here with the courageous mayors and sheriffs and local leaders from across the state of California. A great state. Each of you has bravely resisted California's deadly and unconstitutional sanctuary state laws. You've gone through a lot, too, although it's becoming quite popular what you're doing.

A law that forces the release of illegal immigrant criminals, drug dealers, gang members, and violent predators into your communities.

California's law provides safe harbor to some of the most vicious and violent offenders on Earth, like MS-13 gang members putting innocent men, women, and children at the mercy of these sadistic criminals. But we're moving them out of this country by the thousands. MS-13, we're grabbing them by the thousands and we're getting them out, Kevin.

We're also joined by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Jeff, thank you. The Secretary of Homeland Security, Kirstjen Nielsen. Secretary, thank you very much. I know you folks are keeping busy, right? Keeping busy at those borders. And Deputy ICE Director, Tom Homan, who's going to be leaving us soon for a life of retirement. But there's no such thing as retirement for Tom.  You've done a fantastic job, and we appreciate it very much, Tom. Incredible job.

I know that. Oh, you'll never leave the fight. No, you'll always be in. Also with us is House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who's been a special friend of mine. He represents California's 23rd Congressional District, and he is very, very popular. And I just recently saw a poll of Kevin. I think the opposition might as well just go home, because Kevin, they love him out there and he's done an incredible job. He's brought it home. And we appreciate it, Kevin, the great job you've done for the country. Thank you very much.

Unfortunately, Congress -- and I'd have to say, congressional Democrats -- you take a look at what has been going on and what's going on with the laws, whether it's catch and release, whether it's any of the things that we're fighting for so hard.

Now, we have started the wall. We're spending $1.6 billion between fixing and starting. You know, Melissa, what's been going on. We're getting it up. We have a lot of folks in California, they don't talk about it, but they want the wall up, and they're very happy. That's one of the reasons we started in California. But we made a lot of progress on it, and now we're going for the full funding for the wall, and we're going to try and get that as soon as possible. But it's become a very popular issue.

In January, the Los Angeles Police Department arrested an illegal immigrant from Mexico for drug possession. Instead of honoring the ICE detainer, they set him free. Just a few weeks later, he was arrested again, this time for murder. So they arrested him, they had him, they let him go. Tom, you've seen this. They let him go, and he killed somebody. And it's happening more and more. And we get them out as fast as we can. We have the worst laws anywhere in the world for illegal immigration. There's no place in the world that has laws like we do.

Catch and release -- think of it. We catch somebody, we find out they're criminals. We end up having to release them, and they go into our society. Now, we do the best we can, I'll tell you. We do better than anybody.

And our numbers are much better than in the past, but they're not nearly acceptable and not nearly as good as what we could have. We're down 40 percent from those other standards, so that's really good -- meaning 40 percent crossings. So that's good. But we can do -- we can do much better.

Part of the problem that we have is our economy is so strong that people are pouring up to get into our economy. They want a piece of our economy. And that makes the job even tougher. But we want to keep -- we want people based on merit. We want people to come into our country based on merit. We're not looking to keep them out. We're looking to bring them in. We need them.

We have companies moving back into the United States like never before. Chrysler is opening up now in Michigan. We have so many companies actually coming from Mexico, even, and coming back in. So we want people coming in based on merit.

We all remember the tragic case of Marilyn Farris who was murdered by an illegal immigrant who had been arrested six times prior to breaking into Marilyn's home, raping her and savagely beating her to death with a hammer. And this is one example, but there are many examples. I've been saying it for a long time. We cannot let this butchery happen in America.

The state of California's attempts to nullify federal law have sparked a rebellion by patriotic citizens who want their families protected and their borders secured. They want border security. They want protection. That's what we're all about. We're about protection, both from international and from, frankly, people crossing our border illegally.

I will now go around the room and ask these incredible mayors and officials to discuss their brave stand on behalf of their constituents. They are very popular, they are very well respected. These are the top people. And they are people that other people listen to, and they listen to them from around the country.

So I'll begin by asking California Assemblywoman, Melissa Melendez. And you have been an inspiration to a lot of people, Melissa. So maybe you could say a few words, and we'll go right around the room, okay?

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yeah. Seventeen. Seventeen months. Seventeen years would be nice. Seventeen.

And beyond Republican. I mean, this has really become a Democrat issue, a Republican issue. I think a lot of the Democrat politicians don't understand what's going on. Because it's actually good politically. People want safety. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Sam, go ahead.

He'll going to be retired pretty soon, won't he?

Somebody said he's going to run for President. I said, Please. Please run.  But no, I think he's going to be retired, from what I understand, pretty soon.

Fake news. Fake news.

But now it's reversing, Sam. And it really got bad, and now it's reversing. There's a big change of heart, of mind, of people don't want sanctuary cities. They're dangerous; they don't want them anymore. So thank you, Sam.

And I'll tell you what, I had a lot more support in the state of California than people understand.

Check the voting records, folks. Please.

Yes.

Don't fight -- look, it's coming back and it's coming back fast. Faster than even the people in this room understand. Kevin understands what's happening. You see it, maybe, better than anybody. But it's coming back. People are tired of this nonsense, and it's happening. So don't give up the fight. Don't give up the fight.

Thank you very much.

And yours is an amazing story.

Thank you. Sheriff?

Well, Sheriff, I'll tell you what -- it's not bad politics anymore. You know, if you look at what's going on -- because I think, maybe, more than anyplace else right now, there's a revolution going on in California. They want safety.

You know, you had the Mayor of Oakland that I read where you had 1,000 people -- Tom, you know this because it was your deal -- it had 1,000 people together. Many of these were illegals. They were criminals. They were all sorts of -- it was work. And she informed them and they all fled, or most of them fled.

And that whole operation that took a long time to put together -- I mean, you talk about obstruction of justice; I would recommend that you look into obstruction of justice for the Mayor of Oakland, California, Jeff. She advises a thousand people. They told, Get out of here, the law enforcement is coming. And you worked on that long and hard. And you got there, and there were very few people there.

To me, that's obstruction of justice. And perhaps the Department of Justice can look into that with respect to the mayor, because it's a big deal out there and a lot of people are very angry about what happened. There's a lot of hard work and a lot of danger involved. And that was a terrible thing. Yes, ma'am.

We'll get it done. Thank you very much. Secretary Nielsen? Would you like to say something?

Thank you. And you're doing a good job, and it's not an easy job. I know what you're going through right now with families is very tough. But those are the bad laws that the Democrats gave us. We have to break up families. The Democrats gave us that law. It's a horrible thing. We have to break up families.

The Democrats gave us that law and they don't want to do anything about it. They'll leave it like that because they don't want to make any changes. And now you're breaking up families because of the Democrats. It's terrible.

Thank you, Troy.

Maybe we could join in with you, though. We could perhaps join in with you. Because we have a lot of cases like that where we're with you 100 percent but we're not in paper. So we'll join in with you. If it's at all possible, we'd like to do that.

Pam? Thank you very much, Troy.

Crazy.

It's crazy.

It's a nuclear power plant?

And the terrorists are coming in alongside of the power plant.

Isn't that wonderful?

We'll check it out.

It doesn't sound too good.  It doesn't sound like the greatest, right?

We'll check it out. Thank you very much.

Okay, Margaret?

It's a disgrace. Okay? It's a disgrace.

And we're suing on that, and we're working hard, and I think it will all come together, because people want it to come together. It's so ridiculous. The concept that we're even talking about is ridiculous. We'll take care of it, Margaret. We'll win.

We have people coming into the country, or trying to come in -- and we're stopping a lot of them -- but we're taking people out of the country. You wouldn't believe how bad these people are. These aren't people. These are animals. And we're taking them out of the country at a level and at a rate that's never happened before. And because of the weak laws, they come in fast, we get them, we release them, we get them again, we bring them out. It's crazy.

The dumbest laws -- as I said before, the dumbest laws on immigration in the world. So we're going to take care of it, Margaret. We'll get it done. We're going to ask that man right there, because that man can do it.  Right now he's the most important man in the room. Kevin can do it. Kevin? Please.

Well, we want to thank you, Kevin. You have done an incredible job. You're sort of going against the tide, but now the tide is sort of with us because you see it in the room. I mean, a year ago, two years ago, this would have been unthinkable to have you all in the room talking the way we're talking. But you're fed up with what's happening. And, Kevin, thank you very much. You're doing really great. Stacey.

And you can't really do anything about it.

So legalization made it worse?

Yeah. Good job.

Yep. Thank you, Stacey.

Beautifully said. Thank you very much. Tom?

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. No, that's very nice. That's a great compliment, believe me -- because you have, indeed, worked for six. And all six respected you greatly. None more than me. Thank you very much. I just wish you could have said that to the press, but --  -- here's the good news: You have such a beautiful, full head of hair, you look good even from that angle.  I appreciate it, Tom. That's really nice. Thank you very much. Elaine?

We'll take a look. We'll take a look. I'll take a look on that. Thank you very much.

Steve Miller, would you like to say something?

Thank you, Stephen. That's great. A great job you do, too.

How is the wall going? How is the wall?

We're getting it built, right?

They wanted it so badly -- San Diego. They wanted it so badly. And I said, you know, if we build it, we will lose a big constituency, because there won't be anybody saying, We want the wall. But we had to build it. So I know they're very happy about it.

Well, thank you very much. And you find Mexico helps or it does nothing for us?

Mexico does nothing for us. They do nothing for us.

Mexico talks, but they do nothing for us, especially at the border. Certainly don't help us much on trade, but especially at the border, they do nothing for us. Jeff, thank you very much. Jeff.

Thank you, Jeff. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Sheriff. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

It's true.

And we have -- the crime rate in the nation is way down. But in California, it's up. Because of the ridiculous laws. Go ahead.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

And by the way, you gave us great leadership, too.

Don't kid yourself. You did a great job.

Thanks very much. Great job. Thank you.

Yes.

Thank you. We're very happy about that.

Good. Good. Say hello.

Good.

Right. Right. Well, you have done a great job, Michelle.

We appreciate it. Fantastic job. Sheriff?

Thank you, Adam. That's fantastic. I want to thank everybody for being here, very special people. And we are -- step by step, we're bringing it back, and we will bring it back. We will not fail. We'll bring it back. So thank you very much. Thank you very much. Please. Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you.