Thank you very much. Please. Good group. This is a very talented group of people.

(Laughter.) Well, thank you very much. We need talent for what we're doing, believe me. We're here to discuss the tremendous threat of MS-13, one of the most violent and vicious gangs anywhere in the world. We've really never seen anything quite like this -- the level of ferocity, the level of violence, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it.

I'm honored to be joined by DHS Secretary Nielsen, top officials in federal law enforcement, and our local sheriffs -- our great, great sheriffs. We're also joined by Congressman Peter King. Peter, thank you.

Congressman Lee Zeldin. Lee, good to have you. You've been working hard on this, you too. I know that.

Martha -- Martha McSally. Good. I hear you're doing well out there. That's what the word is.

Congresswoman Barbara Comstock. Barbara. Thank you, Barbara. Good, nice to have you.

And Congressman Michael McCaul, who's really an expert on this subject and has been for a long period of time. It's a tough subject. MS-13 recruits through our broken immigration system, violating our borders. And it just comes right through -- whenever they want to come through, they come through.

It's much tougher now since we've been there, but we need much better border mechanisms and much better border security. We need the wall; we're going to get the wall. If we don't have the wall, we're never going to solve this problem. And I've gone to the top people.

Many of these people are at the table right now, including this group. And without the wall, it's not going to work. During my State of the Union, I called on Congress to close the immigration loopholes that have allowed this deadly gang to break so easily into our country. My administration has identified three priorities.

We went through and looked very closely. We've identified three priorities for creating a safe, modern, and lawful immigration system: securing the border, ending chain migration, and cancelling the terrible visa lottery. We've been discussing it, we've been talking about it. We're talking about it in Congress.

We're talking about DACA and how we can work that out. And I think the Democrats don't want to make a deal, but we'll find out. As Congress considers immigration reform, it's essential that we listen to the law enforcement professionals in this room today. And so I'm going to turn it over to Secretary Nielsen.

We'll begin a discussion. And you folks might want to stay for a little while. Okay? Secretary.

And, by the way, these things are unique to our country. No other country has this. This is unique to our country, and it's got to change.

Thank you, John. This is after, actually, removing thousands of them out -- some into the prisons -- but literally thousands of people are removed out. But they come back as fast as we take them out. Different ones -- not even the same ones -- different ones.

But they come back. And we need these immigration laws changed if we're not going to -- we're just not going to be able to continue to do this. They just come in so fast, so easy. And then you have catch-and-release: You catch people and then you have to release them right away.

Not another country in the world has the stupidity of laws that we do when it comes to immigration. And if we don't get them changed -- this isn't politics, this isn't Republican and Democrat. This is common sense. So it has to be taken care of.

Good.

We need cooperation from the Democrats, you know that? Because we have to change the rules, we have to change the laws, and that's all part of what we're trying to get approved. Because right now -- the way it is right now, you just can't do that. Everything you do is illegal. You can't touch, you can't do anything.

And if we don't get those laws changed, we will do better than anybody can do, but still, it will never be satisfactory.

Thank you, Jessie, very much. Great job.

Thank you very much. Thanks, Francis.

Thank you, Sheriff, very much.

But you can only do as much as the law permits.

And the law doesn't permit you to do very much.

Less than any nation in the world. If other nations see what we're doing -- and they do watch what we're doing, and they laugh at us. They can't believe that these policies, where you can't get people out that you know are killers -- literally killers -- and you have to release them. And we're going to change it.

One of the things that we'll do is have much better cooperation, because some countries, on top of everything else, we give them tremendous amounts of aid, and then they won't take their killers back when we have them. Is that a correct statement, Sheriff? They won't take them back.

So we bring them back into the country. They say, no, we don't want them. And yet, we give them billions of dollars in aid. So I've told my people, anybody that doesn't take them back, Peter, we immediately say, "That's okay

We're not going to do it." And immediately they start taking them back. That's happened in numerous occasions. So they've never done that before. They never thought it was appropriate to talk about aid and the money that we give these countries foolishly."

So I'd like to hear from Michael, and I'd like to hear from Peter and Lee and real quickly, and, Barbara, if you could, and just as to what you think, because I know you've been suffering with this. Peter, and Michael, I know you've been so much into it; this is what you do. And you've been suffering with this whole thing for a long time. One of the things that we're trying to do is, in the legislation that we're talking about, we have a lot of laws that nobody even mentions, but they have to be changed.

They have to be gotten rid of. And we have very tough provisions for coming into this country. And it will cover you, and I think we're very specific as to what we have to do. And we stop catch-and-release, we stop a lot of elements of what we have that are very, very bad and very dangerous for our country.

Michael.

So, as you know, we can't do a job -- these incredible professionals at the table cannot do their job unless we change, really, the legislation. And we're going to get it done. Frankly -- I'll go a step further -- if we don't change the legislation, if we don't rid of these loopholes where killers are allowed to come into our country and continue to kill -- gang members. And we're just talking about MS-13.

There are many gang members that we don't even mention. If we don't change it, let's have a shutdown. We'll do a shutdown. And it's worth it for our country.

I'd love to see a shutdown if we don't get this stuff taken care of. So we have to strengthen our borders, not by a little bit but by a lot. We are so far behind the time. And, by the way, the world is laughing at us because they can't believe these policies.

They don't have it. I could name 15 of them right now. No other country in the world has what we have. And we're going to get it stopped.

And if we have to shut it down because the Democrats don't want safety and -- unrelated but still related -- they don't want to take care of our military, then shut it down. We'll go with another shutdown. Okay. Peter King.

And, you know, a lot of the follow-up isn't allowed. You do know that.

Because the legislation doesn't allow you to go and do the follow-up, which is just crazy.

True.

Yeah.

I know your area very well. I know the problem we've got.

We've moved a lot of them out, you know that.

And we move them out, and a new group comes in because the laws are no good. The laws are no good. The people we have -- these people are the best.

But the laws are no good. If you had the right laws, your job would be 100 percent easier, Angel. You agree with that?

Then we're going to get them for you. One way or the other, we're going to get them. Barbara.

But, Barbara, we are not getting support from the Democrats. I mean, you can say what you want. We're not getting support from the Democrats. This legislation --

Well, we'll see. That's one bill. But we have to get that. They are not supporting us.

I do.

Thank you very much, Lee. Martha.

Thank you, Martha, very much. And I just looked at the Secretary -- I said, "Did you take care of every one of these loopholes? Because we're not going to have a second chance."""

We got one chance. We don't want to do a half-baked job.

And you got one chance. So, Secretary, get it right. (Laughter.) Get it right. We're going to go through hell to get this stuff approved.

Peter, and Michael, and Lee, and Barbara, Martha, we're going to get it approved. We have no choice. It's not like we have a choice. It's really -- it's common sense, but it's much above common sense.

So you have to have every one of these loopholes taken care of --

-- so we don't have to go through this anymore.

Because no one else is going to be able to get it done. Okay?

And I just want to thank everybody very much for being here, friends and talented people. And if we put our heads together, we're going to solve this problem. And with all that was said, we're doing much better than any administration by far -- by far. Nobody has even come close.

But still, we have a long way to go. We can only be as good as the law.

Because right now, we want to do things, and it's, "Well

So we have one good shot at it and it's now.

And hopefully you get it done, okay?

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

I would shut it down over this issue. I can't speak for everybody at the table, but I will tell you, I would shut it down over this issue. If we don't straighten out our border, we don't have a country. Without borders, we don't have a country.

So would I shut it down over this issue? Yes. I can't speak for our great representatives here, but I have a feeling they may agree with me. Okay? Thank you.