Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Great to be here. Oh, do I know this location well. That beautiful Bethpage State Park. I spent a lot of hours there. Great place. Thank you very much and good afternoon.

We're here today to discuss the menace of MS-13. It's a menace. A ruthless gang that has violated our borders and transformed once peaceful neighborhoods into bloodstained killing fields. They're horrible people, by the way.

Thank you very much to Secretary Nielsen; Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein -- Rod, thank you; Acting ICE Director Tom Homan, who is going to be -- I hope you're going to be with us for a long time.

I'm hearing he's going to go into a little bit of an easier job, but you won't be happy. You won't be happy. What a job you've done. Thank you very much, Tom. And Acting Assistant Attorney General John Cronan. Thank you very much. Thank you, John. And we also have a couple of folks with us today -- Laura Curran, Nassau County Executive. Wherever Laura may be. Hi, Laura.

How are you, Laura?  Thank you very much. I want to thank a very good friend of mine for a long time that this area knows very well, the great Peter King. Thank you, Peter. Thank you.  Doing a good job. And he's fully got my endorsement, even though I assume he has no opponents. I don't know if he has any opponent.

Nobody would be that crazy to run against Peter.  Congressman Lee Zeldin.  Thank you. Thank you, Lee. Great job you're doing. Thank you for all your help. And Congressman Daniel Donovan, really known as Dan, right? Dan Donovan.  He's been a friend.

For their great leadership in combatting MS-13. Also, Erin King -- you know who I'm talking about -- Sweeney. Where's Erin? Where are you? Where are you? Hello, Erin. How are you? A little bit of a relationship.

Oh, Rosemary. Hi, Rosemary. See, you say, That's my wife. I know that's your wife.  Nice to see you. Thanks, Rosemary. Thanks for being here. Thank you very much, Erin. It's a great honor to have you.

We're also grateful to be joined by Commissioner Geri Hart of Suffolk County, and Commissioner Patrick Ryder. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. And they know this threat probably as well as anybody.

We're especially moved today to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of the MS-13 gangs. I'm truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union. That was a special evening. Elizabeth Alvarado, Robert Mickens, Evelyn Rodriguez, and Freddy Cuevas. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you.  Thank you.

Their beautiful daughters, Kayla and Nisa, were murdered by MS-13 gang members, many of whom exploited glaring loopholes -- and we have the biggest loopholes of any country anywhere in the world. We have the worst immigration laws of any country anywhere in the world. But they exploited the loopholes in our laws to enter the country as unaccompanied alien minors. They look so innocent; they're not innocent.

We are praying for these families with us today, and we pledge to honor the memory of those you lost with action and resolve -- and I'll just add another word -- with great success. And thank you very much for being here. Thank you so much. Really appreciate it.  And they will not have passed in vain, that I can tell you.

MS-13 lives by the motto, Kill, Rape, and Control. That's actually their motto. Kill, Rape, and Control. Last month, MS-13 reportedly called for its members here on Long Island, where I essentially grew up. You know Jamaica, right? I always said, Long Island. It's very close. To call and to see what happened is just incredible.

But they killed a cop for the sake of making a statement. They wanted to make a statement, so they killed a cop, a policeman. Here in Nassau County, MS-13 gang members were charged with killing and hacking up a teenager. And police officers just told me four other young men were brutally murdered recently by MS-13 in Suffolk -- Suffolk County.

In Maryland, MS-13 gang members are accused of stabbing a man 100 times, decapitating him, and ripping out his heart. Police officers also believe the MS-13 members beat a sex-trafficked 15-year-old girl with a bat 28 times, totally disfiguring a beautiful young woman.

In Texas, two MS-13 gang members were charged after kidnapping, drugging, and raping a 14-year-old girl. They then murdered her and somebody else.

Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities, and Democrats in Congress refuse to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as catch and release. That's -- you catch them, you write up a little piece of paper that's meaningless, and then you release them. And they go all through the country, and they're supposed to come back for trials. They never come back -- or very rarely. It's the rare person that comes back.

Democrats have to abandon their resistance to border security so that we can support law enforcement and save innocent lives. And I noticed recently, where Democrats -- Nancy Pelosi, as an example -- are trying to defend MS-13 gang members. I called them animals the other day, and I was met with rebuke. They said, They are people. They're not people. These are animals, and we have to be very, very tough.

So I'd now like to turn this over to a man -- really, he has been a great friend of mine -- a tremendous supporter -- and I've always been a supporter of his, Peter King. He does an incredible job, and nobody knows this situation and this horror show, and these laws -- how bad they are -- worst in the world -- better than Peter King. Peter.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Well, thank you very much, Peter.  I do want to say, and I have to pay great tribute to ICE and Border Patrol. But ICE came in and they are doing a job. We are taking them out by the thousands.

Now, if we had laws that were proper, they wouldn't be coming back to the extent, but they've taken them out by the thousands. And it's way down, but it's still far too much. And it's unacceptable.

So I thought maybe what we'll do is we'll go around the table, say a few words, if you might. We'll start right here. You have done a fantastic job and we appreciate it. Let's go. Why don't we start? Thank you, John.

Great.

Thank you very much, John. Great job. Thank you.  Great job, John. Tom?

Thank you.

Thank you, Tom.  Thank you, Tom. Great job. Thank you. Rod. Thank you.

And I think that's great, Rod. And I think it's happening. I mean, I'm seeing a willingness, even, to a certain extent, by the Democrats. They're starting to come around, but it's brutal. It's brutal. As you know better than anybody, it's a tough situation. We need the laws enhanced very substantially and very quickly. Thank you, Rod, very much. Very nice.  Patrick.

Thank you very much, Patrick. That's great. I appreciate it.  Thank you. Great job. Really good. You've done a fantastic job.

Robert and Elizabeth, we're going to save you for a couple of minutes. We want to hear from a couple of these politicians first. Right?  And then we're going to get to the real story. We appreciate it. Dan, go ahead.

You are.

Good. Thank you very much, Dan.  And just before -- thank you, Dan -- just before we get to the Secretary, I have to say that many of these countries we give tremendous amounts of aid to -- tens of millions of dollars. And we're working on a plan to deduct a lot of the aid, because I happen to believe it's not so hard. You know, they'll let you think that they're trying to stop this. They're not trying to stop it. I think they encourage people from leaving. They don't want the people. They don't want the people that we're getting in that country.

So we're going to work out something where every time somebody comes in from a certain country, we're going to deduct a rather large amount of money from what we give them in aid --  -- if we give them aid at all, which we may not just give them aid at all. Because despite all of the reports I hear, I don't believe they're helping us one bit. And maybe that's the way life is, but they're not helping us a lot based on the fact that we know where these people are coming from.

So we're looking at our whole aid structure, and it's going to be changed very radically. It's already started. All right. Thank you very much, Dan. Secretary Nielsen.

Thank you, Kirstjen. Thank you. Great job. Thank you. And thank you for the really great job you're doing. I really appreciate it. Not easy. Not easy. Lee?

Thank you, Lee. Thank you. And you bring up a name, U.S. Attorney Donoghue. Where are you, please? U.S. Attorney.

Oh, okay.

I was just trying to figure out why we didn't introduce him -- only because he's not here. But he's doing a great job.

Good. Thank you very much. Geri.

You're right.

Well, thank you very much, Geri. Thank you.  Thank you very much. And you're right, and you should get more. I think what we'll do is we'll close it out with Peter later. But, Robert, I would love to hear from you. Would love to hear from Elizabeth. Maybe you go ahead. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Robert. So beautiful. Thank you, Robert. Incredible. That's incredible. Thanks. And the American Dream is coming back bigger and better than ever. You know that.

And I have to say, the protestors, they're not so big anymore. They're dwindling. They're getting it. Everyone is getting it. And what you just said is beautiful, and we appreciate it. Thank you. Really nice. Elizabeth, would you like to say something?  And thank you, Robert.

Thank you, Elizabeth. Beautiful. Thank you, Elizabeth. We will stick by you, too. We will stick by you. Thank you very much. Freddy, do you want to start? Evelyn, go ahead.

Please stand. Please. Please.

Freddy? Please.

Thank you. Thank you. Peter.

Thank you, Peter.  Well, I just want to -- I really want to thank all of the families. And Robert, Elizabeth -- so beautiful. Thank you very much. I really appreciate that. That was incredible. And Freddy, Evelyn, thank you very much.

Not much you can say other than we are really working hard on this problem. This is a horrible problem. We're bringing them out, and our people are rougher than them. That's the only language they understand. It would be wonderful if we could talk nicely and softly, but the only language they understand is that toughness. And, Tom, you've displayed it; your people have displayed it. Everybody up here has displayed it. Everybody.

But the records are being set, but they still keep coming in. We need immigration laws. We need strong laws. And we're going to get them. It's moving. It's harder and harder for the Democrats to fight it. Look, I'd like to say it's just people doing it. They happen to be Democrats. They're very well unified in this regard, but they're starting to break up now. Finally, they're starting to break up.

And the other day was actually a great day, when they were coming to the defense of MS-13. They're coming to the defense, and that was the end of them because nobody, nobody understood it. Nobody. When they started rationalizing, and -- maybe it was the way they grew up. And maybe it was, but we're stuck with a big problem.

Again, you heard the numbers. You heard what a number of the folks have said. We're taking them out by the thousands, by the thousands. And they're being thrown out of the country. They're being put in jails.

When they're put in jails, that costs us a fortune for years, and years, and years as a country. But when we throw them out, they go back on the streets; they don't go anywhere. The countries don't want them. In some cases, the countries don't take them. But now, with us, they take them. With the previous administration, they'd say, No, we don't want them.

With us, it's a much different deal. They take them, but you don't know what they do with them. Do they let them out? Do they put them in jail? Are they incarcerated? They're murderers, in many cases. Are they incarcerated?

So we're very tough, but we're getting a lot tougher. But we do need law changes. We need those laws to change. Because we can be really smart and we can really know what we're doing -- which we do -- these are all incredible professionals, every one up here; incredible professionals. But when the laws are no good, the laws are horrible, there's not much you can do beyond what we're doing.

We're down on immigration crossing the border -- more than 40 percent. We were actually down 77 percent. Our economy is doing so well, people are coming across the border. The economy is -- it's one bad thing about having a great economy, frankly. But the economy is doing so well that people are crossing the border. In many cases, they're crossing for reasons of good, but in many cases they're crossing for reasons of really, really bad.

But these people are incredible people. And I want to thank you all for being here, too. I know what you've gone through. I just want to thank you very much for being here.

We are making tremendous strides. We will continue. And in a not-too-distant future, I feel totally confident that this product -- this problem will be eradicated. We're not going to have this problem. I essentially grew up on Long Island. And when I hear Hempstead and Mineola and all of the places that I know so well, that you can't walk outside -- this used to be where you'd leave your doors unlocked, you'd leave your windows open, always. And you have gang members now that are so rough, people are afraid to go outside.

We have these trucks coming in; they used to call them paddy wagons. I don't know what they call them anymore. What do they call them, Tom? But we have the ICE guys coming in, and I'll tell you something -- the ICE guys are a lot rougher than the MS-13 guys. They're rougher, they're tougher, and they're meaner.

And they throw them into -- I don't want to mention the name of a town, but a town that I know very well. They throw these guys into these wagons, these rolling jails. And you have people applauding. It's almost like a war, where you're getting rid of somebody that's occupying your nation.

And for me to go through and be in this position, and see towns that I've known all my life -- I grew up here; I know every one of the towns -- and it's unthinkable that it's almost like an occupied territory, where your children are afraid to go out, and in many cases, if they go out, bad things happen.

But when you see the scene -- and I saw it, Tom; I saw it -- of guys being thrown right into these wagons, being taken away, and the crowd is cheering -- cheering. And in one way it's beautiful, and another way it's terrible that we're having to even conceivably do that, especially in a place that you've known so well all your life that was safe.

I just want to thank the law enforcement, because what they go through and the restrictions that are put on them are incredible: They got to be nice; they can't be too tough. They have to be gentle. They can't touch, they can't do anything. And they do an incredible job. And people understand it.

And to law enforcement -- I have to tell you, because I've gotten to know the heart of this country maybe better than anybody, and that's why I'm here. The people out there love you and respect you. You may read a lot of stuff. I will tell you, you are the most respected people there are.  And on behalf of everybody, I want to thank you very much for what you do. Thank you. Thank you very much.