Please sit down.

We love you, too. We love you, too. Well, I want to thank everybody. This is great. And, you know, they have me really working. I gave a speech and a roundtable, and then another roundtable, and then another speech, and here we are.  And then we go home, but I don't want to leave your state because I love your state.  So maybe we'll just -- maybe we'll just stay, Adam. Right?

So I want to thank Dean Heller, who has been an incredible senator -- worked so hard with us to get the taxes cut. Very simple. You know, I talk about reform, but it's really tax cut. There was plenty of reform also, but we had one of the great tax -- really, the greatest tax cut and reforms ever in our country's history, the biggest. And so I want to thank you. That was a fantastic job. Dean Heller.

And your attorney general, Adam, who is running for governor, I think you're going to do great. I think you're head and shoulders above .  I think you're going to do great.

I want to thank a friend of mine, Steve Witkoff. You know, people don't realize Steve started out as a lawyer -- a very good lawyer, a top lawyer in New York. And then he said, "I'm going to go in the real estate business because I can do this, too." He saw me do it.  And he said, "If Trump can do it, I guess I can do it, right?"

Steve was a great -- actually, he was a great real estate lawyer. And he represented a lot of us from the Manhattan real estate world. And one day, he said, "Hey, maybe I'll do this." And he bought a little building, and it worked out. Then he did another one, and it worked out. And now he has a lot of them, and he's become a very wealthy, successful man. And he's my pal. And it's nice that you're here, Steve. Thank you very much.  Special guy.

So I want to just tell you that what we've done has not been done before. We've created a lot of different things. We're going to talk about taxes, but just briefly -- regulation cuts, the biggest in history. Nobody has ever cut regulations. We're talking about 511 days so far.

And you can go four years, you can go eight years, you can go sixteen years -- doesn't make any difference; nobody has cut regulations like we have. Nobody has created tax cuts like we have. Nobody is going to protect your Second Amendment like we will.

Every single -- you know, for a lot of the small business owners -- and, to me, this is very important -- the estate tax. These small business owners, the farmers, all of the people that we love and we cherish -- no more estate tax. The old days, they had to go out and get financing and put it up, right up to the neck.

And then they had to pay interest, and in many cases they couldn't do it. And, Steve, they'd lose their farms; they'd lose their businesses; they'd lose whatever. And we've cut the estate tax. And for the smaller businesses, there is no estate tax whatsoever. So families can leave their business to their sons and daughters.

The Heritage Foundation just came out recently, and they said that we've already implemented 64 percent of our top agenda items. And that's ahead of anybody, including Ronald Reagan. So we've done a lot of work in a very short period of time. And you know, the bottom line is: America is open for business.

I got elected on "Make America Great Again." We started using "America First," and that's what we're doing. On trade, we're renegotiating some of these horrible trade deals that we have with other countries. We have some of the worst deals I've ever seen. Whether it's China, the European Union, Mexico, Canada -- you name it, we have a bad deal. And we're changing those deals.

We lost, last year, $800 billion -- with a "b" -- $800 billion on trade. And, in fact, I want to be very precise because Steve is such a great lawyer. It's $817 billion, to be exact.  That's big money, even in the world of real estate, Steve. Right? That's big money. That makes everything we do like a little tiny peanut. And we can't do that. We can't do that. And we're not going to do that.

So we're negotiating deals. The steel industry -- I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening, but the steel industry is coming back. United States Steel is expanding. We're building brand new plants and beautiful new expansions. They haven't done it in 35 years.

Another company -- a wonderful steel company -- just announced a $500 million plant today. Another one is going into Ohio. We have Ohio, Pennsylvania. We have all of these incredible places. They're seeing the steel industry come back.

And I need it to come back. We need it for defense. You know, steel isn't like some other industries. Steel, we need. Aluminum, we need. We're having tremendous activity in the world of aluminum now. So we put a 25 percent tax, or tariff, on steel coming in. They were dumping steel all over our country. Now, all of the sudden, if they want to dump, that's okay; they have to pay a lot of money to dump.

But more importantly, our industry is coming back far faster than we thought. If other countries aren't going to treat us with respect and aren't going to treat us properly on trade -- because they haven't with these massive deficits that we have. The big one is a car tax. They send in cars into our country by the millions and millions and millions, and we pay -- I mean, if we send cars to them, they either don't want it or it's a big tax.

As an example, if we send a car into China, they charge 25 percent. When China sends a car to us, we charge 2.5 percent.  Somehow, that doesn't work. Right? So we're going to change it. And we're going to get along great with China. We're going to get along great with everybody, hopefully, in the end. But we have to change it. It's very -- it's not fair. It's not fair to our companies, and it's not fair to our workers.

One of the big things we just did is we had a great meeting, as you know, and a very successful one with North Korea. And the relationships is now very good.  We got along really good. The total denuclearization of North Korea, and the process is beginning. And further talks are going on.

We're getting our -- the remains back of our great heroes. There have been -- so many people asked me, "Could you do it?" The remains are coming back.  They have over 200 already. This is something -- we never got anything back, anybody back. And so many -- I guess, for the most part, it would be the children and the grandchildren, they want to get the remains back of their fathers and their grandfathers. And we're starting that, and it's been really incredible.

We got our hostages back. And the New York Times said, "Well, Obama got hostages back, too." Yeah, but he paid $1.8 billion.  We didn't pay $1.8 billion. We didn't pay a penny. We paid nothing.

But, at the same time, North Korea was very smart. What they did was very smart. And they made it -- they made it so that we got them back, and they are now living with their families, very happily. And that was two months ago. They're living very happily with their families. And that was something that was great.

And very importantly -- most importantly, you haven't had any rockets shot over Japan. You haven't had missiles going over Japan. You haven't had any nuclear tests in the last seven months. You haven't had any tests of any kind in the last number of months.

Sites have been blown up, where they had the testing. They're getting rid of their engine site, the engines -- these are engines. They call them "engines" for ballistic missiles. That's going. And, step by step, it's really working out well.

And most importantly, I have a very good relationship. We have a good chemistry together. We get along very well. He's a smart, tough guy. He's a great negotiator. I think he sees a tremendous future for North Korea. But we want to have it denuclearized, and that's what's happening.

So that was a great visit. It was two-day visit. It was a great visit. It was really quite something. So we're very happy to  and we'll get it done. We'll get it done.

And China helped us at the border, I have to tell you, President Xi really helped us at the border. And Japan -- Prime Minister Abe was terrific. And the President of South Korea, we really worked well together -- President Moon. And it's a great team. I mean, honestly, it's a great team. And we did things that everybody said were really impossible to do. Nobody would have believed it.

If you remember, before I got elected, it sounded like we were going to war with North Korea. And that was a war that could have cost the lives of 50 million people. You know, Seoul -- Steve, when we think New York City is big -- Seoul, which is 30 miles off the border of North Korea, has 28 million people, Steve. Twenty-eight million. So, New York, we have 8 million, and we think New York is big. Seoul has 28 million people. And it's literally not even nuclear distance; it's right there for their -- they call them "cannons." They have thousands of cannons aimed at Seoul.

And we think that everyone is going to be very safe. We'll keep going with this, but everyone is going to be very safe. I think we've made tremendous progress, and it really was a lot quicker than anybody thought possible.

So we're doing very well, and I'd like to -- maybe we'll start off and we can talk about -- you can ask questions or make some suggestions. But maybe I'll ask Adam -- do you want to start the process?

Thanks.

Very good. Thank you, Adam. Thank you. Steve, go ahead. After that build-up I gave you, you better do a good job.

He did good. He did good. Well, I knew Andrew, and he was a great young man. And he -- with a great family -- a father who loved him, a mother who loved him. Great, great people.

So I just want to say that it's an honor what you just said. You know, I looked at that site. And then I said, "Nope. I'm going to run for President instead."  But I actually -- and did you buy that from Carl?

From Carl?

I can imagine. With Carl, it's never easy. But that's great. It's going to be a great success. A beautiful location. And I saw a concept and a design, and it's going -- it is really going to be a tremendous success. So congratulations. That's great.

Barbara, go ahead.

Well, thank you very much, Barbara. Thank you very much.  I so much want to ask Witkoff what he paid, but I'm not going to do that now. I just want to see where he is, relative to what I think he could have bought for.  I'll ask him after this is over. I know he made a good deal.

We have a very special person with us who has become a friend of mine, Alex Acosta. He's the head of the Department of Labor. He's Secretary of Labor. And he's just unveiled a healthcare plan. You can call it "association plan," you can call it whatever you want, but it's going to be millions and millions of people, where they're going to have tremendous negotiating rights to buy healthcare with the insurance companies. You can cross state lines. That means you have a lot more competition.

And he's just done a tremendous job as the Secretary of Labor. And I want to ask you to say a few words, Alex, please.

And she's a great negotiator. Great negotiator. You're going to have fun. They're all going to be out after -- they want that. You know, the insurance companies are going crazy for this. So you're going to have a lot of fun. Good luck. Thanks, Mary Beth. Make a good deal.  Please.

Where are they? Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you, Cavin. Thank you very much.

Yes, absolutely. Thank you.  Thank you, Cavin. He did a good job, right? Did he do a good job? Thank you, Cavin. Very nice. Appreciate it.

Oh, thank you.  There we go. That's tough to beat. Can you beat that, Ryan? I don't know.

Good.

Go ahead, Jason.

Well, thank you, Jason. That's very nice. Very, very nice. Thank you. And, Jason, great hair, number one.  And, Ryan, say hello to Michael, a friend of mine, great guy. He's done an incredible job, really. So give him my regards. Thank you very much. Thank you, Jason.

Please. Rich?

That's great.

Wow.

Well, thank you very much. A very good time, isn't it? Back and forth. Now, did you practice that? That was really -- good timing.  Thank you very much both. Thank you.

So a friend of mine, somebody that's really been in the trenches with us, he fought very hard with all of the Republicans -- we had no Democrat support; it was too bad. And I think it's going to come to haunt them. But Dean Heller -- Senator Dean Heller has been somebody that really got in and he fought as hard as anybody I know to make sure that you got that tax cut and reform, and that everybody else in our country got it.

And they're very happy about it. And the Democrats are actually now saying they've got a problem, because it's worked out far better than anyone thought. And when you add the regulations and all of the other things we've been doing, it's a great combination.

And while you're all talking about the economy is doing well, it's going to get a lot better. Expensing is something, Ryan, that, as you call him your boss, Michael would know very much about. But one-year expensing is, I think, going to be the sleeper in the bill. We have another where, literally, trillions of dollars are going to come back into the country.

Apple has already agreed they're going to be investing $350 billion. They're bringing approximately $230 billion back from overseas, where you would have never seen that money again without what we did in terms of the reform on the tax cuts. So there's just one example where Apple is spending $350 billion.

And you have many companies doing that. You have many, many companies. They're spending money. And it's really something very beautiful to see. It's jobs, it's imagination. So many different elements are at play. But our country is doing really well and it's going to even do better.

We're working very hard on the border with the immigration. We have to be very strong on immigration, but we have to let people in, the right people, where we have a merit-based system. We're developing a beautiful merit-based system --  -- so we can fill all of the jobs that you all created.

And that's working out very good. But we do have to be very strong. And if we're not, you're going to have millions and millions of people come up, and it's not going to be a good situation. It will be a very bad situation.

If you look at what the Democrats are doing -- and Dean understands this better than anybody -- if you look at what they're doing, they want to have a very weak border, a very open border, and that's going to lead to tremendous crime and a lot of problems for a lot of people, including jobs. It's going to be a very bad situation.

So we're working very hard on it. It will get done. It will get done properly. We have to be very vigilant and strong. But a lot of good things are happening.

So I want to just introduce Dean Heller, a real champion, a hard, hard worker, and a total winner. And he's got a tough race but I think I saw a poll just a little while ago that looks very, very promising, very good, even beyond what we thought. I don't even want to tell you, because maybe you'll ease up and I don't want him to ease up.

Because it's going to be a tough race. But he's going to win that race. And we need you back in Washington. And he has really been an incredible messenger. Thank you, Dean.

We're doing very well. You've probably seen 3.2, which people would have said would have been impossible. And there's only a projection, so who knows what that means. But the Atlanta Fed just predicted 4.8, right?

4.8?

Who knows what it will be. I will say this: Each point is said to be $3 trillion. Think of that. So, you know, a point, two points, three points. But each point is said to be $3 trillion. And each point is said to be 10 million jobs. So I think we're going to do very well.  And we're going higher than that number, ultimately.

Superman.

Thank you very much.  So I'd like to thank all the people of Nevada. It's been just a great place. From my standpoint, Nevada is special. It's been -- so many friends, so many friends just in the audience. And we have to get our friends into office. We need him there very badly.

If that doesn't happen, and if other things would happen, you're going to have a massive tax increase and you're going to have a regulation increase, and it's not going to be a good situation. A lot of bad things will go on. And we can't let that happen. It's going to be a nasty race. It's already started to be nasty; pretty much all of them are, for some reason. Nobody really knows why.

But, you know, it has been this way before. I said to one of the senators, Dean, I said, has it always been this nasty? And I won't tell you which two or three administrations, but he actually -- he's been around a long time -- he named three different times when he thought it was worse.

I said, that's pretty hard to believe. But it's tough stuff, but we're winning. We're winning like nobody has ever won before. And we want to keep it going.  So get Adam and get Dean, and get them in there, and I'll be back a lot. Thank you all much. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.