Let me just say this: I want to see our country united. I want to bring our country back from a tremendous divisiveness, which has taken -- not just over one year, over many years -- including the Bush years, not just Obama. You go back to the Bush years. You go back to the Clinton years.

You take a look at that impeachment of Bill Clinton. I actually asked a longtime senator -- happened to be a Democrat -- "Is this the worst you've ever seen it?"" He said

But they -- this has been -- there's been tremendous divisiveness. Not in the last year, there's been tremendous divisiveness for many years.

I would consider it a great achievement if we could make our country united. If I could unite the country. That's not an easy thing to do because the views are so divergent. You know --

As an example, one group wants free healthcare, paid by the government. Another group -- all good people. Another group wants healthcare, paid by private where there's great competition and you pay very little and you get better healthcare. You know, everybody is a good person, but they have really divergent views.

So there's a question whether of not -- can you bring that together or do you just win every four years. Somebody wins one way or the other and they have -- but just , just to say, I would love, I would love to be able to bring back our country into a great form of unity.

Without a major event where people pull together, that's hard to do. But I'd like to do it without that major event, because usually that major event is not a good thing. I would love to do it.

I think I've learned -- I've really learned a lot. You know, governing -- when you're a businessperson, you don't have to worry about your heart, the heart. You really do what's best for you -- you know, for almost purely monetary reasons. You know, you make your money. You competing against people. In many cases, you don't like them, you want to beat, and all that stuff.

And I build a great company -- far better than anybody at this table says. I mean, I have some of the greatest assets in the world. I've built a great company.

And when you're -- in doing what I'm doing now, a lot of it is heart, a lot of it is compassion, a lot of it is far beyond money -- such as immigration, such as the things we're talking about. From a purely economic standpoint -- if I was doing this purely from an economic standpoint, I would sit down and tell you in one second what I'd be doing, okay? It's so simple.

But I'm not. I'm doing it because millions of people are affected. I mean, I just -- I put myself in their position. Millions and millions of people are affected, . So it's much different, in that way, than I thought it would be.

So having a business background and a successful business background is great, but oftentimes you do things that you would never do in business because you have to also govern with heart.

I'm telling you, the immigration is so easy to solve if it was purely a business matter, but it's not. And I think that's something that I've learned maybe more than anything else. You have to -- you govern with all of the instincts of a businessperson, but you have to add much more heart and soul into your decisions than you would ever have even thought of before. So, you know.