Hello everybody.  Good to see you. Nice to see you. Sit down, please. We have a little coverage huh? They must be here for Curtis, I assume.

Well, thank you all for being here. We are doing a lot of things. A lot of things are happening. Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Secretary Alex Azar, who's really setting the world on fire now with your lowering of prescription drug prices and a lot of other things you're doing, and we appreciate it very much.

A lot of people are seeing it, already, what's happening. And especially the lowering of the price of healthcare -- we see what's going on there. It's going to be a tremendous reduction in healthcare pricing because of what we're all doing together. So, great going, Alex. And Secretary Betsy DeVos for joining us.

Today we're here with state and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and educations officials to discuss how we can make our schools safe and our communities secure. And no better time to discuss it than right now. And I think we're making a lot of progress, and I can tell you there's a tremendous feeling that we want to get something done. And we're leading that feeling, I hope.

But there's a great feeling, including at the NRA, including with Republican senators and, hopefully, Democrat senators and congressmen.

I want to thank Curtis Hill for being here, attorney general. I also want to thank a really tremendous attorney general -- that's Pam Bondi, from Florida -- for being here. Thank you, Pam, very much. Great job you've done there.

Yesterday, I met with survivors of Parkland shooting. The Parkland shooting is just horrible. So bad for so many people and so bad for our country. Families who have lost their children in school shootings and local community members of Washington, D.C. who want to make sure that every child is safe at school. We're having a lot of problems in Washington, D.C.

I listened to their heartbreaking stories. I asked them for their ideas, and pledged to them that we will take action, unlike, for many years, where people sitting in my position did not take action. They didn't take proper action. They took no action at all. We're going to take action.

Today we want to hear from you on how we can improve physical security in our schools, tackle the issue of mental health, which is a very big issue. This person that was caught after having killed so many people -- 17 -- and badly injuring so many others -- people don't talk about the injured, and they have to go through life with that horrible, horrible situation that they were put in unnecessarily. People don't talk about that, the people that are so badly -- I visited them in the hospital, in Broward County. And these are injuries like people wouldn't believe.

And we want to ensure that, when we see warning signs, we act quickly. When we have somebody that's mentally unstable, like this guy that was a sicko, and there were a lot of warning signs. A lot of people were calling, saying, hey, he's going to do something bad. People have to act.

As I said last week, we must work together to create a culture of our country that cherishes life and forces real human connections. We're also working to reduce violent crime in America and to make our communities places that can be totally safe for our children, for our families.

Under my administration, gun prosecutions have increased very significantly. The Attorney General is very, very much after that. And we're also after the gangs. The gangs have been incredible. MS-13 -- I see where a couple of commentators that are lightweights said, "Oh

No, that's not talked about on Fox. That's talked about in communities where they're killing people, not necessarily with guns -- because that's not painful enough. This is what they think. They want to do it more painfully and they want to do it slowly. So they cut them up with knives. They don't use guns; they use knives, because they want it to be a long, painful death to people that had no idea this was coming.

And we're getting them out by the thousands, putting them in jail and we're getting them out by the thousands. And our people from ICE and our Border Patrol people are much tougher than they are. That's the only thing they understand, by the way, is toughness. They don't understand niceness. They understand toughness. And our people are much tougher. They go in there, they grab them by the neck. There's no games being played. And I let them know that's what we want. We need tougher people than they are, and our people are a lot tougher than they are.

So we're working on getting violent offenders off the streets and guns out of the hands of the dangerous criminals. There's nothing more important than protecting our children. We had a, really, incredible meeting yesterday with some of the families that have suffered so greatly, in different places, not only in Florida -- as you know, Columbine. And it was a very sad situation.

But I will tell you, background checks -- I called many senators last night, many congressmen, and Jeff and Pam and everybody in this room. I can tell you, Curtis, they're into doing background checks that they wouldn't be thinking about maybe two weeks ago. We're going to do strong background checks. We're going to work on getting the age up to 21 instead of 18. We're getting rid of the bump stocks. And we're going to be focusing very strongly on mental health, because here's a case of mental health.

Part of the problem is we used to have mental institutions. And I said this yesterday -- where you had a mental institution where you take a sicko, like this guy -- he was a sick guy, so many sides -- and you bring him to a mental health institution. Those institutions are largely closed because communities didn't want them. Communities didn't want to spend the money for them. So you don't have any intermediate ground. You can't put them in jail because he hadn't done anything yet, but you know he's going to do something.

So we're going to be talking seriously about opening mental health institutions again. In some cases, reopening. I can tell you, in New York, the governors in New York did a very, very bad thing when they closed our mental institutions, so many of them. You have these people living on the streets. And I can say that, in many cases throughout the country, they're very dangerous.

They shouldn't be there. So we're going to be talking about mental institutions. And when you have some person like this, you can bring them into a mental institution and they can see what they can do. But we got to get them out of our communities.

So with that being said, I'd like to ask the very talented people around this table to just introduce themselves quickly and say a few words. And maybe we can start off with Pam Bondi.

Pam, thank you.

She did a great job.

Talk about them. You can talk.

Good.

Good.

Which you can't do right now.

You want them to take the guns and not go through six months of legal trials and everything else, which is a problem.

Okay.

So this would not have worked the way it's currently constituted. This would not have worked with Cruz as it's currently constituted.

So you're going to make changes?

Good.

Good.

Well, you mentioned the Internet. We have to look at the Internet because a lot of bad things are happening to young kids and young minds, and their minds are being formed. And we have to do something about maybe what they're seeing and how they're seeing it.

And also video games. I'm hearing more and more people say the level of violence on video games is really shaping young people's thoughts. And then you go the further step, and that's the movies. You see these movies, they're so violent. And yet a kid is able to see the movie if sex isn't involved, but killing is involved, and maybe they have to put a rating system for that.

And, you know, you get into a whole very complicated, very big deal. But the fact is that you are having movies come out that are so violent, with the killing and everything else, that maybe that's another thing we're going to have to discuss. And a lot of people are saying it, you have these movies today where you can go and have a child see the movie, and yet it's so violent and so disgusting. So we may have to talk about that also.

Well, thank you very much, Pam. Thank you very much. Jeff?

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

We're going to act. That's right.

Good. Thank you. And you're doing a great job with the gangs. The gangs are such a problem. You know, we talk about child safety. The kids walk home and they meet one of these gangs. And these are absolute animals. These aren't human beings; these are animals. And it's the torture -- the level of torture. In this country, who would ever believe a thing like this could happen? But we're literally getting MS-13 out by the thousands. But they come in -- these are smart. They're smart. They actually have franchises going to Los Angeles.

We're getting no help from the state of California. I mean, frankly, if I wanted to pull our people from California, you would have a crying mess like you've never seen in California. All I'd have to do is say, ICE and Border Patrol, let California alone. You'd be inundated -- you would see crime like nobody has ever seen crime in this country.

And yet we get no help from the state of California. They are doing a lousy management job. They have the highest taxes in the nation, and they don't know what's happening out there.

Frankly, it's a disgrace -- the sanctuary city situation, the protection of these horrible criminals -- you know because you're working on it. And the protection of these horrible criminals in California, and other places, but in California. That if we ever pulled our ICE out and we ever said, "Hey

Congressman Meadows is a big fan of yours, that I can tell you. You know who I'm talking about, right?

Good man.

Thank you, Sheriff. It's going to take a lot of political courage. You're right.

A lot of political courage. Some of it won't be politically correct. But time for political correctness is over. We have to get this problem solved. So you're right about that.

Thank you, Sheriff. Yes, sir.

Right.

Thank you, Rick. The federal government is really going to be a coordinator between all of the states so that you give information and other states will have that information. Otherwise, there's no way of getting it.

So we'll be doing that. And I have to say, the states are starting to act -- Florida, as an example; your state. A lot of states are starting to act on their own. They don't necessarily need 100 percent from the federal government. Federal government is going to help a lot, but a lot of states can do some of the things that I'm talking about on their own. And I really implore them to do it, and to do it as quickly as possible, as you understand. Thank you.

Governor Scott is a great example.

He's going to do a lot of things. And, again, there will be coordination with the federal government, but the states can do a lot of this work on their own and get it done very quickly. Paula.

Good.

Thank you, Paula. Say hello to the governor.

He's a great governor.

He is. Done a great job. Alex.

That's right.

Right. That's great, Alex. That's great. Thank you very much.

The Mayor of Parkland, Florida has suffered greatly, seen things that you never thought you would ever be a part of or see. And I just want to say, Christine, on behalf of all of us, you've done a great job.

You've been given a rough hand, but you have done a great job. Thank you.

Thank you.

Right.

Well, thank you. And I'm so sorry for what you've gone through. I mean, few people will ever go through what you've gone through over the last week, and we really all appreciate it. You've done a -- you've been an incredible mayor in a time when they need it, really, right now -- a very incredible mayor.

The amazing thing about Parkland -- which I know, because Florida is a special place that I know very well -- this is probably the last place in this country where you'd think a thing like this could happen.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Christine. Andrew.

Okay, good.

Good.

Thank you.

Thank you, Andrew. And Kellyanne Conway, though, I'll have you say -- I think most people know Kellyanne, she's become a pretty big star.  What do you think?

Pretty big star. I think the best. Right?

Would you like to say something? Because I know it's a very important issue for you, personally.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Kellyanne.

Patrick.

Well, I appreciate what you're saying. And I've watched you and read about you, and you have a great story, where you came from and how you -- and you're doing so fantastically well right now.

But I happen to agree with you. We have to harden our schools, not soften them up. A gun-free zone to a killer, or somebody that wants to be a killer, that's like going in for the ice cream. That's like, "Here I am

When they see it says, "This is a gun-free zone

And, I mean, frankly, you have teachers that are Marines for 20 years, and they retire, they become a teacher. And they're Army, Navy, Air Force, they're Coast Guard, they're people that have won shooting contests. And they're for whatever -- this is what they do. They know guns, they understand guns.

And I, frankly, have been reading a lot about it. And I think when you allow a person who has been in the Marines for 20 years, who's done nothing but handle guns and handle them safely and well -- because you can't just give a teacher a gun.

One of the fake news networks, CNN, last night was saying I want teachers to have guns. I don't want teachers to have guns. I want certain highly adept people, people that understand weaponry, guns -- if they really have that aptitude. Because not everybody has an aptitude for a gun.

But if they have the aptitude, I think a concealed permit for -- having teachers and letting people know that there are people in the building with a gun -- you won't have -- in my opinion, you won't have these shootings. Because these people are cowards. They're not going to walk into a school if 20 percent of the teachers have guns. It may be 10 percent or it may be 40 percent.

And what I would recommend doing is the people that do carry, we give them a bonus. We give them a little bit of a bonus. Frankly, they'd feel more comfortable having a gun anyway. But you give them a little bit of a bonus.

So practically for free, you have now made the school into a hardened target. For instance, if the coaches, who I guarantee had plenty of experience with weapons -- if they had guns -- you need to hard, because no matter what you do to keep them gun-free, they'll be able to get in there, and they'll crawl through the back of a window or something. And you're going to have everybody, again, without any protection.

So I know where you stand on it. You want a hardened school, and I want a hardened school, too. I want to know that if they get in there, they're not going to be long. Because it's going to take 10 minutes for the police to get there. The police do an incredible job in getting there. I guess it averages about eight minutes, but the shootings average three minutes. And that's tremendous destruction and death.

So I would like to see true people with great talent at guns and being adept at guns, of which there's only a percentage of people. But whatever that percentage may be, it's a substantial number. Because you can't hire enough security guards.

You can't hire -- I mean, the school -- your school, as an example, Christine, you would have -- you'd need 100, 150 security guards. That is a very big school with a tremendous floor area. You can't have that many -- who wants that many security guards standing all over the place, loaded up with guns?

But you could have concealed on the teachers. They wouldn't know -- the people -- nobody would know who they are. And it is a tremendous threat. And, by the way, instead of advertising, "This school has no guns. We are gun-free

So not everybody agrees with us -- I know how you stand -- and a lot of people do agree with us. But I think we need hardened sites. We need to let people know: You come into our schools, you're going to be dead, and it's going to be fast. And unless you do that, you're going to always have this problem. You can talk about your gun-free zones. We had a case three years ago at a military base where five Marines, I believe, three of whom were world-class shots and experts at guns, they were told it was a gun-free area -- within a military base, if you can believe that.

If we can't trust our military, who are we going to trust? You know what I'm saying. Five. They were putting away -- they put away their guns. Their guns were in a different section, totally gun-free. Their guns were 250 yards away from them where they had to store them. And they went in for lunch, and a wacko came in and shot the five of them. He wouldn't have lasted for one -- three of these people were world-class marksmen.

He wouldn't have lasted for a second. But they stood there; there was nothing they could do. All five were killed. You know the instance I'm talking about. That was in a gun-free zone on a military base.

Well, a school is, frankly, no different. I want my schools protected just like my banks are protected, just like everything else. And I get a kick -- I was watching a politician, weak, ineffective politician last night -- I'd tell you a name, but I don't want to embarrass anybody -- and he was talking about no guns, no this, no that. And yet, he's surrounded by three guys carrying guns. I said, "Well

So we have to harden our sites. We have to be very careful. And these people, as adept as they may -- they have to go to training, I would say, every six months or every year. They have to have a fairly -- really, a rigorous course in what they're doing. And they should be paid extra money. Those teachers should be paid extra money. So they get a bonus, and they'd love getting that bonus, too.

And it would be much less expensive than the guards. It wouldn't look bad. You know, if you have guards, it looks like you have an armed camp that would look terrible. Because people are telling me, we're going to put a lot of security guards in the buildings. Will look terrible. And it would be much more effective.

But I'll tell you what, if you harden these sites in that way, or some other way in a similar fashion -- not only teachers; coaches, it could be other people that work in the building -- if you harden the sites, you're not going to have this problem, because these guys who lack courage will never go into those schools. Those schools are going to be safe.

But when you say a school is gun-free -- it's got no guns, no nothing, it's gun-free -- boy, they start -- that's what they want to hear. So I agree with you, Patrick. Strongly agree with you.

How many are in the school? Because when you have a sheriff's department, they don't have enough people to really take care of the school. That's the problem.

We're having a great success with the appointment of justices, that's true, and judges.

Thank you.

Well, I want the politicians to watch. Like yesterday, very importantly, they watched, and a lot of them saw that. And they saw the devastation that's caused. And you know, some of them maybe don't know if they don't get to see. I mean, I was with those families, and those families are devastated.

And I want the politicians to see that because they have to pass legislation. They have to do things. And I'm the biggest believer of the Second Amendment that there is. Okay? I am the biggest. But I'll tell you what, I spoke with the NRA -- the top people. And I spoke, and they gave me tremendous support, and -- tremendous. I think I had their earliest -- I was probably the earliest one, Kellyanne, from what I hear, ever. You know, they endorsed me at the absolute earliest point that you could. And I'm a believer.

But I spoke to them, and they're ready to do things. They want to do things. You know, they're good people. They're patriots. They love this country. But the NRA is ready to do things. And you know, people like to blame them, and they do have power and all of that. But they want to do -- they want to -- they actually came up with certain of the rules and regulations that we have now.

But we're going to have to toughen -- I told them, I said, we're going to have to toughen them up. Because it doesn't make anybody look good, and most importantly, I saw the devastation of these families. We can't allow that to happen.

But again, we need a hardened school. But we want to harden it without having everybody standing there with a rifle. I don't want that either because that's no good. That sends a lot of bad signals. As an example, I'm watching John Kelly -- General John Kelly. So he's a four-star Marine. He's a tough cookie. If he was a teacher, I wouldn't mind him have a gun because I guarantee he can use it better than anybody.

There's no security guard you're going to hire that's going to handle a gun better than him. So if he's a teacher, and if other friends of his from the Marines, if they're teaching -- or other people like that -- I want them to have a gun.

But more importantly -- almost more importantly, nobody is going to attack that school. Because they know General Kelly is the history teacher. He's teaching about how we win wars, okay? And he's got a concealed weapon. But they're going to know he's got a concealed, because we tell them that the bullets are going to be flying in the other direction. You're not going to have these attacks if you do that.

If you're going to continue with this nonsense about a gun-free zone -- gun-free, it sounds so good. It's like -- it sounds so great. It is such a target for the killer. They look for gun-free zones because, believe it or not, they don't want to get killed.

Well, look at the guy in Florida. He tried to escape with the other. Right? You had a great policeman caught him in a different community. But he actually escaped. He didn't want to get shot. If he would have known that he was going to be shot -- because he's a coward -- but he tried to escape. He did actually escape. They had a great policeman in a different community found him. So that's what we need.

You know, this isn't so much about funding. This is more about common sense. I mean, the money we're talking about -- I mean, what I'm talking about is going to save money. Everybody that agrees on a hard -- they're all talking about having 50 security guards standing all over the school, which is, you know, going to be very not nice for the students.

I'm talking about something where they're there anyway, where they get a little extra money because they happen to carry, where they go for training every year. I mean, we're talking about rules and regulations for purchasing. We're talking about changing an age, from 18 to 21.

I mean, so they buy a revolver -- a handgun -- they buy at the age of 21. And yet, these other weapons that we talk about -- that some people don't like -- they're allowed to buy them at 18. So how does that make sense? How does that make sense? So I say that it should all be at 21.

But we're not only talking about money. We're talking about common sense, and it's a great thing. And the NRA will back it. I really feel very confident the NRA will back it, and so will Congress, and so will the Senate.

No, no, focus on mental illness. You got to focus on mental illness; it's a big factor. But in addition to mental illness, we have to harden our schools, we have to make sure -- in a way that doesn't look like they're hardened. But we have to let the bad guy know that they are hardened. There's not going to be news. And we don't want to have a secret. So you come in here, you're not going to last long. You do that, you're not going to have a problem.

Betsy, thank you.

Good.

Thanks, Betsy. Thank you.

Pam.

Right.

Thank you. Thank you.

But active shooter drills is a very negative thing, I'll be honest with you. I mean, if I'm a child and I'm 10 years old, and they say, we're going to have an active shooter drill, I say, "What's that?"" ""Well

I think that's a very negative thing to be talking about, to be honest with you. I don't like it. I'd much rather have a hardened school. I don't like it. I wouldn't want to tell my son that you're going to participate in an active shooter drill. And I know some of them actually call it that. I think it's crazy. I think it's very bad for children.

Good. Thank you, Pam, very much.

Curtis.

Thank you.

Good.

Do you have anybody inside with a gun that can take on the man that's right outside the door, that, by the way, can shoot right through the steel doors, as they did in your school? Those bullets went right through those steel doors like they were butter.

I just don't know what that means. Honestly, I don't know what that means.

Hopefully. Hopefully.

In the meantime, he's shooting everybody, though.

Yeah, it's good.

Yeah. Thank you very much.

I want to thank everybody. I just want to end by saying -- in listening to some of these suggestions, we really do have to have offensive measures also. I know people don't like talking about it, but we need offensive as well as defensive. We have to be totally defensive. But if we don't have offensive measures within these schools, we're just -- you're just kidding yourselves, folks. You're just kidding yourselves.

And if the offensive measures are strong and solid, you're going to stop the problem. You're going to stop the problem. Because they're not coming into that school. They'll find something else, unfortunately. But they're not coming into that school.

So I just would like everybody to think about that because I hear so many of these wonderful plans where you're going to live in this utopian school and there's not going to be any protection, there's not going to be any guns, there's not going to be any bullets flying at the perpetrator -- the animal that wants to destroy the lives of families and children.

Unless you're going to have offensive capability, you're wasting your time. You're wasting your time. And you're going to talk, and it would be easier to pass -- I'm sure you're having a lot of trouble in Florida passing because a lot of people don't understand it, or they do understand it, but it's politically what they want to believe.

Because I want to end the problem. I don't want to have it where this happens again. And unless we're going to have an offensive capability, it's going to happen again, and again, and again, and it's going to be the same old story. And people are going to be sitting around tables and talking. I like to get things done. And to get this done, we do need defense but we also need offensive capability.

I want to thank everybody. You're really experts at what you're doing. And it's really tremendous hearing some of these ideas that a lot of people haven't heard. The media is now hearing things that they haven't heard. And a lot of people that are watching on television right now are hearing things that they haven't heard.

So it's a horrible situation. We're going to get it stopped. And we're going to stop it through heart and through toughness. It's a combination of through love and through toughness. Otherwise it's not going to happen. Just not going to happen. It's not going to stop.

And again, thank you all very much. It's a great honor to be with you. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much. I don't think I'll be going up against them. I really think the NRA wants to do what's right. I mean, they're very close to me. I'm very close to them. They're very, very great people. They love this country. They're patriots.

The NRA wants to do the right thing. I have spoken to them often in the last two days, and they want to do the right thing. They're going to do the right thing. I have no doubt about it.

It's not a battle. I think the NRA wants to do the right thing.

These are experts. These would be people that actually would want them. And it would be a small percentage, but it would be a lot of people. And once you do this, you will have a situation where, all of a sudden, this horrible plague will stop. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

These are experts. Only experts. You understand that. Only experts. That's all we're talking about. These are people that are at the highest level of professionalism.

I would. For training. For additional training. Thank you. Thank you very much.