Well, thank you, Jerry. And I just want to also thank FEMA; law enforcement -- you folks have been incredible; first responders; the firefighters. They're out there now. They want to be -- you know, got a lot of territory to cover. Still going very heavily. There's a big area of very intense flame right now that's next to a very explosive area, wouldn't you say?

I mean, it's a very -- it's a very big problem out there going. And they're fighting and they're fighting like hell. We've never seen anything like this. In California, we've never seen anything like this, Jerry. It's like total devastation. But again, I want to thank everybody. And Brock is going to give you a little presentation as to where we're going, what we're doing, and how we're doing it. But again, the men and women that are fighting this fire are incredible.

You know that more than 70 people are lost, are gone. And we're looking for hundreds of people right now. There are literally hundreds that they're looking for. And hopefully that's going to be a good conclusion instead of a bad conclusion. Maybe they left and maybe they're with their loved ones somewhere else and we just don't know about it. But they're looking for hundreds of people.

And we'll know the answer to that over the next 48 hours, I think -- for the most part. Brock, perhaps you could give a little bit of a presentation as to how we're going to stop the rest of this monster.

Well, good luck.

You're welcome.  Thank you. Thank you everyone. Thank you.

Say it.

Well, I think you have a lot of factors. We have the management factor that I know Jerry has really been up on and very well. And Gavin is going to -- we're going to be looking at it together. And right now that seems to be a very big problem. And we're going to get that problem solved. In the farm bill, we're putting quite a bit of money -- about $500 million -- in the farm bill for management and maintenance of the forests beyond this area.

But really, management -- $500 million. That will be in the farm bill. We just put it in. The farm bill is moving along pretty rapidly for our great farmers. But we have a new category and that's management and maintenance of the forests. It's very important. I want to thank you folks over there. Right there.

Law enforcement. Great. Great job.

No. No. I have a strong opinion. I want great climate. We're going to have that. And we're going to have forests that are very safe because we can't go through this every year. We go through this -- and we're going to have safe forests. And that's happening as we speak -- as we speak.

No, we're going to work together with the federal government. No -- state, local, and federal government. Federal government is going to work with the state and local, and we're going to help them with funding. And we're going to take -- it's going to take a lot of funding, I will tell you that.

A lot of things have been learned. A lot of things have been learned. And they've been working very hard and I think you're going to see something very spectacular over the next number of years.

Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you.