Thank you very much. We appreciate you being here. I'm delighted to welcome five of our nation's great governors to the White House, and Governor Hutchinson, Governor Ducey, Governor Bryan, Governor Martinez and Governor McMaster, they're doing a fantastic job, and we'll be talking about numerous things.

But one of the elements so important to us is to discuss the border and border security, crime and other things. But that's what we'll be focusing on tonight. We're grateful also to be joined by Secretary Nielsen, who's really working very hard at the border, with some very bad laws.

We have laws that are the worst anywhere in the world, as far as stopping people from coming in. But with that being said, we're down over 40% border crossings. We've been able to do what I think nobody else has been able to do. We're down over 40% tonight, where I'll be discussing joint efforts to stop illegal immigration and secure the borders.

Also we're going to be discussing the deadly ravages of drugs, gangs, and crime that's pouring across our border. We are stopping it and getting them out when they are able to get through, and the only reason they do get through is because of our weak laws that really have been given to us by weak people in Congress.

The Democrats have been horrible on border security. Frankly, it shouldn't be allowed, and many of them are standing there and sitting there and agreeing with me 100%.

As you know, I recently deployed the National Guard to the southern border, and I want to thank each of the governors here tonight. They've all been extremely helpful. They've sent a lot of people to those borders and we appreciate it very much.

We're also working with Congress to close the crippling loopholes and federal or especially, to disgraceful practice of catch and release. That's where you'll catch somebody, talk to him, sign them, and then you have to release them, and it's a horrible situation.

They're supposed to then show up to court. A very small percentage show up to court, and what happens is they get lost in our country, and in some cases, these are not people that you want in the country. So we're talking about catch and release. We have to end it. We're working with Congress on that. These laws have been there a long time and they are horrible

At the same time, we'll use every relevant legal authority to immediately protect our national security and to dismantle the violent criminal organizations plaguing our nation and poisoning our children. What's happening with drugs is a disgrace.

We've started the wall. We have $1.6 billion for the wall. We started new sections and we've started fixing large sections of wall. We have areas in San Diego that are going up very rapidly. We could have waited, and we would have had tremendous support to build the wall because they wanted it very badly in San Diego.

We decided to go forward, instead, we've made a lot of progress on the wall, but now we're going for additional funding and we need the wall for protection of our country also for keeping the drugs out. Very effective. Probably the most effective thing.

So with that, I think maybe what I'll do is we'll go around the room and each of the governors can say a few words, talk about the border, talk about crime or any other subject you'd like. Mr. Governor.

Good, well, you've done a great job Doug. We appreciate it very much, and appreciate your support. You've had it all the way.

General, would you like to say a few words about borders? You know more about borders, I think, than anybody.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much Henry. That's very nice. We are. The country is doing well from the standpoint of economics and finance. And what we're doing, I think, is unparalleled, and I appreciate your statement. Thank you very much. Governor?

Thank you very much Governor. Appreciate it. How about Rick Perry. You know a lot about borders Rick. Governor of Texas for a long time. And what do you think?

A lot of progress. A lot of progress. We do need changes in the law, right Secretary?

We need changes in the law to make it really, really good, but we have done a heck of a job, considering the fact that we do -- and I say it all the time, we have the worst immigration laws in the entire world. There is nobody close, and it could be changed so easily and we're gonna get it changed. Susanna?

Right. Beautifully stated. Thank you very much, appreciate it.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.