Well, thank you very much. This is very important to all of us gathered here. We're pleased to be joined by many of the members of Congress as we take an important step to halt the flood of deadly drugs that are pouring into our country like never before. It took place two, three, four years ago. It's at a level that people haven't seen over the last few years.

In a few moments, I'll sign the Interdict Act. This law directs the Department of Homeland Security to provide additional tools and resources to detect and intercept the supply of illicit fentanyl, which is our new big scourge. It's disgraceful what's happening -- coming from different countries including, frankly, China and others.

And it's pouring in at record numbers. In 2016, nearly 20,000 Americans died as a result of using synthetic opioids such as fentanyl. Each death is a tragedy, leaving behind devastated parents, spouses, and orphans all over our country.

It's reaching every corner of our great nation and it shouldn't be. Rural areas like Hancock County, Ohio -- and we have Senator Portman here and he understands it very well. Where's our Senator?

What is going on in Ohio is incredible --

-- and, frankly, just about every other state. And Kankakee County, Illinois has seen record numbers of overdoses, record numbers of deaths due to drugs. The supply of these deadly drugs come from places outside the United States -- Mexico, China, other countries. Drugs are entering our country across our borders and even through our own postal system. They're using our postal system and they're killing our people.

This law will provide our customers and our customs -- what we want is customs and border protection. We have to have customs and border protection, which is desperately needed. And we have the resources to detect and Interdict these dangerous drugs.

The drugs, for a lot of reasons, are far more dangerous than they've ever been. Even the dogs can't track them down. If they track them, they die. The dogs die just from the scent. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. So you imagine what it does to people. It will increase the number of chemical screening devices, as well as the number of experts to interpret the data that's collected.

My administration is committed to doing everything we can to combat this deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose. This law represents a significant step forward. I think, before we sign -- we have great congressmen and women, we have great senators behind me, and maybe we'll start with Rob, and we'll go around a little bit if anybody would like to say anything. Rob.

And, you know, it's getting worse and worse every year. You look at the charts, you look at the statistics -- every year. The country fights hard. I mean, not just since I've been here; it's been fighting hard, and it gets worse and worse. And what's your recommendation? Senator, what's your recommendation?

Well, it's going to help. Hopefully, it will help a lot. Michael.

Well, we're really tightening that up. Unfortunately, it does come in from China. Much of it -- I would say, a good percentage. What percentage would you say?

And I was with President Xi, and I said, "don't send it

All right, thank you, Ron.

Yes. Go ahead.

Senator.

That's true. That's true.

It's very true. Yes.

We all agree with that.

Senator, go ahead.

And your state has made some progress.

Tough progress, but you've made some progress.

And as you know, we're going to build the wall.  And we really have no choice. Anybody else like to say something?

Yes. Thank you.

Okay. That's okay. That's okay. Yes, sir.

Yes, I know.

Right.

Well, I'm very proud to say that we're way down in the people coming across the border. We have fewer people trying to come across because they know it's not going to happen. But we do need the wall, and we need more border security anyway.

But we are way, way down, and we're also stopping other forms of entry such as airplanes and, you know, coming in through different ways. Even the ports -- coming in through cruisers and cruise lines. And people are coming in ways that we've never even thought possible. A lot of bad people, a lot of drugs -- and we're stopping it.

But we're increasing the numbers. You see it. You've all been a very big part of it. We're increasing the numbers, in terms of getting it stopped and getting it stopped, ideally, permanently. Anybody would like to say anything?

That's right.

I agree.

Well, I agree.

That's true. A lot of it. A lot of it.

No. They go right through the good old-fashioned post office that loses about $6 million a year and delivers internet packages all over the place, okay?

And they lose a lot of money. And you should make sure -- while we're at it, make sure the internet -- they're going to have to start paying sales tax because it's very unfair what's happening to our retailers all over the country that are put out of business. Anybody else, yes?

Very good. Have we covered -- come on, what's wrong with you? You're being so quiet.

It'll help. If it's one life, it helps. But it'll help.

Yes, sure.

Thank you, Susan.

That's right.

Right, Susan.

Thank you, Susan. You know we used to have the "Age of Aquarius."" Everyone thought that was a big drug age. That was nothing compared to this. Believe me. Vice President."

Thank you. Matt, would you like to say something?

Okay, thank you, Matt. So we're going to sign this, and it's a step. And it feels like a very giant step but, unfortunately, it's not going to be a giant step because, no matter what you do, this is something that keeps pouring in.

And we're going to find the answer. There is an answer. I think I actually know the answer. But I'm not sure the country is ready for it yet. Does anybody know what I mean? I think so. Okay, folks.

Who is getting this pen? Who is getting this pen? Can I ask for a vote? We're going to get all of you a pen. I'm going to give it to a Democrat, okay? Shows you're bipartisan. That's bipartisan -- when I give it to a Democrat.  And the Republicans told me to give it to a Democrat.

Thank you, everybody.