Thank you very much. Yeah, we'll start off with a prayer for our great Cabinet. And, Ben Carson, would you do the honors? Thank you very much.

Thank you very much, Ben. That was very nice. Thank you. It's great to have everybody and have a little meeting. We're going to go over deregulation and some other things. If you'd like to stay, you're certainly entitled to.

Today's Cabinet meeting will focus on my administration's historic and unprecedented effort to remove job-killing regulations. They have been put on our country at a level over the last 15 and 20 years like nobody has ever seen before; more in the last 10 years than we had in every year put together.

We have eliminated more regulations than any administration ever -- even though it's substantially less than two years that we're here. We're lifting the crushing federal burdens on farmers, ranchers, factory workers, energy producers, and businesses of all types.

Along with our massive tax cuts and powerful trade policies, which you're seeing every day -- the deals we're making are unprecedented; great deals -- this regulatory rollback has helped to unleash an economic miracle: Jobless claims are at their lowest level in more than 50 years. African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment rates have all recently achieved their lowest levels ever recorded.

And the economic pictures all throughout the country -- literally no matter what aspect of business, finance, economics you're talking about -- we're setting records. I can't think of any category of business where we're not setting records, unless it's negative, in which case we're way, way far away from those records.

The World Economic Forum just announced that the United States has reclaimed its place after a long absence as the world's most competitive economy and country. That's a great thing to have.

We've also ended the war on American energy. We are now the largest producer of oil and natural gas in the world. And soon I'll be able to say "by far." We will be, by far, the largest.

We're removing red tape so we can substantially lower the price of healthcare premiums and prescription drugs. We've come out with healthcare programs that are incredible, that people are just starting to learn about.

We got rid of the individual mandate in Obamacare, and we're running Obamacare -- the remnants of it -- better than ever before. The premiums are going up at a much smaller rate. It will end up being over at some point.

We had it done, but unfortunately, somebody decided to vote against that at the last moment, even though they campaigned for years saying they were going to do it. But these are the facts of life. But it's of no import because it's happening anyway. But getting rid of the individual mandate was a very, very powerful thing.

We oppose efforts from Democrats to destroy your healthcare and to raid your Medicare to pay for socialism. And that's what's happening. You'll end up with Venezuela.

We totally support people with preexisting conditions. We have a tremendous level of talent, and we're doing a lot of work on preexisting conditions. And Democrats will never be able to pull that off.

I will be asking every Cabinet Secretary to continue identifying and removing every needless, wasteful, and job-killing regulation that remains on the books.

And while we've set a record -- even though it's a short period of time, we've set a record no President or administration has cut nearly as much. There are many, many left to do. And it will not hurt safety, it will not hurt health, it will not hurt anything. It will get things moving faster.

We have tremendous potential. Our country has tremendous potential. And a lot of it was held up by exactly what we're talking about. To stop offshoring and outsourcing, we are also fixing America's horrendous trade deals. You know all about that -- the deal with Canada, with Mexico, with South Korea. We're in a position where we're in very good shape with China. China wants to make a deal. And we're just -- I'm just saying they're not ready yet.

I told them, "You're not ready to make a deal yet." And I don't blame China. I blame the people that were in charge of running our country, for allowing that to happen. China was taking out $500 billion a year -- and more. And that should never have been allowed to happen.

But likewise, other countries are -- at a much smaller level are -- everybody does well against the piggy bank. And we're stopping that. We want fairness, and we're going to have fairness.

So the USMCA has turned out to be a deal that's been incredible for our farmers, for our manufacturers, for everybody. It's going through the process now. It's been approved by Mexico, been approved by Canada. And likewise, the deal, as you know, in South Korea was a deal made by the previous administration. It was unacceptable. It was so bad. It was unacceptable. It was a tremendous drag on this country, and we've changed it. And now it's a very good deal for our country.

So that's why we're here. And I think what we'll do is we'll start on the regulation aspect by asking Director Mulvaney to give you an update as to exactly what's been going on. Where is Mick?

That is true. Right.

That is a big factor. Thank you very much, Mick. Secretary Zinke? Thank you.

Very good. Thank you very much. That's music to my ears.  On transportation -- thank you very much, Ryan -- I'd like to ask Elaine Chao, who's doing a terrific job. Secretary, please.

That is great. And I think one thing -- very important -- roadways and highways were taking forever to get approved.

And we've cut them down many, many years. And ultimately, maybe we'll get down to one, but we are getting very close to two. And in some cases, you know many stories where they're 21, 22 years -- 18 years, 19 years to get just approvals. And in many cases, they don't get approved. After spending tens of millions and hundreds of millions of dollars on the approval process, in many cases they don't even get approved after so many years.

So we're down to two years. We'll very soon be down to two years, and maybe we'll even do better than that. And they may not get approved, and that's okay, too, but at least you're going to know if it's not going to happen.

Secretary Perdue, Agriculture, please.

And we have to do that in California, by the way.

California is a mess. We're giving billions and billions of dollars for forest fires in California. There's no reason for those fires to be like they are. They are leaving them dirty. It's a disgraceful thing.

Old trees are sitting there rotting and dry. And instead of cleaning it up, they don't touch them; they leave them. And we end up with these massive fires that we're paying hundreds of billions of dollars for -- to fix. And the destruction is incredible.

So I think California ought to get their act together and clean up their forests and manage their forests, because it's disgraceful. What's happening should never happen. I go all over the country and I meet with governors. The first thing they say is, "There's no reason for forest fires like that in California."

So I say to the governor or whoever is going to be the governor of California: You better get your act together. Because California, we're just not going to continue to pay the kind of money that we're paying because of fires that should never be to the extent -- they were telling me in a couple of states -- I won't even mention their name -- it's like a flash. Some grass will burn; it'll be over in minutes. They'll lose two acres, three acres at the most. They won't even lose that. And here we are with thousands of acres and billions and billions of dollars. Every year, it's the same thing. Every year.

And they don't want to clean up their forests because they have environmental problems in cleaning it up. It should be the opposite because you're going to lose your forests. You're losing them. But it's costing our country hundreds of billions of dollars because of incompetence in California.

So the people -- I'm speaking now for the people of California. They don't want to see this happen. They're getting destroyed. And it's hurting our budgets, it's hurting our country, and they just better get their act together.

I'm sorry, go ahead.

That's right.

Big difference.

I hear it's a big difference.

Great job. Thank you very much. SBA, deregulation -- a woman who has done a fantastic job, and I appreciate it. Linda, please.

Thank you very much, Linda. Appreciate it. USMCA -- it's new, it's good. It takes the place of NAFTA, which was a total disaster. Thousands of factories and plants closed. The farmers were never treated properly by NAFTA. The USMCA is a whole different ballgame. It opens up Canada. It opens up Mexico for our farmers and for others.

And I'd like to have Bob Lighthizer, who's really worked so hard -- 24 hours, around the clock -- for a long time, many months. Bob, maybe you could give a little briefing, please.

Thank you very much, Bob. And I have to say that these are countries, in every instance, which had no intention of ever negotiating with the United States. They were not going to. They were very happy with the deals the way they were. Speaking for Mexico, Canada, South Korea -- every one of them.

You go to the European Union, they had no intention of renegotiating; now they're renegotiating. We'll see what happens with that one. They've treated us very harshly for many, many years, taking out tremendous amounts of money over $150 billion a year for many years. And frankly, it's ridiculous. It's hard to believe that we could've allowed ourselves to be put in that position. And that's why we have debt, and that's why we have tremendous deficits.

And on trade, as an example, almost $800 billion a year has been lost for many years in our  -- $800 billion. It's not even a conceivable number.

So we're negotiating. And again, they wouldn't negotiate at the beginning. I said, "That's okay. You don't have to negotiate." I said, "Why aren't you going to negotiate?" "Because we're very happy with our deal. We're extremely happy with our deal." And I said, "But I'm not happy with your deal."

And I said, "That's okay. We're going to put tariffs on every product you sell to the United States." And they said, "We would like to negotiate immediately."

And President Obama was unable to get anybody even to go to the table. And that goes for previous administrations also, too. It's incredible. And again, China; you could look at Vietnam; you could look at every country -- just about every country. Incredible that we allowed this as a country to happen. And it's not going to happen any longer. And that just shows the tremendous potential we have. Because we had these horrible trade deals, we had these horrible military deals, where we paid for everybody's military, or we certainly don't get subsidized or paid back what we should be. And that includes NATO, where we're paying for 90 percent of NATO to protect Europe. And I think it's all fine, but they have to pay.

I got them to put up $44 billion last year. They're going to put up at least that amount this year, maybe more. They should pay for the whole thing right away. But we're paying for NATO. We are paying to protect Europe. And then on top of that, Europe treats us very badly on trade. So we lose on a double -- it's a double whammy, I call it.

So all of that is changing; it's changing rapidly. We're in a very strong negotiating position because we're the piggybank that everybody wants to rob. And I don't blame China, and I don't blame Europe, and I don't blame anybody. I blame our politicians, and I blame our leaders for allowing this to happen. There was no reason for it.

So we're making up for lost time, and we'll do it properly. I'd like to have Larry Kudlow speak and maybe talk about where we are with the economy, how good it's doing. It's been setting records despite all of the above. And, Larry, I guess that's why I say the potential is so enormous. Because you look at what happens to us on the military -- the massive amounts of money.

You look at -- we have 716-billion-dollar budgets; Russia has a budget of $68 billion. China has a budget that's just a small fraction of what we spend. It's absolutely ridiculous. And that's because we protect every country in the world practically. And some of these countries are massively wealthy and they don't pay us for the protection. It's crazy.

So, Larry, please.

Thank you, Larry. Thanks. Good job.  Larry, have you done that before? I just asked Larry, has he done that before? I think so. Ben, what do you think?

That was great. But he's never been this optimistic. I've watched Larry for many, many years. I hear that voice -- that beautiful voice. I say, "That's Larry." I can tell Larry in my sleep. And I've never seen him more positive than you've been in the last couple of months. And you've done a great job, but I appreciate you doing that.

Thank you very much, Larry. Appreciate it. And I think Larry is going to be very happy with what I'm going to say. I might as well leave the press to say it because it will put more pressure on all of the people gathered around our table.

I'm going to ask each of you to come back with a 5-percent budget cut from your various departments. Whether it's a secretary, an administrator, whatever, I'm going to ask everybody with a 5-percent cut for our next meeting. I think you'll all be able to do it. There may be a special exemption, perhaps. I don't know who that exception would be. If you can do more than five -- some of you will say, "Hey, I can do much more than five."

You know, I've heard about the penny plan for 15 years. One penny every year per dollar -- one penny every year -- after four or five years, the country is in good shape. I'm saying, let's not do the penny plan; let's do the five-penny plan. I think you can do it.

So I'd like to have everyone sitting around the table -- your incredible domains that you preside over so brilliantly, in some cases. In some cases very well; in some cases brilliantly. I would like you to come back with a 5-percent cut. Get rid of the fat. Get rid of the waste. And I'm sure you can do it. I'm sure everybody at this table can do it. It will have a huge impact.

Last budget we had to go -- because of the military -- we had to fix our military. Our military is in the process of being fixed. Planes are being made. Boats are being made. Ships are being made. Missiles, rockets, everything. Our nuclear is being brought to a level that nobody else could even imagine. Pray to God we don't have to use it. But there will be nothing like what we have, and there is nothing like what we have.

And that's why I did that. I made deals with the devil in order to get that done, because we had to improve our military. Our military was depleted. It was in bad shape. Our great people in the military hadn't received a wage increase in more than 10 years. Now they're getting an increase. First time in more than 10 years.

So I wanted to do that and -- in order to get that done -- because the Democrats won't vote for the military. They don't like the military. They don't like law enforcement. They don't like borders.

You see what's happening with the border, where people are coming up in caravans and we have to stop them even though the laws are terrible. The laws are terrible. Our laws are terrible. They're a laughingstock all over the world. And we're supposed to stop people with laws that aren't very good, but we're doing better than anybody else could possibly even think about.

But I'd like you all to come back with a 5-percent cut. And I think if you can do more than that, we will be very happy. There are some people sitting at the table -- I'm not going to point you out -- but there are some people that can really do substantially more than that. Because now that we have our military taken care of, we have our law enforcement taken care of, we can do things that we really weren't in a position to do when I first came.

So we'll see you at the next meeting. I'll see you many times before. I'm sure I'll speak to all of you during this term. But that's a very, very important request that I'm making of everybody sitting around this table. It's tremendous amounts of money, and it's something that we can do.

And I believe we could actually do it, easily. So rather than go by the penny plan, we'll call it the nickel plan. At least it will be a one-year nickel plan. We may do another nickel plan next year too.

Thank you all very much. To the press, thank you very much.

We know what the budget -- the new budget is for the Defense Department. It will probably be $700 billion. So it's 716; it was 700 -- 716. And that's a very substantial number but it's defense. It's very important. I mean, to us, without defense, maybe the rest of it doesn't mean very much.

But if you know, it was a $520  a very short while ago. And the reason I brought it up to 700 and then 716 was to build new ships. We're building new, incredible submarines, the finest in the world. The most powerful in the world, anywhere, ever.

We're doing things that we have never done on this scale. So that included a lot of rebuilding of our military. So despite that, I'm going to keep that at $700 billion -- defense. Okay?

No, they're just -- they're great, very talented people. They're not investigating themselves. They're going to cut costs. These all talented people. They have now been here long enough to be able to do this.

They are -- it's a great group around this table. It's a great group. And they'll be able to do it. And when you add this and couple this with what Larry Kudlow said about how well we're doing, I wouldn't -- where is Larry?

I mean, Larry has to be very happy when he hears this. You didn't even expect this, right? Did you expect this, Larry?

Yeah. I mean, this is part of it. This is all part of it. I just couldn't do it last year because of the fact that we had to do our military. Our military was in really bad shape.

You had planes -- you had planes that couldn't fly. You had -- you had military that was really in a ridiculous situation. So that's what we had to do.

So what they're doing is they're doing it themselves. Okay, any other questions? Steve, go ahead.

I told them they're not ready yet.

No, because they've had -- they make too much --

We have rebuilt China, just so you understand. Our country has rebuilt China -- with their hardworking genius also. But how our country has allowed itself to lose $500 billion a year, and much more than that, is ridiculous -- is ridiculous.

So it's hard for them to do a deal because they've had it so good for so long. It's a very hard thing for them to do. But we have a very good relationship with China. We have -- I have a great relationship with President Xi. And I think you'll see something happen that going to be good for both countries. Okay?

Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.