Okay, thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Nancy Pelosi with us and Chuck Schumer with us. And we've actually worked very hard on a couple of things that are happening. Criminal justice reform -- as you know, we've just heard word -- got word that Mitch McConnell and the group, we're going to be putting it up for a vote.

We have great Democrat support, great Republican support. So, criminal justice reform, something that people have been trying to get -- how long, Nancy? Many years.

Many, many years. Looks like it's going to be passing, hopefully -- famous last words -- on a very bipartisan way. And it's really something we're all very proud of. And again, tremendous support from Republicans and tremendous support from Democrats. And I think it's going to get a very good vote. And we'll see soon enough.

But it will be up for a vote very shortly. A lot of years they've been waiting for it. The other thing, the farm bill is moving along nicely. And I guess they'll be voting on Friday or so. But pretty close.

And we think the farm bill is in very good shape. A lot of good things are happening with it, and our farmers are well taken care of. And again, that will be quite bipartisan and it will happen pretty soon. And then we have the easy one, the wall. That will be the one that will be the easiest of all. What do you think, Chuck?

Maybe not?

So we're going to see. But I will tell you, the wall will get built. We'll see what happens. It is not an easy situation because the Democrats have a different view, I think, than -- I can say -- the Republicans. We have great Republican support. We don't have Democrat support. But we're going to talk about that now.

We're going to see. One thing that I do have to say is: Tremendous amounts of wall have already been built, and a lot of -- a lot of wall. When you include the renovation of existing fences and walls, we've renovated a tremendous amount and we've done a lot of work. In San Diego, we're building new walls right now.

And we've -- right next to San Diego, we've completed a major section of wall and it's really worked well. So, a lot of wall has been built. We don't talk about that, but we might as well start, because it's building -- it's being built right now, big sections of wall. And we will continue that. And one way or the other, it's going to get built.

I'd like not to see a government closing, a shutdown. We will see what happens over the next short period of time. But the wall is a very important thing to us. I might put it a different way. Border security is extremely important, and we have to take care of border security. When you look at what happened with the caravans, with the people, with a lot of -- we shut it down; we had no choice.

We shut it down. But it could be a lot easier if we had real border security. I just want to pay my respects to the Border Patrol agents and officers. They've been incredible. The ICE agents and officers, they've been incredible. And very importantly, our military. Our military went in and they did an incredible job.

They have been really, really spectacular. A lot of the people that wanted to come into the country, and really, they were to come in no matter how they wanted to come in -- they were going to come in even in a rough way -- many of these people are leaving now and they're going back to their countries: Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, and other countries.

They're leaving. If you noticed, it's getting a lot less crowded in Mexico. And a lot of them are going to stay in Mexico, and the Mexican government has been working with us very well. So we appreciate that. But they haven't been coming into our country. We can't let people come in that way. So that's pretty much it. We're going to talk about the wall.

I wanted to talk about criminal justice reform, just to let you know how positive that is. I want to talk about the farm bill, how positive that is. And I want to talk about the wall. And I will tell you, it's a tough issue because we are in very opposite sides of -- I really think I can say "border security," but certainly the wall.

But the wall will get built. A lot of the wall is built. It's been very effective. I asked for a couple of notes on that. If you look at San Diego, illegal traffic dropped 92 percent once the wall was up. El Paso, illegal traffic dropped 72 percent, then ultimately 95 percent, once the wall was up. In Tucson, Arizona, illegal traffic dropped 92 percent.

Yuma, it dropped illegal traffic 95 to 96 percent. I mean -- and when I say "dropped," the only reason we even have any percentage where people got through is because they walk and go around areas that aren't built. It dropped virtually 100 percent in the areas where the wall is. So, I mean, it's very effective.

If you really want to find out how effective a wall is, just ask Israel -- 99.9 percent effective. And our wall will be every bit as good as that, if not better. So we've done a lot of work on the wall; a lot of wall is built. A lot of people don't know that. A lot of wall is renovated. We have walls that were in very bad condition that are now in A1 tip-top shape.

And, frankly, some wall has been reinforced by our military. Our military has done a fantastic job. So the wall will get built, but we may not -- we may not have an agreement today. We probably won't. But we have an agreement on other things that are really good. Nancy, would you like to say something?

Did you say "Trump" -- oh, oh.

I was going to call it a "Pelosi shutdown."

No, we don't have the votes, Nancy, because in the Senate, we need 60 votes and we don't have it.

Yeah, but I can't -- excuse me. But I can't get it passed in the House if it's not going to pass in the Senate. I don't want to waste time.

The House we can get passed very easily, and we do.

But the problem is the Senate, because we need 10 Democrats to vote, and they won't vote.

It's sort of the point.

Correct.

If we thought we were going to get it passed in the Senate, Nancy, we would do it immediately. We would get it passed very easily in the House.

Nancy, I'd have it passed in two seconds. It doesn't matter, though, because we can't get it passed in the Senate because we need 10 Democrat votes. That's the problem.

That's right.

Right.

If I needed the votes for the wall in the House, I would have them -- in one session, it would be done.

It doesn't help because we need 10 Democrats in the Senate.

Okay, let me ask you this. Just -- and we're doing this in a very friendly manner. It doesn't help for me to take a vote in the House, where I will win easily with the Republicans --

It doesn't help to take that vote because I'm not going to get the vote of the Senate.

I need 10 senators. That's the problem.

I have the White House.

The White House is done. And the House would give me the vote if I wanted it. But I can't because I need --

Nancy, I need 10 votes from Chuck.

Nancy, I do. And we need border security.

Nancy. Nancy. We need border security. It's very simple.

We need border security.

People are pouring into our country, including terrorists. We have terrorists. We caught 10 terrorists over the last very short period of time. Ten. These are very serious people. Our border agents, all of our law enforcement has been incredible what they've done. But we caught 10 terrorists. These are people that were looking to do harm.

We need the wall. We need -- more important than anything, we need border security, of which the wall is just a piece. But it's important. Chuck, did you want to say something?

Well, the Washington Post --  --

Chuck --

You don't want to shut down the government, Chuck.

Because the last time you shut it down you got killed.

And if it's not good border security, I won't take it.

And if it's not good border security, I won't take it.

Because when you look at these numbers of the effectiveness of our border security, and when you look at the job that we're doing with our military --

Can I be -- can I tell you something?

Without a wall -- these are only areas where you have the walls.

Where you have walls, Chuck, it's effective. Where you don't have walls, it is not effective.

We're going to keep it open --

-- if we have border security.

If we don't have border security, Chuck --

-- we're not going to keep it open.

By us.

Chuck, we can build a much bigger section with more money.

Okay.

We need border security. And I think we all agree that we need border security.

Is that right?

See? We get along. Thank you, everybody.

No, you need the wall. The wall is a part of border security.

Yeah. We need border security. The wall is a part of border security. You can't have very good border security without the wall, no.

It totally solves the problem.

And it's very important.

Well, we have the lowest unemployment that we've had in 50 years.

And we've gained in the Senate. Nancy, we've gained in the Senate.

Excuse me. Did we win the Senate?

We won the Senate.

I did.

We did win North Dakota.

But it's not bad, Nancy.

It's called transparency.

You know what? We need border security.

That's what we're going to be talking about: border security. If we don't have border security, we'll shut down the government. This country needs border security.

The wall is a part of border security.

Let's have a talk. We're going to get the wall built and we've done a lot of wall already.

It's a big section. It's a big part of it.

It's a big part of it. We need to have effective border security. We need a wall in certain parts -- no, not in all parts -- but in certain parts of a 2,000-mile border, we need a wall.

We are doing it much under budget. We're actually way under --

-- budget on the areas that we've renovated and areas that we've built. I would say if we got --

-- if we got $5 billion, we could do a tremendous chunk of wall.

Well, we're going to see. We're going to see. Look, we have to have the wall. This isn't a question; this is a national emergency. Drugs are pouring into our country. People with tremendous medical difficulty and medical problems are pouring in, and in many -- in many cases, it's contagious. They're pouring into our country.

We have to have border security. We have to have a wall as part of border security. And I don't think we really disagree so much. I also know that, you know, Nancy is in a situation where it's not easy for her to talk right now, and I understand that. And I fully understand that. We're going to have a good discussion and we're going to see what happens.

But we have to have border security.

That's right. And that's why the country is doing so well.

I agree with that.

No, no I agree with that.

I -- no, no, no, no, no. The last time, Chuck, you shut it down --

-- and then you opened it up very quickly.

And I don't want to do what you did. But, Chuck --

You want to know something?

Okay, you want to put that on my --

I'll take it.

You know what I'll say: Yes, if we don't get what we want, one way or the other -- whether it's through you, through a military, through anything you want to call -- I will shut down the government. Absolutely.

And I am proud -- and I'll tell you what --

I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck, because the people of this country don't want criminals and people that have lots of problems and drugs pouring into our country. So I will take the mantle. I will be the one to shut it down. I'm not going to blame you for it. The last time you shut it down, it didn't work.

I will take the mantle of shutting down.

And I'm going to shut it down for border security.

Okay. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Yeah, we're interviewing a lot of -- we have a lot of great people for Chief of Staff. A lot of people want the job. A lot of people want the job. And I have some great people. A lot of friends of mine want it. A lot of people that Chuck and Nancy know very well want it. I think people you'd like.

We have a lot of people that want the job -- Chief of Staff. So we'll be seeing what happens very soon. We're in no rush. We're in no rush.

Why? Because we have a wonderful Chief of Staff right now. Just no -- we are in no rush. Over a period of a week or two, or maybe less, we'll announce who it's going to be. But we have a lot of people that want the position. Thank you very much everybody. Thanks.