Great.

Right.

Why is that? Why? How come?

And where are the drugs coming from? Mostly the cocaine, heroin, meth -- where's it coming from?

Which particular country?

And what are Mexico and Colombia and these other countries -- what are they doing about it? Nothing?

Do you think they're really trying?

Good.

Yeah.

That's a big issue.

Thank you.

Okay, I will. And this is quite a facility. Actually incredible. I'd love the media to take a look at that, and maybe you can show them -- unless there's some reason you can't -- but it'd be just as an overall glance.

I will say to the press, what I've just seen is pretty incredible. Pretty incredible. Too bad we need it, but we need it. There's no doubt about it.

The National Targeting Center has really -- we've really put a lot behind it, and we are going to be putting a lot more behind it. You hear -- just from what you've heard right now, it's a very big subject. And it's something, if we don't watch it, it's going to get worse and it's going to get out of control. We're not going to let that happen.

I think one of the keys to stopping the drugs is very tough on the pushers and the drug dealers. I think we can have all the blue ribbon committees with all of our friends and all of the people on the wonderful blue ribbon committee, but I'm not a believer in blue ribbon committees.

I think you need tough -- really tough enforcement. And you need to get tough on the pushers, and you have to get tough on the dealers -- beyond tough. The tougher the better.

The officials here today each took an oath defend his country or her country. As Congress considers immigration reforms, these are the most important voices for us to listen to, by far. These are the men and women that really know what's happening and that know how to keep America safe. They're real professionals. I was just with them. They're real professionals.

And, again, I hope you can get at least a glimpse of that incredible room.

That is some room with a lot of great people. That's why today we've opened this meeting to the cameras and to the media. I know you don't like to be here, but here we are together. And nobody is going to shout out any questions, I know that.

So I just -- I welcome the media. I want the media to hear this because this is a big, big problem, and it takes a big solution to solve a big problem.

The lawmakers can also hear the truth through you. We're going for big funding, and we're going to be expanding these buildings -- not only this building, but these buildings.

In their presentation today, you'll hear everyone explain the reforms that they need from Congress, including securing the border -- that's also a wall. A real wall, not a little wall like some people said, "Let's just build a little wall."" They have them; they don't work. You need a real wall that will work 99.9 percent -- securing the border

These are men and women who are really charged with keeping out criminals, stopping terrorists, interdicting narcotics, and protecting our workers and our taxpayers -- protecting Americans.

I want to thank you all for being here. I want to thank you for the incredible job you've been doing. It's tough, and you don't get a lot of backup from Congress or from different parties.

I will tell you, the Republican Party is with you 100 percent. We really want to get this solved. We want strong borders. We want to give you laws. We want to stop the catch-and-release nonsense that goes on. You catch somebody, and you release them. And you know they're bad. You look at the numbers where they're coming from, Kevin. They're coming in -- they're pouring in from other -- El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, all over. They're just pouring into our country. And we've stopped it, but the laws make it very tough.

If we had the right laws passed in Congress, your job would be --

One-hundred percent easier. I mean, it would be a whole different job. But we have jobs where, if you catch somebody, you can't do anything. We have court systems that don't work. We have everything bad, and we're going to make everything good. And that's what we're here for, and that's what we've been working on very hard. And I think with you, Secretary, we're going to get there. We're going to get there fast.

So I just want to let you know that the Trump administration is with you folks 100 percent. You have not been backed up properly, and everybody knows it. For political reasons, for lots of different reasons. But the Trump administration is with you. We're going to clean up our borders. We're going to have great people come into our country. They're going to come in based on merit. They're going to come in for lots of good reasons. But we're going to have great people coming to our -- we're going to stop what's going on. We're going to stop it fast, and we're already stopping it to an extent. But we are going to stop it.

And the big thing is we have to stop with the drugs. Because you go down to any law enforcement agency, you go down to the precincts, and you say, what percentage of your crime is drug-related? And it's usually numbers like 70, 75, 80 percent. It's just a massive number.

And these countries are not our friends. You know, we think they're our friends and we send them massive aid. And I won't mention names right now, but I look at these countries, I look at the numbers we send them -- we send them massive aid and they're pouring drugs into our country and they're laughing at us. So I'm not a believer in that. I want to stop the aid. I want to stop the aid. If they can't stop drugs from coming in -- because they could stop them a lot easier than us. They say, "Oh

So we give them billions and billions of dollars and they don't do what they're supposed to be doing. And they know that. But we're going to take a very harsh action.

So Secretary, you take over. I'd like to hear from the rest of your people.

Good.

Good.

Okay.

Will this be cleared up by the legislation we're potentially working if we can get the Democrats to approve anything, you know? It's pretty tough. They can't even approve citizenship, okay? They can't approve anything. But if we can get them to approve something, will all of this, which we desperately need for the people in this building and for law enforcement -- will this be part of it?

Because we just don't have the right laws.

But it's all included. It's got to all be included, right?

Thanks, Tom.

You have a 45-year low in border crossings?

That's a great number. But we're still unhappy about it, right? I'm very unhappy. I'm very unhappy. Think of it. A 45-year low in border crossings and I'm unhappy about it. But that's impressive nevertheless. But you'll do much better, good luck.

Because the laws are no good, right? Our laws.

What about their laws where they don't take them back? Because you also have countries that won't --

It's another problem.

What percentage show up to court?

And how many eventually go out?

No, they get out.

So many of the people never leave the country.

They get lost in the country and that's it.

I mean, I'll just tell you for the media, this doesn't make sense at all for anybody. This was made up by people that don't know what they're doing. And this isn't like this in other countries. You try staying in Mexico. You go and do things in Mexico -- they throw you out fast.

You look at other countries, they have strong controls. We have no controls. And a lot of it is Congress's fault, and we're going to get it changed.

Go ahead, Tom.

Yeah.

But you have it now. So how bad is it, catch-and-release? Like, forget it, right?

We're talking about sanctuary cities?

As soon as we get the new legislation passed that you -- that everybody is talking about -- if it happens, because, you know, it's a big question as to whether or not it's going to happen -- and we have a March 5th date, so we'll see.

And we're dealing with both sides, but, you know, could very well not happen, which is incredible. But if we do get that, will we have most of the things that you need in terms of detention, release, everything else?

See, these are things you can't even negotiate. I mean, you can't negotiate this with the Democrats, because this is stuff for safety. And it's not like, "Oh

So there's not a lot of negotiation on this kind of thing.

Are you maybe the closest now because the attitudes are with us? Because of this administration -- I mean, I'm with you 100 percent. Are you now closer? Because you've had some administrations who wouldn't even think of this stuff.

But this is all being put in the legislation that what we're doing now.

It's one big, beautiful proposal.

And that's it, right?

And we're not negotiating?

Not this kind of stuff. Not law enforcement, right?

Because there's nothing you can negotiate.

Hi, John.

John, how are you doing with litigation on sanctuary cities? Because I read about it so much where, you know, everybody is suing and nobody wants the sanctuary cities except a couple of politicians that -- in the local areas -- they fight hard for a sanctuary city, and it's unsafe. How are you doing on --

And you throw them out but they come back as fast you throw them out.

Different ones or the same?

So what makes them so evil, more so than other gangs even? And there are some pretty bad gangs. What is it exactly? They come from a certain part of the world. What makes them so evil?

And why is that though?

And because of the laws we have, we have to put up with it, right?

No, you have to. Just do what you have to do. But in theory, because of the laws that we have -- the weak and just terrible laws that we have -- we have to live with this at a much bigger pace than we would normally.

I mean, you'd be able -- Tom, you'd be able to get them out really quickly if we had the right laws.

So let me ask you: Of the 214 or so people, how many of them are good, wonderful people that can be wonderful citizens of this country someday? What would you say would be the percentage?

What about the local police? How are they doing with it?

So we're throwing a lot of MS-13 out -- and jail -- but a lot of them are getting out, and they're coming back in -- and different people -- but they're coming back in.

And our Democrat friends don't understand this?

How many of those countries are there?

Well, we've taken a much tougher stand. And, you know, we give aid to a lot of these countries, and they wouldn't take anybody back. And we said, we're not going you aid anymore -- which, frankly, we probably shouldn't do anyway. We give aid to everybody.

So how many countries are there? Who are the worst offenders?

So if they don't take them back and -- you know, those are unusual names, because you think in terms of South America more so than you do Asia. But if they don't take them back, we'll put sanctions on the countries. We'll put tariffs on the countries. They'll take them back so fast your head will spin. We'll just tariff their goods coming in, and they'll take them back in two seconds. You have a lot of people from those countries, and they'll take them back.

We've had a very weak policy. We bring them back; they say, "We don't want them."" And why should they? They killed five people. Why would they want them? And we will do something with regard to sanctions and tariffs

And the other is, we give a lot of aid to some of those countries. And to those countries, we'll stop giving aid, and they will take them back instantaneously. Okay? You just have to let us know just who they are. A lot of ways to handle it. But you can only handle it economically, because otherwise -- you know, you're not going to force them in. And that's so easy to solve. It sounded difficult, but it's not. That's an easy one.

Okay, good. So you'll work on that. John, you'll work on that.

To the press, if you could go back and tell the Democrats they really have to vote on this, because otherwise, this is going to go on for a long time, and we can't let this happen to our country. Thank you.

I would say we want to make a deal. I think they want to use it for political purposes, for elections. I really don't -- I really am not happy with the way it's going from the standpoint of the Democrats negotiating. And DACA is something that should absolutely be easy to do. And I don't think the Democrats want to take care of the DACA recipients. I don't think they want to take care.

So when you ask, "How's it going