Thank you all very much. Fantastic community here. Thank you. What a great job you've done, and we appreciate it very much. An incredible job, and everybody's talking about it.

I just got back from the hospital. A young woman was shot -- four bullets, two in her lungs. And they got her over to the hospital in less than 21 minutes. She had no chance, and, between the first responders, your people who got her -- you know who I'm talking about -- they got her there, Scott.

What a job you've done, and the doctors did a great job over at the hospital -- a combination which is incredible. And I hope you're getting the credit for it. Because, believe me, you deserve it. The job you've done is unparalleled.

Give them a raise. Give everybody here a raise.

Well, thank you very much, Scott, and you did fantastically. You know, I know Broward very well. I've been here many times. I don't live very far away. I'm right up the road. We actually drove down. We landed over at Palm Beach International and we drove down. And this was supposed to take place on Sunday or Monday. And I said, "No way."" And then Marco said

Maybe we could ask you each to say your name and a little bit about what you do. You have a lot of folks here. I'd like to get the world to see the great job that you've done.

So the governor of Florida, we all know -- Rick Scott has done a fantastic job. Fantastic governor. Truly a state that's doing well. We know that Rick, right?.

So I just want to thank you.  say something.

Thank you.

Thank you, Rick. Fantastic job. Fantastic governor. Attorney General Pam Bondi.

I'll tell you who appreciates it, too, are the parents. Because I was at the hospital with a lot of parents. And they are really thankful for the job you've done. Now, in those cases, their child is in really great shape considering they, in most cases, would not have been. But they are really thankful to everybody. Thanks, Pam.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you, Jim.

Great. Good job.

Thank you, Chris.

That's right. And you found her in a very odd place, too. Not easy to even find. What a job you did. Thank you very much.

Yes. Great job. I've heard about that. Heard about you. Great job. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

You did. Thank you.

That's right. Great job, thank you.

That's very nice. That's very nice. Thank you very much.

Great job, Bob. Really great job. And you had a lot FBI guys down here, quickly. So great job. Thank you very much.

Marco. We know Marco.

Well, you're behind them. I can tell you that, Marco. I spent a lot of time with Marco. He's behind you, 100 percent, as is the Governor, as is Pam, as we all are. Really, as we all are. You have a great story to tell. Go ahead.

That was so modest. I would have told it much differently.  I would have said, "Without me

And you said -- it must have been sort of strange because you were so far away. You said, "I think that maybe is the shooter."" And very few people would have done what you did. I think it was a fantastic job"

So now I've told the real story.  First Lady, would you like to say anything?

Very nice. Thank you.

Thank you. He's a good boy.  Congratulations. Let's sit down, and thank you all very much.