Well, thank you very much. I just wanted to start by saying I spoke with Speaker Ryan just a few moments ago, and they're doing pretty good. The train accident was a tough one -- a tremendous jolt. And they're proceeding to their conference.

We don't have a full understanding yet as to what happened, but it was a train hitting a truck going at a pretty good speed. And we'll have a full report as to what it looks like. The driver of the truck was killed, and it's very sad to see that.

But they're going on to the conference, and I'll be going to West Virginia -- great state. I'll be going there -- I'll be going tomorrow, and we'll be together. But it was a pretty rough hit. That's what they all tell me. Spoke to a few of the folks, and they say it was tough.

Joining me today are some really great Americans. And I've been talking about reaping the rewards of the big tax cut bill, and reform -- but the big tax cut bill. And these are people who have -- they've worked hard. They have businesses. In some cases, they're making tremendous percentage amounts more than they were going to before the plan. And we thought we'd bring some of them up just to say, in front of the media and in front of the press, to say a few words.

We have Sue Wagner. Thank you, Sue. Sue Wagner is ith Bank of Colorado -- Fort Collins, Colorado. Great place. Thousand-dollar bonuses awarded to all full-time employees. That's great. That was nice, right?

It was a gift, all of a sudden.

But it was a gift for somebody that works very hard. William Harmon. And, William? William?

Oh, okay. Total System Services, Muscogee County, Georgia. Thousand-dollar bonuses awarded to 11,500 employees. So you have a lot of happy friends, right?

That's great, William. John Anfinson. John. Hi, John. Anfinson Farm Store -- Cushing, Iowa. That's good stuff, right? The great state of Iowa. Thank you very much, John. Thousand-dollar bonuses and 5 percent pay raises awarded for the employees. That's great. Five-percent raises, in addition. All things that would have never happened without the -- or it certainly wouldn't have happened for a long time, without the tax cut.

Michael Porter, Aflac, increases -- Columbus, Georgia. 401(k) match from 50 percent to 100 percent on the first 4 percent of compensation. That's pretty good, right? Plus one-time 500  contribution to every employee's 401(k). And they've got a lot of employees. It's a great company. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

China Edwards. China, hi. Bank Midwest -- Independence, Missouri. $500 bonus for full-time employees; $250 bonus for part-time employees. That's a lot of people. It's a great place. It's a great state. Thank you very much. It really is, isn't it?

Patrick Sobers. Patrick. Hi, Patrick. National Bank Holdings Corporation -- Denver, Colorado. $1,000 bonuses for employees making less than $50,000. And that's a big group, and there were a lot of happy people, right?

And Jessica Melendez. Hi, Jessica. Jergens, Inc. -- Cleveland, Ohio. Jessica will announce $1,000 bonuses to employees. That's great. Thank you very much.

We have some companies that have announced $3,000 bonuses, and, in some cases, even more. Some have given raises to the minimum wage up to $12, $13, $14, and even $15. We also have massive investments coming in, like Apple -- $350 billion.

Yesterday, we had ExxonMobil announce that they're investing $50 billion in our country. So we have a lot of things happening, and perhaps we'll start with you. Go ahead, tell them.

That's fantastic. Good. Well, enjoy it. Enjoy the vacation.

Thank you very much. Sue.

That's true. That's true.

Good. Congratulations.

Thank you very much, Sue. And, you know, we didn't know this was going to happen so much. Nobody thought in terms of the corporations doing what they've done by the hundreds. And millions and millions of people are covered, and, frankly, we thought February 1st was going to be the big date when you're also going to have more money in your paycheck. So that will be something special, and that's coming up very soon. Yes.

Oh, good.

Good. Well, your chairman I know very well, and he's done a fantastic job. And they actually, a long time ago, hired my wife to do a big commercial. You know that, right? An Aflac commercial. And I think it was a successful commercial, too. So thank you. Say hello to him.

Good. China?

So it is a great company.

That's great. And a really great state.

All right. Thank you. Thanks, China. Yes.

Wow.

That's fantastic. Good. Well, say hello to everybody. Fantastic. Go ahead.

Thank you.

Well, I think expensing will be one of the biggest impacts from the plan. People have one-year expensing, which is unheard of. We've never had that before in this country. And a lot of people don't talk about it, and yet I think it's going to be, maybe, most impactful of anything -- including bringing, perhaps, $4 trillion back.

Like Apple is bringing approximately $245 billion back. They're paying approximately a $38 billion tax, and they're going to invest that money in this country, up to $350 billion.

But I think expensing is the unsung phrase within our bill. That's going to be fantastic. People are going to really go out and do something. And I'm seeing it already. So thank you. I'm glad you brought that up, actually. Thank you very much.

Yes, sir.

Wow. That's great.

Absolutely.

One-year expensing, right?

That's pretty good.

It is not crumbs. That I can tell you.

Well, you folks are terrific. We're going to take some pictures. And thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.