Hello, everybody. Thank you very much for being here. I think we'll start with Secretary Pompeo saying a prayer. Mike.

Thank you. Thank you for doing a great job too.

Well, I want to begin today by expressing my condolences to the family of a person I knew well -- she worked for me on numerous occasions; she was terrific -- Aretha Franklin, on her passing. She's brought joy to millions of lives, and her extraordinary legacy will thrive and inspire many generations to come.

She was given a great gift from God: her voice. And she used it well. People loved Aretha. She was a special woman. So I just want to pass on my warmest, best wishes and sympathies to her family.

We meet at a time of great opportunity for our nation. Our economy is doing better than it ever has before. It was going in the wrong direction when we came onboard, and now it's going better than ever before.

We've created nearly 4 million new jobs since the election, which is an unthinkable number. Nobody would have said that was possible. It's going to go up very substantially from there.

The African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment rates have all reached their lowest levels in recorded history. And we're creating manufacturing jobs at the fastest pace in memory. Nobody has any numbers where it's anywhere close to what we're doing.

And if you remember, during the campaign, everybody said that it was impossible to create manufacturing jobs.

The past administration -- and I won't say who, but I think you know -- made the statement that we're not going to have any manufacturing jobs. And we're doing them by the hundreds of thousands.

Companies are moving back into the United States. That means jobs; it means production; it means taxes. And, really, things are great.

Yesterday, Larry Kudlow, a man I respected for many years -- that voice, that beautiful voice; I've heard it so many years, talking about financial -- and he came into my office and he made a statement that was something that was very beautiful, and I'd like to maybe ask him to say a little bit about what he told me last night. Larry?

Thank you, Larry, very much. Larry, I should end on that. This is always a mistake.  Could I ask you one question? China. As you know, China was, for many years -- as long as anybody up here, including the media, could remember -- China was on a one-way road to becoming the biggest economy and all of that. And we were just going to be left behind.

I'd like you to say how are we doing versus China, and how is China doing. We want them to do well, frankly. And President Xi is a friend of mine. I want them to do well. But how are we doing versus China? How is China doing?

Okay, thank you. Thank you very much, Larry.

I'd like to ask Ryan Zinke, Secretary, who actually I watched this morning. He was giving a rundown on the horrible fires that are taking place mostly in California. And I thought what he said was so true and, actually, rather incredible -- people don't hear it -- they don't hear it like it is. There are things you can do about those fires before they start, and you wouldn't have nearly the damage and the problems.

We're spending a fortune in California because of poor maintenance and because, frankly, they're sending a lot of water out to the Pacific to protect the smelt. And, by the way, it's not working. The smelt is not doing well. But we're sending millions and millions of gallons, right out into the Pacific Ocean, of beautiful, clean water coming up from the north -- or coming down from the north.

And I thought Ryan was great this morning. So before we start on a couple of other things we'll be discussing today, including, very importantly, schools and education, I would ask you to give maybe a little recap of what you said this morning on television.

And, Ryan, you're saying it's not a global warming thing, it's a management situation. And one of the elements that he talked about was the fact we have fallen trees. And instead of removing those fallen trees -- which get to be extremely combustible -- instead of removing them -- gently removing them, beautifully removing them -- we leave them to burn and, actually, in many cases, catch fire much easier than a healthy tree, a healthy-growing tree. Could you just discuss that for a second?

And just to add, just to conclude, especially when Canada is charging us a lot of money to bring their timber down into our country. It's so ridiculous. Here we have it. We're not even talking about cutting down trees, which in certain areas we can do. We're talking about lying on the floor, creating a tremendous hazard and a tremendous fire hazard and death trap. So I thought they were great points. Thank you very much, Ryan. Appreciate it.

We're also working to reduce violent crime and to help our great law enforcement, including the very brave men and women of ICE, who have been absolutely abused. They are tremendous people. They're brave. They're strong. They're tough. And they're good. They're good people.

And you think you're going to send just regular people in to take care of MS-13 and these gangs? Not going to happen.

So I just want to thank ICE and everybody in law enforcement for the incredible job they've done and are doing.

Our families prepare, and they are in the process of preparing for the new school year. My administration is working closely with state and local authorities to protect our schools and to protect our children. Our hearts continue to grieve for the victims of the horrific shootings at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida that we all know too well about what they went through. Incredible people. And Santa Fe High School in Texas -- same thing.

In March, I established the Federal Commission on School Safety to address the tragedy of violence in our classrooms. Since that time, the commission has held nearly a dozen public meetings and listening sessions with educators, administrators, law enforcement, state and local leaders, survivors, and families generally.

We've signed two critical forms and -- reforms into law. One is STOP School Violence Act. It's a very important thing. People said we probably wouldn't be able to get it through. We got it through. It provides grants to schools to improve safety. And the Fix NICS Act, which strengthens background checks for firearms purchases. It very much strengthens. A lot of people didn't want to report on that because probably it was too good to report about it. It's very important thing. It strengthens that background checks for firearm purchases.

Today, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and others, and various commission leaders, will provide an update on their work. We're going to have a lot of people in this room involved, even people that aren't involved that much with education. But they're very smart people sitting around this wonderful desk, or table.

Secretary Azar, Nielsen, and Sessions -- a lot of other people are being -- joining. A lot of people have asked me if they could join. Ben -- Ben Carson is one. A lot of people have asked me if they could join. They consider the schools to be so important in education, and now so important in safety.

We want to harden our schools against attack --improving communications between law enforcement, school officials, mental health professionals, and counselors; training school personnel so they better protect our students, including allowing qualified personnel to be armed.

As you know, in Florida, they went in with a bill that didn't have that, and they came out with a bill where the legislature wanted it. So that's up to the community, not up to the federal government. That's up to the community.

Improving our early warning system to make sure schools, families, and law enforcement can identify red flags and respond quickly. We want a very rapid response. Some of the response has been incredible, and some of the response has not been good, obviously. You saw that very well. And, frankly, you reported it very well.

We want to strengthen our mental health laws and procedures. So important. I think it's probably the most underrated element of what we're doing, but it might be -- it might be the most important. Mental health -- the laws and procedures.

Keeping guns -- we want to keep them out of the hands of those who pose a threat to themselves and to, more importantly, frankly, others. And we want to foster a culture that celebrates life, and forms real and meaningful human connection so that we can see not only in terms of education, but we can see if something is going wrong with somebody, we can do something about it.

In Florida, there were a lot of red flags. I guess they said there were 28 to 38 red flags, where everybody knew this was a sick person. And nobody did anything about it. And that's what you end up with.

So I look forward to today's discussion. And we will make our schools not only very safe -- I think they're already safe -- but we're going to have the finest school system anywhere. So I want to thank you. Thank you all for being here.

Betsy, maybe we could start with you. And we'll go over your little section, and then we'll hear from Secretary Azar, Attorney General Sessions, and a couple of others.

If you'd like, you could stay. Or if you'd like, you can also leave.  Don't forget: freedom of the press.  Go ahead.

Thank you, Betsy.

Well, thank you very much, and I appreciate it. But I do want you to bring up something that you and I have been working on very hard, and that's prescription drug prices.

So, as everybody knows, Pfizer, last week, raised substantially the price of their drugs, and I wasn't happy about it -- Novartis, also, and others. And we made some phone calls, and they brought it back down to what the price was. And I think you're going to see a reduction in drug price. And that's the first time that's ever happened, I believe, ever. But I was not happy about it, and it wasn't great. And we're working on very much getting rid of the middleman.

Now, could you talk about how we're reducing drug prices, and how it's starting to really take effect? And maybe talk about the fact that we appreciate very much what Pfizer and Novartis and the others did. We really do; we really appreciate it.

Thank you very much. And as you know, the pharmaceutical industry is said, for many years, to have the most powerful lobby. The good news is, I don't need their money. So we're doing the right thing.

And, frankly, I think the drug companies, actually, in the long run -- I really believe this, Secretary -- I think they're going to benefit also. But the middleman is not going to be benefitting. Somebody and -- some very rich people out there that do nothing, make a lot of money. Very rich people. I don't know who they are; I don't want to know who they are. But they don't like me too much right now, I would say. Wouldn't you say?

So, congratulations. Thank you very much. This is -- in terms of prescription drugs and drugs, nothing like this has ever happened before in our country. And I will say that the Democrats heard about it. They're very happy about it, or so they tell me. I'm sure they won't tell you, but they can't believe what's happening.

So -- because they want to see that too. They want to see drug prices come down. And nobody has ever seen where they raise the prices 10 percent, and the following day they announce that they were just kidding. But that's what happened. So thank you very much, Secretary. Fantastic job. You're doing a fantastic job. Jeff.

Good. Thank you very much. I'd also like to ask you to bring a major lawsuit against the drug companies on opioids. Some states have done it, but I'd like a lawsuit to be brought against these companies that are really sending opioids at a level that it shouldn't be happening. It's so highly addictive. People go into a hospital with a broken arm; they come out, they're a drug addict. They get the arm fixed, but they're now a drug addict.

And I'd like us to look at some of the litigation that's already been started with companies. Rather than just joining them, I'd like to bring a federal lawsuit against those companies.

I'd also like to have you take a look at the fentanyl that's coming out of China and Mexico. And whatever you can do from a legal standpoint -- whether it's litigation, lawsuits, for people and companies. But, in China, you have some pretty big companies sending that garbage and killing our people. It's almost a form of warfare. And I'd like to do whatever you can do legally to stop it from China and from Mexico. And if you could look into that, I'd appreciate it.

Yep. I have.

Good. Good. I'd be very, very firm on that, because what's happening with drugs in this country -- and throughout the world, but, in our country, it's a disgrace, and we can stop it. We can certainly make a big dent. Thank you very much.

Right. Thank you very much. Secretary Nielsen.

Could you say something that, despite the horrible immigration laws that we have to live with -- with catch-and-release and all of the horror show -- it's a horror show. It's a disgrace, frankly. We'll get it changed.

But having a lot of problem with the other party. They don't want to change for, I guess, political reasons; it can't be common sense. Could you say how we're doing in terms of -- we're breaking records at the border -- law enforcement records. Could you maybe just give a little update on that?

Despite the horrible laws, we're doing very well. Please.

We're setting records at the border with terrible laws. So if we had the right laws, we could really be doing something special. And there are consequences. When people come up -- and I'll say it -- when people come up, it's very tough. It's very tough for them. And it's very sad. But we can't handle it. The country can't handle it. You know, we're one country; we cannot handle what's happening. And nobody could. And we don't want to have to be able to handle it, frankly. It's not fair. It's not fair to our taxpayers, to our workers.

And so we are very, very tough at the border. We're setting records despite horrible, horrible immigration laws that the Democrats do not want to fix, and I think that's going to hurt them very badly at the polls come November. That's my opinion. So I want to thank you very much.

I'd like to ask, Mike, if you could talk a little bit about North Korea -- where we are with North Korea.

And the relationship seems very good. I think it's probably hurt a little bit by China because China isn't really happy with what I'm doing on trade, but we have no other choice as a country. And they understand that. So I think we're probably being hurt a little bit with respect to North Korea, having to do with China. But really, we have no choice on that. We had to do something.

It was -- the money that was being drained out of our country and going to China. We rebuilt China. We rebuilt. Five-hundred billion dollars a year, for years and years and years. And we had to do something about that. They understand that.

In fact, I think they're in a state of shock that they've been able to get away with it for so long -- so many decades. So we just have to do something, and we did it.

Could I ask Secretary Mnuchin -- Turkey, they have not proven to be a good friend. They have a great Christian pastor there. He's a very innocent man. I'd like to know -- unrelated to the pastor -- I just think it's a terrible thing that they're holding him. We got somebody out for him. He needed help getting somebody out of someplace; they came out. They want to hold our wonderful pastor. Not fair. Not right.

But unrelated to that, how are you doing with sanctions on Turkey? And as you know, we doubled up the tariffs on steel and aluminum. Aluminum will happen very shortly. How are you doing with sanctions? Please.

Great.

Great. Good. Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much.

Secretary Wilkie, so we got Choice passed for our vets so our vets don't have to wait on line for six weeks and end up with a simple condition that's terminal because they can't get to a doctor. I'm very proud of Choice, and we're talking a lot of the things we've done for the vets.

But could you give us a little -- how are you doing with Choice? You've had it now for a couple of months. How is that moving along?

Of vets unemployed. That's great. That's great.

Thank you very much.

I hear you're doing great. And congratulations.

Just got through. Just got passed. So congratulations. You are going to be there for a long time, and you're going to do a fantastic job.

It's the first time a Secretary has really had a chance to do a fantastic job. Because without Choice, I think it would have been impossible. So we have Choice now, and our vets are taken care of. And just make sure they go see the right doctor. Right? When they need it. Sometimes they won't need it because you have plenty of great doctors at the VA.

If I could ask Secretary Acosta a little bit about your association healthcare plan, which has been now completed. It's in service. How are you doing with it?

That's fantastic. I appreciate that. And also, Secretary Acosta, you're moving very nicely on your healthcare plans too.

And one of the big things is the individual mandate is gone. We got rid of that. That was from Obamacare. That was, by far, the most unpopular thing in Obamacare. We actually got rid of Obamacare, except for one vote. But we essentially have -- so we're doing it piecemeal, and it's going to be gone pretty soon.

So, a fantastic job. I heard great things about the healthcare plan. And a lot of people are signing up; a lot of associations are signing up -- far ahead of what we even projected. So that's good.

And maybe I could just -- I'll finish off with Secretary Perdue. The farmers -- we love the farmers. And, you know, our farmers are brave and they're great patriots. And, as you know, China sort of attacked our farmers by trying not to buy from our farmers. They know the farmers like Trump, and I like them. I love them.

And they are, I hear -- despite everything -- they're starting to do well. They got out there -- like they are. They're incredible patriots but they're incredible entrepreneurs. And they're selling the coin -- the corn, and they're selling the soybean, and they're selling everything at levels that are soon going to be pretty good levels.

And, you know, our farmers have been hurt for 15 and 20 years. They've been -- a lot of bad things were happening. And I talk about soybeans, where, prior to my election -- if you go five years back, soybean prices were cut by 50 percent. So this was happening long before us. And markets are closed. Canada charges us for dairy products, 275 percent -- tariffs of 275 percent -- which makes it ridiculous and impossible. But we're taking care of that situation pretty easily. But I'd like to just ask, how are the farmers doing? I'm hearing it's starting to really pick up.

Well, the word "abuse" is a good word because this country was abused by other countries, both friend and foe. You know, our allies, frankly, did better than many of our enemies when it came to trade. It was -- terrible thing happened for many years. And we're changing that around.

In fact, what I will do is I will speak to one more because I'd like to have Bob Lighthizer just give us a little update, quickly, on where we are with NAFTA and the various trade deals. I can say this: We're doing very well. I'm in no rush. We want to make the right deal. NAFTA has been a disaster for our country. Mexico and Canada were -- if you think about making, or if you think about deficits -- we had a deficit of $135 billion a year on NAFTA.

You look at New England; you look at different places where factories are still empty, they still haven't recovered. But no companies are moving back.

So we're going either going to do a good NAFTA -- a fair NAFTA for us -- or we're not doing NAFTA at all. Where are we, Bob?

And, by the way, Bob, if we don't, that's okay. That's okay. If you don't have breakthrough, as you call it, don't do the deal -- because it's a lousy situation for the United States. We have much better alternatives than that. You understand.

So if you can't make the right deal, don't make it. All right?

I only tell him that every day.

Okay.

And I think I can say that we're talking to China. They very much want to talk. They are just not able to give us a deal that's acceptable. So we're not going to do any deal until we get one that's fair to our country.

EU, we're doing very well. They didn't want us to put tariffs on their cars, and they therefore decided that -- they were extremely happy with the deal they had. In fact, they told me, "Oh, we'd rather not negotiate. We're very, very happy with the deal we have." Well, they made $151 billion last year; they should be happy. But I said, "But I'm not happy."

And so we were ready to do tariffs on their cars but they came -- they saw us a week ago, as you know; most of you were here. And I think we're doing well, Bob, with respect to the EU. We're negotiating something that hopefully will be fair to them and to us, and to everybody. A big difference from what it is now. Right now, it's impossible. They have barriers where we can't get anything through.

As far as Mexico and Canada -- Mexico, Bob told you about -- we're not negotiating with Canada right now. Their tariffs are too high. Their barriers are too strong. So we're not even talking to them right now. But we'll see how that works out. It will only work out to our favor. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.