First of all, Henry, thank you. And you're doing a fantastic job. Everybody. Everybody -- the job that you're doing, the coordination.

We just left North Carolina. They got hit really, really hard, and they are working. And all of that water is coming your way. A lot of people don't know that. They assume, and you look outside and you see this beautiful weather, but over the next couple of days, it's going to get rough in South Carolina.

So the federal government is behind you. We have Lindsey Graham here. We have Tim. Where's Tim and Lindsey? Tim Scott. They have really -- they're with us all the way. They're with us all the way. And whatever we need from Washington, we are there.

Our team -- I don't think there's ever been a team like this. From everybody -- virtually everybody said it -- what we're doing on a federal basis, what you're doing on a local basis, and the coordination has been absolutely incredible.

So I know you have a rough few days. It will last a long time. It could last a long time. But you're going to have a rebuilding process, and we are behind you from day one. From three days ago, and now it looks nice, but it's really the calm before the storm. Because you're going to have a lot of water.

We see it; it's coming down. It just comes down. Nobody would believe a thing like this could happen. And already you've broken all records, and this is going to add four, five, six feet of water all over the state.

So Washington is with you. Trump is with you. We are all with you 100 percent. And we'll get through it. And I think the most exciting part is going to be that rebuild, because you're going to have a lot of rebuilding. I flew over, and there's a lot of damage. And you haven't really been hit yet by comparison to what's coming.

So I love South Carolina. I love this state. I'm very proud of Henry McMaster and the job he's done as your governor. And I can tell you that Tim, and Lindsey, and myself, and Thom -- the great congressman -- we're all in there fighting. And it's going to work out very well.

This room -- the job you do is great. And we really want to thank you. This is real emergency stuff at the highest level. And we want to thank you. So anything I can do, you all know where to call me.  And we will be there for South Carolina.  We're going to be there for this disaster. Thank you all.

I'd like to introduce a man who has truly been working overtime and he has been prepared for this for actually a long time. But over the last four or five days, there's nobody that's worked harder than General Livingston. And I just want to thank you. And, General, maybe you could say a few words?

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you very much.  Good luck, everybody. We're with you all the way, 100 percent. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.