OK, thank you. Please, they're good genes. The Jack Nicklaus genes over there.

So, Jackie is your father?

So, he made -- I don't know if you've ever heard this before. He made the best speech -- one of the best speeches I've ever in the , right?

Right, the Congressional, whatever it is.

The Freedom medal.

The Freedom medal which is a big deal and your father made one of the best speeches I've ever seen.

And that's pretty good. I've seen a lot of speeches.

And then, I said are you a professional speaker? He said, no. I said then, maybe you should be.

OK. So, what is it? Your cousin or whatever had the whole in one the other day?

That was something. His way looks good. How good a golfer is he?

He's way looked --

Yeah. He has the gene, I guess, right?

Why? Are you not that good of a golfer?

What did you get down? What was your lowest handicap?

Yeah. See, a three would be a bad player.

What's that?

Yeah. No, it's a great family. Say hello to all.

A special guy.

Special people. Thank you all very much. Great to be with you. You see what's happening. We're doing really well. I don't know why, I get nothing but bad publicity in the polls. But they are there at the highest level they've ever been since we've -- since we've been in office, and quite a bit higher than election day, which was pretty amazing. That was an amazing day, right?

I talked to your grandfather and I said, you know, what you did -- he said it was incredible. I said what you did was more incredible. You won 18 majors. He said no it's not. I said yes it is. I still say it's harder and more improbable to win 18 majors. It says Tiger, right?

It's looking like it's going to be a tough one. But we're doing better than ever before and we're accomplishing a lot. The North Korea thing is moving along really well. We have a site now. You know, we picked a site. We announced pretty soon and a location plus a date, and he really wants to do something good. Part of the reason he wants to do two things. I mean, maybe the rhetoric and maybe we put sanctions like you wouldn't believe. The team is heading over to China today, tonight to work on the whole trade craziness because, you know, they've been averaging $500 billion a year.

Brutal, you know, they're tough, but I always say, when you're $500 billion down you can't lose the trade war. You can't lose.

It's like somebody said today. But why -- you know because I'm doing a very aggressive thing, and then, thisis all sort of like off the record, right?

But they said why would you be doing that with China? Bah, bah, bah --  you could do much -- I said yeah, but much less as you get your -- this is like you're on a baseball team and it's the first inning and the other team scores 32 runs. What do you have to lose? What, when you start a new game the next day? 32 runs in the first inning because that's basically what it is. We're $500 billion down with China. We're $800 billion down throughout the world, $800 billion --

A year.

So, we're losing $800 billion a year. And then, you have the globalists that think that's OK but they're wrong. You know they think it's fine when a factory or a plant moves to Mexico and opens it up, and you lose 3,000 jobs in Michigan. It's not -- it's you know people, smart people they really believe in it, but you know, then you have other smart people that don't believe it and I'm one them.

Well, tell me and I hear steel is doing better now.

So, we put very substantial tariffs on steel. We're putting -- we're doing pretty big numbers of stopping some of it from coming in. I don't want to stop too much because I don't want to run out of steel because the economy's doing really well. So, are you finding it's better now that -- because of what I'm doning?

Right.

Yeah, they do.

Could you believe it?

Were doing a big number for that. Can you believe this?

So, they do the transshipping, right?

So, they're transshipping what steel? China's steel?

Yeah, and South Korea.

You know --

How did we ever got involved in South Korea in the first place, you know? Tell me about it. How we ended up in the Korean war. We're fighting in the Korean war to keep these two places from --

I mean, other than that, they're one of the toughest traders we do business with. They're probably tougher than China. They're just smaller. So, the numbers as well. We have a $32 billion deficit with South Korea.

And then they say, well, you know, people -- I asked the General. So, why do you think we're doing this? Sir, it's for trade. I said, well, listen $500 billion in that area. So, we're doing it for trade but we're losing $500 billion including China. We're losing $32 billion with South Korea. So, it's -- it's crazy. But you know it is what it is and it's coming out good, and a lot of good things are happening. And the trade deals are being renegotiated including the deal with South Korea.

What do you make of the quota deal?

We lowered it by 30%.

If you don't want to be at a point -- and one thing I know. I don't want to be at a point where we don't have enough steel in this country. All of a sudden steel triples. And that's --

Right.

Did you know what we're doing with South Korea, 30%?

30% back.

Don't forget. You know when I do the tariffs and nobody talks about it. They talk about jobs and talk about steel. Now, steel's been doing much better, and like if your steel's opening up like for plants now, which is unthinkable. They haven't done it in 30 years. Don't forget that the country has taken in billions of dollars. You know nobody talks about that. When you charge 25% and 15% or 10% for aluminum, and all that stuff is pouring in, and you're charging a 25% tax on the steel that's coming in. We're taking it as a country, billions of dollars, nobody talks about that. They talk about jobs and they talk about steel plants. But to me the big thing, I mean, we're taking in billions and billions of dollars for doing nothing. We're also negotiating deals that we could have never negotiated because countries are now coming to us begging to negotiate deals that have been screwing us for years. They screw us so badly it's hard to believe. And now they're coming, we'd like to talk like the European Union.

It's a beauty. And so, we will make with anybody, we lose with everybody.

We're about two countries, one sells us lemons, Argentina. We made about $3.00 with Argentina. We have actually a deficit of -- trade deficit $800 billion, think of it, $800 billion included.

Well, the WTO is the problem.

Without the WTO China is --

That's right. They go to a different location.

They got all sorts of ways. Plus it ends, it ends.

If it was more expensive.

Well, we're going to -- you're going to see prices go up. You're going to see, hopefully, not too much. See, I have a theory that if we didn't put quotas on, China subsidizes their steel, and they have to. If we didn't see quotas, the steel wouldn't even go up.

Because they'll put more money into it even with the 25% tariffs.

It's still not going to go up because they'll just put more money into it and we take in a lot of money. You know we make a fortune on it. So, we'll see. Aluminum has gone down. I put a 10% tax on aluminum coming in. It's actually gone down 4%. Now it's about even, but it actually started going down for us. So, it's been -- it's been pretty well. We're going to have -- I think we're going to have some very good times. But we have some very big trade deals to worry about. That China, you know, when they hear what we're proposing --

They're not going to be too happy.

Well, the WTO -- Against

Yeah, well, the WTO is worse than them.

WTO started in their pocket. Well, the people that made the deal with the WTO were not smart people. They made a deal with the WTO where we lose every lawsuit until the last year. In the last year, we've won every lawsuit because they all think I'm going to pull our country out. You know we're like the punching bag. We're like the dummies that get punched in the face all day long and come back for more. And -- but they now know that I'm like -- I get the WTO. China didn't become great until the WTO. From the day they joined the WTO, which was a Clinton disaster, they went up like a rocket ship. They were this way for a thousand years, and then, they got into the WTO and they've taken over. Hey, look, I give him credit.

Yeah. But I give them credit. So --

I --

Our former leaders are great geniuses that allowed it to happen.

Bush, Bush, he gets us into the war. He gets us into the Middle East. That was a beauty. The Middle East -- so we're into the Middle East right now for $7 trillion.

And if you want to fix a window on a school they don't have the money. You know, it's like we're into the Middle East as of this moment for $7 trillion that's over 18 years.

Yeah, well --

Well, that's the beauty of it. China rips us off --

China rips us off for years and we owe them $2 trillion.

$2 trillion worth of our

Yeah. Well, eventually, that's what --

So, the WTO allowed China to do what they've done. The WTO was a weapon to hurt the United States to allow people to enrich themselves and European Union is the same thing. The European Union is a group of countries that got together to screw the United States.

And frankly, they're probably worse than China in a sense just smaller, and worse than China in the sense of barriers. We lose $151 billion with them.

No, but the European Union were big. You know it doesn't sound like it. You know, the European Union were all sort of from there, right? But it's -- the European Union's brutal. But we're changing that rapidly, too. They have -- they can't even believe it. So, we're having fun. You know it's good is what I believe.

Well, but you know people that work for them either just show -- they want to make these deals that are just nothing. Just you know, they're just -- not only me, you know, Congress where they come, please don't go after NAFTA too hard. I said I'd like to terminate it, you know.

Oh my God, they look petrified because they know what they have. You know like the farmers who are great, actually. But the farmers know what they have. And they've been on a downward trend for 15 years. So, you know you guys are at a downward trend. You can be at an upward trend, but to do that you have to shake it up, meaning you terminate a couple of deals like NAFTA. NAFTA's the worst deal we ever made. I think the WTO is actually the worst. I think the World Trade Organization maybe is worse because it allowed China to kill us. But we don't have any good ones. Hillary Clinton made a deal with the South Koreans. You know that was the South Korea. You know that deal that was a Hillary special. We're going to make 250,000 jobs and she was right for South Korea.

She said this is going to create 250,000 -- 250,000 jobs and she was right.

How's your golf club over there?

Have you seen it? Have you seen it?

Is that where they had the -- what?

How do you like the President's Cup?

So, the President's Cup has never beat the Ryder's Cup.

And you'd think the concept is better. The Ryder Cup is the most unbelievable sporting event. The President's Cup is good but it's never been the same, and you would think the concept is better.

Do you know what doesn't make sense? So, we're playing Britain or whatever U.K. and that competition is tougher than when we play the world. Figure that one out, right?

No, but isn't that right?

I've won every President's Cup but the Ryder Cup is tough to win. The Ryder Cup is only like in the U.K. But the spirit at the Ryder Cup is really a unique experience and the President's Cup so far has never captured it.

Don't we have a women's serve into the big one?

How is it doing? How's business over there, good?

I wrote you a letter of recommendation, right?

Well, no, that letter is fine. I mean, I know they have the letter because the President told me he got the letter. So, they must be treating you pretty good. But --

It must be tough -- it must be tough dealing with these people.

Right.

Go ahead.

We're very far down the line but I --

You know that Kim Jong-un is a great golfer. You know that, right?

He at least looked like a beginner. Did you ever hear that? He shot an 18, you know.

This is one weird deal.

Well, you know the funny thing was that the -- thank you, fellas. How's good -- business is good? Look at this. Business is good, right? Look, see that? They don't want . No, it's -- he said today that Trump should get the -- President Trump should get the Nobel Prize. I said it's a little early. Of course, Obama got it and never did anything, right?

He got it for winning the election.

Right.

Well, good.

Is that the square tubing?

Are you doing a shiny finish or are we doing a rust --

I can't believe how they can plant that thing.

That's great. Are you doing that with the Army Corps of Engineers?

Well, it's going up.

Do you see what's going on on the border there? Can you believe it?

When you take a look at them. We have thousands of people and if you really look, take the wall down, they're just walking in. You can see it.

Now a few people can get up. It's amazing that they can shimmy up that steel though. Now, that's old stuff that's rough on the outside and rusting and it's taking a long time.

They do have to be able to see through the wall I think. Did you see them? If you can't see through wall that's a problem because you won't know what's on the other side.

So, I really want a concrete wall, 30-feet high, pretty slick outside. But yesterday, you know, they actually said that these drug dealers, it's so dangerous they have to have a solid wall. Because they take the drugs and it weighs 100 pounds approximately, in their bags and their satchel. They call it a satchel. And they throw it over -- they throw it out over the wall and it goes over the wall, and it will land on a guy's head and he goes, walks away.

Yeah. No, our border guys will be walking and they throw it from once -- some of it you can't see through the wall. They throw the drugs -- they have a catapult. They throw it over the wall and it lands on the other side of the wall, and it can hit people. Can you imagine you get hit with 100 pounds of ?

They usually have the deals on the other side waiting.

But when they see the border guys they -- so they head out. The whole thing is preposterous but I would have loved to have seen a concrete wall. You just get --

Oh, it slows them down. But we actually have the new one is like that but now it's stronger.

It's got the thing. It's got nothing in between, it's held in the ground like flagpoles and it's got very strong points at the top. That would be much tougher.

It's like pointed, yeah, wall.

And how sharp is that on top?

That's pretty cool.

It's very hard to shimmy over that side.

it's a nice one. Huh?

Yeah. You have these sauce.

Well, I know. It's -- as you know, most times you don't. But I think the economy is so good -- that's good. That's fine. I think the economy is so good that we're going to do much better than people. We have -- you know I guess it's complacency. Something happens when you win the Presidency, and then, you go on and win the Presidency three years after that. History -- it's almost like 100%. It's a lot and there's nothing 100%. I think 93% of the time they lose the midterms. But I think that you know, look, we have to see what the economy is in a few months.

I think so, right?

You know the stock market's up 40% since I won. Actually, the economy is actually better than that.

This whole caravan as a positive thing because it's showing people how crazy it is.

Yeah. They have  area.

But they won the race in Arizona three nights ago. Of course, we're getting no credit for that because I won it by 22, so, he won it by six.

I would have taken the -- two votes is OK, as far as I'm concerned. But you know the headliners are there was much more -- and you know, we won six of them and nobody talks about it. We won six special races. I think we lost one, you know, one isn't so bad.

No that was different.

So, that was the most exciting evening.

ESPN said that was the greatest sporting event in history.

It just didn't stop. It was so high. It was this one --

The press is now more crazy everyday.

Well, I think the press is more crazy now than they were then. They're going totally bananas.

I think we're going to do well. But you know, I don't want to say it too much but I think we're going to do better than people think.

They have low -- you know light -- I mean, this one woman, Maxine Waters.

I'd say she's very low IQ person and she's -- I was going to say bubbly but I say it.

It could be good if you think about it, right?

But she's really coming in.

How are your businesses going? How are they doing?

So why are the prices so high? There's so much oil and gas.

Is it OPEC?

Huh?

Well, I assume monopoly, of all things, right?

Yeah. Aren't the frackers out now because of the price that they're going crazy opening up new wells?

That's what I've heard.

But is the fracking starting then? Because as you know for a while the press wants to know that. Yep, yep, yep.

So, will that drive the first one?

Is it going to?

So, how big is West Texas compared -- I mean, comparing, like, West Texas to Saudi Arabia, OK? What's the difference?

60%, is that right?

I mean, what's the quality in West Texas?

So, what's the quality in Venezuela, very bad, right? It's very heavy?

Under the tax plan you can --

Just put it down.

When was that? When?

Well, how about Germany opening up a pipeline into Russia? And we're supposed to be fighting Russia.

So, Germany's paying Russia like $2 billion a month.

And they're a member of NATO.

I figured that --

It looks like 90% of the cost of NATO.

How's Ukraine doing? Don't ask.

Great. I tell you, they're great fighters.

I think they are. They're great fighters. They've been fighting for so long. They don't know what to do without fighting.

Well, they've been under there a long time.

I think there's a problem.

Today?

Let's say Russia ever goes in and gets Ukraine and --

Ukraine has oil?

Ukraine?

How come they don't have any money?

Why aren't the companies going in? Too risky?

How long were they last in a fight with Russia?

Without us.

How is Ukraine feeling about it, all right?

Yeah. But do they feel they're going to be OK?

What do you think about their leader?

He always has to support everybody.

And I wonder why isn't Germany supporting?

Why aren't they -- huh?

Do you think so?

It just makes this --

Who? The Ambassador of Ukraine?

What's your --

Get rid of her. Get her out tomorrow. I don't care. Get her out tomorrow. Take her out, OK?

is going to be good. He's doing a good job. Already he's doing a good job. Now we're going to go on pretty good. We got a lot of interesting things.

Really.

No, it's a deep State deal. I -- It's going good. If you see the other side.

Yeah. And the stuff that they have is so bad about the other side that they're trying to keep it.

It's now coming out.

Yeah. I have to wait. I'm waiting for the right time.

But it's such -- it's such bad stuff like Kobe is guilty already.

I can get some changes in the story.

But they're not so happy.

I can't have different from other people. Who wants the steak? Who wants the steak?

I noticed they brought me a shrimp cocktail and I'm looking who else has one.

And downstairs --

What?

Yeah. Well, cannabis. Look, we're talking marijuana, right?

Why you can't do banking there?

Yeah. It will be, it's all working out.

I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.

Do you think the whole marijuana thing is a good thing?

I think in Colorado there were more accidents. It does cause an IQ problem.

It's actually good for opioids.

Much more damage.

How far are you doing now with very rich guy?

Did he get to win or is it --

How are you doing?

Great. Now what are you doing?

Oh, good.

So, you're involved in  Ukraine?

How did you guys do it? How did you do it?

Where?

So, how's that going?

At the time it was the right thing to do.

So, are you just sort of sitting back? He was telling me he was just going to sit back and who cares. Or is he --

Yeah. At 78, five years is a lot of time. This is a lot of time.

The sad thing is just really -- I mean between him and your father, a great designer and they work. You don't want to waste five years.

At the end of five years you can do what you want to do.

Which he likes anyway.

But it's just a different -- it's an exhausting part you know because I know him -- I know the guy.

With -- these are your guys, huh?

Didn't he buy ?

Did he buy it?

What's that? Golf Magazine?

Howard Golf Magazine. Yeah, he bought it for $15 million. 10 years ago, you would have paid $300 million.

$15 million? Can you believe it?

Magazines are dead.

I think it's -- I think cable TV is OK, right? Is it? I'll say if we ever lost an election, cable TV is dead. Can you imagine if they had a normal candidate? I'm all they talk about. Trump's first, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump thing. It's all they talk about. Now, if they have a normal candidate, if they have Hillary, crooked Hillary --

Their ratings would be one-fifth.

That's why I tell everybody they're going to endorse me. About six months before the election they'd endorse me and then they'd unendorse me after that. No, they're bad, they're bad.

Obama would have been easier, second term.

Romney should have never lost it. Obama, Obama would have been much easier.

I think so. I think for years, I think Obama, second year, not first.

But I think Bernie, you know, because all those people that hated her so much all voted for me. You know I get 20% of Bernie vote. People don't realize that because of trade. He's a big trade guy. He basically says we're getting screwed on trade and his right. I'm worse than he is but we could do something about it. I don't know if he could have but had she picked Bernie Sanders, it would have been tougher. I'm the only one I didn't want her to pick. Now, then you say, people say, no, it would have been easier because then her sort of Establishment normal Democrat. So, she may have lost a lot of votes too.

Is Bernie going to be -- it is funny how he has not gone crazy, right?

Is she going to be running --

I think he might.

Yeah. Because he does a lot of tolerance. Usually when they do a lot of tolerance they race again. I like it because I've been --

Right.

That's good though, right?

Yeah. But we are going to lower that.

You know that. DiCaprio stated it.

Is that what business you're in, compressed?

Compressed?

How are electric cars doing now?

He's got to try.

Because they can't produce them.

How come the stock price is so high?

That's still very nice.

Is he any good?

So that's the third type of car now that you're talikng about.

It is?

Why is that?

Is that the aluminum one?

How did the aluminum -- I meant an aluminum truck.

Well, you like it. Is it strong enough though?

Does it dent easier?

Does it dent easier?

So, you have the aluminum body?

And did you request that?

Does that turn out to be a good investment for them or not?

Is it lighter?

Unless you're repairing aluminum stuff.

So, is that happening?

Why?

But people still like gasoline.

They really don't want the aluminum. I mean they don't want the electric.

So, is hybrid working?

That's interesting.

You like the 5.7 one?

Really?

Wait, you said it doesn't have the power and it doesn't run as well. Other than that it's wonderful.

Now what do you mean trucks? What do you do? Who do you say you are?

Oh, I see. All right. So, you know the difference, right? So, you have every kind? Is there anything like gasoline?

How is diesel comapared to regular gasoline?

Right. Big tractor, it's a semi. But why can't you?

But in mail trucks you -- so, you're using diesel?

And you've tried with the compressed gas?

And how do you find them?

But you said it's more expensive.

OK.

So, you're saying you don't have manufacturers that can make enough trucks?

Soon you won't need them.

So, they have a method that they shutdown a truck?

Even in the old truck you don't have that?

I never knew that. That's terrible.

So what happens to the drivers?

How's Amazon doing?

Is there any instance that it's going to work out?

Well, you pick it up. You deliver. How do you make money?

I think you guys are starting now role model and all this. I just --

No, they're ripping up the postcards.

40% of the business you do is with Amazon.

And then, they'll pay their fee.

They say it's 40%.

They actually said it was 40%. Do you mean they were sending -- maybe because you're using compressed gas.

How is the Postal service doing?

Really?

So you're saying -- why? why can't you put them with the cars?

How safe is autonomous?

It's an amazing set.

What is that mean?

Meaning?

Why 424?

What other numbers do you have?

Yeah. I don't think so. That's $1 billion building, I spent $150,000.

We took the building on. We just can't build the wall. Well, did you hear that? So, we're going to spend $1 billion on a -- on the  in Jerusalem, and that will pay for $100 million.

And David briefed me and he said we take the existing buidling that we have and then --

Yeah. We'll make it the corner of the buidling and we'll --

So, they say don't make it $100 million, make it $250 million. It'll be open in two weeks.

It took up three months to build.

Now we have an Embassy in Israel. In the other way, if we spent it on the ocean. If we spent $1 billion so it would have been 10 years to open.

Yeah. I knock it and knock it with the Head Rabbi. They have other sites and tremendous amount of money. But they have a building on an existing site that's a better location, the best location.

It's even set back. It's a fairly large site. It's set back which is good for staying.

So, they're taking it. They took the corner of the building, fixed it for $150,000.

So, instead of $1 billion they spent $150,000.

For $150,000 versus $1 billion and we have a better location. So, there's no location.

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah?

So, folks, I want to talk you all very much. I'll get back.

It's kind of a long trip.

It happens every time. They move in about 125. It's incredible and they do a great job, the secret service guys. And we have like 150 guards. So, it's not that easy to come over. Donald, oh, can we do it outside of the White House? I guess, I don't know if there's --

It was a ridiculous campaign thing I've watched which I think is wrong. It doesn't make sense. They spend a fortune getting over here and it literally cost nothing.

I'm sure it's a  but I like this hotel anyway and we can't get back.

Yeah, give it to me.

That is true.

You don't have to sign it. You know I'd rather not have it signed.

You know what, I love Jack Nicklaus.

Perhaps. Whose is this?

He a good guy to work with?

Shall we sign it or what?

See, the other side doesn't want to go which I understand. Let me see this. Messiah, oh.

Well, thank you all for a great gift. That's very nice, huh? Easy job, right?

Good. Hold that for me, will you?

Thank you.

Thank you, everybody very much.

Thank you. I will.

Thank you. This was fun tonight.

Feel free to update me.