Thank you very much. I appreciate everybody being here. We've had a very busy two or three days. It's been very positive. Things are happening that haven't happened in our government for a long time. The other night, as you know, we had a vote on border security, and I think we want to discuss this just for a second.

But the House of Representatives voted 217-185, approving strong border security and the money necessary to take care of the barrier, wall, or steel slats -- whatever you want to call it; it's all the same. And it was a tremendous evening for the Republicans, to be honest with you, because the level of spirit, the level of happiness -- a lot of people came out; they said they have never seen -- one man in particular; he's been there for over 20 years -- he said, "I've never seen spirit or enthusiasm like this." They came from all parts of the country.

A couple of them came from other parts outside -- so I say all parts of the world -- in order to vote. And they voted, and it was an incredible vote. And we were told that you would never get the House to vote. Well, we were able to get the House to vote. And it wasn't that we did it; they did it. They were incredible.

So I want to thank, in this case, House Republicans, because what they did was rather incredible. And now the Senate is looking at it. We just had a meeting with some of our great senator Republicans, and it lasted for a long time. Tremendous enthusiasm for border security. And I think I can speak for them very strongly when I say they want to see something happen on border security.

They want the security of safety. They want safety for our country. Drugs are pouring in, and we've done an incredible job considering we have no barrier. But drugs are pouring into our country. Human trafficking is at the all-time worst in history because of the Internet. And the human trafficking problem is a problem that has gone on through the ages, but it's never been worse because of the Internet.

All of the world. This isn't the United States; this is all over the world. So we need border security. And the Republicans in the Senate, as you know, are taking it up today, and it's really up to the Democrats -- totally up to the Democrats as to whether or not we have a shutdown. It's possible that we'll have a shutdown.

I would say the chances are probably very good because I don't think Democrats care so much about maybe this issue. But this is a very big issue. It's an issue of crime. It's an issue of safety. It's an issue of, least importantly, dollars. Spend $285 billion a year on illegal immigration. We have to finally do it. The wall will pay for itself on a monthly basis.

I mean, literally, every month it pays for itself. So we're talking about small amounts of money. Think of it: We approved and we got good Democrat support. Military, last year, $700 billion. Recently, $716 billion for the military. And here we're talking about $5 billion. So it's a tiny fraction. But unfortunately, they've devoted their lives to making sure it doesn't happen.

And that wasn't for what should happen; that was for political reasons. So we are going to be working very hard to get something passed in the Senate. There's a very good chance it won't get passed. It's up to the Democrats. So it's really the Democrat shutdown. Because we've done our thing. When Nancy Pelosi said, "You'll never get the votes in the House," we got them.

And we got them by a big margin -- 217 to 185. So now it's up to the Democrats as to whether or not we have a shutdown tonight. I hope we don't, but we're totally prepared for a very long shutdown. And this is our only chance that we'll ever have, in our opinion, because of the world and the way it breaks out, to get great border security.

Ronald Reagan tried many years ago -- got a note from a member of his family -- many years ago tried to get a wall. And he fought for a long time, during his entire term. He was never able to get a wall. And I consider him to be a great President. He knew what he was doing. We're going to -- one way or the other, we're going to get a wall.

We're going to get a barrier. We're going to get anything you want to name it. You can name it anything you want. But we cannot let what's been going on in this country over the last 10 years -- we just can't let it happen. Now to a very positive note: criminal justice reform. Everybody said it couldn't be done.

They said the conservatives won't approve it. They said the liberals won't approve it. They said nobody is going to approve it; everybody is going to be against it. It's been many, many years, numerous decades, and nobody came close. And I just want to thank all of the people standing behind me. I want to thank my daughter Ivanka, my son-in-law Jared Kushner.

I want to thank --  -- and I have to say, I want to thank Paul and Kevin. I want to thank Mitch. I want to thank Nancy and Chuck, as I say -- affectionately, actually.  But I do. I want to thank everybody. This was incredible bipartisan support. Mike, you were great -- Mike Pence. Everybody.

Everybody worked so hard on this. And I look at, you know, behind me -- I said, this is a cross-section of everybody in our country. We have everybody here. I won't go into details because I'll get myself into trouble if I go into too many of those details. We have everybody wanting this. We had a few people that didn't, and that's okay.

It's impossible to get 100 percent. But we passed this in the Senate, 87 to 12. That's unheard of. And the one person that missed the vote was actually in Afghanistan doing a very good job: Lindsey Graham. And I think I can honestly say that he would have voted in favor.  Lindsey was for it. And so it's 88 to 12. And then, in the House, we passed it 358 to 36. And if you look at this vote -- 358 to 36 -- it's a -- you don't have votes like that.

Hopefully we can do so well for border security, but it won't happen. Hard to believe. Because border security, to me, is simpler. Criminal justice reform -- and I must tell you, I've been a little bit of a student over the last four or five weeks too, because I started off a little bit on the negative side and said, what does it all mean?

And then I'd speak to people that are really involved. I'd look at states. The state of Texas -- Texas is a tough state for criminal justice. Very tough. They passed it a long time ago. It's had a huge impact. Kentucky -- we have Matt here and we have Mitch here. Matt. Kentucky passed it. Georgia passed it. And they've had tremendous -- tremendous results -- results that are incredible.

And other states also. And other states that are known for being tough on crime, tough on whatever you want to say. So I started looking at it very closely. And when you have somebody put in jail for 54 years because he did something that has no chance of him coming out, and totally nonviolent but there was a violation of a rule, that's tough stuff.

Alice Johnson -- I let her out. She was in jail for 22 years. She had another 28 years. And the crime was, let's say -- I think most of you would agree -- was not worthy of a 50-year term in prison. And she came out, and I'll never forget the look on her face. She walked out of jail after 22 years, and she was with her family.

She was with her family. And they greeted her at the door, and everyone -- she had grandsons; big, strong, beautiful guys. They grabbed their grandmother and they were all crying. Everybody was crying. I said, what a beautiful thing that is. Everybody -- big family. Everybody, they were gathered around in this large circle, hugging and kissing each other.

She was in for 22 years. She had another 28 years to go. There was another case where a judge came to me -- a good man -- and he was mandated to put a young man in jail for 28, approximately, years. And he wanted him to go to jail for two years. He said he did commit a problem, but he was mandated to put him in jail for 28 years.

And he actually left the bench; he quit. He was a highly respected judge and is a respected person. He left the bench. He was so saddened that there was nothing he could do because this young man was mandated to spend almost a good portion of the rest of his life, about 28 years, in jail. And the judge had no power to do anything about it, yet he was a judge.

And he's actually taken up a crusade for this, and he left the bench. He quit. That's the judge. He said, "When I can't give this man two or five years, when he has to be in jail for the best part of his life, then I don't want to be a judge anymore." I never forgot it. This was two months ago that I met this gentleman, the judge.

So criminal justice reform is an incredible, beyond bipartisan, signing. We'll be doing that in just a moment. But what I wanted to do was maybe go around and ask some of these incredible leaders; these are political leaders -- senators, congressmen -- but they're also leaders from around the country, a couple from around the world, and some stars.

We have some big stars in this room, too. And we've had tremendous support. Shocking. To me it was shocking. And I will say this: Nobody thought three, four months ago this was something that we couldn't even think about. I had a man come up to me yesterday. You know, we passed the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country.

We've done regulation cuts that has never been done before, more than any other President. And a man came up to me, who's a top lawyer in this country -- very, very knowledgeable in this subject. He said, "Sir, this is the single biggest thing you've done. Far bigger than tax cuts. Far bigger than regulation cuts.

Far bigger than anything you've done." And I started to argue with him. And then, after a while, I said, "Why am I arguing?"  I said, "Let's take it. What difference is it?" I said, "We'll take it." So if I could just go around a little bit, and maybe I'll start with Mike, the Vice President. And we'll go around.

And if you'd like to say a few words, just essentially raise your hands. But I want to thank you all. I want to thank you all for being here. This is an incredible event, an incredible success for our country. Thank you. Mike Pence?

Thank you.  So, Chuck Grassley has been involved from day one. He is -- he's a tough cookie.  He's tough. I said, "You mean Grassley likes it?" When I heard Grassley likes it, then I really started to get interested. Chuck, you want to say a few words?

Thank you, Chuck. Thank you, Chuck. Well said. Would you like to say something? Ted Cruz.

Thank you, Ted, very much. That's very nice.  Also congratulations on your race. You won easily.  Now he's running for President. I thought you were supposed to win before you run for President, no?  Congratulations. That was a great race. Great job.

Mike Lee? Please.

Thank you very much.  Van, go ahead. Please.

Thank you, Van. Thank you. Matt.

That's great. Thank you, Matt.  James Lankford. James.

Thank you so much. Great job. Thank you. Appreciate it.

Bob Goodlatte, please. Yes -- go ahead, Van.

Good.

Well, she's going to get a chance to speak. I could give her a second. Would you give up your place, Bob Goodlatte?

Okay, we're going to have somebody that's really good. Right? But you're going to get right back there. Topeka, please.

Thank you.

Thank you. And I want to get to the other two too, Van. Because you were so good, I want to hear the other two.  She'll be running for President. Bob Goodlatte, please.

And we have started that; we'll call it "phase two." But it's already begun. And this is the first step, but there's going to be a second and a third, and possibly a fourth. We'll see how it all works out. But it's a great -- it's a great subject. It's a great topic. People are very happy. Thank you very much, Bob.

I appreciate it.

That's beautiful. All right. Thank you. Well, he's got the best seat in the house and I didn't see him. Tim Scott. He's right behind me.

And I see Kevin back there. Kevin, please. Congratulations, by the way.

Good. I like that. Jared has worked so hard on this. I said, "You know, what's it all about?" Many of us -- when we just started, it's like, "What's going on here?" And he would be working so hard for, really, a long period of time. Longer than anybody would even understand. And I would like to have you say a few words.

Great job.  Yeah, do that, please.

Hi, Pat.

That's great. That's great.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.  That was incredible, by the way. I think what I'll do is ask a very special person to speak. Because whenever Jared had any difficulty with me on a couple of points, he'd send in a real power named Ivanka.  And she would call me and she would say, "Daddy, you don't understand.

You must do this. You must."  And I'd say, "Oh. All right."  Ivanka, would you say a few words, please? Honey, come on over.

So, we are so grateful for your leadership and realizing historic criminal justice reform that people have talked about it in theory for decades, that this administration has made possible. To my husband, maybe I'll get a little bit more time with him now.  But I doubt it. Thank you for all that you've done.

And then really to the people who join us here today, whose stories crystalized why this is so important, we are grateful to you and for putting a face on this challenge, and for being so candid and so real. And that's what it's all about. That's it. It's about helping people. You campaigned for the forgotten men and women of this country.

And there's nobody more forgotten than those who are in our system, had done their time, and left the system. And giving them pathways to be able to provide for their families and thrive is what this is all about. So thank you for the honor of working on that. Thank you. Great job. Thank you.

I think we owe a lot, because law enforcement was incredible and so strongly behind us. And I'd like to ask you to say a few words. You represented so many people so well.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

I'd like to hear from your two girlfriends, or your two friends that are here. You were so good.  You were better than all of the politicians.  So maybe your friends could just say a couple of words.

Yes, I remember.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.  Anybody over here? Yes, please. Go ahead. Go ahead.

Great. Thank you very much.

Would you like to say something, Senator? Please.

Senator Whitehouse.

That's true.

Everybody okay? Bernie?

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

We will.

Thank you.

I will.  Chuck Grassley just said, "Sir, there's a vote going on in the Senate, and I haven't missed a vote since 1993." Is that true? Get out of here, Chuck.  Go ahead. Go.

1993?

That's great, Chuck.  Here you go, Chuck. Chuck, you go to the vote.  Great guy.

There we go.  Thank you, everybody. That's great.

Excuse me?

I'll be honest: This is such an incredible moment, what we've just done -- criminal justice reform -- that I just don't think it's appropriate to be talking about anything else.  Thank you. But in five minutes we'll be talking about other things.