Well, thank you very much, everybody. This is a great honor tonight. It is very special. We have, as you know, Josh Holt and his wife Thamy. And they came back from a very tough ordeal in a Venezuelan prison. Almost two years, Josh. And, you know, amazing that you were able to take it.

Your daughter Marian is here, and your parents, Jason and Laurie. And you went through a lot. And you were in there fighting all the way.

And I want to thank Bob Corker. Great job you did over there. Great job. And I want to thank Mike Lee. And, Mia, you've been -- every time I'd see Mia, she'd talk about you, Josh.  She'd say, "What about Josh?"" I said

She was always doing it. And Orrin Hatch is a legend, as you know. He's a legend in the Senate and in this country. And, Orrin, you were great. So, Bob, Mike, Mia, Orrin -- I want to thank you very much.

So we've had 17 prisoners released during the Trump administration. Most people don't know that. You remember Aya. We called the President of Egypt, and he released her. She was there for a long time -- three years. And the previous administration was unable to get her out. A fantastic young woman. And she was released.

As you know, in North Korea, we just had a very great success. We have three wonderful people -- Americans -- that were released just recently. And they're now home, safe with their families.

And you were a tough one, I have to tell you. That was a tough situation. But we've had 17 released, and we're very proud of that record. Very proud. And we have others coming. We're in the midst of some very big negotiations to get others out. In most cases, they're Americans, but we can try and help other countries too, where there's injustice. So we've been working very hard on it.

But I just want to welcome you to the Oval Office, welcome you to the White House. It's, really, very special to have you both. You've gone through a lot. You've gone through a lot -- more than most people could endure.

I want to thank your parents for being such loving parents. You were really very, very special. You were fighting all the way. There was not a day that -- there wasn't an hour or a minute that you weren't thinking about this man and calling everybody, and letting us know. And we are all, as a group, very happy.

The State Department has been fantastic. Where are my guys from the State Department? Where are they?

We have John -- John Sullivan. You guys were really fantastic. Look at all those people that work at the State Department. You're probably surprised to see that.

But maybe I'd like to ask the parents, your great parents, if you have something to say before -- I'd like to get to the senators, and I'd like to get to you, Mia, and ask you also. But could I start with the parents?

I've never seen Mia cry before.

That's very nice. Pop, do you want to say something?

That's good. That's very smart. You're smart. Josh, would you like to say something?

You've been very brave, actually. You've been incredibly brave. We saw what was happening inside of that prison. So you really have been very, very brave. Bob Corker, would you like to say something? Great job.

Where's Caleb? Caleb, are you back there?

Come on over here, Caleb.  Fantastic. Fantastic job. That is really great.

What happened? Why did they do that?

Probably the only time that anybody was ever happy that there was a bad instrument on an airplane.  That was a better alternative than going back.

That's great. That's really great. And, you know, we have Pastor Brunson, a wonderful Christian pastor, and he's right now in Turkey. He's been there a long time. And they say he's a spy, but he's not a spy. And we're going to all work, and we've been working for his release.

He's having a hard time. There's a trial going on, but the trial is not so much of a trial. And we're talking to the folks in Turkey about doing something about it.

But, Pastor Brunson -- I hope you can hear us -- we'll be helping you at some point. We've been working on it for a while. He's been there a long time, and he's a totally innocent man. Mike Lee, would you like to say something?

Very good. Oh, you understood that beautifully. That's very good. Good job. Good job. Orrin Hatch, Senator, spectacular man -- please.

Very early.

Thank you very much. That's very nice. I appreciate it. And you've all been very supportive, but I really appreciate that. That's very nice. I thank you very much.

Thank you. Mia?

That's very nice.

Thank you very much, Mia. It is true, though. Every time I'd see Mia, I'd say, "Look

I just want to mention, we're doing very well in terms of the summit with North Korea. It looks like it's going along very well. As you know, there are meetings going on as we speak, in a certain location, which I won't name. But you'd like the location; it's not so far away from here.

And I think there's a lot of goodwill. I think people want to see if we can get the meeting and get something done. If we got that done, and if we can be successful in the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, it would be a great thing for North Korea, it would be a great thing for South Korea. It would be great for Japan and great for the world; great for the United States, great for China. A lot of people are working on it. It's moving along very nicely.

So we're looking at June 12th in Singapore. That hasn't changed. And it's moving along pretty well. So we'll see what happens. Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Congratulations.

Yes. Those talks have gone very well.

They've gone very well. We're fully abreast.

The talks have gone very, very well.

I'd rather not say. But the talks have gone very well. Thank you very much, everybody.