Thank you very much, and welcome to the Oval Office. On Monday, I traveled to Florida and Georgia to meet with first responders and to visit with those affected by the devastation of Hurricane Michael. And yesterday, Mike Pence traveled also to the two states and he saw devastation like he's never seen before. We're in the same category. It was something. Something horrible.

Thousands of federal employees and military personnel have been deployed to assist in the massive recovery effort. One of the biggest we've ever done, and we've had some pretty big hurricanes. This was just about at the top.

We will not rest until every community has been fully restored. The restoration efforts here is bigger than the others, because the winds were so powerful. They literally lifted businesses and houses and factories -- everything in its way. They would literally lift not only the house, they would lift out the foundations, in many cases. They ripped out foundations that were set deep. And nobody has seen anything quite like this.

We're here today to discuss my administration's historic effort to reduce job-killing regulations. We have set a record on killing regulations. No administration has knocked out as many as us, and we have a long way to go.

At the same time, we will have rules, regulations, and other standards which we need, we have to have. But we have knocked out tremendous numbers of unnecessary regulations.

We've removed more regulations, and we will continue to get rid of regulations. I think within a period of about another year, we will have just about everything that we've wanted. And one of the reasons the economy is so strong is that we're not hampered by the ridiculous regulations that we were getting rid of and are getting rid of.

EPA, I can tell you -- just speaking of one -- the things, Mr. Secretary, that we have gotten rid of, it's unbelievable and totally unnecessary. And I know you have a long way to go. And yet, we're going to have the best EPA that anybody has ever had -- and the strictest, in a certain way.

I want to thank very much Secretary Zinke, Secretary Perdue, Secretary Chao, Director Mulvaney, Administrator McMahon, and Acting Administrator Wheeler, who's doing a terrific job, by the way, over at the EPA.

And we're joined today by six really impressive people. People that some of you have gotten to know. People that have been both helped and hurt in lots of different situations, but very spectacular people.

I want to introduce Chris Chinn, a fifth-generation Missouri farmer. Thank you very much, Chris. How's Missouri been, good?

That's good. It's a great place. It's a great place.

Luanne Cundiff, a community banker from Missouri, also. Right?

And the community bank business is doing much better now that we got rid of the man that was running the regulatory service that was just absolutely destroying people. How is that going there?

It's a big difference. They're doing a really good job. And Mick Mulvaney has done a fantastic job in taking that over. We were hampered by a man that was just terrible. And now he's running for the Governor of Ohio, isn't that nice? Running for the Governor of Ohio; would be a terrible Governor.

Adam Red, a councilman of the Ute Indian tribe of Colorado. And tell us a little bit about that tribe.

That means you're rich.

They're rich.

That's good.

That's great. But it's going well?

That's good. David Boyer, a trucker with ABF Freight. David, thank you very much. I saw you before. Thank you, David.

Benson Waller of Riverview Coal Mine.

Thank you, Benson. Chip Kovach, Vice President of Engineering for his family's small business, City Machine Technologies. How's that going?

Well, we're setting records on unemployment or employment, use either word.

Use either way. Either way, it's a record.

It's good. And a lot of people are being trained and we're training a lot of people. And companies are coming into our country now at a record clip, and they're all coming in and training large amounts of people. And frankly, I like them training them better than anybody. But I heard you're doing really well, and that's really nice.

Do you have anything to say, anybody? This side?

Right.

Great. Well, it's my honor. And you have a great race going on out there.

And that will make a big difference. A very positive difference, the outcome. I won't say it because I'm not a political person, so I won't discuss that.  I won't discuss that in front of the press, okay?

Go ahead. How about yourself?

Have you seen a big difference in community banking over the last couple of years?

That's right.

They actually needed -- think of it: They needed a regulatory relief bill. The regulations were so bad, they needed relief from regulations, which is somewhat of a classic.

Go ahead.

You're in the middle.

We'll do that.

Good. And go ahead, tell me about your situation.

Your tribe had some big problems. You couldn't get to what you wanted to get to.

And now you're able to do it.

Good. Well, good. You're doing a great job.

I've seen what you've done in a short period of time. It was fantastic.

Congratulations.

Tell me.

Big difference, right?

Best it's ever been.

Best it's ever been.

Therefore, we should do well in the midterms. They never report how well we're doing, which they don't like to do.

That's good. Come here. Appreciate it.

Go ahead.

It's a big difference, right?

Saved that industry. That industry was gone. And it's a very important -- really, a very important asset for our country. That industry was gone. It was going to be out. And we would've had a big problem if it was gone. And they have great people in that industry. And that's what they want to do, right? Clean coal.

What they do today, the technology on coal is so incredible. What they can do with coal today is from a different world. Good, beautiful clean coal. And you're back working, right?

That's fantastic.

Are you Kentucky?

Good. That's good. Say hello to everybody. I just left Kentucky.

You know, we had a big rally there the other night. It was incredible. Thousands and thousands of people outside of the arena. They couldn't get in. It was something really special, and they appreciate what we are doing.

So, just say hello.

Go ahead.

So one of things we're most proud about is what's happened with our steel industry. Our steel industry was dead. Our aluminum -- the aluminum industry was dead. It was dead as a doornail -- both of them.

And steel in particular, but aluminum also -- steel is through the roof now. We're taxing the dumpers, the nations that dump. And they dump a lot of garbage -- steel. Sand steel, mud steel, bad steel -- not strong steel. And then we use it to fabricate beams for buildings and parts for airplanes, and they find it's no good. And in many cases, they don't know about until long afterwards, and in some cases when it's too late.

So now we're taxing them, and very, very heavily. And what's happening is the steel industry is thriving. I mean, literally, in a period of a year, the steel industry is just a hot industry right now. So it's been a great thing to see. Thank you very much.

Vice President, do you have anything to say? Mike?

That's true. That's true.

Administrator, tell me. EPA? Give us a little talk.

And you're opening up and allowing businesses to open and thrive, as opposed to -- they can't do it.

Great job.

Linda? Please.

Great. Great job, Linda. Thank you.

Elaine?

They didn't think so.

You never had an accident?

I want him to drive for me. Well, how about you --  -- I'll let . That's pretty good, David.

Wow. That's big stuff.

Thanks a lot. Thanks, Elaine.

So, Mr. Secretary, the largest landlord in the world.  At least the largest in this country, I guess.

So, Secretary, tell us about energy and what's happened with energy. We've become the biggest in the world. A lot of it is because of what we've done. Tell us just quickly about that.

So we're the largest in the world now -- energy. And you said 600 days, and that's right. It's been -- it's taken place very quickly. We've made it possible. We've opened it up. And thank you. And just if you look at oil prices, we're very happy we did, because it would not be a pretty picture right now. But now we don't need others. In the old days, we needed others, and that's how we got involved in the Middle East. We don't need others now.

Mick?

Good job. Sonny?

Thank you, Sonny. Thank you. Would you like to say --

Well stated. Thank you very much.

Well, thank you all very much. We'll talk for a little while. And we appreciate it. Thank you all very much.

Congratulations on 2 million miles. Two millions miles -- that's a lot of miles.

It's a very simple criteria: We want to get drug prices down. And we're going to have advertising -- subject to final approval, we're going to have advertising of drug prices so that people can see how much drugs are, and they can price them.

Right now, you're not allowed. In fact, pharmacies aren't even allowed to talk about prices. They're not allowed to talk about competitors. They're not allowed to say that, "Well, this drug is this much, and this drug is that much." You know that. It's against the law.

We're opening it up so that these people have to be more competitive. And it's going to have a huge positive impact on drug prices, we think.

And so, essentially, even when they advertise on television, they're going to talk about the pricing. So when people are sitting at home, they can say, "Wow, that drug is X dollars, and this drug is the same drug by a different company, and it's here." I think it's going to have a huge competitive advantage. We're bringing drug prices down.

Not only did Pfizer and Novartis and others cut the price after I called them, and cut it very substantially -- and I thank them for that; they made a big price increase, and then they cut -- but we are now going to cut the price of drugs very, very substantially.

So I actually like that question. I'm very proud of that.

This is going to be a beauty, right?  Go ahead.

Right.

No, not losers. No. I want to only pick winners. I want winners in our economy. Steel was -- we weren't going to have a steel industry. Steel is a very important, you know, category. It's not like -- let's say, even making that, or making a piece of wood that nobody knows where it's going.

We need steel. We need steel for defense. We need steel for many things. But maybe more importantly than anything, we need steel for defense and potential defense. We can't be buying our steel from China and from other places that maybe someday you have conflict with. Hopefully not.

We have reinvigorated our steel industry, and it's a tremendous thing. We've reinvigorated aluminum. Aluminum was a disaster. We have reinvigorated -- and others.

No, I want every business to thrive. Our miners now are thriving. Our miners now are absolutely thriving. And clean coal is a great thing. And it's another source. It has to compete against natural gas. It has to compete against a lot of different things, including solar and including wind and including all of those things.

Now, they're much, much more expensive, as you know. They're much, much more expensive. In fact, they need subsidy. And if you don't give them subsidy -- I don't like energy that needs subsidy. But if you don't give them subsidy, they don't work -- solar, wind, et cetera. They need massive subsidy.

You take a look at the money that was spent on these windmills that are killing all birds and lots of other problems, and destroying values. And I'm okay with -- I don't like giving subsidy to that, though. Especially when you have energy that's so abundant for 500 years. That's so abundant that, frankly, is in many cases one-tenth and even better than that -- the cost.

So -- but I'm for all industries. There's nothing that I don't like. I want it all working. That's why we're doing so well.

No, not at all. No. I just want to find out what's happening. In fact, Secretary of State Pompeo is going to be back probably late tonight or early tomorrow morning. He went to Turkey; he went all over. But he spent a lot of time with the Crown Prince, and he's going to have a full report. I'm not giving cover at all.

With that being said, Saudi Arabia has been a very important ally of ours in the Middle East. We are stopping Iran. We're not trying to stop -- we're stopping Iran. We went a big step when we took away that ridiculous deal that was made by the previous administration -- the Iran deal -- which was $150 billion and $1.8 billion in cash. What was that all about?

And they are an ally. We have other very good allies in the Middle East. But if you look at Saudi Arabia, they're an ally and they're a tremendous purchaser of not only military equipment, but other things.

When I went there, they committed to purchase $450 billion worth of things, and $110 billion worth of military. Those are the biggest orders in the history of this country -- probably the history of the world. I don't think there's ever been any order for $450 billion. And you remember that day in Saudi Arabia where that commitment was made.

So they're an important ally, but I want to find out what happened, where is the fault, and we will probably know that by the end of the week. But Mike Pompeo is coming back; we're going to have a long talk.

Well, he wasn't a citizen of this country, for one thing. And we're going to determine that. And you don't know whether or not we have, do you?

No, but do you know whether or not we've sent the FBI?

I'm not going to tell you.

Why would I tell you? Go ahead.

We have asked for it, if it exists. We have asked for it.

We've asked for it, if it exists.

No. I'm not sure yet that it exists. Probably does. Possibly does. I'll have a full report on that from Mike when he comes back.

That's one of the things I very -- that's going to be the first question I ask him.

Well, I will tell you that I'm having a Cabinet meeting in a little while, and we're going to ask every Secretary to cut 5 percent for next year.

And last year -- first year -- I had to do something with the military. The military was falling apart. It was depleted. It was in very bad shape. And that's why we went for two years -- $700 billion and $716 billion. And that took place over a period of two years. We have repurchased and purchased jets, missiles, rockets, all forms of military equipment -- ships, submarines.

We've rebuilt and are in the process of rebuilding our military to a level that it's never been before. I had to do that. In order to get the $700  and the $716 billion -- those numbers have never been heard of before -- I had to give the Democrats -- I call it "waste money." Things that I would never have approved. But we had to do that in order to get the votes, because we don't have enough Republican votes to do this without them.

So when you look at the border -- how bad it is -- that's because the Democrats want it to be bad because they don't give us the votes. That's why I hope we do very well in the midterm.

But we're going to be asking for a 5 percent cut from every Secretary today.

Okay, we're going to see you at the Cabinet meeting because you're coming in for a couple of minutes so we can discuss at length. And I just want to talk to these great folks and wish them best wishes. They've done a fantastic job and we really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Great job.

Thank you very much. We'll see you in a couple of minutes.