Mr. President, they're all saying what a great relationship we have, and they're actually correct. It's not fake news. Finally, it's not fake news. So it's a great honor, great honor that you're here. But we do have a very special relationship. In fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff off; you have a little piece. We have to make him perfect. He is perfect. So it is really -- it is really great to be with you, and you are a special friend. Thank you.

Right.

That's true. That's true.

Thank you.

Well, we'll be talking about Iran, and we'll be talking about many things -- terrorism, generally. But we will be discussing the Iran deal. I know the President wants to speak to me about that. We'll be discussing, probably, the Paris Accord and various other things.

So we're going to have -- we have not much time to do a lot of discussing, but a lot of things will work out. We have got a very special relationship. I don't imagine it's ever been closer in the history of our two countries, and that's a long and beautiful history. So we will be talking about a lot of different subjects, but the Iran deal will be one of them, yes.

We're going to be talking about it, and we'll see. I mean, people know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never, ever been made. We could have made a good deal or a reasonable deal. The Iran deal is a terrible deal. We paid $150 billion. We gave $1.8 billion in cash. That's actual cash, barrels of cash. It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made. But we will be talking about it.

All right, thank you very much. Stupid. Stupid question. Go ahead. Any other -- anybody else? Please.

Sure.

It just seems that, no matter where you go, especially in the Middle East, Iran is behind it, wherever there's trouble -- Yemen, Syria. No matter where you have it, Iran is behind it. And now, unfortunately Russia is getting more and more involved.

But Iran seems to be behind everything where there's a problem, and you just have to take a look. You look at what's happening, you look at the fighters -- Iran is always there. And we're not going to allow certain things to happen that are happening.

And the Iran deal is a disaster. They're testing missiles. And what is that all about? You look at the ballistic missiles that they're going and testing, what kind of a deal is it where you're allowed to test missiles all over the place? What kind of a deal is it when you don't talk about Yemen and you don't talk about all of the other problems that we have with respect to Iran, especially look at what they're doing in Iraq. You just take a look at what's happening in any -- virtually any place in the Middle East, Iran is behind it.

So what kind of a deal is this where it wasn't even discussed? And I know John Kerry made the statement that he didn't want to discuss other things while he was making the deal. Despite all of the money that we gave them, he didn't want to discuss it because it was too complicated. That's not the way to do it, because it was too complicated. So we made this terrible deal, but we'll be discussing it.

We'll find out. You'll find out about that. It won't be so easy for them to restart. They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems -- bigger than they've ever had before. And you can mark it down. If they restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they have ever had before. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Excuse me?

You'll find out.

I'll answer his question. Number one, they have a great President. He will go down as one of your great Presidents. And number two, we love France and we love the French people. But Emmanuel will go down as one of your great Presidents. That's what I say to the French people. And they're lucky. And he's lucky to have them also. Thank you.