Well, I want to thank the mayor and the Governor and the Governor-Elect, and you know the FEMA folks. We've been with FEMA a lot over the last couple of years and Brock, I want to thank you for the job. It's been incredible. Law enforcement have been beyond anything that anybody could have believed, and to see what's happened here... nobody would have ever thought this could have happened.

So the federal government is behind you. We're all behind each other. I think he can truly say, Jerry, right? And Jerry and I have been speaking and Gavin and I have now gotten to know each other, and we're all going to work together and we'll... we'll do a real job. But this is very sad to see it. As far as the lives are concerned, nobody knows quite yet.

They're up to a certain number, but we have a lot of people that aren't accounted for, and this is the kind of destruction -- in fact, they're telling me this is even not as bad as some areas. Some areas are even beyond this. They're just charred. So, one thing we have, we have the greatest people in the world looking at helping. The first responders, FEMA, the FEMA ha, you people have been incredible.

Law enforcement, always. They never let us down. They never let us down. So, we are here and Kevin, thank you very much for the job you've done, and the support you've given in Washington, and Kevin, anything we can do, you know we're here. You just bring it over to the office, right?

You know that. Thank you

Well, we've been talking about that on the ride over and I think we're all in the same path. We do have to do management, maintenance, and we'll be working also with environmental groups. They've, really, I think, everybody's seen the light, and we -- I don't think we'll have this again to this extent. We're gonna have to work quickly, but a lot of people are very much -- there's been a lot of study going on over the last little while, and I will... I will say, I think you're gonna have -- hopefully this is going to be the last of these, because this was a really, really bad one, and I know Gavin's committed.

We're all committed I'm committed, to make sure that we get all of this cleaned out and protected, take care of the floors. You know, the floors of the forests, very important. You look at other countries, where they do it differently, and it's a whole different story. I was with the President of Finland and he said, we have a much different -- we're a forest nation. He called it a forest nation, and they spent a lot of time on raking and cleaning and doing things, and they don't have any problem, and when it is, it's a very small problem.

So I know everybody is looking at that, to that end, and it's gonna work out. It's gonna work out well. But right now we want to take care of the people that are so badly hurt. The families, where they've lost -- a lot of people have been lost. I guess, Jerry, you don't really know what the final.

Yeah, we won't know that for a while. There are areas, you can't even get to them yet. But it's -- we have incredible people doing the job. So, we'll get that done better than anybody else could do it, and we want to thank you all for coming and being here, and showing, because I think people have to see this, really to understand it.

And back in Washington, Mr. Congressman, you know that, and Kevin and everybody, we have two of our great members of Congress, and they're -- you're with us a hundred percent. I know whatever is necessary. We're gonna do right? So I want to thank you very much. Brock, thank you very much.

We'll get it taken care of. Thank you. Thank you. You have anything to say, Gavin? Do you have anything for this?