So they're reporting that this is one of the most powerful hurricanes ever to hit our country. Is that actually a fact?

A long time.

And this one is going to heavy rain or is it going to be the winds that are going to be the problem?

Yeah, .

Electric companies are from all over the country, actually. They're all lined up. As soon as it goes by, they're going to be working. And we've got food supplies, food chains. We're working with all of the states.

And let me ask you: This started out very innocently a week ago. This was a small storm in an area they never thought. They said it grew into a monster.

Any questions for us?

I have. I have And the other governors, depending on what happens here -- but they are all either contacted or are in the process. I had a long talk with Rick Scott -- Governor Scott, of Florida. Very well coordinated with all of the states.

And, you know, one of the things that must be said is it's not so easy for some of these people to leave. Some of the areas are very poor. It's not easy for a person without the necessary money to leave. So what we've done is we've sent buses. We've sent a lot of different -- we're doing a lot of different things to try and remove people from the area. But a lot of people are very poor in certain of those areas, and it's very tough for them to leave. That's one of the problems you're finding, I guess, huh?

But if you look at the size -- how long it is. Take a look at that. And the red area basically is the area where it's going to hit pretty heavily. And that's a -- that's a lot of shore. That's a lot of land.

It's almost the entire size of the Gulf. When you look at it, topically, it's almost the entire size of the Gulf. And they haven't seen that. Maybe they haven't seen that at all. Nobody has seen that before.

Well, we don't know. I know was going to Pennsylvania. It looks like there are thousands of people already lined up, and probably will do that tonight. And we're going to go down here as soon as we can. We don't want to interfere with anybody, but we want to go as soon as possible.

You have -- you know, right nearby we have thousands of people going tonight, and they've already -- many are there already.

What time are we -- were you going to be there? What time are we landing on that?

Yeah, it's about seven.

Well, I don't know what to do, because you have so many people already there, and it's sort of unfair to them. So it's a mix. I'll be totally focused on this. But we'll make a determination over the next little while. But you have people that --

No, because I have great people, including these two. But I have great people. And it wouldn't make any difference in that sense. But I would like to be seeing what's going on. We want to get down there as soon as possible.

At the same time, I don't want to go down where we're interfering with the people -- first responders, the FEMA people. I want them to focus on the storm, not me. So we'll probably look to Sunday or Monday to go down and meet with the governors, meet with everybody, and do what we have to do, like we did in North Carolina, South Carolina, where that worked out really well.

Now, they're going to get hit also. I mean, North Carolina and South Carolina are going to get a lot of water. Nothing like they had two weeks ago. But they're going to get a lot of water also, and that water is still draining out. So this is a pretty big problem. I really worry a little bit about South Carolina and North Carolina, from the standpoint they're already saturated, and they're going to get a reasonable hit. Right?

I will have to take a look at it exactly. When you say release the journalist, who are you talking about?

That I'd have to look into. I'm not familiar with it.

Yes.

I would be certainly concerned. In fact, we have a call in to his wife.

His wife wrote us a letter, and addressed it to my wife and myself. And we're in contact with her now, and we want to bring her to the White House. It's a very sad situation. It's a very bad situation. And we want to get to the bottom of it.

I don't want to make -- I don't want to say that. I hope he's not. I hope he's not.

Well, I have to find out who did it. But people saw him go in but they didn't see him come out, as they understand it. And we're going to take a very serious look at it. It's a terrible thing.

I'd rather not say. But the answer is yes.

I would say fairly quickly. I would say fairly quickly. They're in touch. You may speak to First Lady's folks because they're in touch, and she'll be most likely coming to the White House. We'll work on it together. It's a terrible thing.

Well, Lindsey can speak for himself. But this is a bad situation. We cannot let this happen to reporters, to anybody. We can't let this happen. And we're going to get the bottom of it. Okay? But you may want to speak to the First Lady's office about it.

I'd rather not say, but at a very high level. The highest level. Let me say this: It's the highest level.

Yeah. And more than once.

Well, I do anyway. And I've always found him to be a fine man. We've had a very good relationship. I'm not happy about this. We have to see what happens. We have to see what happens. Nobody knows what happened yet. They don't know over there. But it's a very serious situation, and it's something we're taking very seriously. Okay?

We'll take care of that. We'll take care of that.

Well, they won't do it without our approval. They do nothing without our approval.

Yes. They do nothing without our approval.

We'll talk to you about that later.

And, by the way, when we get -- Alice Johnson is such a great person, such a great case. I'd like to find a lot of people like Alice Johnson. And there are a lot of people that are in a situation like that, and we are actively looking for those situations. She's a terrific woman. I've been watching her a lot. And what a great spokesman she is for that situation. And that's covering a lot of people. There are a lot of people like that that will unfortunately be locked up for many, many years. And there's no reason for it.

So we are looking for -- we are actively looking for other situations exactly like that.

No, but she's somebody we're talking to. We like Dina. Dina did great here. She then went back into the private sector for a while, but she always wanted to come back. She loves this administration. So we're certainly looking at Dina, and we're looking at others. There's some tremendously talented people. Nikki is going to be here until the end of the year. Nikki is our friend. She's been great. I want whoever it is to spend some time with Nikki before Nikki goes out and gets herself a job, and hopefully does -- she's going to make a lot of money. And I think Nikki will come back in some form, too. But she's an extraordinary person, good person.

But we're looking at many people. Many people want that job.

No, there's no good time. I mean, there will is no good time. She told me about this a long time ago. And, frankly, it's -- you know, almost four weeks. So it's not that bad. No, I don't think so at all. I thought it was very elegantly done.

If she waited until after, then they'd say, "Oh, she -- " You know, if we win, they'd say, why is she doing it. And if we lose, they'd say, oh, well that's obvious why she's doing it. Okay? So there's really no good time to do it.

But she and I had spoke at least six months ago. Maybe even a year ago we had conversations. She wanted to be here about two years. And I think the point really was, last week at the United Nations, she wanted to get through that and then go probably into the private sector for a while. And I'm sure she's going to come back into government because she's a terrific person.

Very strong vetting. But some of the people we've already vetted. Some of the people are with us. We're looking at people that were already with us. And we have some incredible talent in this administration. We have some great, great talent. And they've already been vetted. They were already approved.

Any other questions on this?

Yeah, I know they did.

India is going to find out, aren't they?

India will find out.

You'll see. Sooner than you think.

Very rare that you see a 4.

And these winds are -- you know --

-- and much more in certain areas.

Many. Many.

You have poor people. It's very sad. And they are unable. More than we would like. More than we would like. And, you know, you have people that are stuck. They're just stuck there.

We're moving a lot of people out, but you have some people that don't want to go out. They own a home and they just don't want to go out. And you can't force them to go out.

But these are great people that -- I love this area. I love it. There's something about the people in the area. And they will be okay. They are strong, smart, wonderful people. But you have certain sections where, really, you have pretty extreme poverty; you don't have money. And it's very hard for those people. But we're moving a lot out.

I say, "God bless you all." That's my message -- because that's what it is. The storm is there. I mean, that storm is there. It's sort of too late to do anything about it now from the standpoint of moving.

Tell us about that. If somebody said -- they're watching this now, and they want to leave, it's --

But I do think we're trying to move people more here because of the winds. We're worried about the houses. You know, these houses weren't built for 180-mile-an-hour winds. You have wind gusts up to 185, they say. That's as bad as -- pretty much as bad as it can get. And these houses aren't built for that kind of destruction.

So I think more than anything else, we're trying to move more people out than we've ever before.

Well, this was projected to be a storm three days ago, not a hurricane. And it grew, and it grew as rapidly as anything they've ever seen. That's the problem. And we're very, very prepared. We have massive amounts of food and water that gets brought in immediately as it's leaving. I mean, literally, we follow it right in.

And the electrical folks and, you know, the different electrical companies, they have thousands -- they're going to have over 10,000 people, and they're literally waiting, and they go and follow it in. They have to clear out the streets. But they literally follow it right in.

So that's going to be okay. I mean, the thing we're worried about is that initial -- the wind. Because supposedly, if you believe everything you're seeing not only from our people, if you see it on television, they haven't seen winds like this. So this is different than a lot of water, which is bad too. But they have not seen winds like this in a long time.

Some of it they had almost 200 miles an hour, and I've never even heard of that before. I've never heard of it. It's almost like a big -- it's like a big tornado, a massive tornado. So we have to be very careful, and we just hope the structures can hold up. And if they can't, we hope people aren't in those structures; that they were able to get out.

Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate you very much. Thank you.

Yeah, we are. We're demanding everything. And we want to see what's going on here. That's a bad situation. And, frankly, the fact that it's a reporter, you could say, in many respects, it makes it -- it brings it to a level.

It's a very serious situation for us and for this White House. We do not like seeing what's going on. Now, as you know, they're saying we had nothing to do with it. But so far, everyone is saying they had nothing to do with it. And it's inside of Turkey. And the Turkish government is working very strongly so far, so we'll see what happens.

Well, I want to see what happens. And we're working very closely with Turkey, and I think we'll get to the bottom of it.

Thank you all very much.