Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Sit. It's a great honor to have everybody with us, and we have some very exciting things to be talking about, things you've been waiting for for a long time, for many, many years. And now, let's see how badly you want it.  Because if you want it badly, you're going to get it. And if you don't want it, that's okay with me too.

But we have to rebuild our infrastructure. You know, I said this morning, as of a couple of months ago, we have spent $7 trillion in the Middle East -- $7 trillion. What a mistake. But it is what it is. This is what I took over.

And we're trying to build roads and bridges, and fix bridges that are falling down. And we have a hard time getting the money. It's crazy.

But think of that. As of a couple of months ago, $7 trillion in the Middle East. And the Middle East is far worse now than it was 17 years ago when they went in -- and not so intelligently, I have to say -- went in. I'm being nice. So it's a very sad thing.

The budget was recently passed, and the reason it was passed is because of our military. Our military was totally depleted, and we will have a military like we've never had before. We're going to have an incredible military. And to me, that means a couple of things.

Number one, it does mean jobs. But, really, number one, it means safety and security. Because without the military -- and we may have very strong views on spending, which I have -- but without the military, it's possible there's no reason for us to be meeting. Maybe we wouldn't be here.

So we're going to have the strongest military we've ever had, by far. We're increasing arsenals of virtually every weapon. We're modernizing and creating brand new -- a brand new nuclear force. And, frankly, we have to do it because others are doing it. If they stop, we'll stop. But they're not stopping. So if they're not going to stop, we're going to be so far ahead of everybody else in nuclear like you've never seen before.

And I hope they stop. And if they do, we'll stop in two minutes. And, frankly, I'd like to get rid of a lot of them. And if they want to do that, we'll go along with them. We won't lead the way. We'll go along with them.

But we will have a nuclear force that will be absolutely modernized and brand new. And hopefully we'll never have to use it, and hopefully we can reduce it in the years ahead. And that depends, really, on what other people are going to be doing. But we will always be number one in that category. Certainly, as long as I'm President, we're going to be far, far in excess of anybody else.

I'm honored to be here with the governors, with county executives, and mayors from around the country. Secretary Chao, Secretary Zinke, Secretary Ross, Administrator Pruitt, thank you for joining us. I greatly appreciate it.

We're here today to discuss the critical need to rebuild America's crumbling infrastructure. And one understands, and the people in this room really understand better than most -- probably, hopefully, better than anybody -- that the problem that the states have and local leaders have with funding the infrastructure is horrendous. And we will build, we will maintain.

And the vast majority of Americans want to see us take care of our infrastructure. Trucking companies are complaining that they used to take trucks from Los Angeles to New York, and there was no damage. Now they bring from Los Angeles to New York, and there's tremendous damage to their trucks because our roads are in bad shape. And we're going to get the roads in great shape.

And very important, we're going to make our infrastructure modernized. And we're really way behind schedule. We're way behind other countries. We always led the way for many, many years. Then, a number of decades ago, it slowed down, and over the last 8 years, and 15 years to be honest, it's come to a halt.

This morning, I submitted legislative principles to Congress that will spur the biggest and boldest infrastructure investment in American history. The framework will generate an unprecedented $1.5- to $1.7-trillion investment in American infrastructure. We're going to have a lot of public-private. That way it gets done on time, on budget.

It will speed the permit approval process from 10 years to 2 years, and maybe even to 1 year. Because when we give U.S. governors and mayors, and people representing your great states -- when we give you money and you can't get your approvals, I guess we're going to have to take that money back, or you're not going to build.

And some of you are sitting around the table that I know, some of the governors, you're going to get those permits. I have no doubt. Others, I see a couple sitting around the table; I don't think they're going to get their permits so fast. But you're going to have to get it.

Otherwise, you're not going to be able to build because we can't give you money and you're going to take 15 years to get a permit. In one state, it took 17 years for a basic roadway to get a permit, and the cost was many, many, many times what it was supposed to be. And we can't have that. So we want you to get going, and you'll work on the permitting process.

And from a federal standpoint, environmentally and everything we have to do -- I see Scott is here -- we're going to get your permits very quickly.

It provides $50 billion for rural infrastructure, who have really been left out -- the rural folks have been left out, including broadband Internet access, which they don't have. And they want it, and the farmers want it.

It will create thousands and thousands of jobs, and increase training for our great American workers, and it returns power to the state and local governments who know best what their people need.

Washington will no longer be a roadblock to progress. Washington will now be your partner. We'll be your partner. A lot of money -- up to $1.7 trillion. That's bigger than people thought. And we're going to have a lot of great people working.

We're going to also have great companies investing and building, and they'll build for you because sometimes the states aren't able to do it like we can do it, or like other people can do it, or like I used to do it.

When I did the Wollman Rink, it was 7 years, they couldn't get it built. It would have been forever. They couldn't get it built. And I did it in a few months at a much smaller price. They had invested $12 million in building an ice skating rink in the middle of Central Park.

Somebody told me about this the other day; they've never forgotten it. It was a big deal at the time. It remains a big deal. It took many, many years, and they were unable to open it. And I said, you know, I'd like to be able to have my daughter Ivanka, who is with us -- I'd like to be able to have her go ice skating sometime before she doesn't want to ice skate.  And I got involved. And I did it in a few months, and we did it for a tiny fraction -- tiny fraction of the cost.

And it's really no different with a roadway. It's no different with a bridge or tunnel, or any of the things that we'll be fixing.

The returns of money and investment to the states and local government will be incredible. And nobody knows better than you people where you want the money invested. That's the other thing.

For the federal government to say, "Gee

And how is your new company that's opening up there doing, by the way? Are they doing okay? That was a big one. Foxconn, that's moving along, right? They make the Apple iPhone. And I said for a long time, I said, I want those companies to be making their product here. And they went to Wisconsin.

Scott did a fantastic job, a presentation. I actually saw a site that I loved. I said, that was an old auto site. And I was with the head of Foxconn -- great man, actually; great businessman. Incredible. And I said, that's a great site for you, right in Wisconsin. And I hear that's where they're going. So you've done a fantastic job.

But this is a commonsense and bipartisan plan that every member of Congress should support. I look forward to working with them, and we're going to get the American people roads that are fixed and bridges that are fixed. And if for any reason they don't want to support it, hey, that's going to be up to them.

What was very important to me was the military. What was very important to me was the tax cuts. And what was very important to me was regulation. This is of great importance, but it's not nearly in that category because the states will have to do it themselves if we don't do it. But I would like to help the states out, and we're doing that with a very big investment.

One of the other things I think so important to mention is that, in the budget, we took care of the military like it's never been taken care of before. In fact, General Mattis called me; he goes, "Wow

So maybe we're going to get involved a little bit in the buying. We want to get twice as many planes for half the price. And believe me, we can do a lot because the procurement process is very outdated, to put it nicely. But we're going to have something very special.

But one of the things that was very important to me with respect to the budget was DACA. I did not want DACA in the budget. I wanted DACA separate so that we could talk about it and make a deal. And I hope to be able to make a deal. I hope the Democrats are not going to use it just as a campaign. You know, they've been talking about DACA for many years, and they haven't produced. We started talking about DACA, and I think we'll produce.

But if the Democrats want to make a deal, it's really up to them, because we want really tremendous border security, but we have to have Democrat support for DACA, and they are starting that process today. We didn't want to have it in the big budget, because if we have it in the big budget, it's going to get mixed up with all of the other things.

So now we have our military taken care of, and now we start very serious DACA talks today. And we are -- I can tell you, speaking for the Republican Party, we would love to do DACA. We would love to get it done. We want border security and the other elements that you know about. Chain migration, you know about.

he visa lottery, you know about. But we think there's a good chance of getting DACA done if the Democrats are serious and they actually want to do it.

But they didn't want tax cuts. They fought -- we didn't get one vote for massive tax cuts that have turned out to be unbelievably popular. And what came up -- which was even a surprise to us -- were, the big companies stepped up, and millions and millions of people have gotten tremendous bonuses. Nobody knew that was going to happen. That was a -- that was just the beginning point.

So we didn't get one Democrat vote -- not one -- for the biggest -- and I think that's a big political problem for them, if you want to know the truth. They are going around saying they made a mistake, because the tax cuts have now -- you see what's going on; it's spurred the economy.

Unemployment is at virtually record lows. Black unemployment is at the lowest level in history. Hispanic unemployment is at the lowest level in recorded history, which is really something that's so great. And we are very, very -- it's amazing what's been going on with the economy.

And I just want to end by saying it's an honor to have all of you with us. We're going to have a few of you make statements, and then we'll all stay around.

If you want, we can leave the press or we can have the press leave immediately. I'll leave that up to Scott Walker, because you're going to be the first speaker.  So, Scott, do you want to say a few words?

And thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Fantastic.

Well, it's been very unfair what's happened with broadband in terms of the Midwest and in terms, really, of rural areas, as you know. And you, sort of, were a victim of it, too. But now it's going to be taken care of. We're spending a great deal of money on that. It's only fair. And they want it. They want it. They know how to use it. They want it. And we're going to get it.

How many jobs will be created because of Foxconn's new plant?

It's a fantastic thing. Everybody wanted Foxconn. Frankly, they weren't going to come to this country. I hate to say it, if I didn't get elected, they wouldn't be in this country. They would not have done this in this country. I think you know that very well.

Just out of curiosity, 25,000, 35,000 jobs -- it's a tremendous -- one of the biggest economic development jobs in the country. How will you go about training and getting all of those people to work there?

And the company will also train, I understand.

That's so exciting, Scott. Congratulations. You really did -- they told me the other day that you were really, really great. The state, Wisconsin, I'm not surprised. But they did a great job, and you did a great job. Thank you very much.

Adding to that, as you know, Apple -- I told Tim Cook during the campaign, before I was elected -- I said, Tim, you know, I don't know if I'm going to make it or not, but if I do, you got to build plants, you got to build some big plants. I won't consider this a great success unless I see those big plants that I see all over China and other places, but, in particular, China -- hopefully, you're going to build them here.

And he gave us a very big surprise two weeks ago -- $350 billion -- not million. $350 million would have been a nice plant too. But he's going to invest $350 billion, of which he's taking $245 billion back. And that's the money we talked about coming back into this country.

I think it's going to be about $4 trillion. It was $2.5 trillion, but I've been using that number for years, so I know the number has gotten larger. It's probably four. It could even be more than that. But a lot of it is coming back. Another company just announced they're bringing billions of dollars back into the country.

But Apple is bringing about $240 billion back in. They're going to build a tremendous campus. They're going to build new plants. And it is beyond anything that anybody thought even possible. So that's very exciting. And you add that on to Foxconn, it's a whole different world out there.

So, Scott, thank you very much,

Governor Martinez, I would like to have you talk about some of the great strides that you've made in New Mexico, and what we're doing, and some of the things that are happening, because that's a very exciting state, what's going on. Thank you.

Thank you.

Great job.

Well, great job you've done.

And say hello to the people of New Mexico. They've been terrific.

Thank you very much, Susana.

One of the things we're doing, a little bit separate from this meeting but it all sort of amounts to the same thing, is a reciprocal tax. We are going to charge countries outside of our country -- countries that take advantage of the United States. Some of them are so-called "allies

They'll send in their product, and we won't charge them anything. And we send them our product -- same product as they're sending us -- and they'll charge us 50 and 75 percent tax, and that's very unfair.

One of the examples, Scott, is Harley Davidson. They're treated very unfairly in various countries. You know the countries I'm talking about. So we're going to be doing very much a reciprocal tax. And you'll be hearing about that during the week and during the coming months.

But not fair when we're taken advantage of. That's why we have these big trade deficits. That's why we have tremendous problems with trade. We're, as you know, renegotiating NAFTA now. I always said, we're either going to renegotiate it or terminate it. We're renegotiating. Bob Lighthizer is doing a fantastic job on that. And hopefully the renegotiation will be successful. And if it's not, we'll be more successful.

But NAFTA has been -- we lose a tremendous amount of money, at least $71 billion a year with Mexico. We lose a lot of money with Canada. Canada does not treat us right in terms of the farming and the crossing the borders. So they'll either treat us right or we'll just have to do business a little bit -- really differently.

We cannot continue to be taken advantage of by other countries. We cannot continue to let people come into our country and rob us blind, and charge us tremendous tariffs and taxes, and we charge them nothing. We cannot allow that to happen. We cannot allow it to happen.

And we lose vast amounts of money with China and Japan and South Korea and so many other countries. And they understand where I'm coming from. I've talked to all of them and they understand it. It's a little tough for them, because they've gotten away with murder for 25 years.

But we're going to be changing policy. And, you know, we have an incredible country but we can't let that happen. And it's really affecting our workers. It's affecting everything.

So that's going to be a very big part of what's happening over the next month. Everything is related to this meeting, but I wanted to mention that specifically.

I'd like to have County Commissioner Bovo of Miami-Dade say a few words. And a lot of progress being made there also.

That's right.

Well, we're going to get you -- we're going to get you the federal permits, okay? And we're going to get you the environmental and the transportation permits. We'll get them for you so fast your head will spin.

The question is, are you going to be able to get the local permits. Because that's going to be up to you.

No, you wait 25 years on some. We have projects on the books that -- 25 years. Look at the pipelines, how long they would have been. I approved them in the first week. And they're now being built. I guess you have one situation that's going to be solved very soon. But they're very -- you know, 48,000 jobs -- the two big pipelines.

They were dead. They were going to be dead for years. They were probably never going to happen. And environmentally, it's better to have it underground. It's better than using trains and using trucks all over the place. So it's -- we can do it.

But they have people waiting for 25 years for permits. And, by the way, 25 years and 100 times the original cost, if you think about it.

So we're going to get you the federal permits, we're going to get you the environmental permits that you need on a federal basis. It's very important that the local communities, like Miami-Dade and all -- and I know Miami-Dade very well, and it's great. These are great people. But you're right, it's very tied up. You'll be able to produce them locally.

And if you can't, then the money goes to somebody else. Because if you can't get your permit, you have a certain area -- I know Phil Bryant is going to get all of his permits. I have no doubt about that, right? You will have no problem. I know that.

But if you can't get your permits, and you can't get them quickly, the money is going to go to somebody else. Because we're not going to sit around for eight years because you're having a local dispute. So I think that's good. I think that's a good incentive.

I think you're going to -- I know you. You're going to get it done.

Okay? Good. Thank you very much.

Phil, do you have anything to say?

Good.

How are you doing with the permitting? How is that going?

You know, under the other administration, you would have been 20 years on the project you're talking about.

Now you'll be about two months.

Well, Phil, I just left Mississippi, and I was with Phil recently at the African American Museum. And I want to tell you, the job you've done is incredible. And I hear it's doing record business. It's doing fantastically well. We were there for the ribbon cutting and the opening.

But the job you're doing in Mississippi is very inspiring to a lot of people. So congratulations, Phil.

George, would you like to say a few words?

Thank you very much, George. I appreciate it. You're doing a good job. Elaine, what would you like to say? Transportation, it's -- a lot of this money is going to transportation, so you become the big power that you always are.

All right, thank you, Elaine. And, Scott Pruitt, could you talk about the environment and how we maintain a perfect, clean, better-than-ever environment, at the same time go quickly?

Well, thank you very much. And I know that when we're finished with this meeting, probably you won't see it for some reason. You'll see all about DACA. They'll be talking about my remarks on DACA, which lasted for 10 seconds but we're very serious about DACA. But you'll be hearing about DACA. But this is so important for what we're doing.

Gary Cohn, what would you like to say, Gary?

Good.

Good. And, Ralph Northam, congratulations on your victory. Your opponent was not a Trump person, I have to be honest with you.  If he was, he would have done much better. Doesn't mean you wouldn't have won, but he would have much better. But he was not a Trump person. But I would like to congratulate you. And what would you like to say about infrastructure?

Thank you.

Yes.

It's true.

That could be one of the best in the world if they invested not that much money, relatively speaking. I agree with you.

So that's been in the process for many years probably, right? How many years, Ralph, has it --

I love it. Just put it on the list. Put it high on the list.

Sure.

Good. Thank you very much, Ralph. And good luck with everything. I think you're going to do a great job. Very important is what you said about the port. Because I've been hearing about your port for many, many years. I've also heard it could be one of the great ports of the world. And locationally you can't do better. But they could never get their dredging permits.

So, Scott, I know you'll work on that and hopefully you'll get them quickly. All right?

All right, thank you.

Wilbur Ross, please.

Good. Thank you, Wilbur. And do you agree with what I said about the tax with countries coming in and taking advantage of our country? I assume.

If you don't -- oh, would he be in trouble. Could you imagine if he said no?

A reciprocal tax, Wilbur. How do you feel about that?

So when I look at some of these trade deals, I say, how could this have happened? And the truth is, it was laziness. After World War II, we helped Germany, and we helped all countries. We helped -- and you had the Korean War; we helped South Korea. We helped everybody. And nobody changed.

They had no money, they had no anything. They were rebuilding from a war. And the agreements basically stayed the way they were. And they became very wealthy, and they could pay a tremendous amount, and they could pay us back. But nothing happened.

And the reason nothing happened is, number one, no imagination. Number two, the people that were in my office and other offices were lazy. They just let it go. But we're not going to be letting it go because it's truly affected our country.

When we have $21 trillion in debt, we're not going to let that go. And when people want to send their cars into our country but they won't accept our cars -- and so many other products; cars are the least of it -- although cars is a big category -- we can't do that. We can't do that. We will no longer do it, I will tell you that.

I would like to ask Bill to say a few words, because you have been very, very -- I would never use the word progressive -- but you have been very good in what you've done.

And when I do use the word "progressive

Thank you, Bill.

You've made a big difference in Tennessee.

That's right. That's right. Thank you very much, Bill.

Actually, to me this is a very, very sexy subject. The media doesn't find it sexy.  I find it sexy because I was always a builder. I always knew how to build on time, on budget, and that's what we want here.

One of the reasons we like the public-private is we'll get some of that involved in getting these things done quickly -- much more rapidly than you would get them done as a government, as good as some of these governments are.

So I very much appreciate that, Bill. But Tennessee is really keeping up. They're doing a good job. I looked at some numbers yesterday, and it's really -- really doing a good job.

Would anybody to like to say something? Yes sir, go ahead.

Thank you.

Thank you.

That's right.

And that's helped out a lot, hasn't it?

Right. I do.

Good.

Thank you, Mayor. I appreciate it. The areas that have military are going to be greatly affected in a very positive way because the number that we were able to get -- $700 billion -- and again, that was the key to what I did.

I hated to give away certain money, and some of it I consider to be terrible. But we needed 60 votes. We needed 60 votes. So in order to get the military taken care of -- which is, to me, number one, by far -- we did that. But those areas that are heavy on the military, you're going to see a tremendous difference.

When I was in the private sector, I used to get listings all the time for forts -- military forts, military installations that would be for sale. And I used to say to myself, "This is 10 years ago

You know, they would sell them as surplus. And I used to say, "How many do we have?"" Because you'd get a lot of listings. But they closed the lot. But we're going to be expanding ones that we have. And those areas

And, you know, one of the other things is jobs. We're going to be building this equipment. We don't go out to other countries to build our military equipment. And when we have allies, especially people that we help where we give aid to -- which we're going to have to start looking at also -- but they go out and order military equipment from other countries, I say, "No

And that's why a lot of the defense companies and jobs -- again, it's all jobs -- but they're very happy, because, I mean, we were giving out money and they'd buy helicopters from different countries. I don't want to say which country. Specifically one.

I say, "So we're giving you money to buy military equipment

So, a lot of things are changing and they're changing very fast.

Yes, sir.

Right.

I know where those connections are.

So you want additional connections?

Good.

That sounds good. You jumped to the head of the line.

It's how much?

All right, get the price down a little bit.  Get it down.

That sounds like a lot of money for connections, right? What do you think, Phil? You could do it for $550 .

Huh?

That's sound good.

Good.

Right.

Were you going to build a new bridge, or renovate that bridge?

Is it permitted?

Well, then you're not going to get a bridge.

Yeah. Well, we're going to -- yeah, we're going to do it.

Look, you've doing this for years, as you say, and it's been a pretty unpleasant process. But we're going to do it quickly. Now, the historical -- if it's local and historical, you're going to have to take care of that yourself, you know that.

I'd love to get it done for you. That's the kind of thing we want to get done.

We have a lot of bridges -- amazingly number -- a high number of bridges that are considered unsafe. And yet they're being used. And I don't want to see tragedies. I don't want to see it happen.

They need paint, they need some fixing. Not even a lot of money. They have to be fixed, or they're going to go down. And those are the things -- safety first. But you want to resurface your roads. I like fixing rather than building new.

I've seen so many roads where they rip out a road, a highway -- I can tell you, 78 in New Jersey -- they ripped it out. And it went on for years. Just ripped the hell out of it. And then they started building a new road in exactly the same location because they wanted the surface to be a little bit higher.

They could have stripped the asphalt and put beautiful new asphalt. And then after they built it, it started to settle all over the place. Whereas before, it was there for 100 years, it didn't -- you know, it settled. So you didn't have the problem.

And I would rather see resurfacing. I would rather see -- until we get ourselves -- really, before we start doing the big new projects, I would like to fix what we have through resurfacing and other things, like the bridges. Fix them. A lot less expensive. And in the end, it's probably better. And then we start the new projects maybe with another fund, but we start the new projects.

And maybe with this one. But I really would like to see proper resurfacing, new medians. I would really like to see a competitor to the one that makes the grates that are always -- you know, the guardrails. I talk about them all the time. Whoever represents that company, I think he's the greatest salesman on Earth.  Because they put this stuff in, and within two weeks it's all bent and corroded, and it's terrible.

I want the salesman that represents that company to represent the United States of America.  Because that guy does some job. I wish they could come up with an alternative to the -- it looks like aluminum or -- probably cheap steel.

But when it gets hot, it bends. When it gets cold, it bends. And when somebody hits it, it's a mess. And we put it in and within a year, it looks terrible. And I never understood why they didn't come up with a better system.

So those are the kind of things that I'd like you to look at. And you can come up with a better system probably for less money. But somebody should come up with a better system than that.

So thank you very much. Work on the bridge.

Gary, what would you like to say?

Go ahead.

Just press the button.

Great.

Right.

That's right.

We have that planned, actually, as you know.

200 deaths? 200 deaths?

You do have a lot of that. You know, you'll have lot of intersections where people die because they can't get a permit, and it's just crazy. And I'd like you to make that first priority. You have -- like you say, there's one particular, and I heard about it in Iowa.

It's a particularly dangerous intersection, and there's accidents all the time. And with a slight difference in design, and you could get that permit very easily.

We have to get it done. So I'd love that to be a priority, if that's possible.

Good. That's right.

Thank you Linda. Thank you very much. Yes, go ahead.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. I... I would like to add one further thing. I think it's very important that you go back and you speak to your Congressman, your Senators and the people that represent you, to get the push that you're gonna need to get this done, because they are working on a lot of things right now, in all fairness to them.

So this is one... you're gonna have to get a little push, and I think everybody in this room wants it very much, and I want it very much, but you're gonna have to call your Senator and your Congressman -- and Woman -- to get it done, and it's something that can happen.

We'll get approval, we'll create a lot of jobs, and we'll have a great infrastructure in our country once again. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.