So this is what it was in the 1990s. It was an open wound frankly. It was really really bad. People just pouring across, drugs everything else pouring across. Now of course you have a much bigger worldwide drug problem.

If we ever had nothing here, we have a lousy wall over here now, but at least it stops 90, 95 percent when we put up the real wall we're going to stop 99 percent, maybe more than that. But this is what it is now, with a not very good wall. But here it is before, and the people are just pouring across.

So they re-established law and order in San Diego when they put up a wall, and it's not a superior wall, it's an inferior wall. But it's a wall. And you actually use the term re-establish law and order?

You hear it folks. Say what you want. This is life. This is the facts of life. That's incredible. That's incredible, and a part of San Diego needs a wall. They want a wall very desperately. They're willing to do anything to get it, I said nope, approve the whole wall. California, approve whole wall. Not we're not going to be a little pieces that you want. Approve the whole wall. You know the section I'm talking about. Okay folks, thank you. Did you get it? Excuse me?

Oh yeah, fantastic. I mean we're looking very much at the wall with some see-through capability on the other side and then solid concrete on top, or steel and concrete on top. The round piece that you see up here or you see more clearly back there. The larger it is, the better it is because it's very hard to get over the top.

It's really a deterrent for getting over the top. Who would think? Who would think. But getting over the top is easy. These are like professional mountains climbers. There incredible climbers. They can't climb some of these walls. Some of them they can. Those are the walls we're not using. So we've determined that you guys have done a fantastic job.

We've determined what to do... this way when we build, it we're not like saying, oh gee I wish we did it a different way. But if you didn't have it, you would have tremendous problems. And even the walls they have now, they're not holding out, they're not holding up. They're small, but they're really great compared to what they before. Stopped about 95 percent.

Well, I think Governor Brown's done a very poor job running California. They have the highest, the highest taxes in the United States. The place is totally out of control. You have sanctuary cities. We have criminals living in the sanctuary cities. And then the Mayor of Oakland goes out and notifies when ICE is going to pick them up. And many of them were criminals, with criminal records and very dangerous people. You would say dangerous people.

No, I think the governor is doing a terrible job running the state of California, and you know, hey I have property in California, I will say, I don't think too much about my property anymore, but I have great property in California. The taxes are way, way out of whack and people are going to start to move pretty soon.

And if you don't have safety, meaning if you don't have this kind of wall, the drugs are pouring through in California, can't do it. So the governor of California... Nice guy. I think he's a nice guy. I knew him a long time ago. Has not done the job, and the taxes are double and triple what they should be. And everybody that lives in California they know it. Thank you very much everybody.