Okay, thank you very much. We have a very special group of people with us today. These are escapees from North Korea. There have been many of them over the last year, and there seems to be more and more. It's a tough place to live, and people aren't liking it. There's great danger, great risk.

Seong-ho was with us the other night at the State of the Union Address, and really made an incredible impression on me and on everybody else, both on television and in that magnificent room. And I had an opportunity to meet with some of the folks, and their stories are amazing. And I thought, through our really fabulous interpreter, we could probably go through a couple of the stories, because they're incredible and very inspirational. So, escapees from North Korea.

Before we start, I just had a phone call with the President of South Korea, President Moon, and they are in dialogue, at least as it concerns the Olympics. And that's a good thing, not a bad thing. And we had a great call.

I also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and we also had a very good call. So it's a very tricky situation. We're going to find out how it goes. But we think the Olympics will go very nicely. And after that, who knows. We'll find out. We're going to find out pretty soon, I suspect.

So I spoke to President Moon, spoke to Prime Minister Abe. And they were both very good calls, both concerning -- essentially concerning North Korea. So perhaps you can do that, and then I will -- I'll go ahead and we'll introduce a couple of the folks.

Who would like to tell the story? Would you like to start by saying what happened and how it is over there? Because the world would like to hear.

That's tough stuff. That's pretty tough. So you got out, and hopefully you're enjoying your life?

Well, congratulations. That's great. That's great. It's a great story. Yes, go ahead.

Thank you very much. That's very nice. Thank you very much. Hope it helped. That's great. Yes, ma'am.

And things are going well?

That's great. Great story. Thank you very much. It's an amazing story. Please.

Thank you.

Great. Wow. That's fantastic. Congratulations.

That's great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. It's an amazing title of a book. Thank you.

Thank you.

Good.

Well, thank you very much. That's really -- they're incredible stories. We actually have two other people outside, and they're literally afraid of execution. They didn't want to be with cameras, and I can understand that. They were very concerned with that, and we would certainly not want to force them to be here. So they're right outside but they didn't want to be on camera for a lot of very bad reasons.

I want to thank you. You were so incredible the other night during the State of the Union. The story of walking across China -- and further than that. There's sort of a funny story: When I said I'd like to have him stand, one of my people said, "Don't ask him to stand

Well, we do. And those are amazing stories. And I want to thank you all for being here. This is the Oval Office. Very famous office. I guess, most of you have heard about the Oval Office. A lot of things happen here. Hopefully, they're all for the good, but a lot of things happen right in this space. So it's my honor to have you here. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

I think the memo -- I think it's terrible. You want to know the truth? I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace. The memo was sent to Congress. It was declassified. Congress will do whatever they're going to do, but I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country.

And when you look at that, and you see that, and so many other things, what's going on -- a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.

So I sent it over to Congress and they will do what they're going to do. Whatever they do is fine. It was declassified. And let's see what happens. But a lot of people should be ashamed. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

You figure that one out.

I don't think so. These are just great people that have suffered incredibly. There are many, many others like them that have suffered so much, and they were here and I said, let's tell your story very quickly. We have others in a different room, as I told you, that are really petrified to be here. Petrified. So, it's tough stuff. It's tough stuff.

Well, we're doing a lot. We've done more than -- I mean, we have many administrations that should have acted on this a long time ago when it wasn't that this kind of a -- when we weren't in this kind of a position.

You know, we ran out of road -- you know the expression. The road really ended. They could've done it 12 years ago. They could have done it 20 years ago. They could've done it four years ago and two years ago. We have no road left.

So we'll see what happens. But, in the meantime, we'll get through the Olympics and maybe something good can come out of the Olympics. Who knows. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Thank you very much everybody.

I better not get involved.