Well, thank you very much. It's great to be with Benjamin Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel, and his representatives. Obviously, we have much to discuss. The Prime Minister was just thanking me again for what we did in Jerusalem, with respect to the embassy. That's been something that, I guess, was controversial, but it's turned out to be very positive in many ways. And a lot of progress is being made in many other areas. We're talking trade. We're talking military. We're talking defense. And we are very much in favor of what Israel is doing as far as their defense is concerned. They're aggressive, and they have no choice but to be aggressive. It's a very difficult part of the world. So I just want to let Benjamin, let all of the people know -- let Bibi know -- that we are with you. We are with Israel 100 percent. Thank you, Bibi. Thank you.

Excuse me.

That's right.

We're working along on that. It's, I think, moving very well. There's nothing I would rather do than see peace between Israel and the Palestinians. I think lots of good things are happening. It will take a little time, as you know. It's taken plenty of time -- many, many decades, and nothing's happened. But a lot of good things are happening. Actually, by taking off the table the embassy moving to Jerusalem, that was always the primary ingredient as to why deals couldn't get done. I spoke to many of the negotiating teams, and they said they could never get past the embassy moving into Jerusalem and all of what that meant, which you know what that meant. That meant everything. And now, that's off the table. Now, that will also mean that Israel will have to do something that will be good for the other side. We're working --

We're working on -- we're working on deals. I think that -- I really believe something will happen. They say it's the toughest of all deals. When they talk about tough deals, they always say Israel and the Palestinians. That's the toughest of all deals. It is a dream of mine to be able to get that done prior to the end of my first term. I don't want to do it in my second term; we'll do other things in my second term. But during this period of time. And I can I say that I think a lot of progress has been made. I think that Israel wants to do something and I think that the Palestinians actually want to do something. A lot of progress has been made. So, the time is moving and that will move. And I think it will start moving pretty soon, pretty rapidly. Thank you.

Say it? Say it?

I will talk if it's appropriate, when it's appropriate. Yes, I will do that.

Well, that's a big chip that they got. I took probably the biggest chip off the table, and so obviously we have to start -- you know, we have to make a fair deal. We have to do something. Deals have to be good for both parties. Otherwise, you don't have a deal and you don't have a lasting deal. So something will have to be done. But that's a very big chip. Israel got the first chip and it's a big one. There's no question about it.

Well, I haven't heard this. We were just discussing it two minutes ago, and we'll make a determination. We'll find out about that.

Absolutely. One-hundred percent. As you know, we were paying them $550 million a year. Now, we're paying them nothing a year. Because we were -- for years and years, we were being abused by the leadership of the Palestinians and giving them all of this money. So, now we're not. But that will start up again and it'll start up -- I look forward to it because they use it for some purposes that are good -- and some purposes that are not good, and not acceptable. So, yeah, they're absolutely coming back to the table. And they want to come back to the table.

I like two-state solution. I like two-state solution.

You just heard me, right? Okay, so that's enough questions from you. Is that all right?

Say it?

I like two-state solution. Yeah. That's -- that what I think -- that's what I think works best. I don't even have to speak to anybody, that's my feeling. Now, you may have a different feeling -- I don't think so -- but I think two-state solution works best. Yes, go ahead.

I think the Europeans will behave very nicely. Very nicely. Just watch.

No, I'm not upset by anything. I don't get upset.

Okay, yes please, Steve?

We'll have something -- we have something very much in mind. It's moving along really well. I want to have -- I want to have a plan, Steve, that is solid, understood by both sides -- really, semi-agreed to by both sides before we start a negotiation. I would say over the next two to three to four months, something like that.

That would be the time that I'd like to at least release the plan. It is a very complex situation, but I think we have some brilliant ideas. Ideas that have never been thought of before. Ideas that are good for both parties. And again, it has to be good for both parties. Okay? Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.