Well, thank you very much everybody. We appreciate it very -- the job you've done has been incredible. Incredible. They're talking about it all over the world. And we want to keep it going that way, because some of the hard work is now. We've gone through very dangerous work, and still dangerous, but some of the hard work is taking place right now, even though it's nice and beautiful and sunny.

I was talking to the Governor. And, Governor, I want to thank you. A really fantastic -- a fantastic job. But in speaking to the Governor, some of the flooding is actually epic. Hard to believe. And we've seen all the pictures where houses are literally covered beyond the roof. You don't even know there's a house there. And, you know, one of those things. Well, the water is starting to go down now, finally.

But again, I want to thank Governor Cooper. I want to express my gratitude to your Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest, very importantly. And to all of the state and local leaders who have been really incredible partners throughout this response and recovery.

There's been a lot of talent. A lot of work and a lot of talent. Without the talent, it doesn't work either. You had a combination of hard work and that great ability.

We're joined also by Secretary Nielsen, Administrator McMahon, Director Mulvaney, and FEMA Administrator Long. I want to thank you all. Administrator, great job. Incredible job. The planning that went into this is beyond -- beyond belief. So I just want to thank the Secretary and Administrator. Really -- really something special.

I also want to thank some great friends of mine and some very talented people that love this state. They love all our states, I think we can say, and that's Senator Richard Burr. Where's Richard? Richard? Thank you very much. You have great representatives. Senator Thom Tillis, thank you. Thank you. Where's Thom? Thank you, Thom. Lindsey Graham. Lindsey? What happened? Lindsey.  Oh, look at Lindsey.

Lindsey, do you want to pull up a chair? What happened to you?

You know, we could have --  -- Richard, would you let him sit at our table? I don't know. Come on. Pull up a chair, Lindsey. But Lindsey has been great.

And Tim Scott. Where's Tim? Good. I don't know, I feel pretty guilty. Come over here.

They have been fantastic, all of them -- all four. And we've had a lot help from Congress, in all fairness. And we're ready and they're ready to do whatever we have to do to make this perfect. And that means, unfortunately, the money will be a lot, but it's going to come as fast as you need it. We're going to take care of everybody.

Hurricane Florence was one of the most powerful storms ever to hit the Carolinas. One of the most powerful and devastating storms ever to hit our country.

To the families who have lost loved ones, America grieves with you, and our hearts break for you. God bless you. We will never forget your loss. We will never leave your side. We're with you all way. And to all those impacted by this terrible storm, our entire American family is with you and ready to help. And you will recover.

Most importantly, we give thanks to the incredible first responders, including sheriffs, police officers, firefighters, our great Cajun Navy. They're all over the place. I put them up online and everybody loved it. Everybody loved it. But they put themselves, all of them, in harm's way. And what they've done to save precious lives of our citizens has been nothing short of incredible.

Nearly 20,000 federal and military personnel are supporting the response efforts along with Southeast Coast, including brave men and women of North Carolina and the National Guard. Now, of course, we're going to South Carolina right after this, and they have been incredible. And I know you've worked and coordinated very well also, Governor, with South Carolina. That's been a really great partnership.

Together with state and local first responders, they've assisted and rescued more than 3,000 people. So we want to thank you. And I will say, I've been watching the Coast Guard with all of the helicopters lifting people off rooftops, and it's been an incredible job you've done again. We appreciate it. Thank you very much.

More than 1.6 million meals have been delivered to North Carolina, and more than 400,000 are ready in South Carolina as soon as they're requested. So we're standing by with 400,000 meals in South Carolina.

Crews have restored power to over 1.2 million customers already in North and South Carolina. And the power is starting to go on as soon as the water goes down. They're meeting the demand incredibly well. So I want to thank the power companies and all of the federal workers, but we have to also thank some of the power companies because they've been very responsive. As soon as that water goes down, for the most part, people have power.

In moments of despair, we witness the true character of the American people. So true. Citizens all across our country rally together to rescue the stranded, to protect the innocent, and to restore hope to families who have experienced tremendous and unbearable loss.

I want to thank all of the people here today. A very special group of people. Very talented group of people. And we love working with you. It's an honor to work with you. We've done a real job, and we've got to continue to do that real job because another phase is coming in right now, and we're going to meet that phase just like we've met phase one.

So, Governor, again, thank you very much. I appreciate it. And to everybody, thank you very much. And whatever we have to do at the federal level, we will be there -- and you know that -- 100 percent.

And, Secretary Nielsen? Please.

And I'll be there. Congressman, thank you. Thank you, Roy. We will be there 100 percent. And all of the folks from the federal government that are around the table, they're confirming it. That's why we started early and we'll be here late.

And we want to thank the great job you've done and all of your people. Thank you very much.

I'd like to maybe ask Richard Burr to say a few words, your great senator who's done an incredible job. And then we're going to ask Thom Tillis to say a few words. These are two people that love this state and they love the country.

Richard?

Thank you, Richard, very much. And Thom?

Thank you very much. Thank you, Thom. Thank you. And for you leadership.

As Thom and Richard said, we're getting all teed up for a lot of money to come down to the area. You're going to need it. And we have it, and we will be supplying it. And there will be nothing left undone. You'll have everything you need.

So we're going to have -- it's going to be probably a rough two weeks, and then it will get a little bit softer. But it's going to be -- people don't realize how a very difficult phase is beginning probably today with a beautiful sunshine. So your two representatives and your -- by the way, your congressman, are working very hard. So we'll have it all taken care of. Thank you very much, Congressman. Thank you very much. Appreciate it very much. Great job.

Does anybody have anything to say? Any of our folks?

Administrator McMahon, would you say something please?

Thank you, Linda, very much. Anybody? Any questions? Statements? Congressman?

Appreciate it very much, Congressman.

Yes, please.

That's really nice. I appreciate it very much. The economy is, fortunately, doing really well, and I would say maybe the best economy our country has ever had. So that's important.

And we want to get everybody back to work so they can, you know, take  -- because this area has been very badly damaged. But we'll get it up and working again, Governor, very quickly. I have no doubt about it.

Anybody else? Anybody? Yes.

Hi, Jerry.

Great.

Thank you very much, Mayor. Appreciate it.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Excuse me?

Yes, please.

Good. Thank you very much. And how is Lake Norman, that area? How is that doing?

It's doing good?

I love that area. I can't tell you why, but I love that area.

It's been really terrific.

Yes.

Thank you. Great job, General. Appreciate it.

Okay. Thank you very much. Let's get back to work.