Well, thank you very much for coming today. It's my privilege to award our nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to a remarkable man, Jerry West. Jerry, I'd like to congratulate you on this tremendous achievement. And congratulations to your family. Congratulations, Jerry.

Fantastic.  We're delighted to be joined by Jerry's wife Karen and their wonderful family. And -- thank you very much, everybody. Look at that family, huh? You did a good job. It's beautiful. We're also pleased to have with us Senator Joe Manchin and Governor Jim Justice -- two terrific people.

Jim? Thank you. Stand up, Jim --  -- in case they can't see you. Now you can see him. That's great. Great to have you. Joe, thank you very much. Thank you both for being here. They're busy. They're very busy people, and I think we're going to meet on a certain subject later on, Joe. And that's good.

Jerry was born in Chelyan, West Virginia, in 1938, the fifth of six children. He grew up hiking in the woods, fishing in the clear water, and exploring the beautiful mountains of West Virginia -- a great, great state. I shouldn't say this, Joe, but I won it by 43 points.

That's a lot.

We love West Virginia. Probably helped you getting this award today.  When you come from West Virginia, we like you, Jerry. But more than anything else Jerry liked doing is playing basketball in West Virginia. And starting at age six, he taught himself on the dirt surfaces of his neighborhood's backyard.

When it rained, his sister would call him and say, it's called "the mud wallow." Do you remember that at all, Jerry? The "mud wallow."

But nothing ever stopped him. Jerry later reflected that, "Everything I did, I tried to do perfectly. Not just well, but perfectly." And it hasn't changed, I don't think, too much, has it? We ended a great, great senior year. Jerry spent it in high school with a West Virginia scoring record of 1,501 points.

Approximately 60 major colleges and universities tried to recruit Jerry, but he decided, very intelligently, to stay in West Virginia. And he went to West Virginia University in 1956. Donning his famous number "44" jersey, he set 17 Mountaineer records, was named the NCAA's Most Outstanding Player in 1959, and was a two-time consensus All-American.

Wow. West Virginia won 87 percent of the games in which Jerry was in the lineup and won the Southern Conference all three years he played varsity. After graduating, Jerry played on the 1960 USA Olympic Team, which swept every matchup, including a much-anticipated showdown with the Soviet Union. In that game, Jerry was the highest scorer, accounting for nearly a quarter of America's points.

And to this day, the Olympic Gold Medal is his most prized possession. Is that still so?

Well, that's pretty good, Jerry. You have plenty of possessions. I don't know, maybe we'll top it today. I don't know. We're going to see. Jerry then joined the Los Angeles Lakers; we all know that. And in the years that followed, he was to become a legend and made plays that will be remembered forever. I know many of them.

In a January 1962 game against the New York Knicks, Jerry scored nearly half of the Lakers' total, setting a personal scoring record of 63 points in less than 40 minutes. In Game 3 of 1962 Finals against the Celtics, Jerry rallied the Lakers and tried it. And tried very hard, I will tell you. He tried so hard, and that was a great rally, and he was up 115 to 115, with only three seconds left.

The Celtics had the ball, and Sam Jones -- he was a good one too, wasn't he, huh? Sam Jones. They're all good on that team. Passed to the legendary Bob Cousy, who was here a few weeks ago. And I don't know if he'd want this story told, so we won't; we'll tell it very quietly. But Jerry suddenly rushed forward, stole the ball before it reached Cousy, and made a layup in the final second to win the game.

In that iconic 1962 season, Jerry earned the nickname of "Mr. Clutch" -- a name that stuck. Over the course of his 14 NBA seasons, he broke the record for the most points scored in the history of the Lakers, was named the NBA Finals MVP, and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame. But perhaps the greatest commemoration of his legacy was the legendary playing career -- is the NBA Logo.

Today, the silhouette of Jerry West is displayed on every uniform, court, and basketball in the league. Still the same one, Jerry, right? Huh? We don't want them to change it, do we? Better not change it.

I don't know. You never know. After his playing career ended in 1974, Jerry went on to coach the Lakers for three seasons and later served as General Manager and Executive Vice President of Basketball Operations for nearly 20 years. In the summer of 1996, he succeeded in securing both Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal -- two truly great players -- creating an unstoppable force in the NBA. Under his management, the Lakers won four championships and he was named Executive of the Year in 1995. Jerry went on to serve as the President of Basketball Operations for the struggling Memphis Grizzlies, where he took them to the playoffs three times and was named Executive of the Year again in 2004. He then joined the executive board of the Warriors.

Recently, he became a consultant for the Clippers and helped sign Kawhi Leonard, who really has played -- he's some player. We were talking about that. And the combination of the two of them is going to be a very interesting season. I think you're pretty proud of that group, huh?

We're going to see. You had some great ones. Jerry is one of the greatest negotiators, managers, and executives in the history of the NBA. In addition to his sterling professional career, Jerry helped raise millions of dollars for charity in Los Angeles, contributed to a flood of relief efforts in West Virginia, and, generally, just incredible supporter of West Virginia and West Virginia University.

He has also brought awareness to the risks of atrial fibrillation. Oh, I didn't know that, Jerry. That's very good. That's big stuff for you, right? That's very good.

That's very good. And is a passionate supporter of our nation's veterans. Jerry works harder than just about anybody I can imagine, helping our nation's veterans. Jerry West is one extraordinary American. And I'd now like to ask the military aide to come forward and present Jerry Alan West with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

This is so richly deserved. Thank you very much. Thank you, Jerry. Congratulations.

Great job, Jerry.

Congratulations to Jerry. And also, Jonnie, congratulations on your marriage to a great golfer, Michelle Wie, who is here today. And thank you, Michelle, for being here. Thank you, everybody. It's a great honor. He's a great man, a great player. And you're going to be around a long time.

Thank you, Jerry, very much.