Well, thank you very much. Tomorrow is a very big day because tomorrow will represent 50 years from the time we planted a beautiful American flag on the moon. And that was an achievement -- possibly, one of the great -- considered one of the great achievements ever. And we're going a lot further now. We're going to the moon but we're then going to Mars.

And I think, very importantly -- and all of you folks know that, from a standpoint of defense, so important, where we're going to be doing the Space Force. I assume you guys are all a fan of the Space Force, right? I'd be very surprised if you weren't. But that's where it's at. We're going to be doing the Space Force.

We're very close to getting that completed and operating. It's going to be very exciting. So a lot of things are happening. We have with us, of course, Buzz Aldrin, who has been an incredible gentleman. I've known him for years, for a long time. And we've been friends for a long time. But just a fantastic, fantastic man.

And Michael Collins, you all know flew Apollo 11 overhead. And it's Aldrin and Armstrong, they walked on the moon. We have --

Huh?

Their Den Mother. Yeah, that's right.  That's -- and that's for sure. And you have Rick Armstrong; his son Mark. It's just incredible families. These are incredible space families. These are incredible men. And, honestly, I've gotten to know some of the women in the family. These are great women, great men.

And, frankly, great genes. But tomorrow is a big day. So tomorrow is a day where 50 years. And we also have Jim Bridenstine, and Jim is the head of NASA, as you know. And NASA has done a whole different -- it's a whole different thing. Jim Bridenstine is somebody that -- everybody wanted that job because there's a love for space that is unparalleled.

Mike Pence and myself felt strongly about Jim. We gave him the job, and he's surpassed many of our expectations. NASA is back. We're having rich guys use it and pay us rent. I like that. I almost like that better, Jim, if you want to know the truth. We don't have to put up so much money. But you've been watching a lot of rich guys sending up rockets, and that goes to our credit and it goes to their credit also.

But we like it. And we opened up our fields. When we took it over, they were all covered with grass, and they were broken and they were in bad shape. And NASA -- if you look at Kennedy, if you look down in Florida, you look -- wherever you want to look, it was not a pretty picture. They were almost, you could say, abandoned, and now they're in tip-top shape.

And rockets are going up all the time. And we would actually lease rockets from Russia and other countries -- but from Russia -- to send people up. And we appreciate the whole relationship with Russia, but we'll be doing it ourselves. We're in a position that we haven't been in for many, many years. And space, to me, is important for defense -- and offense, I guess you could say.

But space, to me, is very important for defense. It's not just about going to the moon and going to Mars, because we don't know what we're going to find on Mars, but it's certainly a trip that's going to be very interesting. To get to Mars, you have to land on the moon, they say. Any way of going directly without landing on the moon?

Is that a possibility?

So how long a trip to Mars? How long will it take?

What happens if you miss the timing? They're in deep trouble?

You don't want to be on that ship.

You don't want to be on the ship. Go ahead, tell me. What do you think?

Yeah, I guess, where you -- well, that's a long time. That's a long time. How do you feel about?

You like direct?

It seems, to me, Mars direct. I mean --

I mean, who knows better than these people, right?  They've been doing this stuff for a long time. What about the concept of Mars direct?

But, Jim, isn't true they haven't really landed that close to that portion of the moon that you're talking about?

So you feel that really landing on the moon first, and figuring it out and getting ready to launch, and you would like to -- you really feel launching -- you're essentially launching from the moon to Mars.

Right.

Just so you know, Jim Bridenstine, who was a great congressman, who was with me most of the time --  -- not all the time. It was not that easy a decision for me, but that's okay. You know that. You know what I'm talking about. And ultimately, once I got to know him and once he got to know me, it was a whole different ballgame.

And you've done a fantastic job. You really have.

And you love it.

And, more importantly, he loves it -- the reason he's doing well. Where's Mike? Mike Pence. Where is Mike?

Mike, come here.

Tell me what you think of the job Jim is doing, what NASA is doing. Tell me. Come on over here. What do you think of the job they're doing?

And maybe you could just -- where -- just, hold up your hands a little for the media to see, the family of Neil Armstrong. Where -- where is -- where is our family here?

Come on. Hold up your hands, because we want to just, sort of, segment it --

They're all sort of one family. What I want you to do -- good. Buzz? You're here.

Just introduce your family, please. That's your family.

That's right.

Yeah. Well, but they're watching.

So, do you have any questions, folks? One thing I think before we go, I do want to ask one question of either Mike or Jim. Private guys, wealthy guys, are spending a lot of money with you right now. A lot. I assume they are using the facilities, they're leasing the facilities, they're paying money to set off their rockets.

You can charge them a lot. They have so much, they don't know what to do with it. And they like rockets. Thank God I don't like rockets that much.  I like it -- I like it the way we're doing it.

But I also like it the way they're doing it. How much of the work that you're doing is privately financed? And -- because I see whether it's Bezos or -- I could name many. Okay?

You have many involved. How much of the work that you're doing is private versus government-funded and researched?

And what impact are you having on defense? Our defense industry.

Great. Fantastic job.

So, Michael Collins flew Apollo 11. What's the difference with -- it was a long time ago -- with that, and let's say, what they're doing today? Because you're abreast of what they're doing today, Michael.

So you like that whole concept?

Do you see a big advancement from so many years ago with Apollo 11? Do you see a tremendous advancement when you see what's happened? Like Elon Musk, I see where his propulsion system has come back to Earth. I had never seen that before. They come back standing up and that means you use them again, I guess.

But that was unthinkable a long time ago.

A dramatic .

Right. Dramatic.

Right.

Very good point. That's a very good point. Yes, Mike, go ahead.

Thank you very much, Mike. And, Buzz, maybe say a few words. You've been watching the space program very closely. You've been watching what we're doing. And what a career you've had. One of the great careers. What would you say?

Right.

They did.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Right.

How do you feel about that, Jim?

Right.

Well, I'd like to have you also listen to the other side because some people would like to do it a different way.

All right? So, you'll listen to Buzz and --

-- some of the other people, because they also feel --

I mean, I know this has been going on for a little while. And we're so advanced, but I would like to hear the other side also. Right?

Okay? I'd like to -- maybe say something on behalf of your family. Please. Great family.

Well, you have a great family. Thank you very much.

And, you know, one of the things: We're bringing the glamour back to it because it lost the glamour. It lost everything. If you would have seen these fields when we took over -- really, you started about a year, year and a half ago. When we took over, it was unbelievable. It looked like an abandoned town.

And now there's beauty. There's beauty, and there's a lot of things happening. A lot of really great things are happening. So we're very proud of that. Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Thank you.

Steve, go ahead.

No doubt about it, no. We shot it down and -- of course, I'm sitting here behind the desk in the Oval Office. But, John, tell me please. John Bolton, you're there.

No, not at all. We have the greatest people in the world. We have the great equipment in the world. We have the greatest ships -- most deadly ships. We don't want to have to use them, but they're the most deadly ships ever conceived. And we are not -- we hope, for their sake, they don't do anything foolish.

If they do, they will pay a price like nobody has ever paid a price. Okay? Thank you.

No. You know what I'm unhappy with?

Do you know what I'm un- --

Do you know what I'm unhappy with? I'm unhappy with the fact that a congresswoman can hate our country. I'm unhappy with the fact that a congresswoman can say anti-Semitic things. I'm unhappy with the fact that a congresswoman -- in this case, a different congresswoman -- can call our country and our people "garbage." That's what I'm unhappy with.

Those people in North Carolina -- that stadium was packed. It was a record crowd. And I could've filled it 10 times, as you know. Those are incredible people. Those are incredible patriots. But I'm unhappy when a congresswoman goes and said, "I'm going to be the President's nightmare." "She's going to be the President's nightmare." She's lucky to be where she is, let me tell you.

And the things that she has said are a disgrace to our country. Thank you very much, everybody.

A$AP Rocky is a situation in Sweden. Sweden is a great country. And they're friends of mine -- the leadership. And we are going to be calling. We'll be talking to him. We've already started. And many, many members of the African American community have called me -- friends of mine -- and said, "Could you help?" So, I personally don't know A$AP Rocky, but I can tell you that he has tremendous support from the African American community in this country.

And when I say "African American," I think I can really say "from everybody in this country" because we're all one. I have been called by so many people asking me to help A$AP Rocky. Actually, the one who knew about A$AP Rocky was our First Lady. Right? She was telling me about -- "Can you help A$AP Rocky?" Do you want to give a little statement on that?

If you'll --

We're going to see. So we've had a very good relationship with Sweden. He's being held, as you know, in Sweden. And we've had a very good relationship in Sweden. So, that's pretty much it. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Well, hopefully we're in good shape on the debt ceiling. The debt -- I can't imagine anybody ever even thinking of using the debt ceiling as a negotiating wager. When I first came into office, I asked about the debt ceiling. And I understand debt ceilings, and I certainly understand a -- the highest-rated credit ever in history in a debt ceiling.

And I said -- I remember -- to Senator Schumer and to Nancy Pelosi, "Would anybody ever use that to negotiate with?" They said, "Absolutely not." That's a sacred element of our country. They can't use the debt ceiling to negotiate. And don't forget: President Obama, during his eight years, he created -- he doubled the debt.

You take every President -- every President prior to President Obama -- he then took it and doubled the debt over $10 trillion. Ten trillion, with a "T", not a "B." Not a million, not a billion. President Obama put $10 trillion -- it doubled the debt. It was at 10, it went to 20, went to even above 20. And some of it is attributed to him, even that I assumed.

So when they start talking about using the debt ceiling as a wedge to negotiate for things that they want, they have told me very strongly they would never use that. That's -- that's a very, very sacred thing in our country -- debt ceiling. We can never play with it. So I would have to assume we're in great shape.

But just remember also, the previous administration doubled the debt in our country. You take all of the Presidents that came before -- doubled the debt from there. It's a pretty big statement. And certainly, it's a big statement to be talking about -- for that party to be talking about using the debt ceiling.

And I don't think they are. It's been mentioned, but I don't think they are. I don't think anybody would want to play that card. Steve, go ahead.

Good.

I like him. I like Boris Johnson. Boris -- I spoke to him yesterday.

I think he's going to do a great job. I think we're going to have a great relationship. I think they've done a very poor job with Brexit. I think the previous Prime Minister has done a very bad job with Brexit. What can I say? I mean, it's a disaster. And it shouldn't be that way. I think Boris will straighten it out.

I like Boris Johnson. I always have. He's a different kind of a guy. But they say I'm a different kind of a guy, too. We get along well. I think we'll have a very good relationship. Thank you.

Yeah. There is ongoing tension between Japan and Korea. In fact, the President of Korea asked me if I could get involved. I said, "How many things do I have to get involved in?" I'm involved with North Korea -- on helping. You know, I'm involved in so many different things. We just did a trade deal -- a great trade deal -- with South Korea.

But he tells me that they have a lot of friction going on now with respect to trade -- primarily with respect to trade. And Japan has some things that South Korea wants, and he asked me to get involved. So maybe if they would both want me to, I'll be. It's like I'm -- it's like a full-time job getting involved between Japan and South Korea.

But I like both leaders. I like President Moon. And you know how I feel about Prime Minister Abe. He's a very special guy, also. So if they need me, I'm there. Hopefully they can work it out. But they do have tension, there's no question about it. Trade tension. Okay? Thank you. Thank you, everybody.