Hello. How are you? Okay. She's good.

Well, I do. And he was so nice to me. And I said, "I'd love you to open up something in Texas or someplace in the U.S." And he's a great gentleman, a great businessman. And he's really an artist. To me, Bernard is an artist. And what he's done is incredible, not only here, but in terms of the branding -- the world of brands.

And it's an honor to have him in Texas. And he's going to be very happy.

Well, I can't tax him because he moved to the United States. So he was --

He was way ahead. I actually did discuss it. He has no tariffs whatsoever because he's in the United States. So we're very happy about that. Very happy.

Well, that's a different story, but --

But they owe us a lot of money. Thank you very much.

No, I didn't. I wasn't able to see it.

No, I didn't. I heard he -- somebody said he did a very nice job.

You know what I've been focused on today, very much? All of this, and also, if you look, Turkey and the great thing that happened in Syria. I don't know. But Mick is a good man. I don't know. I have not heard anything about that.

I have a lot of confidence.

I think this is beautiful. I really think this is beautiful. I think the plant is incredible, and a great company. Thank you very much.

I know Rick has been with me three years. He's right here. He's with us, right here. And he's been outstanding. And we already have his replacement. Rick has a done a fantastic job in energy. But it was time. Yeah, three years is a long time. And he'll be leaving toward the end of the year -- at the end of the year.

But his -- in fact, I was going to announce it tonight at the rally in Texas.

We have the man that we're going to -- it's a man, in this case, we're going to be putting in Rick's place. We'll be announcing it very shortly. Okay? How are you? How are you? Good job, you do.

This is a great deal. This is a great deal for Texas and for our country. And to have this incredible company and brand in Texas is an honor for all us.

Well, we're very happy. And I want to thank President Erdoğan of Turkey. I want to thank all of the leaders of the Kurds. Many people came into store for this. And it was unconventional, but they saw that was not working out, what they were doing. And we're very happy with the way that worked out. Very, very successful.

And now, over the next number of days, things are going to happen that are going to be very positive. There's a lot of goodwill going on right now in Turkey with the Kurds and with everybody involved. Many, many people are involved. But I want to thank Mike Pence. I want to thank Mike Pompeo. They did a fantastic job.

All of my representatives who went over there two days ago, late in the evening, and got there -- and not easy to do, and little bit dangerous to do, also -- they did a fantastic job.

Yeah, I do. I think it'll all work out now. I think they needed an unconventional touch. And I am very unconventional, right?

No, I knew six months ago. He told me at the end of the year he'd like to go. And he's got some ideas for doing something else. He's a terrific guy. He's here with us now. Here's here. He's right here.

With what? Rick?

No, no. Rick and I have been talking for six months. In fact, I thought he might go a little bit sooner. But he's got some very big plans. He's going to be very successful. We have his successor. We'll announce it pretty soon.

He'd be a good one.

I'll tell you, he would be a -- they would be both be very good. No, it's not. But they both would be very good.

No, I think it was terrible. I think it was a terrible thing.

Well, maybe we have a better President than you do.

Thank you very much. Thank you.