So we were going to take a helicopter to Emerald Isle in North Carolina, which was hit very, very hard. Atlantic Beach was hit very hard. Certain areas were really hit. The Governor is with me. Roy, thank you very much for being here.

The Governor was standing in the rain for a long time, along with a lot of talented people that have really helped us a lot. Lindsey, I'm glad you're here with us, and we appreciate it very much. And Kevin is here someplace.

Where's -- hello, Kevin. Thank you. Thank you for being here. We have a big rally tonight for Dan Bishop. I was going to go from Emerald Isle right back into the rally, but now we'll be very early for our rally. That's the one thing. But it was, I guess, Roy, they say very dangerous flying conditions. I said, "Let's do it anyway." They said, "Sir, we'd rather not." So, I said, "Okay, I'll take your word for it." The greatest pilots in the world.

We will be spending a little time. We're going to be given a presentation as to what's happening in North Carolina and a little bit about a couple of the other places. I just spoke to Governor Henry McMaster, and they're in great shape in South Carolina. They've done a really good job. Roy, maybe I could ask you to say a few words --

-- and what you need from the federal government.

Right. They've done a great job.

That's right.

Right. We will do that.

We'll look into that.

Good. We'll you've done a great job. Thank you very much, Roy.

Erik, would you like to say something?

Thank you very much.

They've been so incredible. I've always said, for the last three or four years, there's no brand that has gone up more than the United States Coast Guard. In Texas, they saved thousands and thousands of lives. They've done a job like I've never seen. Then you went to Florida. Then you went to Puerto Rico.

Then you went back here. And the job you've done in the Bahamas has been incredible. So please extend my wishes to everybody, Admiral. Would you like to say something?

Yeah.

You've done a fantastic job. How are the new Coast Guard cutters?

But they're great. They're both great.

It's what you needed, right?

We got them. We got them. They were getting very old. Now you have brand new beauties, right?

That's very good.

Kevin, would you guys like to say something?

Good. Pete?

And I have to say, Ron DeSantis and Brian Kemp and -- Henry has been fantastic in South Carolina. Henry McMaster and yourself. The governors have really done a fantastic job. They've worked. Whether it's Republican, Democrat, doesn't matter. In this case, we're talking about one that's on the other side, and the relationship was perfect, right?

We have a really good relationship. And we're working to get it all together. I want to say that FEMA, first responders, law enforcement has been incredible. Really on the ball. And they were ready in Puerto Rico. Everybody thought it was going to hit Puerto Rico, and we were all set. And, fortunately, it missed Puerto Rico.

What it did to the Bahamas is incredible. And the government of the Bahamas has asked us to help. And we have a lot of assets over there, right now, trying to help. That's really a life-saving mission, when you get right down to it. But the Coast Guard and FEMA and all of you have done a fantastic job. Would you like to say anything in front of the camera?

Okay. Lindsey Graham, please?

Well, thanks. You've done a great job. Thank you, Lindsey, very much. And, Leader, what do you think? You're working, I know, with the Democrats, and we're getting things approved rapidly. How's it going?

Thank you very much, Kevin. And, Admiral, thank you for keeping me in touch. He was with me all the way. No matter where I went, the Admiral was right there. And you let us know. And we were able to do a lot of good by being there. So, thank you. Would you have anything to say, Admiral?

So, people are unaware of the fact, for the most part, that the Bahamas is a much bigger place than people would understand, than most people would understand. So you're actually moving large numbers of people into safer areas and areas that weren't affected in the Bahamas by the hurricane.

Right.

That's great. They've really done a great job. Thank you very much. So, we have now people standing on line, trying to get into the arena. And I will tell you that they are soaking wet, because Roy and everybody just walked under the plane, and you folks were wet. It is bad weather out there. But we have a tremendous crowd, and we're going to be there in a little while.

We're going over a little bit earlier than anticipated. So, I hope you're going to be able to join us, and we'll have some fun. It's going to be a good rally. Yes.

It's true.

And I think it's really important to say, Mexico has passed it, Canada has passed it. The USMCA is vital for our country, the economics of our country. You have two countries that have gone through the process fully. And we're waiting for an approval from the House. I think the Senate will approve it rapidly.

So we hope they can get that moving. It's a great thing for us. The farmers -- even the unions are really liking it a lot. And we're going to make certain little changes. But Bob Lighthizer is dealing with Nancy Pelosi. I think they're getting along very well. Steve Mnuchin is involved. And hopefully they can get a vote on that very quickly -- the USMCA. Very important.

Thank you. Okay. Thank you, folks. Thank you all very much. Thank you.