Thank you very much. It's great to have everybody with us. And I'm honored to welcome the Secretary General of NATO on a very, very big birthday and anniversary -- 70th. Mr. Secretary General, congratulations on your extension -- something that very important to us, and to me, and to everybody. Over the past two years, the Secretary General and I have developed a very strong working relationship.

It's been as good as it can be. We're both committed to ensuring that NATO can address the full range of threats facing the Alliance today. And there are many threats. And I think, also, we've had and really taken many great steps forward. The United States alone accounts for the vast majority of NATO defense spending.

And we really cannot rely on one nation to defend all. If you look at it, the disproportionality of what the United States is doing is really too great, but we're working on that. Over $100 billion in new defense spending by the end of, actually, I think, this year, but it could be 220 . But I think, by 2020, I think we'll have at least another $100 billion spent by the Allies, the other countries, the 27 countries outside of ourselves.

As we discussed in our meeting just now, we've increased the member contributions. And that will help, really, with the pressing security challenges, including terrorism, which we've really increased the scope of NATO. We said, you know, we have a new world problem that's not so new anymore, but it's called terrorism.

Different than when you were originally founded. A much different problem. It's a horrible problem. It's people that don't wear uniforms and they're hard to figure out. But we've been very successful in Syria. We've got now 100 percent of the caliphate. We did it very rapidly; much faster than I was told it could be done.

A lot of people did a fantastic job. So I just want to thank you very much for being here, Mr. Secretary General. It's been an honor to work with you. I would like you to extend my thanks to all of the Allies. They have really put up a lot more money than they have in the past. I was explaining inside that, if you looked at a chart -- prior to our getting here -- NATO's spending was going way, way down.

It was just a one-way road down. And since I became President, and with the help of Mike Pence and everybody -- a lot of the people at this table -- the difference has been tremendous. It's been a rocket ship up, and we have to keep it that way. So thank you very much. And, please, would you like to say a few words?

Well, thank you very much. And I will say -- you mentioned Afghanistan. I think we've made a lot of great strides recently in Afghanistan. It's -- we call it the "endless war." Nineteen years. The real number is 19 years. It's unfortunate. It's ridiculous. And it's been a very interesting period of time.

But we've made a lot of strides. A lot of things are happening in Afghanistan that are very positive. So we'll see how that all comes out. And I appreciate your help. And Vice President Mike Pence, would you say a few words, please?

That is true. That is definitely true. Thank you, Mike. Pat?

Right.

We do indeed. John Bolton?

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you.

China is going very well.

Thank you very much, everybody.