Thank you very much, everybody. We've had a very big day in the stock market today, as you know. That will be 133 days where we set a new record. And that's fantastic. Our jobs numbers have come in fantastically well -- really well. And we're with some of our great governors and other leaders of areas of our country that are doing incredible things.

We're talking about a lot of deregulation. We're talking about various tax cuts and various tax incentives so they continue onward with what they're doing. But this is a meeting that was set up and was set up a while ago. And I think they're very happy about the fact that we have cut regulations like nobody in the history of our country.

We have -- in less than three years, we've cut more regulations than any President for their full term, or terms -- or, in one case, it's beyond two terms. We know who that is, Asa, right?  In one case, you had a little longer than the eight. And we've cut more than any President ever, and we're going to cut a lot more.

And we have a -- we wanted to do one for two, and we're going to be probably one for ten or twelve by the time we finish. I think we're at about one for eight right now. So we've done some things that are pretty -- pretty amazing. We have a lot of military areas represented at the table. And those areas are doing very well; they're thriving too.

As an example: Alaska. But they're really thriving. And our whole country is thriving. It's thriving like never before. The jobs numbers are incredible -- best in 51 years. And I think soon we're going to be able to say "historic." If we go a little bit lower, we'll say, "In the history of our country, the best job numbers." With African Americans, with Asian Americans, and Hispanic Americans we actually have the best in the history of our country.

Best job numbers, best unemployment numbers, and the best employment numbers too. There is a slight difference. More people are working today in the United States than at any time ever in our history. We were almost up to 160 million people; we've never been close. So that's something really good. I think what we'll do is we're going to go around the room quickly and say a few words about the area represented or the state represented.

And I'll start off with our great Vice President, Mike Pence, and then we'll go around perhaps. Governor, we'll start with you, okay?

Good. Thank you, Mike, very much. Brad?

You did well.

That's fantastic. That's great.

Right.

That's right.

Right.

Good. Great job. Thank you very much, Brad. Pete?

Right.

That's a long time.

Right.

Any word on the pipeline permits?

All right. Good. Thank you very much, Pete. Please. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. Please.

Right.

So what's going to happen when they want to shut you down?

You better bank on me.

You're my friend, Jim. You have no choice.

It's true.

That's right.

Right. That's what I hear.

And we're doing well out there, I understand.

That's good. Thank you very much, Jim. Please. Asa?

Yeah.

Thank you, Asa.

You're doing a great job. Great job. Gene?

Yeah.

Right.

Very good. Thank you very much, Gene. And I have to say, Governor-elect Tate Reeves, he -- we spent a couple of days with you and -- governor-elect of a wonderful state, Mississippi. And he won, and he won easily. It was a tough race, it was a tight race, and people were watching it closely. And when he won easily, they don't cover it. Why don't they -- why is that?

They didn't mention a thing. But that's okay; they know in your state. But you're going to do a fantastic job, and we appreciate you being here, Tate. Congratulations. That was a great race. You really ran a great one. It was pretty even, and he won by seven -- and won by a lot. And we appreciate you being here.

Go ahead, please.

I guess. I guess, yeah. Can I use it?

Yeah.

Good job. Good job, Tate.

Appreciate it. Russ? You want to say something?

Great. Thank you very much. Eric?

That's great. Wow.

Big difference.

Big difference.

Great job you're doing. Thank you very much. David?

That's great.

That's great. Thank you very much, David. Please, Governor, go ahead.

It's true. Every time. Every time.

And now logging -- we did a big thing on logging.

And we did a very big thing on ANWR, which is potentially the biggest in the world. We'll see what it is ultimately, but it's potentially the biggest site in the world. So it'll be very interesting to see how that turns out. Great job. Thank you very much. Anybody else? Would anybody like to say? Would you like to say something?

Go ahead.

Thanks, Senator.

And you have a lot of car company expansions, and you're doing really good.

I know that. I know it very -- I've been pushing it very hard. That's good. Kristi?

Right.

Right.

It's a great place. And you also are going to have a very exciting Fourth of July.

Right.

For many years -- for many years, the fireworks --

Well, we're going to think about it. Mount Rushmore. They ended the fireworks. How many years ago? A long time.

Nobody knows why, but you just couldn't have it. And now you're going to have fireworks. And the Governor called, and she said, "You got to do me a favor." Right?

And we worked it out. And we got it done. And you're going to have fireworks. And I appreciate what you said on the trade deals. They're incredible deals.

And they're big. And they're big. And every once in a while, you'll hear a critic. There's never been deals like this made. But you have some globalists -- you know, they want us to lose money. Sometimes you have a globalist get on -- I watch it: "Who cares about the United States? Let's lose money." I'm the opposite.

When I have deficits -- I don't like deficits. You have some people that don't mind deficits. The deficits -- I don't like factories closing and plants closing in this country, going to another country, taking our jobs. So, I've never really been one to want to put up with it even. I've been watching it for -- it's probably one of the reasons I'm President.

I've watched that for so many years, where your factories and your plants all over -- whether it's Indiana or any other state. Even you, Asa. Right? I mean, once and a while, they'll close one over there. But it was -- the fact is, I would watch as they close plants, everybody gets fired. They move to Mexico or some other place, including China.

And, in China, they don't move; they just buy the product. And some people are happy. But, no, not me. We keep our jobs. They're moving back. The agreement is very tough. The USMCA is very, very tough. It's very hard to move. Economically, it makes it really prohibitive to get out. And it was very important to me. But no, I'm not a globalist.

I love this country, and we're going to take care of our country. The deal with China is a massive deal, from a manufacturing standpoint. But the farmers -- I mean, the farmers, I guess, maybe will be the --

-- biggest beneficiary of all. You see that already.

And China has already started to buy. I told them -- four, five weeks ago it looked like we were going to get to a deal. I said, "Start buying now. You're going to start buying now." And they did. And they were doing a lot of business with the farmers and China. And so the deal will be finalized over the next couple of weeks.

It's actually -- translation is the biggest thing. The deal was finished, but the translation is very important.  I said, "Make sure you have the right translators." Because you can lose a lot with bad translation.

So we're working on getting that done, but it's going to be a really a big --

-- it's going to be a -- and I think you already see it. I think most of you see that now with China, right? They've already come in and they're buying -- they're buying very big. So, anyway. We have a tremendously successful country. I think, economically, it's the most successful it's ever been. Our military is totally rebuilt.

Our vets are being taken care of. We have Choice and we have Accountability. You know, people don't talk about Accountability. We had a situation in Arizona where you couldn't fire people. They did horrible things and you couldn't fire them. Now you can fire them. And it took -- 55 years, they've been trying to get that approved and they couldn't. And we got it approved.

That means that -- people are bad, they don't treat our vets well, they don't treat them with respect -- they get fired. That's the way it is. And more than 8,000 people have been let go that were -- were not good for us, were not good for the vets. And they've been trying to do this for decades and they couldn't get it. So we got Accountability done.

And we have Choice done. Choice is a big deal. From your standpoint, it's a big -- most of you -- all of you have big vet areas -- everyone in this room. But now you can -- you can tell somebody, if he's got to wait two weeks to see a doctor -- or four weeks or nine weeks, in some cases; it's the craziest thing -- you go right outside, you see a doctor -- a local doctor.

You pick the doctor. We pay the bill. And they get -- they're better. We've had cases where they had to wait so long. They were just -- not very sick. Pretty routine stuff. They end up terminally ill because they couldn't get to see a doctor. So we finally got Choice done. And they've been trying that one for 44 years.

For 44 years, they've been trying to get Choice done. And we got it done. So, the vets are very happy with us. Big on Second Amendment. This is a big Second Amendment group. I think, for the most part, I can say that. I don't think anybody is going to raise their hand and fight me on that one, Jim.

But this is a big Second Amendment room -- these governors, every one of them. And we're very strong on our Second Amendment. So, our country is doing fantastically well. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much.

We're watching it. We'll see. I'd be disappointed if something would be in the works. And if it is, we'll take care of it. But we'll see. We're watching it very closely. We're watching North Korea -- we're watching many places, actually, very closely. But North Korea, we are watching very closely.

Oh, not too much, but he's a very great crime fighter. He was probably the greatest crime fighter over the last 50 years. Very smart. He was the best mayor in the history of the city of New York. He's a great person who loves our country. And he does this out of love, believe me. He does it out of love. He sees what goes on. He sees what's happening.

He sees all of the hoax that happens when they talk about impeachment hoax or the Russian collusion delusion. And he sees it and he's a -- he's a great gentleman. And he was, again, the greatest mayor in the history of New York, and probably the greatest crime fighter in the last 50 years. He knows what he's doing.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.