Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have the First Lady of Venezuela. She's been through a tremendous -- she's been through a lot, let's put it that way. She's been through what people don't want to have to go through and should never have to go through. Her husband is a tremendous man who is working so hard.

And it's very dangerous. It's dangerous stuff. We hear what's going on. We know exactly what's going on. Our Vice President, Mike, was there for a period of time and got to know your husband very well. But I just want to say we're going to have a terrific conversation; we already have. And a lot of progress is being made.

With all of the problems, a tremendous amount of progress is being made. Venezuela was a country with tremendous potential and is still a country with tremendous potential. But people are starving. They're being killed. They're being beaten. What's going there is unfathomable to everybody that sees and everybody that gets reports.

We're getting reports that are horrible. The potential of Venezuela, if done properly and with democracy, would be incredible. It was one of the richest companies -- certainly one of the truly rich countries of the world, and now it's one of the poorest countries of the world. If you look at what's happened: Despite oil -- the oil is not coming out.

Everything is broken. They have no water. They have no electric. They have -- the lights are out. In fact, I understand, just today they had a big blackout. So we're very much in contact with your husband and with everybody else. And a lot of things are happening. Many things are happening. So, just in concluding, I want to say, again, to have you and your friends and representatives with us has been incredible.

I know that you've also suffered tremendously. And I'd like you maybe to say a few words. But, please, First Lady? I'd love to have you say a few words to the media.

Thank you very much. That's very well said. Beautifully said. I appreciate it. Could you tell us about your husband? Something happened that's very terrible.

So they took him and he's in prison now?

Do you know where he is?

No communication whatsoever?

Okay. We are with Venezuela. We are with your husband, as you know. And we are with the people that he represents, which is a big, big majority of the country. What's happening there should not happen and be allowed to happen anywhere. So we're with you 100 percent, okay? Please give my regards. It'll all work out.

It's all going to work out. It always does. We're going to get it to work out. Thank you very much. It'll be fine. Steve?

Russia has to get out. What's your next question?

Say it?

Well, they've got a lot of pressure right now. They have no money. They have no oil. They have no nothing. They have plenty of pressure right now. So we'll see. They have no electricity. And other than military, you can't get any more pressure than they have. Unfortunately, a lot of people are starving.

They don't take the aid; Maduro won't take aid. We've sent hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of aid to the border. He won't take the aid. He'd rather have his people starve than take the aid. I don't think that's good, even from a political standpoint. Even from a dictator's standpoint, I don't think that's good.

But there's a lot of pressure on them right now.

We'll see. We'll see. All options are open. All -- just so you understand, all options are open. Go ahead.

All options are open. Yeah.

I'm not going to tell them anything. They'll make their own decision.

They know. They know very well. They know very well. Go ahead. Next question.

No, look, we're not talking about healthcare right now, but I will. The Republican Party is the -- and you will see this very soon. Because Obamacare is a disaster. It's too expensive, by far. People can't afford it. And the deductible is horrible. So the premiums cost too much. The deductible is horrible.

The only difference between now and the other administration is that we're administering Obamacare very well. So we've made it better. But it's still horrible, no good. It's something that we can't live with in this country because it's far too expensive for the people, not only for the country, but I'm not even thinking about for the country.

It's too expensive. The premiums are too expensive. People are going broke trying to pay for it. And the deductibles are averaging over $7,000. So you have to spend $7,000 before you get anything. That's a very unusual circumstance. So the deductibles are way too high. Obamacare is a disaster. So we're going to be the party -- and I said it yesterday, and I mean it 100 percent -- I understand healthcare now, especially, very well.

A lot of people don't understand it. We are going to be -- the Republicans -- the party of great healthcare. The Democrats aren't. They've let you down. They came up with Obamacare. It's terrible. I got rid of the individual mandate. That was the worst part of Obamacare, because people were forced to pay a lot of money to get healthcare that they didn't want.

Okay? Now they don't have to pay that money. People are, all over this country, thanking me. Every time I go out, they thank me. They don't have to pay a vast amount of money to have bad healthcare. So we got rid of the individual mandate. That was a big thing. We will -- you watch -- we're going to be the party of great healthcare.

And the Democrats have let you down. They've really let you down. Obamacare doesn't work. It's too expensive. And the -- you take a look at everything with deductibles; it's a disaster. It's a disaster for our people. We're not going to allow it to go. So we're coming up with plans. We have a lawsuit right now going, where phase one of the lawsuit terminates Obamacare -- essentially terminates Obamacare.

You know that. That's the Texas lawsuit. We think it will be upheld, and we think it will do very well in the Supreme Court. And if the Supreme Court rules that Obamacare is out, we will have a plan that's far better than Obamacare. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you.

No timeline.

No timeline.

I greatly appreciate that she's here. And she's been a tremendous representative for her country.

And she's meeting tomorrow with the First Lady of the United States, in Florida. They're meeting tomorrow.

I'll tell you, the -- if you look at what we're doing, you will see a commitment that few people have made. And, frankly, this didn't have to happen in Venezuela. Past administrations, right here, should have been more forward-thinking. This should never have happened in Venezuela. This is a tragedy. You know, we're fighting all over the world for countries.

We're 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 miles away. They never did anything with respect to Venezuela. Past administrations allowed this to happen. I've inherited a mess, between North Korea and all of the problems we have all over the world -- the entire Middle East and Venezuela. These are things that never -- they never should have happened.

They never should have allowed to get to this point. But I'll fix it. We're fixing it all over the world. That's what we're going to do. Just like, in a different sense, we are going to fix healthcare, we're going to fix a lot of problems that nobody else was able to do. And we just left, as you know, the Prime Minister of Israel.

They're having a lot of hard times over there right now. But the Golan Heights, which every President promised they'd do, they never did. I did that -- not only with respect to the Jerusalem and the embassy, but also now the Golan Heights. They desperately need it. It was good timing. They desperately need it. They need the Heights.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.