Thank you very much, everybody. Great honor. Oh, that beautiful music. I can't talk over that music.  It's too good. It's too good. We'll let them finish out. Very good. And thank you very much. It's a great honor, and I'm delighted to be here tonight with so many of my Irish friends.

I have a lot of Irish folks in this room. And we have a lot of people that wanted to be here very specifically for that reason. We celebrate St. Patrick's Day and honor thriving Irish American partnerships that we have all over this country. Some of you came all the way from the Emerald Isle to be with us this evening.

Many of you, actually. Many of you. Others came from a little known island called Manhattan. And no matter where you began your journey, we're grateful that you made it and you're really welcome to be at the White House. This is a very spectacular place. I've lived in a lot of locations. I have lived in a lot of places.

And, Melania, I think we have to say, this tops it, right?

This tops it. On behalf of the First Lady, I'd like to thank Taoiseach. Leo, you are really something. We've gotten to know each other over the last couple of years. Very special guy. And also, Dr. Matthew Barrett for joining us tonight. Thank you, Matthew. You here someplace? Thank you very much.

Where's -- thank you, Matthew, very much. Appreciate it. Also, I want to give a very special thank-you to a very proud American, but he's also very proud to have a lot of Irish blood in him, and that's our Vice President, Mike Pence. You have a lot in you. How much? You have a lot, right?

Almost the whole deal?

Pretty -- pretty close. Along with his wonderful sister, who I just met, Annie. Thank you, Annie, for being here, wherever you may be. Thank you very much, Annie. We also are grateful to be joined by Ireland's Ambassador to the United States, Daniel Mulhall, and his wife Greta. Thank you very much, Daniel.

Thank you. My thanks as well to three Irish American Supreme Court justices in attendance. One of them has a little less of the Irish blood, but they're all great.  Justice Gorsuch, Justice Kavanaugh, and Justice Kennedy. And we appreciate very much, wherever you are. Great.

Really great. Doing a fantastic job. Several members of Congress are also here for the festivities, and all of the members of Congress, wherever you may be -- there are too many of you to name. I hate to do that to you. You're going to go home, you're never going to vote for Trump again.  But that's okay.

I may be better off. Right?  We're also pleased to have many members of my Cabinet with us, including Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who's doing a fantastic job; Attorney General Bill Barr, Mrs. Barr. Thank you very much. Thank you. Ambassador Robert Lighthizer. He's not busy enough.

He's negotiating with China. He's negotiating with South Korea, Japan. We just heard about Japan. Japan is now negotiating. They haven't wanted to negotiate for many years, but now they're negotiating. It's called "tariffs." Tariffs are a very, very great way of getting people to the table. And Japan has been terrific -- Prime Minister Abe. Just have completed a deal with Mexico.

The USMCA with Mexico and with China -- with Mexico and with Canada. And the China deal is going along incredibly well. We'll see what happens, but we're very deep. And where is Bob Lighthizer? Is he around, or is he still -- I think he's just a big negotiating machine.  I can't imagine -- I can't imagine that he's even here.

But, Bob, if you are here, you're doing a great job. We'll have news on China -- probably one way or the other, we're going to know over the next three to four weeks. And if that one gets done, it will be something that people are going to be talking about for a long time, and because we have been really taken advantage of for a long time.

And now, I think China, frankly, is -- they've been very responsible and very reasonable. Let's see what happens. This year, on March 17th, from Boston to Chicago, to the Emerald City of Seattle, and dozens of other cities and towns in between, millions of Americans will celebrate the legendary history and the rich heritage of the inspiring Irish people.

I know many Irish people and they are inspiring. They're sharp, they're smart, they're great, and they are brutal enemies, right?  So you have to keep them as your friend. Always keep them as your friend. You don't want to fight with the Irish. It's too tough. Too -- it's too bloody.  In my hometown of New York City, St. Patrick's Day -- for years and years, I've gone to St. Patrick's Day; my father and mother would take me -- is one of the most important holidays of the year and the greatest parade of the year.

During the parade this weekend, Fifth Avenue will become a beautiful sea of green, and marchers make their way past the famous and very beautiful St. Patrick's Cathedral. To me, one of the most beautiful places in the country. At the White House, we celebrate this holiday with today's event, the annual presentation of the Shamrock Bowl.

And I won't tell you who's getting it. It's a big surprise.  Okay? It's a very big surprise. I want to keep all the television back there -- we want to keep them in suspense. This tradition began almost 70 years ago, when Ireland's first Ambassador to the United States, John Joseph Hearne, gave President Harry Truman a small box of shamrocks in 1952. Tonight, we accept this gift as a symbol of the enduring friendship with Ireland and its amazing people -- people that we love.

The Irish are confident, fierce, faithful, tough, and true. They never give up; they never give in. Do you give in? Does anybody here give in? Huh? I don't think so. Since the time of the Revolutionary War, the sons and daughters of Ireland have played a central role in the history of our country. On Christmas night 1776, a Bostonian of Irish descent, General Henry Knox, directed General George Washington's famous Crossing of the Delaware.

During the Civil War, more than 150,000 Irishmen valiantly fought to preserve our union. And they fought hard. This very building -- our nation's beloved White House -- was designed by Irish architect, James Hoban. In 1974 -- in 1794, when Catholic Irish workers in Washington, D.C. needed a place to pray, they founded a church -- now the oldest parish in Washington, D.C. -- and it's called St. Patrick's. Every year on St. Patrick's Day, we honor Ireland's patron saint and his life of selfless service to others.

Today, we also honor the many Irish American firefighters, soldiers, police officers, doctors, nurses, teachers, priests, and countless others who carry on St. Patrick's blessed legacy of service. Tonight, we are thrilled to have so many members of the Irish community with us at the White House for this celebration.

So many people wanted to be here and they couldn't because we wanted to make room for you. So we just said, "Don't come."  Through trial and triumph, ups and downs, thick and thin, the extraordinary Irish people have stood by America's side, and America will always stand by theirs. And I have to say -- and I have to say that we have literally never had a better relationship with Ireland than we do right now based on the relationship that we have.

But we're doing trade. We're doing many, many things with Ireland. And it's been a -- it's been a wonderful friendship. Never been stronger than it is today. We thank the Taoiseach for his honored gift of good luck and goodwill. And we wish all Americans and our great friends in Ireland, many of whom are watching right now, a very, very Happy St. Patrick's Day. I'd like to invite the Taoiseach to begin the presentation of this year's Shamrock Bowl.

And I just want to say it's an honor to be with you, and enjoy yourself, enjoy your evening. And let's present the trophy to President Trump.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much.