Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to be with my friend, the President of Egypt. And he is a real leader. He's done some things that are absolutely amazing in a short period of time. When he took over not so long ago, it was in turmoil. And it's not in turmoil now. So, I just want to say: We have a long-term, great relationship.

It's better than ever before. We're doing a lot of trading, a lot of business. We're talking about many different locations like Libya. I think Libya might just be a subject that we're going to be discussing. I have a feeling. And the relationship is great. It's great to have you. Thank you very much, Mr. President.

Yes.

Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Louder, please.

Demonstrations?

No, I guess everybody has demonstrations. Even your best friend in the whole world, President Obama, he had a lot of demonstrations. No, I'm not -- I'm not concerned with it. Egypt has a great leader. He's highly respected. He's brought order. Before he was here, there was very little order. There was chaos.

And so I'm not worried about that at all.

No, we're doing very well with China. We are way up. Our stock market is up many, many, many trillions of dollars, and our country's worth is up many trillions of dollars. And China is down many trillions of dollars. If my opponent had won the election, China's economy would have surpassed the United States by now.

And with me, there's a tremendous difference. We're way number one, and China is number two. And China is going to do fine. We're talking to China. We have very serious conversations coming up, Steve. You might want to talk about that for just one second.

China wants to make a deal. They have a lot of people that don't have jobs now because their supply chain is broken. And we'll see what happens. But they're also starting to buy our agricultural product. They're making a big move toward buying our actual -- you know, our product, and the ag product. And I appreciate that very much.

I was telling people to tell President Xi we appreciate it. But they are starting to buy our agricultural product. And China wants to make a deal. We'll see what happens.

I don't want to say that. Go ahead.

Well, Emmanuel is a friend of mine. And he can always have a meeting. And we've had to turn down many meetings, because for some reason, everybody wants to meet with us. And I consider it a great honor. But they want to meet. The United States is doing really well. Everybody wants to meet with the United States.

We can't do everybody. So we've turned down, unfortunately, far more than we can do. We've had a lot of meetings today -- the bilats. But Egypt is a very special place, a very important place. I think you have the largest population anywhere in your part of the world, by far.

And my wife was there, and she took these beautiful pictures with the pyramids in the back. She loved the pyramids. She was in love with the pyramids. And you treated her so nicely. But the First Lady was there with a group. And those pyramids are something very special. The pictures were something she'll never forget.

That was really good. Okay.

Sure.

Okay. Steve?

We don't need a mediator. Iran wants to do something, and I don't think we need a mediator. He's a friend of mine. But we're not looking for any mediators. They know who to call.

Well, we have no meeting scheduled. Somebody said they'd like to meet. There was some talk about Yemen. All of the sudden, they want to get out of Yemen. That's a good thing. I just heard that a little while ago, as you probably heard it. We'll see what happens. But we have nothing scheduled at this moment.

I never rule anything out. Why would I do that?

Well, they're starting to buy a lot of our ag product. But, Steve, could you maybe --

Why was that our request? Just out of curiosity.

Yeah, but I want them to buy farm products.

They've committed to buy a lot of agriculture, and they're going to start, and they've started. And we should get them over there as soon as possible so they can start buying. But they have already started buying, as you know and as you've heard, a lot of product from our farmers, our ranchers. Okay?

Thank you very much. Thank you everybody.