Thank you very much. And I think what we do -- this is a meeting on opioid and the tremendous effect that's taken place over the last little period of time. And I'm very proud of it and the people working so hard on it. But I thought what I'd do is ask Secretary Wilkie to give a statement as to what just happened with respect to Choice and the VA, because I think it's a very, very big deal. Robert?

Yes, it is. It's Choice.

VA Choice.

So, for 44 years, they've been trying to get it, and we got it. And they're loving it, I hear.

That's a tremendous testament.

Congratulations.

Come here. I'm proud of you. That's a fantastic job.

I'm proud of you. Thank you very much. Kellyanne?

I heard that.

That's great.

Good, Jim.

Great job. Thank you, Kellyanne.

Have you noticed a change in China since the trade negotiations broke off? A change with regard to the fentanyl?

You mean it got better?

I was thinking maybe it would get worse. This is why --

This is why they're great negotiators, right? They went the opposite. Most people would say, "Oh -- " Right? Isn't that something? That's very nice.

Tell them I appreciate it very much. That's very nice.

That's very nice. Yep.

Thank you very much, Jim. Great job. You're doing a great job.

Yes.

That's great. That's fantastic.

Wow. That's tremendous.

And those were really the hardest-hit states that we're seeing, right?

Great. Thank you very much.

It's very impressive.

So how are we doing with coming up with a cure to the opioid? Meaning, I've instructed every single agency to work on this -- with Dr. Collins and all of the folks -- on a painkiller that's not addictive. And you would think they could do that. You would see -- you see common medicines sold over the counter that aren't totally ineffective, right?

So how are they doing? A painkiller that is not addictive.

So you're saying the same or greater?

How come nobody knows that?

That's fantastic, Robert. Let me ask you one other question. So, probably related much more so than we want to even think it's related, and that's suicides.

So you have suicides, and I hear numbers of 21 and 22 a day for veterans, which is an -- I thought it was a mistake when I read it the first time.

Is it 21, 22, 23?

It's 20. So it's just slightly down. It was 22 originally.

Now, I called you two months ago and I said there is a -- I had seen it somewhere, and I've read it, regularly, quite a bit about it. I think it's made by Johnson & Johnson. But it's a suicide -- if you're depressed --

-- you take it. It's an inhaler. And it almost immediately cures depression, at least for a little while. And I said, "Order -- corner the market on it and give it to anybody that has the problem." Because you have people calling -- and our folks do a great job on the phone, but it's a telephone. You have people calling, looking for help.

And if those people had that, I'm hearing like instantaneously they're in much better shape. How are you doing with that?

That could make a tremendous difference.

Is it very effective?

So that all of these people that are committing suicide every day -- 21, 20, 22 a day killing themselves -- that's hard to believe. Honestly, when I heard the number, I said, "It can't be possible. How could it be so many?" If this is as good as we hear it is, certainly on a fairly short term it gets them over that problem.

And I assume this lasts for how long a period?

Which is -- it gets them over .

So you're working something with the --

And I think they'll be very generous to you.

And if you'd like I'll help you to negotiate it, because -- seriously, I just said, "Corner of the market."

All right. So you're working on that. Very important. I think that's going to be incredible. I'll bet the first few months you're going to see numbers that have -- people are going to say, "What happened?" If it's as good as I hear. Good. Thank you very much. Good.

Does anybody know those numbers? Those numbers are astronomical.

Perhaps you people can report them. I mean, seriously, those are astronomical numbers. As, really, when you're down 18 percent -- those are astronomical numbers too. That's a lot in a short period of time.

That's fantastic.

That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you, Alex.

So China is helping you?

That's fantastic. Nobody knows this. That's fantastic.

That's fantastic. That's very nice. I'll have to remember that.

And what about the southern border, as it relates to drugs coming through?

How is the wall coming along?

And you'll have, by the end of next week -- next year -- how much do you think you'll have built?

Over 400 miles, right?

And we have to kick and scream for every inch because the Democrats just will not give us what we need. In fact, I think we're going to be very close to 500 miles by the end of the year, which -- it'll be great. Okay? It'll have a huge impact. That's fantastic. Thank you. Good job.

Good job.

Would you want to name them terrorist organization or some designation that would give you additional power?

And Mexico is going to be much different now, too. I think Mexico is going to start hitting them much harder.

Okay? Let me know, okay?

Thank you.

Great. Good job.

Well, I would like to ask my wife, the First Lady, to say a few words because she has been so much into the whole situation with the drugs and opioids, in particular -- but drugs. And she has a son that she loves and she wants to make sure that Barron doesn't have problems. And she wants to make sure that a lot of people in this country -- they see suffering, the horrible suffering.

And I just want to thank you for the great job. You see the numbers? We're down 17, 18, 20 percent -- in one case, 21 percent. And, Alex, the numbers you gave were incredible. Nobody has ever even thought of that -- 51 and 60 percent. So I want to thank you all. But I really think we owe a lot to the First Lady, and maybe you could say a few words.

Well, you've had a great impact, and we appreciate it. We all appreciate it. Thank you, honey. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you.