Well, thank you very much. I'm thrilled to welcome everyone to the very first meeting of the White House Opportunity and Revitalization Council. The Opportunity and Revitalization Council is a very important event in the White House. We've been working long and hard -- right, Scott? --

-- on getting this up and running. And it's something we're very proud of. The new council will coordinate efforts across the entire federal government to deliver jobs, investment, and growth to America's most underserved. And they really are underserved communities. And all over the country, we have areas that are, I guess you could say, in some cases, not treated properly.

And they are indeed underserved. We are pleased to be joined by many members of my Cabinet, including Secretary Ben Carson, who leads this very important initiative. Thank you very much, Ben. I appreciate it. Good job. It's been a hard one, right?

Not been easy to do. Also joining us is the Council's new executive director, Scott Turner. Scott is a former NFL player -- and a very good one -- and a state legislator, and a businessman, a leader in his church and his community. Scott, I want to thank you for doing such a good job. But your results, hopefully in a year and two and three, will be very well seen.

That's when I'm really going to thank you, right?

All right? Thank you, Scott. I appreciate it. The Council will focus its efforts on economically distressed communities across the country, including Opportunity Zones -- which are, as you know, up and running and doing incredibly well, beyond expectation -- which we are designated by our nation's governors under a crucial provision of our new tax cuts.

That was a part of what we got approved with the tax cut. And I don't know that people talk about it, but it was very important. We're providing massive tax incentives for private investment in these areas to create jobs and opportunities where they are needed the most. This is all throughout the country.

This Council will further leverage federal resources and authorities to support these communities however possible. We will work to streamline regulations, improve education, promote affordable housing, reduce crime, and expand jobs and skilled training for Americans all throughout our country. Our actions will directly improve the lives of countless low-income Americans.

It's pretty much aimed at that. Together we can lift up every forgotten community. And we talked about the forgotten men and women. And a lot of people were forgotten in this country. No longer. And unleash the boundless potential of our people. I look forward to hearing about all of the incredible progress being made.

And I'd like to start, perhaps, with Ben Carson, who is doing a terrific job at HUD. And, Ben, we appreciate it. The whole country appreciates it. You really have. And please say a few words.

And they will become richer.

But they're investing in these great areas. So, that's a good thing, not a bad thing.

Good. That's true. That's so true. Scott, could you say a few words?

Well, thank you very much, Scott. And we have tremendous faith in you and your leadership. We chose you for a very good reason. You're an outstanding young man. You're still a young man.  I'm a little older than you. Just a little bit. But we have tremendous confidence in you, Scott.

So go out there and do it.

Wilbur, would you like to say a few words?

Right. Thank you.

Thank you, Wilbur. That's great. Appreciate it. How about the great Larry Kudlow?

The market is way up today, Larry.

So today, you're great.  When the market goes down -- when it's down, he's not so great. But it's been mostly up, I have to say.

Good. That's great. Thank you. Thank you, Larry, very much. Sonny Perdue. So the top representatives of China are here right now. We're going to meet with them later. They're going to be buying a lot of product from us. You know that.

More than anybody would believe for your farmers. Do you have anything to say, Sonny?

Very good. Thank you. Rick?

Very good. That's great. I wish we got more media coverage on the whole thing that we're doing with criminal justice reform. For whatever reason, the media chose not to cover that very strongly. They don't like that image for me with helping people getting out of prison. They don't like that image of Trump, and so they wanted to keep that nice and low key.

They didn't cover it very much, which is unfair, because they cover other things. Look at the media. Look at all of them. But that one they chose not to cover too much. But you know what? I feel very happy about it -- criminal justice reform. And because of the great economy, people getting out of prison are really, for the first time -- really, for the first time in the history of our country, they're getting jobs and they're doing a fantastic job, for the most part.

Some problems. And you have problems with everybody. But they're doing a phenomenal job, and employers are really happy. So perhaps you people can cover that because I think it's a very important subject. I mean, the important thing is that the employers are so happy with what's taking place. It's an incredible thing that's happening.

Elaine Chao, please.

That's good. We're proud of you. You're doing a great job. Alex?

And you just think of it: From the founding of our country until a year ago -- because this really started happening a year ago -- people getting out of prison couldn't get jobs. Couldn't get them. The stigma, the problem, whatever. And now they're being sought, actually.

They're being -- they're having a choice. Like we got Choice for our vets; that's a different kind of a choice. We get choice -- they have choice now in terms of jobs. Never happened before. Never happened in our country's history. And again, the employers -- the feedback has been extraordinary, not just good.

It's been extraordinary. I've spoken to a couple that said, "Why didn't I do this years ago?" But they couldn't get jobs and so they'd end up back in prison. They'd have to -- they were forced to do other things that weren't so good in some cases, and they'd end up back in prison. And this is the first that that's happened since the founding of our country.

A lot of it has to do with the great economy. And I think a lot of it has to do with the mindset that we're helping to create. So, you're doing a fantastic job. All of you. Such a -- such an important thing. Andrew, please.

Great.

Right.

That's terrific. I love hearing that about Cleveland. I like Cleveland. You know why, right?  We had a very good day in Cleveland. A couple of days. David, please.

Right. You're doing great. Thank you. Appreciate it. Betsy?

Thank you.

Right.

Thank you very much, Betsy. I appreciate it.

So this is a very important day and I wish everybody good luck. And in particular, Scott, I have no doubt you're going to do a fantastic job.

Just, good luck.

Okay, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much, everybody.

Trade is coming along well. We're having a big meeting this afternoon. I think you folks are going to be at it for a little while, at least. The Vice Premier is here and lots of top people from China. They very much want to make a deal. We'll see what happens. It's got to be a good deal. Got to be a good -- it's got to be a great deal.

It's got to be great. Look, we've been losing, over many years, four, five, six hundred billion dollars year. We're losing, a few years ago, two hundred, routinely, to China. We can't do that. We're going to turn it around. It's got to be a great deal. If it's not a great deal, we're not doing it. But it's going very well.

Top officials are here. And, you know, we're very well along on the deal. It's a very complex deal. It's a very big deal. It's one of the biggest deals ever made. Maybe the biggest deal ever made. It will be a great deal for our farmers. Technology, intellectual property theft -- everything is covered. There's not a thing that's not covered.

We could have made a quickie, but we're in a very good position. Our economy is way up. China is not way up. And we're -- could either make a very good deal or we're not going to make a deal at all. But I think it looks like the deal is moving along very nicely. So I think you're going to meet me in -- we're going to say hello to the media for a little while, sometime after 2 o'clock.

Okay? Thank you, everybody.

Yeah, a lot of good things are happening with Mexico. Mexico understands that we're going to close the border or I'm going to tariff the cars. I'll do one or the other. And probably start off with the tariffs. That will be a very powerful incentive, because Mexico has the strongest immigration laws anywhere in the world.

They don't have courts like we do. We have a stupid system of courts. It's the craziest thing in the world. We could be the only country that has it. If you put a foot on the property, you put a foot into the United States: "Congratulations. Go get Perry Mason to represent you." You end up with a court case.

And then they release you, and you come back four, five years later but nobody comes back. Two percent come back. The not-so-smart ones come back. It's the most ridiculous system anyone has ever seen. And we have catch and release and we have chain migration, where somebody comes in and brings the whole family.

Bring them all: your grandparents, your brothers, your sisters, your cousins. The craziest thing I've ever seen. Put in by Democrats. And the Democrats are going to straighten it out. And if they don't straighten it out -- and I predicted this. I mean, I hate to see it, but at least I can say I was right.

I told everybody. This is -- you have a national emergency at our border and nobody even talks about drugs -- the drugs that are flowing in. So for the last four days -- and you actually have covered it to a very minor extent -- Mexico has been capturing people and bringing them back to their countries at their southern border.

They've been taking people under their very powerful laws -- they have the right to do it -- and they're bringing them back to where they came from. That's about three days now, I guess, since -- frankly, since they heard I was going to close the border. But before I close the border, if Mexico -- and we love Mexico.

We love the country of Mexico. We have two problems: We have the fact that they allow people to pour into our country. We have to stop them. Border Patrol has been incredible. ICE has been incredible. Law enforcement has been incredible. And the other problem is drugs. Massive amounts of -- a large -- most of the drugs -- much of the drugs coming into our country come through the southern border in all different ways.

Much of it where we don't have walls. The wall is under construction, by the way -- large sections. We're going to be meeting, I think, on Friday at a piece of the wall that we've completed, a big piece. A lot of it is being built right now. A lot of it is being signed up right now by different contractors.

It's moving along very nicely. But we need the wall, but we need lots of other things. So we need help from Mexico. If Mexico doesn't give the help, that's okay, we're going to tariff their cars coming into the United States. The other thing is -- because Mexico is such a big source of drugs, unfortunately -- unfortunately -- now we have China sending fentanyl to Mexico so it can be delivered into the United States.

It's not acceptable. So the second aspect of it is, which you haven't heard before, is that if the drugs don't stop -- Mexico can stop them if they want -- we're going to tariff the cars. The cars are very big. And if that doesn't work, we're going to close the border. But I think that'll work. So it's massive numbers of dollars.

So if we don't see people apprehended and brought back to their countries, if we see these massive caravans coming up to our country, right through Mexico -- coming right through Mexico, like nothing. Busses are even given to them. For the last three days, it hasn't happened, since I said we're closing the border.

The only thing, frankly, better but less drastic than closing the border is to tariff the cars coming in. And I will do it, just like -- you know I will do it. I don't play games. I'll do it. So we're doing it to stop people. We're going to give them a one-year warning. And if the drugs don't stop, or largely stop, we're going to put tariffs on Mexico and products, in particular cars.

The whole ballgame is cars. It's the big ballgame. With many countries, it's cars. And if that doesn't stop the drugs, we close the border. Because Mexico, last year, and over -- for many years -- just like China, except China numbers are even bigger. And I don't blame China and I don't blame Mexico, if they can get away with it. I blame the people that used to sit in this seat, because they should have done something about it. And I'm not just talking about President Obama; I'm talking about many Presidents.

They should've done something about it. So if Mexico doesn't do what they can do very easily -- apprehend these people coming in -- and they can do it in a much more humane fashion. Why should they walk up 2,000 miles and then be brought back? They can stop them right at their southern border, right where they come into Mexico.

And they have unbelievable immigration laws where they have the right to do it. The most powerful in the world. As good as you can have. And they're going to do it. And if they don't do it, we're going to tax the cars. And if that doesn't work, we're going to close the border. But we're also going to do something having to do with tariffs on drugs.

Because not only are hundreds of thousands of lives a year being ruined in our country, but numbers of people are dying that you wouldn't believe. I mean, we'll lose one military personnel and it's a front-page story. And yet, we have 100,000 people. People don't even know the number. They say 77,000; they say 72,000. Any number they give, you can guarantee to raise it. And if the drugs don't stop, we're going to put tariffs on. It also costs our country at least $500 billion through our southern border -- $500 billion.

So we will put tariffs on if they don't apprehend, and ultimately we're going to give a period of time. But if, in a year from now, drugs continues to pour in, we're going to put tariffs on. Now, we have a deal: USMCA. It's all done. They're going to have to live with it, okay? They're going to have to live with it. I'm not trying to be unfair.

They're going to have to live with it. The USMCA is a great deal for everybody. But this is more important to me than the USMCA, so they're going to have to live with it. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. I'll tell you one thing: It's a great deal. If they don't pass it, it's purely political, that's all. The USMCA, everybody wants to see it passed. But we'll see. Whatever they want to do is okay with me.