Thank you very much. This is a very important signing, and we've had two now in a row that are very, very important and inspirational, I might add. Right? When you think of it. Thank you all for being here today. I'm pleased to sign the Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture Act into law. Animal cruelty. This is something that should've happened a long time ago and it didn't. But the people behind me and others have been incredible, and I just want to congratulate you.

And I ask the same question I asked for another bill that we just signed: Why hasn't it -- this happened a long time ago? And I give you the same answer: because Trump wasn't President.  This commonsense legislation restricts the creation and distribution of videos or images of animal torture.

It is important that we combat these heinous and sadistic acts of cruelty, which are totally unacceptable in a civilized society. We're pleased to be joined by some of the very important people that got this done. And they worked very, very hard on it. Representative Vern Buchanan -- fantastic person. Sheriff Carolyn "Bunny" Welsh.

Kitty Block, President and CEO of the Humane Society. Jack Hubbard, COO of American Humane. Rory Diamond, CEO of K9s for Warriors. Marty Irby, Executive Director of Animal Wellness Action. Laura Sellards, President and Executive Director of the Warrior Dog Foundation. Lauren  Simmons, President and Founder of Big Dog Ranch Rescue.

John Thompson, Executive Director of the National Animal Care and Control Association. Sara Amundson, President of the Humane Society Legislative Fund. Tracie Letterman, Vice President of the Humane Society Legislative Fund. Anne  Marie Malloy, Senior Legislative Specialist at the Humane Society Legislative Fund.

And these people really worked hard together with some of your friends that are in different states all over the country right now, that we were able to get this done a little bit quicker than people thought. And so they send all of their regards, and some of them are watching this right now, as we do this.

From battlefields to hospitals, from the ranches of the frontier to the backyards of America, from animals of service to animals of war, our nation's animals have played a vital role in the development, settlement, security, and happiness of our country. So true. We had a great dog named Conan here, just a little while ago.

It's very fitting that it was on the same day, but that's a little bit what you're talking about. Conan was something and created quite a stir. We have a responsibility to honor the dignity of God's creation. With today's act, we take the critical step toward being more responsible and humane stewards of our planet and all who we want to cherish and take care of, and all of those who live on it. And I will now sign this very important piece of legislation.

And I want to congratulate everybody here. And after I'm finished, I'd like you to have you maybe say a few words to the media, if you'd like. Okay? Thank you very much.  Okay, so who's supposed to get this pen?

And your sons? Introduce your sons and say a few words.

Great job.

Well, thank you very much. Great job. Great job. See that, Jeff?

Oh, wow. That's fantastic.

That's really a very nicely put statement. Thank you very much.

I appreciate it.

That's great. That's a great honor. Thank you.

My great honor. Please.

Hi, Sheriff.

Thank you, Sheriff. And she's one of the toughest people in the country --  -- for law and order. So that's a pretty --

-- interesting combination of events. Please. Go ahead.

That's pretty tough toward animals, isn't it, when you think of it, right? We're doing actually very well in that regard. Tell me, why wasn't this done many years ago? Could you -- do you want to answer that?

Pretty amazing, you know? It's almost common sense, right?

From the heart. But almost common sense. That's pretty amazing. Anybody would like to say something?

Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. Anybody? Please.

Yes.

Well, that's very nicely stated. Thank you very much.

Go ahead.

What were the numbers?

That's really great.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Pam Bondi, would you like to say something?

Thank you very much, Pam. Well, thank you all very much. And we appreciate it. Maybe stay back and we'll take a couple of pictures and we'll let the media go. Thank you all very much. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you.