Thank you very much. It's a great honor, as you know, to be with -- because we were together just the other day in front of 59,000 people in the stadium, and that was a great day -- Prime Minister Modi of India. And we have many things to discuss. One of them -- and perhaps in our case, one of the biggest ones is trade.

We do a lot of trade together and we're working on that. We'll also be discussing Kashmir. I imagine it'll be brought up. And other things. But we have plenty to discuss. And the relationship has never been better, I say, than it is right now, between the Prime Minister, myself, India, and the United States.

So, it's a great honor to have you. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Well, I think very soon. We're doing very well. And Bob Lighthizer, who's right here, was negotiating with India and their very capable representatives. And I think very soon we'll have a trade deal. We'll have the larger deal down the road a little bit, but we will have a trade deal very soon. Go ahead.

Well, I had a very good meeting with Prime Minister Khan. It was a long meeting and we discussed a lot. And I think he'd like to see something happen that would be very fruitful, very peaceful. And I think that will happen, ultimately. I really believe that these two great gentlemen will get together and work something.

I also -- you know, you mentioned Pakistan, but Iran would have to be at the top of the list. Because if you look at terrorist states, that's been the number one for a long time. But I really believe that Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Khan, they get along -- they will get along when they get to know each other.

And I think a lot of good things will come from that meeting.

Well, I mean, the message is not for me to give, it's for Prime Minister Modi to give. And I think he gave that loud and clear on -- the other day when we were together. He gave a pretty loud message. And I'm sure he'll be able to handle that situation. Yes, sir. Go ahead.

Well, my personal chemistry is as good as it can get. I have great respect. I have great admiration. And I really like him -- that's another thing. And he's a great gentleman and a great leader. And I remember India before. Now, not intimately, but I remember India before, and it was very torn. There was a lot of dissension, a lot of fighting.

And he brought it all together, like a father would bring it together. Maybe he's the father of India. We'll call him "the father of India." I think that's not so bad. But he brought things together. And you don't hear that anymore. So I think he's done a fantastic job. But I think that what the event showed is how much I like the country of India and how much I like your Prime Minister.

There was tremendous spirit in that room, too. And they love this gentleman to my right. They really do. Those people went crazy. That was like Elvis. That was like an American -- he's like an American version of Elvis.  It was like we brought in the middle of an all-American deal; Elvis Presley came back.

No, he was -- that was quite something. They love your Prime Minister. It's a great thing.

Well, I haven't heard that. I haven't heard that. And I know this: that your Prime Minister will take care of it. So if there's a problem, he'll -- if there's a problem, he'll take care of it. It would be great if they could work out something on Kashmir. We all want to see that. I'm sure we all want to see it.

Boy, you have great reporters. I wish I had reporters like this.  You're doing better than anybody I've ever heard. Where do you find these reporters? This is a great thing. No, look, you have a great Prime Minister. He'll solve the problem. I have no doubt about it. Thank you very much everybody.

Thank you. Thank you.