Okay, thank you very much. I just returned from London, where we had a tremendous success with NATO. The relationship we have with other countries is very, very good. It has to be good; otherwise, they wouldn't have done what they've done. As you know, NATO was suffering very badly from depletion of funds, and it was going down like a rollercoaster goes down.

Not up, but down. And I was able to, over the last couple of years, increase their contribution -- not the United States, because we were paying far more than anybody else, to put it mildly. It was really getting ridiculous. And over the last couple years, I had them increase by $130 billion. And then, over the next couple of years -- and this was done largely over these last two days, but also set up time before that -- they had to now contribute $400 billion more.

So it's a total of $530 billion other countries will be putting into NATO. And NATO now is very financially sound. It's very strong. Far greater than anybody ever thought. If you look at Secretary General Stoltenberg's remarks, he was very generous in his remarks about what I've done for NATO and what our country has done, but what I've done in terms of getting other countries to put up money -- because they weren't putting up money, and now they put up money at a level like has never been seen before, actually.

It's actually never been seen. So I want to thank everybody that was there, and maybe especially Mr. Stoltenberg, who's really a terrific man. I think he's done a fantastic job at NATO. So the Secretary General has my great thanks. That was a tremendous success. And I have to say -- you know, it wasn't reported accurately, but that's okay -- but the relationship I have with other countries is really good.

Now, they can't totally love me when I say, you know, "You're not putting up your money, you're not putting up your fair share, you're not spending the kind of money that you're supposed to be spending -- because we're giving you protection. You're getting the protection of the U.S. and the greatest military force in the world, and you're not paying.

You're delinquent." So I tell some people they're delinquent. Not everybody can love that. You can't say in too nice a manner, otherwise they're going to be just like they've been for the last 15 years and not pay, and certainly not pay up to the 2 percent level -- which, frankly, isn't even that high. Frankly, 2 percent isn't that high.

But I had a lunch yesterday that was great with, I call them, the "2 percenters." These are the people that were at that level. There's a total of nine countries. And we had the lunch, and a lot of countries are close and getting closer. And some are really not close. And we may do things having to do with trade.

It's not fair that they get U.S. protection and they're not putting up their money, and they're -- really, I call them -- I used that term, "delinquent." That's exactly what they are. But we had a tremendous success in London. And NATO is in very, very good shape. And the relationships with other countries are really extraordinary.

Today, I'm honored to host the working lunch with ambassadors representing countries on the United Nations Security Council. I want to thank our U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., Kelly Craft, for joining us and doing an extraordinary job at the United Nations. Thank you very much, Kelly. You're doing fantastically well.

The United States holds the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council for the month of December. During our lunch, I will outline America's priorities and ask our distinguished guests from other nations how we can best work together. They have a lot of great ideas. We've done this before. We've learned a lot.

And it's been really quite an interesting time for me. Today, our nations face a range of shared security threats, including terrorism, drug trafficking, illegal migration, cyberattack, and the spread of nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. And we're working very hard on those problems, especially the last three.

There can be nothing more important. The Council must take action to confront these and other dangers facing the world. That also includes the behavior of the Iranian regime, which has killed hundreds and hundreds of people in a very short period of time. They're killing protestors. They turned down their Internet system.

People aren't hearing what's going on. I would like to see the media get involved in that and go in and see what's happening, because it's not a good situation. It's a horrible situation. It's something that is going to be a big scandal throughout the world very soon. They're killing a lot of people. And they're arresting thousands of their own citizens in a brutal crackdown in recent weeks because they're protesting.

And I think the media should get involved in that. I don't know that they will because they have their own reasons, but the media should absolutely get involved in that. America will always stand with the Iranian people in their righteous struggle for freedom. They're not being treated properly. All of that money is being wasted on weapons and on other things, and they're not treating their people properly.

And there are people in -- all over the country, they're rioting and they're protesting, and they're very unhappy. We also call on Security Council members to join the United States in our vital efforts to promote religious liberty around the globe. The world is more secure when people have the right to follow their convictions and to worship in peace.

And we've been very strong on that. And getting back to Iran, I do have to say that I think the Iranian situation could be fixed very quickly and very easily, and it could become really something special, as it was at certain points of time. There are certain points of time where it was doing very well. But for quite a long time, it's been doing very poorly, but it could be -- it could be fixed very quickly.

But we have people that just don't want to do that. For some reason, they just don't want to do that. They don't get it. But I want to thank everybody for attending the lunch today. I think what I'm going to do is go around. These are very important people. These are people, in their own countries, that are at the top level and really have great ideas.

I learn a lot about their countries. And I'd like to just maybe -- we'll start with Kelly, and she'll introduce herself and just say a couple of words. And then we'll go around the room and introduce the representatives from these very important countries. Please, Kelly.

That's very good. Thank you very, Kelly. Please.

Good.

And I just met your representatives over the last two days, as you know. So, it was very good. Thank you very much. Please.

Good.

That's true.

Good. Thank you very much.

Yes.

Good.

Thank you. That's beautifully stated. And we're having meetings and discussions with your representatives right now, as you know. So it's going along very well. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

That's true. Thank you very much.

Good.

Good. Robin is doing a very good job.

She's fantastic. Thank you.

That's a very interesting conversation we had yesterday with Angela. She's a terrific woman. She's really a terrific woman. But we did have that conversation, actually. Good. Thank you very much. Very much.

That's true.

I think the U.N. has tremendous potential, actually, as an organization. And it's doing well. Good leadership right now. Thank you very much. Please.

That's right.

And say hello.

Thank you.

Yes, it is.

Say hello.

Thank you very much.

Well, thank you very much. A great country.

Sure. I just met with somebody you know very well.

Right?

Good.

Good.

Thank you very much.

We had a great meeting yesterday, I have to say. And he was a member of the 2 percenters. That means Poland --  --

So that was very good. So we happened to have lunch also. Thank you very much.

Good.

I don't think so. I hope not.

Right.

Oh, well, we'll have to take care of it.

We'll take care of it.

I agree. And you're doing a good job, too. I've heard from a lot of people. Great job. Thank you very much. Please.

Oh, very good. Yeah.

Thank you.

Yes.

That's great. I hear that. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Right.

Good. I think so. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

I paid for it.

Yes. Absolutely.

Good.

Right.

Sure.

That's right. Thank you.

That's very nice.

Great job.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

But next year, Malaysia will be the heart of APEC Summit, and Vietnam the heart of ASEAN, EAS. So please come again. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. And say hello, by the way. We had some great meetings in Vietnam. Very successful meetings.

Thank you very much. So thank you all very much. Again, this last two days have been really amazing. The success of the days, the amount of money raised was a number that nobody could even believe. And if you add it up again, it's $530 billion over a very short period of time. Much of it is already coming in by other nations, some of whom are represented here today.

So that was really something special. And this will be great, and we're going to learn a lot. And we're going to give some ideas. And we're going to have lunch, and a lot of good things will happen. But I appreciate you all being here. And, Kelly, congratulations on doing a fantastic job.

Thank you all very much.

Moving along well.

It's moving along very well.

Well, we'll have to see. But right now we're moving along. We're not discussing that, but we are having very major discussions on December 15th. Something could happen, but we are not discussing that yet. We are having very good discussions with China, however.

No, not at all. No, not at all. It's a hoax. It's a hoax. It's a big fat hoax.

Yes, go ahead?

We'll announce -- whatever we do, we'll announce. But certainly, there might be a threat. And if there is a threat, it will be met very strongly. But we'll be announcing whatever we may be doing -- may or may not be doing. Okay?

Well, the U.N. has actually been involved very much with us. We're already dealing with the U.N. and dealing very well with the U.N. So they're very much involved with respect to Iran and other things with us. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.