Well, thank you very much. We have some of the most respected -- and powerful, frankly -- they have tremendous congregations of pastors and ministers anywhere in this country. And they've been talking to me for a long period of time. And you probably saw we went up 19 percent -- I saw that just a little while -- with the Hispanic population.

Part of it is the jobs because they're doing record-setting jobs right now. But part of it is what we talk about -- the wall and security. And these are just tremendous people. Many have been my friends for a long period of time. And I thought we'd go around the table and say a few words. And that would be great.

We'll start with -- Pastor, please.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Please.

We'll get it done.

We'll get it done.

Yeah. In history. That's in history.

Thank you, Pastor.

Thank you, Pastor. I appreciate it. Thank you. Please.

And the gangs comes from south of the border, right?

Almost everybody?

Almost all of them?

Right. Great job you do. Fantastic job. Pastor?

Thank you.

Good. Well, thank you. And you've been fantastic. Mike? Mike Pence.

And a big part of it is the economy is so strong that people are -- they're rushing our borders.

Good. We're going to have a great future. Thank you very much. Secretary Nielsen?

She's got a very easy job.  Reverend?

Thank you, Reverend. Appreciate it. Pastor?

Thank you very much, Pastor. Beautifully said. Lourdes?

I think it is.

Well, thank you, Lourdes. And I will say we've made a lot of progress. And when we're given the right ingredients -- and we need that; we need the wall and we need other things; we need other forms of technology -- you'll see numbers that are even better. We've done a lot of work -- a lot of great work. And I will say, the numbers will get even better once we have the right things, including technology, by the way.

But if we don't have that wall, and if we don't have a very powerful barrier, it's all just a waste of time. It can't work. Can't work. So we'll get it. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.

I think we have a chance, yeah. I think we have a good chance. We're going to work with the Democrats. We're going to see. And if we can't do that, then we'll do -- obviously we're going to do the emergency, because that's what it is. It's a national emergency. These are Hispanic pastors and reverends and ministers, and they understand better than anybody, it's an emergency.

It's a humanitarian emergency. And we are going to take care of our border. It's going to be done. And crime is going to go down throughout our whole country, not just at the border. The border is the least of it. It's what comes in through the border and permeates throughout the whole country. And you're going to see drugs drop way down, because a big percentage come in through the border.

You will see drugs way down. You're going to see crime go way down. So we're going to do it, and we're doing well. And I really appreciate you being here. Thank you. Thank you all very much.