Thank you very much, everybody. We're having a very good meeting -- a very good series of meetings. Last night, we had dinner. It worked out. I think it was fantastic.

Hello, folks. How are you?

Three that we'll talk about.

Thank you, folks. Do you know who this is? Does everybody know? He's going to be a fantastic Prime Minister. And we're having very, very good meetings. So far, so good.

And that's a fantastic thing for us. We're talking about many different deals, but we're having a good time. As far as UK and the United States, we're working on a very big trade deal and I think it's going to work out very well. So thank you very much. See you later. Thank you.

He needs no advice. He's the right man for the job. I've been saying that for a long time. It didn't make your predecessor very happy. But I've been saying it for a long time: He's the right man for the job.

We're having very good trade talks between the UK and ourselves. We're going to do a very big trade deal -- bigger than we've ever had with the UK. And now, they won't have it. At some point, they won't have the obstacle of -- they won't have the anchor around their ankle, because that's what they had. So, we're going to have some very good trade talks and big numbers.

Many things -- many things we're talking about.

Pretty quickly. We don't anticipate any problems. Before, we were sort of stymied. Well, I was stymied by the other side because nothing went -- nothing got done on the other side, as you've seen from Brexit. This is a different person, and this is a person that's going to be a great prime minister, in my opinion.

Boris, it's only my opinion.

That, I don't know. We did discuss it. We had a very good discussion on Russia and President Putin, and a lively discussion, but, really, a good one. And it's certainly --

It's certainly possible. It's certainly possible. We'll see.

No. Not at all. I haven't heard that at all, no. I think they respect the trade war. It has to happen. China has been -- I can only speak for the United States. I can't say what they've been doing to the UK and to other places. But from the standpoint of the United States, what they've done is outrageous that Presidents and administrations allowed them to get away with taking hundreds of billions of dollars out every year, putting it into China.

So, the answer is, nobody has told me that, and nobody would tell me that.

Yeah, sure. Why not?

Might as well. Might as well.

I have second thoughts about everything.

Well, I have the right to, if I want. I could declare a national emergency. I think when they steal and take out, and -- intellectual property theft, anywhere from $300 billion to $500 billion a year, and where we have a total loss of almost a trillion dollars a year -- for many years, this has been going on -- in many ways, that's an emergency.

I have no plan right now. Actually, we're getting along very well with China right now. We're talking. I think they want to make a deal much more than I do. We're getting a lot of money in tariffs. It's coming in by the billions. We never got 10 cents from China. So we'll see what happens. But we are talking to China very seriously.

No. The market is doing great. Our country is doing great. Everybody was telling me, yesterday, people are trying to copy the formula. We've cut taxes way down. We got rid of regulations -- large numbers -- more than any President has gotten rid of. And we're doing very well. Our country is doing fantastically well.

I mean, you people want a recession because you think maybe that's the way to get Trump out. Maybe that's the way we get him out. But I don't even think that would even work, because, look, if there's anything, it's -- you know, we've got to go into trade negotiations to get it right. But, ultimately, it'll be many times what it was before.

Our country is doing really well. We have horrible trade deals, and I'm straightening them out. The biggest one, by far, is China.

How about the last three years?  Don't talk about the last three. Two-hundred, I agree with you.

We're very close to a major deal with Japan. As you know, Prime Minister Abe and I are very good friends and -- really good friends. We've been working on it for five months. Bob Lighthizer is here someplace. Bob? Do you want to say something about the deal with Japan?

We're working on a very big deal with Japan, and we're very close to getting it. And, frankly, I think what's happening in China helps with respect to Japan. But it's a very big deal. It'll be one of the biggest deals we've ever made with Japan. Okay? Thank you all very much.