Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have President Moon of South Korea with us and a very, very great privilege to have Mrs. Kim. Thank you very much. Very much. We hope you enjoy your stay. We are discussing many, many important things, including, obviously, North Korea, the relationships with North Korea.

I had, in many respects, a very good meeting. We did not fulfill what we wanted to, but in many ways, we -- certain things were agreed to. My relationship is very good with, as you know, Chairman Kim. And I think that it will go on that way. We'll see. We'll probably know. But we'll be discussing that. We'll be discussing trade, military, military purchases.

South Korea buys a great deal of equipment from us, especially military equipment.  Please, go ahead. We've just recently completed a new and very, very large trade deal with South Korea, and it's just now going into effect. And it will very much increase trade both ways between our two countries.

It's a very important transaction and something we've been working on for quite a while. I know that, for years, they've been working on trying to redo it. And we have a new deal and it's been, I think, very, very good for both our countries. Big difference. President Moon and South Korea have agreed to purchase a tremendous amount of our military equipment, from jet fighters to missiles, to lots of other things.

And we make the finest equipment in the world by far, and we appreciate the purchase. It's a very large purchase. And we always appreciate that. I think I can say that our relationship has never been better. Our relationship is, on a personal basis, very, very close. Our First Ladies, likewise -- extremely close.

And I think that that will continue to for a long time into the future -- forever. So we'll be having individual meetings later on and all throughout the day with different people from different departments and representatives. The President and myself will be meeting right now in the Oval Office. Then we'll meet with our groups in the Cabinet Room, as you know.

And I think it'll be very productive. It's going to be a very productive day. I just do want to tell you that great progress has been made and a great relationship has been made in North Korea too. Kim Jong-un has been, really, somebody that I've gotten to know very well and respect, and hopefully -- and I really believe that, over a period of time, a lot of tremendous things will happen.

I think North Korea has a tremendous potential, and I believe that President Moon agrees with that. And we will be discussing that and even potential meetings, further meetings, with North Korea and Kim Jong-un. So I want to extend my warmest wishes to the people of South Korea, and I think indirectly I can truly say I want to extend my warmest wishes to Kim Jong-un and the people of North Korea.

I think the relationship has become far different and far better than it was when I first took office or at the end, certainly, of the Obama administration. And it's a great honor to be with you, Mr. President. And thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I have to go just one step further and I want to thank China, who's really helped us a lot at the border. I also want to thank Russia because they have helped us, and they've helped us quite a bit more than people think, at the border. So both China and Russia have really been quite good.

That doesn't mean they can't get better, but they've been quite good at the border. And I just want to thank both of those countries. As we've said, a lot of progress has been made. We will have further dialogue and I look forward to it. My relationship with Kim Jong-un has been a very strong relationship.

I've had some very strong relationships with others, but I have a very, very good relationship with Kim Jong-un, and I think you see that. And we'll see what happens. Hopefully, it will end up in a great solution for everybody, and ultimately a great solution for the world. Because it is about the world.

It's more than just this area. It's about the world. And, frankly, the world is watching. I want to thank you for your leadership. Your leadership has been outstanding. And I look forward to talking about other things also, and in particular, all of that equipment that you're buying. We like that in the United States.

We like that you buy our great equipment. So again, thank you very much. And thank you for your leadership.

Well, we are discussing certain humanitarian things right now, and I'm okay with that, to be honest. I think you have to be okay with that. And South Korea is doing certain things to help out with food and various other things for North Korea. And we'll be discussing different things inside. Again, the relationship is a much different relationship than it was two years ago -- you remember what that was all about -- and certainly during the Obama administration, where nuclear weapons were being tested often, where rockets and missiles were being sent up, in many cases, over Japan.

And we are in a much different situation right now. So we'll be discussing that very much, actually.

I know nothing about WikiLeaks. It's not my thing. And I know there is something having to do with Julian Assange. I've been seeing what's happened with Assange. And that will be a determination, I would imagine, mostly by the Attorney General, who's doing an excellent job. So he'll be making a determination.

I know nothing really about him. It's not my -- it's not my deal in life.

I don't really have any opinion. I know the Attorney General will be involved in that and he'll make a decision, okay?

Yes, I am. I think what he said was absolutely true. There was absolutely spying into my campaign. I'll go a step further: In my opinion, it was illegal spying, unprecedented spying, and something that should never be allowed to happen in our country again. And I think his answer was actually a very accurate one.

And a lot of people saw that, and a lot of people understand -- many, many people understand the situation and want to be open to that situation. Hard to believe it could have happened, but it did. There was spying in my campaign. And his answer was a very accurate one.

It could happen. A third summit could happen. And it's step by step. It's not a fast process; I've never said it would be. It's step by step. I enjoy the summits. I enjoy being with the Chairman. I think it's been very productive. And it really is -- it's a step by step. It's not going to go fast.

I've been telling you that for a long time. If it goes fast, it's not going to be the proper deal.

Well, that could happen also. I think that would be largely dependent on Chairman Kim, because President Moon will do what's necessary. I know President Moon has been fighting this battle for a long time. He's done an excellent job. I consider him a great ally. And a lot of good things are happening.

A lot of good things are happening in the world. Our economy is the best it's ever been. Our employment numbers -- unemployment and employment -- are the best they've ever been. We have more people working right now in the United States than we've ever had before -- almost 160 million people. And likewise, South Korea is doing very well.

Their economy is doing very well, and I think our trade deal has helped that process. So, we're sitting on two great countries right now, and we're leading two great countries. And we think that -- I can speak for myself, and I think I can speak for President Moon: We think that North Korea has tremendous potential and, really, potential under the leadership of Kim Jong-un. Let's see how it all works out.

I don't want to comment on that. But we have a very good relationship.

No, I'm not concerned about anything because, frankly, there was no collusion and there was no obstruction. And we never did anything wrong. The people that did something wrong were the other side -- the dirty cops. And a lot of the problems that were caused, it's a disgrace what happened. And, again, it should never happen to a President again.

You're just lucky I happen to be the President, because a lot of other Presidents would have reacted much differently than I reacted. You're very lucky I was the President during this scam -- during the Russian hoax, as I call it. So, no, I'm not concerned at all. The bottom line: The result is no collusion, no obstruction.

And that's the way it is. And I know a lot of people were very disappointed, but they knew the real answer. You know, when the Democrats go behind the scenes and they go into a room backstage and they sit and they talk, they laugh because they know it's all a big scam, a big hoax. And it's called politics, but this is dirty politics and this is actually treason.

This is a very bad thing that people have done. And I just hope that law enforcement takes it up. Because if they don't take it up, they're doing a great disservice to our country. Yes, go ahead.

No, we're talking about long term, and we always talk about long term. We want to have long term. Our relationship South Korea is extraordinary, and we only think in terms of long term with South Korea. Okay?

Well, at the right time, I would have great support. This isn't the right time. But at the right time, I'd have great support with North Korea. Great support. I think that South Korea, and I think Japan, and I think that the U.S. -- I think a lot of countries will be helping. China, I really believe, will help.

I think that Russia will help. I think a lot of countries will help. When the right deal is made, and when the nuclear weapons are gone, I just think that North Korea has potential as great as anything I've ever seen in terms of potential. They have an unbelievable location -- surrounded by sea on two sides, and on the other side, Russia, China, and over here, South Korea.

You just can't do better than that. And they have magnificent land. It has tremendous potential.

Yes, we will. We will be discussing it, certainly. That's a very prime topic for our meeting today. And we hope that's going to happen. Yes?

No, we want sanctions to remain in place. And frankly, I had the option of significantly increasing them. I didn't want to do that because of my relationship with Kim Jong-un. I did not want to do that. I didn't think it was necessary. As you know, a couple of weeks ago, I held it back. But I think that sanctions are, right now, at a level that's a fair level.

And I really believe something very significant is going to happen. We could always increase them, but I didn't want to do that at this time.

I'd have to see what the deal is. There are various smaller deals that maybe could happen. Things could happen. You can work out, step by step, pieces. But, at this moment, we're talking about the big deal. The big deal is we have to get rid of the nuclear weapons. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

You know, there are 15 players capable of winning. And I guess you could say there are a lot more than that. They're great players. I don't think a field for the Masters has ever been this deep. I was watching late last night, and they were going over the different players. I think the field has never been so deep.

But always Phil and Tiger and Dustin. I mean, you have so many great players. But they were just saying they're younger, they're stronger, they've never hit the ball this long. They've never hit the ball this accurately. They've never putted better than they do now. You know, the whole thing is pretty incredible.

But the field is very, very deep. I think it's going to be a great Masters. I hope so. Thank you very much, everybody.