Well, thank you very much. We have some of our great senators and, as you know, we're discussing various things, including the S-400. We're discussing trade and lots of other matters, and we're having a very good discussion. And I thought bringing over some of our Republican senators that are very much well versed in what's going on in Turkey to meet President Erdoğan would be good.

So we're having a very strong discussion on different things, including the safe zone, and the border, the oil. And, again  trade is a very big factor because we think we can get the trade up to about $100 billion. And it's much lower than that right now. So we're going to have a meeting for a little while and then we're doing a conference, making a statement.

And I think we've had a very successful meeting.

Well, we're going to have a big meeting on NATO very soon. I think the President -- I think I can say this, because other people know it and many other people feel the same way. They were very disappointed and he was very disappointe- -- disappointed in the statement made by France, having to do with commitment and NATO. That was a big statement that was made a couple of days ago by France. So I think that bothered the President very much. And I don't think he was very happy about it. And a lot of other people feel that way, too.

See? There's a nice way of saying it. Much shorter.  Do you guys have any questions? Lindsey, do you want to start off? Do you have any questions? You know the President very well.

And I think we will. Jim?

Good. Thank you very much. Rick.

Right. Very good. It's true. Joni.

Ted.

Thank you. Thank you.

Please.

They have 4 million refugees right now in Turkey, and Turkey has been paying the cost for these. And, frankly, Europe should step up because Europe is being helped, to a large extent. You have 4 million. If they were released, they would go throughout Europe. So, hopefully, Europe will step up. Okay. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Well, that's what we're here for. We're talking about it with our great senators.

I think they have a lot of alternatives. We'll work something out. I -- I project that we will work something out with Turkey. I think it will work out fine. Okay? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.