Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. And it's an incredible honor to be here and to meet. We just said hello to Reggie. And I've seen so much with Reggie and his incredible brother and family. And we're with you. You know that, right? You know that. And we're here to make a tour, in a little while, of the border.

And we have fantastic people with us, including our great senators from the state of Texas. And thank you very much, John and Ted. Thank you very much for being here. And our Lieutenant Governor, who's been my friend for a long time. And I also hear your son is doing a very good job.

I hear he's doing a good job. So I want to thank all of you for being here. And we're going to go around the table and say a few words. Attorney General, thank you very much for being here. Appreciate it. What a job you've done. A big victory you had recently, too. It was a very important victory. The individual mandate -- we're going to see if that holds us, because it should.

That was the excuse they had, and now we'll see if it holds up. Right? But I think you're going to be in great shape. I'm honored to be in McAllen, Texas with the heroes of Border Patrol. And they are heroes. You know, you have so much Border Patrol, ICE, and law enforcement generally. You take so much heat.

You take so much abuse from people that don't know what they're talking about. I want to just say that you have a friend with this administration, and you have a friend with me. Nobody does a better job.  Nobody does a better job. And I have to add that you have no idea how much you're loved by the public.

Maybe not by the fake news, but you're loved by the public.  Beyond belief. And that includes my friend, Brandon. And, Brandon, thank you very much for being so great. You've been getting the word out, how important it is -- border security. The wall or the steel barrier, they can have any name they want, but we have to have it. And it's going to happen.

But law enforcement and ICE and Border Patrol, incredible job you're doing. The public loves you. The public -- not like; they love you. And I just hope that none of you run for President because that -- you may be the one people -- person that we have a problem with, because you are highly respected in our country, and beyond our country.

We know what you do with MS-13. We know what you do with the gangs. We know what you do with crime. And we also see what you do on the border. Boy, I'll tell you what -- it's tough stuff. But it could be a lot easier for you, and you could be spread a lot differently if we had the walls. And we'll get it. We'll get it. I think we're winning the battle in a very big way.

So I just want to thank you all, in particular, for being with us. Thank you very much, fellas. Thank you very much. Really incredible. I want to thank, also, Secretary Nielsen and Commissioner McAleenan for being with us. We made the trip down from Washington. And again, Senator John Cornyn has been an incredible champion of what we're doing and a very popular man in Texas.

And I think we're running, in two years, together. And that's very good for both of us, I hope.  I think it is. It's my honor, John, I want to tell you.  The people of Texas love you. And we have another great friend of mine, Ted Cruz. And he is a friend of mine, except for about four or five months in between.

I was telling John that Ted and I, on the campaign, we liked each other so much. And I said, look, at some time that will end. Right, Ted? But we just -- we actually -- we'd do joint appearances together, and the press would say, When is it going to end? I said, it'll happen. Ted would say too, It'll happen.

We didn't know it would be quite that violent. But then the friendship is at least equal to what it was. And I just want to congratulate you, because I was here; we had that arena with about 22,000. That was the Houston arena. That was an incredible night, right? And we had, I think, 109,000 or 106,000 people wanting to come.

They had thousands outside. And that was a few weeks before the election. And I said, I think he's going to win. I think he's going to win nicely. And I want to just congratulate you. That was not easy. And now he lost and he wants to run for President. And I said, I thought you had to win to run for President.

Right? But you did a great job, Ted. We appreciate it. Texas Attorney General, Ken Paxton, who's led some incredible cases. Ken, thank you very much. And Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, who's been, again, a friend of mine for a long time. I also want to thank the Governor. He's going on Fox tonight, and he sends his regards.

And we're going to either see him later; he's coming into Washington. But the Governor, who just had a great campaign also, he's been fantastic and a big believer in what we're doing. So, say hello to him, and I'll speak to him later. Thanks also to Brandon Judd and the National Border Patrol Council. So, Brandon, I've known him from the beginning.

And almost before I announced, he was for my ideas and he was for us. He was for me. And I appreciate it. And I appreciated all your guys coming up last week. They had a big impact. We said to them, What do you want? Who knows better than them? He knows better than all of us put together. And that group was fantastic that we had in Washington just a few days ago.

And they went on television. And anybody that listened wouldn't even have a doubt about it. So, Brandon, thank everybody. We appreciate it very much. Done a fantastic job. The Border Patrol's Rio Grande Valley Sector -- who is from the sector? Do you have any specific guys here from -- and ladies? Quite a few.

Now, are you tougher than the rest? Are you just tougher than the rest? I don't know. Maybe. But I heard special -- I heard special --

Oh, there they are. How are you? Come on over here. Come here. Come here.  That's fantastic. And I've heard so much about all of you. And we're going to spend a little time, in a little while, together. I don't know if we're walking or flying, but either one is okay with me. We're going to see a lot.

But thank you for being here. In a few moments, the American people will hear directly from our frontline border agents about the tremendous flood of illegal immigration, drug trafficking, human trafficking -- a phenomena that has been going on for a thousand years or more, and that you'd think was something that modern society wouldn't have.

And I hate to tell you that, because of the Internet, it's worse than ever before. Human trafficking -- it's a horrible thing. And much of it comes -- it's a world problem, not a U.S. problem only. And they come across the border, and it's a bad thing. And they drive. They just go where there's no security, where you don't even know the difference between Mexico and the United States.

There's no line of demarcation. They just go out. And where there's no fencing or walls of any kind, they just make a left into the United States, and they come in and they have women tied up. They have tape over their mouths -- electrical tape. Usually blue tape, as they call it. It's powerful stuff. Not good.

And they have three, four, five of them in vans, or three of them in backseats of cars. And they just drive right in. They don't go through your points of entry. They go right through. And if we had a barrier of any kind -- a powerful barrier, whether it's steel or concrete -- if we had a barrier, they wouldn't be able to make that turn.

They wouldn't even bother trying because they can't go through the points with people. So we would stop that cold. We would stop it cold. And they can't fly in, obviously -- for obvious reasons. So we'd stop human trafficking in this section of the world. I think it would stop it 90, 95 percent. A tremendous percentage would stop.

And you also have the criminal gangs coming in. They don't walk through the points of entry. They come where nobody is around. And you're talking about hundreds and hundreds of miles. Two thousand miles. But we need 500 miles of border. One of the things that has happened is -- and I was explaining to the two senators and to Dan, in the car -- that one of the things that really is happening is, without saying it too loudly -- and I told them; and Dan said, Could you repeat that story?

When I say Mexico is going to pay for the wall, that's what I said: Mexico is going to pay. I didn't say they're going to write me a check for $20 billion or $10 billion. No one is going to write a check. I said they're going to pay for the wall. And if Congress approves this incredible trade bill that we made with Mexico -- and Canada, by the way -- but with Mexico, in this case -- they're paying for the wall many, many times over.

And Dan said, Would you do me a favor? Say that. And I do say it, but the press sort of refuses to acknowledge it. When I say Mexico is going to pay for the wall, that's what I mean. Mexico is paying for the wall. And I didn't mean, Please write me a check. I mean very simply: They're paying for it in the trade deal.

And sometimes I'd say that. So, hopefully, people will start to understand. Now, if the deal doesn't get approved by Congress, which would be hard -- because it's so much better than NAFTA; NAFTA was a horrible trade deal. One of the worst ever made. It really hurt our country. But now we have the USMCA, and it's a great deal.

And I think that you're going to see some tremendous improvement for the farmers and for the people of Texas. So, law enforcement professionals at DHS, the men and women in this room, have told us what they need to secure our border. These are the people we went to. It's not only the wall or the barrier; it's the equipment for seizing the drugs.

We have tremendous equipment today. It's expensive, but tremendous equipment that, when you do drive through one of the ports of entry, we have equipment that we'll be able to detect the drugs. And it's the finest in the world, and we're getting it ready. It's part of what we're asking for. It's not only the wall.

And we've taken their recommendations straight to Congress, but Congress, as you know -- the Democrats are holding us up because they don't want it. They think it's good politically. I think it's a disaster for them politically. But I'm not doing it for politics; I'm doing it because it's right. I'm doing it because it's right.

And before, when I left Washington, I said they can't have a problem with crime, because the people that are coming in -- the criminals, the gangs, the traffickers, the drugs -- it's all crime. And the only way you're going to stop it is the way these people are strongly recommending that it be stopped, Brandon.

So, hopefully -- I hear we're making a lot of progress. I even hear certain members of Congress, the Democrats, are saying, We better get this thing going. This isn't working out too well for us. Because nobody is going to win the battle of strong borders and no crime, as opposed to open borders and crime doesn't matter.

Because that's what they're saying: Crime doesn't matter. We have people that have been so horribly hurt -- families that have been so horribly hurt by people that just come in like it's -- like just come into the United States, do whatever they want. In many cases, they leave and then they'll come back.

Or in many cases, they stay. And we've done a very good job at the border, considering we're not given the right laws. We have laws that are so bad. They're archaic and they're horrible. And we don't have the barrier. So our plan includes drug detection technology at our ports; more officers and agents -- far more; more beds to house the inflex of -- the influx of unlawful migrants; medical support; closing the disastrous loopholes that incentivize child smuggling -- the single biggest victims of what is happening at our border: our children.

They're being used by the coyotes. They're being sold left and right. People are grabbing them to get in because our laws are really lousy. And if you have a child with you, it's easier to get in. These people know it better than anybody -- far better than the people in Washington. And I think the biggest victims are children and women.

Women would be right there with the children. These are the victims. And it's women mostly, in terms of the smuggling and what's going on with that. So we're going to take care of this problem. And to think anybody can even think about fighting it is ridiculous. So we're going to build a powerful steel barrier.

They didn't want to use concrete. I said, Okay, I'll use steel. It's stronger. It's also more expensive, by the way. But it's stronger. I'll use steel. So we'll call it a steel barrier. Now people should be happy. They said, Concrete -- we don't want a concrete wall. I said, That's okay, we'll build a steel wall.

I like it better, if you want to know the truth, Ted. And we'll call it a barrier instead of a wall. And I'm okay with that too. I don't care what you call it, but it's got to be there. Democrats have refused to listen to the border agents, and they say this is a manufactured crisis. That's a new sound bite.

All over, I turn the television. You know, I call it the opposition party. It's called the fake-news media. And what happens is, every network has: Manufactured Crisis. This is a man- -- Every one of them. It's like they send out to everybody, Let's use this soundbite today. So it's a manufa- -- but it's not.

What is manufactured is the use of the word manufactured. It's manufactured by them, every single of the negatives. But they're not winning, because it's common sense. It's common sense. They say a wall is medieval. Well, so is a wheel. A wheel is older than a wall.  And I looked, and every single car out there -- even the really expensive ones that the Secret Service uses -- and believe me, they are expensive -- I said, Do they all have wheels?

Yes. Oh, I thought it was medieval. The wheel is older than the wall. You know that? And there are some things that work. You know what? A wheel works and a wall works. Nothing like a wall. The government is shut down because Democrats will not fund border security. Plain and simple. And again, more than just the walls.

Their open borders agenda threaten all American families, including millions of legal immigrants throughout our nation. In the last two years alone, our courageous ICE officers -- many of whom are with us -- arrested criminal aliens charged with or convicted of 100,000 assaults -- just in the last year -- 30,000 sex crimes, and 4,000 violent killings.

We're deeply moved to have with us Reggie Singh, whose brother Ronil, Ronil Singh -- incredible guy. I mean, I watched and I've rarely felt worse in watching news of our nation than watching your family and the love that you have for your brother. I could see that, Reggie, the way it came through. It came through loud and clear.

And there are so many other people who have the same. Nobody covers them. You know, when they talk about how unfair, how this, how that -- nobody talks about how unfair it is to the victims of the brutal killings. And, by the way, over the years, there's thousands of them. I don't mean hundreds. I don't mean in the teens.

I mean thousands of them. And these officers can all tell you about them. And I'd like to, if I could -- because I watched a family, right around Christmastime, and I watched them suffer -- and I'd like to ask if, Reggie, maybe you could say a few words about your incredible brother, the job he was doing.

He was so beloved by the people in the department, and beyond the department. And maybe you could say a few words about your brother. Please.

Thank you.  So, we're with you. And you know what, right? That was a tough one, too. That was a tough one for a lot of people, not only the family. For a lot of people in this country, that was a tough thing to watch. Also with us, Marie Vega, whose son, Border Patrol Agent Javier Vega Jr. -- who is another person who was loved by so many in the department, on the Border Patrol.

We had so many people talking. They're still talking so much about him. It happened in 2014. He was out fishing with his wife, his parents, and his kids. And, Marie, I'd like to maybe have -- say a little bit about your son, because he is so loved and respected, still, in this room. Please. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very much. And you're 100 percent right. Thank you.  He's very proud of you right now. Thank you very much, Marie. What Marie said is right; it's more than just the wall. We have to give these incredible people the tools to work with. We're not doing that. Politicians in Washington are saying, Oh, you don't -- -- they don't know the first thing about -- they've never been here.

They don't know the first thing about what we're talking about. So we're going to hear from a couple of our landowners, a couple of the folks that live in the area and areas that we're discussing. I think I'd like to start off with our Texas leaders -- and they are indeed leaders -- and say a few words about what we're here for and what we support, and what's going to happen.

And we have no choice. And maybe we'll start with John Cornyn, Senator Cornyn. Say a few words, please?

Thank you, John, very much. Senator Cruz?

Thank you very much, Ted. I appreciate it. Thank you.  Thank you. Dan, if you could say a few words. Also, I'd like to have somebody get up and give us, just for the media, a little definition of exactly what's in front of us, because it looks pretty brutal. This is not a manufactured deal, as you say.

This is the real stuff. And this is nothing compared to what they have. This is actually nothing compared to what they have. So, is somebody going to be able to explain this to us quickly?

Good. Carlos, please, go ahead. Please. Thank you. Thank you, Carlos.

Okay. That says it all. And this is just all recent. This is all very recent. They didn't have to go very far. This is all very recent. Okay?

Wow. That's . And the dogs are incredible, aren't they?

In terms of finding the drugs but also they find money and drugs. They find drugs.

And they find people.

Yeah, it's pretty incredible.

Sure, go ahead.

Thank you. You want to go ahead?

That was a great presentation. Thank you. Thank you very much. Very important.  Dan?

And they say it's immoral. What's immoral is all the killing that's taking place by people just walking across.

They are. They are. And they know better. And they all know it's an indefensible position. And even people that aren't into it like we are, where we're studying it and working, and we want to end it, and we can't end it -- everybody knows that what we're saying is right. They can't --

Yeah. Okay, well, I want to thank you.

And I think a lot of people are getting it now because it's very simple. It's not complex. If we don't have a barrier, a very substantial barrier of some kind, you're never going to be able to solve this problem. And everybody gets it -- whether you're educated in this world or not educated in this world.

You don't have to be at all. They all get it. And that's why you see Congress now -- Democrats in Congress are coming out and saying, Hey, we don't like this subject. There was just a big article -- I won't give your competition the publicity -- but there was a big article in a very important media outlet that just came out where a lot of the young Democrats just elected to office are breaking up and they're saying: Hey, wait a minute, this -- our position, meaning, the Democrats' position of no barrier and no wall, is indefensible.

And it's going to happen. It's going to happen more and more because it's common sense. Mark, would you say something, please? You've done a great job.

And I called on you, and I called on the Department of Defense to come down and help because we have caravans forming. We have another one forming, believe it or not, in Honduras. And we pay them million -- tens of millions of dollars. They do nothing for us. They do nothing. And if you think that country is trying to stop, don't believe it. Okay?

And that goes for Guatemala. That goes for El Salvador. If they want to stop it, they can stop it. But they form and then they come in through Mexico. They break in. And you saw what happened. They broke in because they didn't have the wall. And I think they're thinking about building a wall on their southern border now.

But I want to thank the military. They've been incredible. They came up, and from day one they worked. Nobody has seen anybody work like that. And they put the -- essentially barbed wire -- but it's called barbed wire times 10. And it was very effective, to put it mildly. Very effective. Without that, we would have been -- it would have been a stampede right into our country.

So I just want to thank the military. I know you're still working with us on it. And I'm -- unfortunately, I have to tell you that they have another one forming. And we'll handle that as it happens. And we're working with Mexico. We appreciate that. But we're working with Mexico very much. Attorney General, pleased say a few words.

And thank you very much. And what you're saying is interesting, because you'll have a wall or a barrier and then you won't. And what they do is they walk up, can't get through. They come in and they eventually find an opening. And it's the openings where they come in. And we don't want to have the openings.

We're going to have gates where they come in legally. But other than that, we don't want to have openings. And you'll see the crime rate in this country go way down. And we're already doing very well in terms of crime rate but it's not being helped by what's going on. We could make it a lot better. So I appreciate it very much.

Thank you very much, Ken. Brandon?

That's right.

That's right. He might be able to handle it. I don't know.

Thank you very much. And, Brandon, it's been -- you just sit here listening -- it's like not a contest. There's no two sides or anything. And all they're doing is looking at 2020. And they figure they can't win, maybe they can do this, or they can come up with some other issue. I can tell you about another couple of issues they're using, and -- because we've had great achievement.

But I won't consider myself to have that great achievement unless we can straighten out your border. And we're working on it. And your son and your brother will not have died in vain. I can tell you that. They will not have died in vain. It's a very important purpose to all of this. Very important. Monty, I agree, that's a very uncomfortable positon.

I don't know. I wouldn't want to be in that chair. But you're a tough guy. You can handle it.

Please, say a few words.

We should look at that, okay? I think -- I agree with you. I think you're right, Monty. I agree with you.

And the laws are a big problem. You know, they call one catch-and-release. You catch them and you release them. You know, other countries, for the most part, you go into the country and they say, Excuse me. These people -- get out. You have to get out. Sorry. And nobody tries to get in because they know they can't. With us, we take them through court proceedings.

We have to hire hundreds of judges. We got hundreds of judges. Hundreds of judges. You go through a proceeding. They check you in. Then they can't do the proceeding because there's 800,000 people now waiting. Eight -- think of it -- 800,000 people. How ridiculous is this? If they set one foot on U.S. property, so to speak, they end up having to go to a trial.

So they take their name and they say, You can go now. Come back in three years. You have a trial. This is the United States law, by the way. And made worse by the Ninth Circuit. The Ninth Circuit is a disaster. Made worse by the Ninth. If you go to the Ninth Circuit, if you're on the other side of what everybody in this room is all about -- and, frankly, what most of the people in the country are all about -- it's almost like an automatic loss.

It's like an automatic loss. They take a case to the Ninth Circuit that's nowhere near the Ninth Circuit, that has nothing to do with the Ninth Circuit. So we're bucking a bad system and we're bucking a lot of things that are bad. And we're apprehending more people than ever apprehended before. But the laws are really against us, and we're doing well anyway.

But we have to do much better. And we can do only better if we have a physical barrier. Because this way we don't have the -- even with the bad laws, you have a physical barrier, they can't come on to the -- into our country.

When was that? How long ago?

Convicted?

Yeah. That's -- bad stuff.

Pastor, please.

Thank you.

Thank you, Pastor. Very nice. Good to see again. Appreciate it.

Thank you. Commissioner?

Absolutely.

Thank you, Commissioner.

Thank you. A little while. We'll be there in a little while. That's great. One of the things that Dan Patrick suggested, which I thought was very interesting, was give the state of Texas a relatively small amount of money and they'll build a wall themselves, because they want to build it. And I thought that was not the worst idea I've ever heard.

Although, I still think I could do it cheaper than you. I still think I could do --

But I do like the idea, and we're going to look at a couple of ways of doing it where you guys get it up. You do things very well in Texas. And I like that idea. So we'll take a look. And, Dan, could I ask you to say a few words, please?

These are the laws. Yeah. Terrible.

You're right. And it's not just what's going on at the border. That's really almost a lesser problem. They get through the border and then they filter out throughout the whole country. And you have MS-13 all over Long Island and all over other places. We're getting them out by the thousands. The ICE folks are doing incredibly at getting them out.

And they are rough and tough, but the -- I will tell you a little secret: ICE is a lot rougher and a lot tougher and a lot smarter. But still, it's a lot of people. A lot of people that they have to get out. But it's not the crime at the border, which has got its own problems; it's what happens once they get through the border and they're dispersed or they disperse themselves throughout the country.

And all of that crime is because of it. Yes, John.

It's great.

Please. Please.

That's great. Thank you very much. Thank you, John, very much. Secretary?

Well, thank you, Secretary. And you're doing a great job. And you're working hard, I will tell you that. She's working hard. Every time I speak to her, she's in a different location, usually along the border. And, Commissioner, you and the Secretary, and everybody else, we appreciate it very much. And we're getting there.

I think we're making a lot of progress. And I have to say that my sacred duty -- most sacred duty as President is to defend the people of our nation. That's whether it's from foreign nations or along a border. It's all defending our people and defending them properly and strongly and really rightly and justly.

And that's what I'm doing. And it would be a lot easier for me not to do this. It would be a lot easier not to say anything and let this go on. This should have been taken care of 30 years ago, 20 years ago, 10 years ago. It should have been taken care of. I've seen all the speeches made by all the Presidents and a lot people that worked under the Presidents.

And you say, What happened? Nothing happened. They were going to build this wall in 2003, in 2006. They were going to build it 20 years ago. They were going to build it forever. And little sections got built. And I will say, we've done a lot of renovation. And we have a lot of new wall going up where we took down wall because it was in such bad shape, and we put new wall up. We've done a lot of work, but we have work to do. So I hope that the Democrats get together and work on a problem that is truly -- it's compassion, it's everything.

It's also national security, just like it's a foreign country, it's a foreign world. In many cases, it is a foreign country. We're under attack in a certain way. And we're certainly under attack by criminal gangs, by criminals themselves, by the human traffickers, and by drugs of all kinds. Much of it comes through the southern border.

And if we can do a really great job -- and we will -- of putting up the barriers, putting up the walls, putting up the fences, putting up everything that we have planned; fixing what's good, but isn't working so well anymore because it's decrepit, it's old, it's torn up from years of abuse and all of the things that happen -- we will have done a great service.

And you know, somebody was saying that moving the embassy to Jerusalem -- I got it done. Every President talked about it for many, many years -- for decades. They talked about it. They campaigned on it. In every instance, they campaigned on it, they never got it done. Same thing here. Same exact thing. I got that done, and we're going to get this done too.

And this is really the defense of our country. And this is compassion, Pastor, very much so. It's compassion. It's compassion for our people. And we don't want to have situations like Reggie had and his family, where he lost a brother who was special. Or like Marie had with your son who was -- I mean, they still talk about your son as being such a great young man.

We don't want that. We don't want that. So we're working very hard. We're going to get it done. We are really on the right side of an issue. And I think actually -- I know you don't see it yet, but I have feel about things. I think the other side is starting to get it. I may be wrong, but I really believe the other side is starting to understand what's going on. They're on the wrong side of a very important issue.

We're going to have it taken care of. I want to thank everybody. And you're right, John, the mayors and all the representatives have done such a great job. And some of you I know. I'm sure I'll get to know the rest of you. But especially, I want to thank Marie and I want to thank Reggie for being here. And I want to thank all of the people -- Border Patrol.

Brandon, thank you very much. Border Patrol, ICE, and law enforcement for being here. We are with you 1,000 percent. Thank you. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.