Thank you all very much. It's a great honor. And I'll be here many times. We're building a lot of wall. We're going to look at a piece of it today. And I was just told it had a tremendous -- it's had a tremendous impact already -- the piece that we're going to be looking at. But we have -- under contract and under construction -- we have a lot of things happening.

And we expect to have close to 400 miles done within about two years from now. That's a lot. Four hundred miles will cover most of it. I just want to thank everybody for being here. We have some of our great, great people from the state. And of all places, it's California. And we love California. But those people wanted us to build wall and we got it built -- including the wall in San Diego, which is pretty much completed and it's had a tremendous impact.

That wall has had, Kevin, a tremendous impact. So I want to thank the Border Patrol Station in Calexio --Calexico, and it's been a great group of people. I just met them backstage. And the way you work is pretty incredible. And the job you do is beyond belief. We have a system that's full. It's just full.

And I was telling some of the people before: If it's full, there's nothing you can do about it. We have some horrible court decisions that have been made over the years. It's very unfair and that's the way it is. But the system is full. And when it's full, there's nothing you can do. You have to say, "I'm sorry, we can't take you." We've been trying to take people, and I have to disagree with it. We've been trying to take people and you can't do it. You can't do it. So we're going to look at that and we're going to look at it very, very strongly.

I'd like to thank Secretary Nielsen for being here; General Semonite, Chief of Army Corps of Engineers, for being here. Really, thank you very much. It's been fantastic, the job you've done. And you're going to be speaking later on and explaining exactly that's happening with the wall and how much. In fact, we're going to be doing some of it now, I think.

Probably a better time to do it. Commissioner Kevin McAleenan of our group. We have spent a lot of time together. And, Kevin, you're doing a great job. And thank you very much for being here. Appreciate it. California Assemblywoman Melissa Melendez. We appreciate very much. Melissa, thank you very much. I appreciate it. National Border Patrol Council President Brandon Judd.

Been a friend of mine for a long time. And making a lot of progress, Brandon. And I'll tell you, we're really making progress in letting people know that this is an absolute emergency. I see that some of our biggest opponents, over the last two days, have said, "You know what? It really is an emergency." They can't believe what's happening.

And part of it is because of the fact that the country is doing so well. And part of it is just a scam. People want to come in and they shouldn't be coming in. They shouldn't be coming in. And there are people that are causing problems, and gang members and lots of others. We're getting them out. We're stopping them, for the most part, but we're getting them out when they do get in. And nobody has done the job we've done.

National Border Patrol Council President -- so, I want to thank you very much. You've been fantastic. And several members of law enforcement. I want to also thank Leader Kevin McCarthy. He came in from Washington with us today. He's been an amazing leader. The relationship is the best we've ever had, I think, as Republicans -- the unification, the unified nature of what we're doing has been really something very special.

And I want to thank Kevin very much. You're doing a fantastic job. I appreciate it. And I think you and your group are going to be leading the charge on getting rid of some of these horrible loopholes that everybody knows is very bad. Whether it's catch and release or whether it's visa lottery, so many of them -- chain migration is a total disaster.

The asylum laws are broken. They're totally broken. And, look, I inherited this stuff, and we're going to get it fixed. We have to. So Kevin, I appreciate you being here and I appreciate you leading the charge. I also want to state that there is indeed an emergency on our southern border. It's been loud and clear.

We're in court and a lot of people aren't even bringing too many of the suits anymore. A lot of people are going to bring the suit; pretty hard of them to say there's not an emergency. We have a big emergency at our southern border. The United States had more than 70,000 illegal migrants rush our border.

They rush our border. And we have military, and these are great military people. These are people that are strong and solid and love our country. But they can't act the way they would under other conditions and there's not a lot they can do, but they've been doing it anyway. And we're going to bring up some more military.

And want to also thank Mexico, because Mexico -- and I'm totally willing to close the border -- but Mexico, over the last four days, has done more than they've ever done. We were talking about that before, Kevin. They're apprehending people now by the thousands and bringing them back to their countries, bringing them back to where they came from.

And I think you see that. That's at their southern border. And that's a big difference. That will help us, you know -- pretty much 90 percent, 80 percent. What do you think, fellas? Pretty close, right? But that's a big difference. They've never done that before. I mean, when I say "never done it," I mean, like, in 30 years, they've never done it like they're doing it right now.

So the crisis is a direct result of the obstruction by Democrats in Congress. And we have to do something about it. And we're going to. And I think a lot of the Democrats feel that way, too. I think they feel it. They see it. There's not much they can do, but to say, "Wow. What was that I just saw on television?" Since October, agents along the 70-mile stretch of border here in El Centro Sector have seen a nearly 400 percent increase in family units arriving in the sector.

And you compare that with other years, it's pretty amazing. But what we've done and what we're doing, you're going to see some very, very strong results. And as soon as the barriers -- or the walls; I like calling them "walls" because that's what they are -- go up, you're going to have a tremendous impact.

Where we are going to be, in a little while, I've heard from people in that area that the impact has been incredible. It's a colossal surge and it's overwhelming our immigration system, and we can't let that happen. So, as I say, and this is our new statement: The system is full. Can't take you anymore. Whether it's asylum, whether it's anything you want, it's illegal immigration.

We can't take you anymore. We can't take you. Our country is full. Our area is full. The sector is full. Can't take you anymore, I'm sorry. Can't happen. So turn around. That's the way it is. If you look at our southern border, the number of people and the number of the amount of drugs, human trafficking -- the human trafficking is something that nobody used to talk about.

I talk about it. It's a terrible thing. It's ancient and it's never been bigger than it is -- modern, right now, today. All over the world, by the way, not just here. All over the world. Human trafficking -- a terrible thing. And they come into the areas of the border where you don't have the wall. They don't come through your points of entry.

They come into areas where you don't have the wall. And they make a left, or they make a right. They come right into the country -- loaded up with people, in many cases. And it's pretty sad. By the end of next year, we'll have completed or begun construction -- and that's what we're really here with the Army Corps of Engineers for.

And I think what I'd like to do is -- while we're on that subject, General, if you could just give a little detail of the wall that's under construction, what we've built, where we're going, because the press never likes to talk about it. They don't like to talk about what we've done. It doesn't fit their narrative, but we've done a lot.

We've renovated a lot and we're building a lot. And maybe you could give a little summation of that now.

Thank you.

Thank you very much, sir. So you heard the numbers. The numbers are really spectacular. We've gotten it, and it's very, very tough to get money from the Democrats. So I'm getting it for everything else, but we don't get it for the wall. But the good news is we are getting it for the ports -- the ports of entry.

We are getting it for machinery. The detection -- drug detection machinery. We're getting a lot of money coming in and that's good. And the wall is like pulling teeth. It's pretty tough. I want to just say -- ICE Special Agent in Charge, Dave Shaw. Where are you Dave?

Dave, thank you very much for doing a great job. I appreciate it very much. We also have -- in addition to Kevin McCarthy, we have some of our great people in Congress. And I want I thank you all for being here: Doug LaMalfa, Duncan Hunter -- where's Duncan? Where's Duncan? Hi, Duncan. Hi.

Hi. He was right back there. Thank you, Duncan. Ken Calvert. Thank you, Ken. Thank you, Ken. Appreciate it. Chuck Fleischmann. Chuck, thanks. Great job you're doing. Tom McClintock. What a good name that is. My friend, too. Thank you, Tom, very much. Kay Granger. Kay? Thank you very much. Great job. And Mike Rogers.

Thanks, Mike. Really terrific. And they have been working hard. Working all the time. This is one of their big things that they work on. They feel so strongly about it. So with that, I'd like to maybe ask you to say a few words, Gloria.

And I appreciate what I see over there. That's very nice.

Right.

Good.

Yeah. Yeah.

Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very much. That's very nice. I appreciate it.

And usually, that 35 percent is coming around; they're not going over because, when people are watching, they're not going over. They're going around where it ends. So it goes, and it ends, and they'll go around because it's virtually 100 percent effective in terms of going through. So as we extend it, it becomes -- as you know folks know better than anybody -- as we extend it, it becomes virtually impossible, except for a Mount-Everest-type climber.

And there aren't too many of them.  It becomes virtually impossible to go through. So that's really something. Those are great. Thank you very much.

Wow.

That's nice.

Thank you very much.

That's beautiful. Thank you. Thank you, Gloria.

That's a heavy piece of wall.

Thank you.

Thank you. Madam Secretary, please.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Brandon?

Yeah.

We trust him. We trust him, I think.

Thank you.

Well, I just want to thank you. You've been an incredible representative of your men and women, I can tell you that. He's constantly getting us to do what's right. And Chris and so many others, you guys are fantastic and I appreciate it. Even from before I started, they were calling. They want to see it happen.

And it's happening. And I want to just thank you very much. I -- you know, when you talk about previous administrations -- so we have a stretch along the Rio Grande where -- and you people know exactly where I'm talking about. It's about 38 miles -- done by, actually, both previous administrations. It was sort of done as a combination of one going into the other.

And it's a wall -- not a good-looking wall. It's a wall. It's got 36 doors in it. Big doors. Very big doors. And they never put the doors on. So it's 38 miles with 36 doors that you can drive a truck through. There's only one problem: They never put the doors on it. So we're putting the doors on it. Or, even better, maybe not putting any doors.

I said, "Maybe you do it without the doors." Because putting the doors on cost most than the property is worth. I'd rather give the money for the property and just say, "Bye-bye," or sell it to somebody on the other side. But, I mean, literally, putting the doors on cost more money. I said, "What's the property worth on the other side?" "Much less than the doors." These are doors with the hydraulic.

They need hydraulic because they're so heavy, which is ridiculous in itself. But -- so that's the kind of thinking that went into this. So now we're filling up those big -- those big, gaping wounds in this wall. And it's going to have a big effect. And we're adding to it very substantially in that area -- the Rio Grande area.

And you know exactly the area I'm talking about, right?

You'd never saw anything like that. He said, "I've never seen this one before." A wall and big holes in it. So a lot of good things are happening. Would you like to say a few words? Please.

Thank you. Appreciate it.

Yes.

Thank you very much. And you're right about that. It goes into Iowa and Idaho and New Hampshire and -- you know, it's not the border, it's the border and then they come in and you end up in places that you would never think of -- of the kind of crime that we see. And it comes right through this border. It starts right here.

That's why, if we stop them at the southern border of Mexico -- which, right now, Mexico is doing -- that would be a fantastic thing. And I think that's happening. I think it's hap- -- never been before. Never -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. All of a sudden, Mexico is doing terrifically. They have to because you've all seen -- and I don't want to do this, but it would be a very profitable situation -- we're going to have to tariff the cars coming in from Mexico to the United States.

And if that doesn't work, which it will, we'll close the border. Somebody said it will take a year. No, it won't take a year, it will take a day. They wrote, you know, a lot of fake news -- I said, "in a year." Well, the tariffs will work, number one. But what will work -- really work -- is the closing of the border.

We hope we don't have to do that, but I'll do it because, ultimately, the security of our nation is the most important thing. And we're not even talking about the drugs, the massive amount of drugs that pours through. And it would have a tremendous impact. And we're going to be working on that. We've been working on that.

We've done a tremendous job on drugs coming into the country. If you look at some of the numbers -- we're having a news conference next week at the White House on the impact that we've had -- between opioid and all of the other problems we have -- with drugs. Different drugs than we had 10, 15, 20 years ago -- much different -- but also the drugs coming in through the border.

We've had a great impact. Joseph, would you like to say a few words? Looks like he's in good shape, this guy.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Very effective.

Right. Right.

Thank you, Joseph. The people of Calexico have been incredible. They've really rolled out the red carpet. We appreciate it. And, let me ask you a question -- you or Brandon -- or both, you could ask. What do you do when we have military and we have the great Border Patrol and we have everybody here, but you have big open sections for miles and miles before we build a wall?

We're building it now, but before -- how do you stop these large numbers of people coming? You're not -- look, other countries -- what they do is very, very tough. We can't do what they do. You understand that. We can't do what they do. We don't want to do what they do. But how do you stop these large, sometimes massive groups of people from just pouring through?

What do you do? Prior to the wall. Once the wall is up, it's easy.

Yeah. And --

And so, I just speak to the folks in the first, second, third row. They're very special people. And some in the fourth row I see. The system is full. Can't take anymore. Sorry, folks. Can't take anymore. Asylum -- you know, I look at some of these asylum people; they're gang members. They're not afraid of anything.

They have lawyers greeting them. They read what the lawyer tells them to read. They're gang members. And they say, "I fear for my life. I..." They're the ones that are causing fear for life. It's a scam. Okay? It's a scam. It's a hoax. I know about hoaxes. I just went through a hoax.  So, our system is full.

We're not taking them anymore. Okay? We can't do it. You can't do it. You know, you can go up to a point, but we can't do it anymore. Please.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

You know, you mentioned fentanyl. So, as you know, we're working on a trade deal with China -- that's part of it. They have agreed that they will not be -- essentially, not sending it. They're going to criminalize it, which it's not criminalized right now. And they're going to classify it in such a way that it's very hard to send, make, and a lot of other things.

So we have some pretty good things coming on, because it comes -- a lot of it, I guess most of it -- comes in from China. And President Xi, himself, has told me they're going to do that. We have an agreement and they have actually already started, so that'll help you a lot.

Some of it's coming right in here -- right to Mexico, and then across. So I think we're going to take care of a lot of it. Thank you very much.

Please.

Right.

Okay. Good. And we'll take care of it. And I agree with you.   Good job. We'll take care of it. Your turn.

That's true.

And by the way, it makes it much tougher for everybody.

I mean, they pour into these areas that -- sanctuary cities are a disaster.

They pour in. And a lot of the places in California, they don't want to be sanctuary cities.

They're actually asking not to be a sanctuary city, which is pretty incredible.

Absolutely.

Well, Jeh Johnson was great. He -- very strong statement. And Mr. Morgan too, who worked for President Obama, said, "This is a problem..." -- has been, not just now. I mean, this has been going on -- I think, probably, the economy and a lot of other things have brought them up even more. We've had some every bad court decisions.

The Flores decision is a disaster, I have to tell you. Judge Flores, whoever you may be, that decision is a disaster for our country. A disaster. And we're working on that. But I just want to thank you. Great job you're doing. We really appreciate it. We're going to get it taken care of. It's all going to come together.

Thank you. Kevin, please.

And they're central casting. I've never seen a group of people like this.  Everyone is in perfect shape. And you're proud of what you do, right? You wouldn't trade places with me for anything. I know that, right?  You're smart. Don't do it.  Don't do it. You know, Dave, you were mentioning before about, you know, people coming in and they come in and they come in. You don't have to take them in. When your system is packed, when you cannot get another person in, when every one of your detention areas is teeming and you have to let people go into a country -- they can't take them.

They can't take them. We don't have room. We don't have room. That means you can't take them. You understand it.

I don't think anyone has ever expressed it like that, but I'm expressing it like that. When it's full, it's full; you can't take them. They go back to Mexico and Mexico will bring them back to their country, okay? Or if they're Mexican, it's a step easier, frankly. And again, over the last four days, Mexico has been very nice.

Okay? So just to -- because you made a point. It was very interesting. But you can't take them; you can't take them. There's nothing you can do, okay? I'd like to maybe end by having a man who's really been a help, and that's Kevin McCarthy. You can speak on behalf of your great representatives that are here with you.

And maybe you could stand up and say a few words, Kevin, because you've been very much at the forefront of this fight. And you love this state very much.

Thank you very much. I really appreciate that. Great job.  Thank you, Kevin. And, you know, Kevin mentioned catch and release. You catch them and you release them. I'm saying this for them because you people all get it. It's the dumbest thing anyone has ever heard. Maybe -- I'm trying to figure out which is the worst -- which is the dumbest?

Is it chain migration or is it visa lottery? "Pick them out of the hat. Let's go." Do you think they're giving us their finest? I don't think so. Right? I don't think so. It's just -- it's crazy. And we have to work with the Democrats and get it all -- we have to -- look, we need common sense in our country.

This is about common sense. This is about anything other than common sense and that's what we need. Now, Gloria has asked me to recognize -- and she will recognize three people that she thinks are just outstanding. Please.

Thank you very much. That's a great job.

Thank you, Carlos.

Very good. Good.

Very important. Very important. Thank you. She'll get it done. On time, on budget -- maybe under budget, right? Under time, under budget. That's happened too, right? Thank you very much. Congratulations. I just want to thank everybody. We're now going over to look at the new section of wall. And we have a lot of it going up. And again, General, I want to thank you for the job.

You've really got it together. We have a lot of work under construction, but a lot more is coming in the very -- very, very soon. Money has been transferred. Money has been approved. And that wasn't easy. When you have people that don't want to give you money, that's not so easy. But we know we need it. We had no choice.

So I just want to thank you all. And let's go see the wall. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Well, Governor Newsom, honestly, is living in a different world. And that's a very dangerous world he's living in. And if he keeps living there, lots of problems for the people of California. They don't want that. They want to be secure. They want to be safe. And not only asylum, but many other things. Loopholes.

When you have asylum substation where rough, tough people with criminal records are asking for asylum, it doesn't work that way. So we have a full system. Nothing we can do. Thank you very much, everybody. Let's go.