Hello everybody. We're here to celebrate a great opening and a great gentleman, as you know, from Australia, Anthony Pratt, and, most importantly Anthony, we have to say, another great man. Come here. We have a fantastic evening the other night in honor of Australia, and this is the great Prime Minister. So Scott, I want to thank you very much. It's really nice that you're here.

Anthony is one of the most successful men in the world. Perhaps, Australia's most successful man as they say, right? Mr. Prime Minister?

He is -- he's building -- he'll be investing anywhere from $5 to $10 billion in the United States, and this is one of his great plants. You might tell them about that.

Fantastic. So fantastic. Thank you very much. So we're going to have a little ceremony, and you're invited to join us, and it's a lot of jobs. And I really appreciate -- I appreciate you a lot, you know that. You're my friend, and Anthony, you're fantastic. Thank you very much.

Oh, wow.

That's pretty good. Okay?

Thank you everybody.

Come on over, watch the ceremony.  How are you? You have some good pictures, huh?

So that's 100 percent recycled paper into a really, fine finished product. It's really amazing, Steve. They start off with all -- can I use the word "garbage"?

They start off with waste, garbage, and they end up building it into a -- making it into really great cardboard and paper.

A hundred percent of the plant.

That's the real deal, this one.

That's great news for America, and we also spend a lot in Australia. I think we're your largest investor, by far.

So it's been a great partnership. And never better than it is right now with Scott. And he's done a fantastic job as Prime Minister. But the relationship has been fantastic. But Anthony said, "If you win, I'm going to spend $10 billion in the U.S." I said, "That's okay with me." And then, we won.

And here we start.

What percent of paper, worldwide -- whatever

Well for you  For America.

That's moving up.

Right.

That's really some equipment. The finest equipment in the world. And more and more people are going this way. Normally, you take down trees and you make the paper. In this case, Anthony does 90, 95 percent out of waste, out of garbage, and they make incredible final product through a very -- through really a very -- a really costly but efficient process.

Well, Australia has been great, but we've been great to Australia. You know, we just have a very good relationship. A really great relationship. Your Prime Minister has done a fantastic job. Thank you.

Say it?

Yeah, well, we have some good ones. But this man is number one in Australia, they say.

Everybody is fighting for him.