It's a lot of big people I'm standing next to.  These are big, strong, powerful champions, right?

All champions. Well, I just want to thank everybody for being here. And we're very excited to welcome to the White House the 2018 FCS National Champions, the North Dakota State University Bison. And that's with a "Z". You know, I spell  -- . I actually took the "S" out, and I just put the "Z", because I didn't want to --

They said, "Sir, make sure you have it with a Z." Anyway, the First Lady, as you know, she's out working very hard -- the BE BEST campaign -- all throughout the country, for children. It's something very, very important to her, so she sends her warmest regards. And the Clemson Tigers -- I don't know, they're pretty good, aren't they, huh?

They're pretty good. Could you guys take them? Huh? What do you think?  I think -- I've looked at your record. You'd have a heck of a shot, right?

Well, they were here. And, you know, when -- your two great senators and a couple of others -- but these two guys, they really said, "Would it be possible to do this for this team?" And I said -- you know, I watched your championship game. I said, "Those guys are good. They deserve it. They really deserve it." You are special.

So it's an honor to have your representatives and your -- by the way, and your new congressional representative. It's a great honor. Great. Thank you. Come here, let me shake your hand. Congratulations on a nice win.

One congressman, two senators, huh?

And very important. How are you? Nice to see you. Absolutely. Good. Thank you. Say hello. Say hello to the Governor.

So I want to thank everybody. But before we begin, I'd like to start by sending our love and prayers to the incredible people of Alabama -- incredible state, unbelievable people -- and everyone affected by the catastrophic storms that struck the Gulf states yesterday. A town, schools, churches, and homes were devastated by tornadoes of a force like we haven't seen in a long time.

Historic. Our whole nation mourns for the more than 20 lives lost and for the heartbroken families they leave behind. I got reports on it this morning, and it was absolute devastation. It was -- it was just terrible. You look at the areas affected, and probably nobody made it out of that path. That path was brutal.

To the community of Lee County, we grieve by your side and we pledge our unwavering support to help you rebuild from the very depths of this horrible tragedy. This morning, I spoke with Alabama Governor Kay Ivey -- a friend of mine, a tremendous governor, tremendous person. And I've directed FEMA to provide immediate assistance to the great state of Alabama.

They're in there in full force. And whatever we can do, we're doing. They're already there. They got there last night. It's at times like this it's more important than ever to be close with the ones we love, and to cherish our friends and our family, and to unite as one nation. We're here to recognize amazing achievements of truly an amazing group of young skilled athletes and great Americans, but I just had to say that.

And I know everybody standing with me here -- all great Americans -- I know you feel the same way. So we're with the people of Alabama and the surrounding area. To the entire Bison team: Congratulations on winning this incredible season; it's really a season. You had great games, but this is a season. Seventh title in eight years.

We should be able to do that, senators, huh?

The most championships in FCS. That's right, you never get tired of winning, do you? Do you ever get tired? I don't think so.

Not these guys, that's for sure. But think of it: It's the seventh title in eight years. And you have some great football teams in that program -- I know that -- in that group. And you should all be incredibly proud. To Coach Matt Entz -- where is Coach? Coach.

Would you look at the way he stands back there? Hi, Coach.

He's a big guy. Get over here with me, Coach. Come on over here. Come here, Coach. Get over here.  I want to be near . We want some of that to rub off on us, right? And to Matt Larsen -- where's Matt Larsen? Where's Matt? Where is he? Get over here, Matt. Get over here. Did you pick the right coach?

I think so.

You picked the right everything, I have to say. I think you picked the right everything. Joining us are some of your biggest fans. You have a lot of fans. And I did watch -- I got to watch a lot of that game. That was quite a game. Senator John Hoeven -- been my friend for a long time, and I want to thank you.

And you and Kevin called, and you said, "Can we do this?" I said -- how long did it take me to say yes?

I actually said, "I saw the game." Okay? And it didn't take long, I can tell you. We also happen to love that state. Maybe I'd feel differently if it was someplace else, but it wasn't. A special place. So I want to thank John Hoeven; Senator Kevin Cramer, who has just come off a tremendous victory, and really, a tremendous victory.

And thank you very much. Come here a minute. That was fantastic. Really fantastic. To Representative Kelly Armstrong: Way to go. Congratulations. That's a job well done. North Dakota Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem -- where is -- hi, Wayne. Get over here, Wayne. Come here. Come here, Wayne. That's okay.

Don't worry, you have more power than all of them.  And to North Dakota First Lady Kathryn Burgum -- and I really -- it's great to see you. It's great to see you. Thank you very much, Kathryn. The Bison football team has achieved something truly remarkable. Through your grit, determination, and teamwork, you finished this season with a 15-0 record.

But your biggest win of all was a stunning 38-24 victory over the Eastern Washington Eagles. It was supposed to be a very good team. Were they good? What'd you think? Pretty good? Not as good as you guys, right?  Pretty good? Not bad, right?

You started strong, scoring 10 unanswered points in the first quarter. Senior quarterback -- I want to meet this guy -- Easton Stick -- that was some game -- led the way with 198 passing yards -- but that wasn't the big deal -- three rushing touchdowns, and two passing touchdowns. And this past year, he broke the Bison's all-time touchdown passing record with seven games left in the season.

That's not bad. Where is this guy? I want to -- wow. He's got the look, too. He's got that look.  Tom Brady here. Are you Tom Brady?  He's got that whole -- he's got that whole package.

You're the real deal, I'll tell you. I see that. That's great. Good luck. Good luck. What year are you in that ? Are you going back or are you going to -- what?

You just finished?

I think somebody better draft him.

We're going to be watching. That's fantastic. He's going to be a rich guy, huh?  That money --  money. Just don't worry about the money. Just do a great job. I think you're going to be fantastic. A really, really impressive young man and an incredible game. Both of Easton's touchdown passes of the championship were to MVP wide receiver -- here's another guy -- Darrius Shepherd.

Where's Darrius? Where's Darrius? Not bad.  What about you? What year are you?

So you're in the combine? You're out there?

Okay good. You're all set?

Come here. He'll be great. And Darrius also averaged an astounding 25 yards per catch -- that's pretty good -- including an incredible, during the big game, 78-yard reception in the third quarter. And that's one of the most spectacular catches and passes that we've seen this season for any team. And I do mean it. We had the Clemson Tigers here and I did the same thing.

We could've had chefs, we could've. But we got fast food because we know what -- I know you people very well, okay?  And I'm going to finish this quick because we've got to get that stuff, although it's being kept pretty warm. Every single time this Bison team took to the field, you gave it your all, proving to everyone that when you play with passion, love -- and you really love your team; you love you team, right?

Huh? You better believe it. Otherwise it's somehow probably not the same. And relentlessly reach for excellence, nothing is impossible. Congratulations once again to your team, your senators, your congressmen, to your state. What a place it is. I've been there a lot. Right? I went there a lot.

I worked hard. And now I'm going to be starting to work hard for you. Huh? You're going to win. You have my endorsement, by the way, in case there's any -- I don't know if -- I want to give it nice and early. You have my endorsement, 100 percent. Okay with you? Right?

You have my endorsement, 100 percent, John. And you've made your mark. Really, you have made a football mark. And I will tell you, I have watched a lot of teams and I think I understand this sport a little bit. And I've watched your team and that -- especially in that last game. You're really talented people.

Forgetting all the other stuff -- and you really have a tremendously talented team. And I would like to see you play a couple of those other competitors because I think it would be very interesting. I think it would maybe be a lot more interesting than people understand. But you're champions. You know you're good.

You feel you're good. And yet you're great people. And it's an honor. And as soon as these guys came up and they said, "Do you mind doing it?" I said, "I really want to do it. I look forward to doing it." And then we weren't going to do this -- because I've never done that before, before Clemson. But we were during a shutdown, and we had nobody working.

And somebody suggested. I said, "Yeah, but we don't have people working." But the staff is so good they would've come back. But I said, "You know, don't worry about it, fellas. Let's just go get some McDonalds, Wendy's." We have a couple of others, too. I won't get into too -- but we have all American.

Burger King. We have -- we like American companies. Okay?  We like American companies. And that's what we did. So, you guys -- that's right. "Chick-fil-A," they say. Chick-fil-A. . He knew. He knew better than I knew.  So I just want to thank -- now, before we waste any time, anybody want to speak, you speak.

But go grab yourself something. We can eat right here. In fact, I would have one right up here, but I don't think I want to do that because it will be too big a story for these people.  They'll say, "Isn't horrible? Isn't inappropriate?" But I would like, John, if you guys could say something just real quickly.

And if anybody is really desperate, go get it. Otherwise, you'll wait a couple of seconds. Come on up.

Absolutely.

Wow. Wow.

Thank you.

Oh, wow.

Good.

Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. That's the number, is right. Thank you, man.

Thank you. Thank you very much. You know what I'm going to do?

Say just a word. I'm going to ask the Coach to say a word, too.

Please. Come on up. Come on up. Start it off, Easton. He's probably going to be a politician someday.

We'll be watching you on Sundays.

Right?

Coach, please. Say something.

We'll do that. Thank you, Coach. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Yes, absolutely. Dean, please.

You have done a fantastic job. Thank you very much. Thanks, Dean.  Please, come on. Come here, Darrius. How about Darrius? We're going to watch Darrius on Sunday, too.

Does he have big speed?

Way to go, man. Thanks. Thank you. Go eat up. Enjoy yourselves, everybody. Kathryn, thank you very much. It's great.

I cooperate all the time with everybody. And you know the beautiful thing? No collusion. It's all a hoax. You're going to learn about that as you grow older. It's a political hoax. There's no collusion. There's no anything. Folks, go and eat up.