Well, thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister. And we've become great friends, and our countries have never been closer. I can say that with surety. And we work together in many ways, including military. But we certainly work together on trade, and we'll be discussing trade today. You did indeed have a landslide election.

That was a great election. Seventy-two percent, as I understand it. And that, in the United States, would be called a very big victory. And you deserve it. You've done a great job pulling everybody together. You had many factions. I remember when you first took over, we were talking, and you had many factions and they were fighting with each other.

And now they all get along. And you just -- you've really brought it together, and I think it's a fantastic tribute to you and your abilities. Thank you very much for the relationship and the friendship. And I think we're going to have a -- some very big things to announce. A very big trade deal. We're doing some very big things with India in terms of trade, in terms of manufacturing, in terms of -- we will be discussing 5G. It's a big subject nowadays, and other things having to do with like manner.

So, it's been a lot of fun being with you. We've had some good talks already. And, again, I think you'll be hearing some very productive elements come out. We had a joint meeting with -- as you know, as the press was there, we had a very successful meeting with Prime Minister Abe. And we also are going to be announcing some very big trade transactions, some very big trade deals.

They're moving many plants -- auto plants -- into the United States. And they announced some more this morning, and we're very happy about that. So, again, I want to thank you, and I want to congratulate you. And I look forward to talking. Thank you very much.

I think we just -- we'll continue to get along with India. India is doing very well as a country. We're doing very well as country. We have picked up, as you know, many trillions of dollars in worth and value at the United States. And I think we consider, right now -- we'll be discussing it with Prime Minister Modi -- the hottest -- we're the hottest country in the world, the United States, right now.

And everybody wants a part of it. A big factor and a big relationship is that of India, and so we're going to be discussing many things. All very positive. I think you will see and you will hear it's all very positive. The relationship with India, as I said, has, I don't believe, ever been better than it is right now.

Well, it's something we're going to be talking about. We understand the subject very well. We actually sell Huawei many of its parts. A lot of people don't know that, but the United States sells. We have great companies that are the leaders of a lot of what Huawei does, and we sell them a lot. So we're going to be discussing that and also how India fits in. We'll be discussing Huawei.

On who?

Well, it's the same message I've been telling you for the last three days. It's -- we have a lot of time. There's no rush. They can take their time. There's absolutely no time pressure. I think that in the end, hopefully, it's going to work out. If it does, great. And if doesn't, you'll be hearing about it. Thank you.

Thank you very much everybody.