Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have Prime Minister Netanyahu in the Oval Office. We've had numerous great meetings, and we talk usually about trade and military and lots of things. But today, I think we're talking about -- more than anything else, we're celebrating the Golan Heights.

It's something that I've been hearing about for many years, from many people. I've been studying for years. And this should have been done, I would say, numerous Presidents ago. But for some reason, they didn't do it, and I'm very honored to have done it. So I just want to say, Bibi, it's an honor to have you at the Oval Office. Thank you.

You have.

Thank you very much.

It's lasted a long time. We're glad it's over. It's 100 percent the way it should have been. I wish it could have gone a lot sooner, a lot quicker. There are a lot of people out there that have done some very, very evil things, very bad things. I would say treasonous things against our country. And hopefully people that have done such harm to our country -- we've gone through a period of really bad things happening -- those people will certainly be looked at. I have been looking at them for a long time.

And I'm saying, "Why haven't they been looked at?" They lied to Congress. Many of them -- you know who they are -- they've done so many evil things. I will tell you, I love this country. I love this country as much as I can love anything: my family, my country, my God. But what they did, it was a false narrative.

It was -- it was a terrible thing. We can never let this happen to another President again. I can tell you that. I say it very strongly. Very few people I know could have handled it. We can never, ever let this happen to another President again. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Up the Attorney General, but it wouldn't bother me at all. Up to the Attorney General. Wouldn't bother me at all.

No, I haven't. I haven't thought about it.