Thank you. Prime Minister Morrison, Mrs. Morrison, members of the Australian delegation, and distinguished guests: Today we celebrate the long, cherished, and unwavering friendship between the United States and Australia. The First Lady and I are honored to welcome you and Jennifer to the White House, and we look forward to hosting you for a State Dinner tonight in the Rose Garden.

It will be quite something. The unbreakable bond between America and Australia is rooted in eternal ties of history, culture, and tradition. Last year, our nations commemorated "100 Years of Mateship" since our gallant service members fought together in World War One. Today, we vow to carry on the righteous legacy of our exceptional alliance.

The close relationship between our two countries dates back to the earliest days of the American Republic. In 1792, during George Washington's first term, the American ship "Philadelphia" became the first foreign trading vessel to enter an Australian port. In the coming decades, American prospectors, whalers, and merchants traveled to Australia for opportunity and adventure.

They found in your people a kindred spirit. Americans and Aussies are loyal, bold, independent, and very, very resilient. With incredible optimism and grit, our forefathers built homes and nations in lands of endless beauty and possibility. Together, we share common customs, common values, common dreams, and common heroes.

In the First World War, our bond was sealed in blood at the Battle of Hamel in France. In the words of Australian General John Monash, the events that took place there "live forever in the annals of our respective nations." General Monash led the operation, and began the offensive on the 4th of July, 1918, to honor the Americans under his command.

On that Independence Day, the mighty Aussie and American forces charged uphill to push the enemy from the high ground and retake the strategically vital towns. In just 93 minutes, they liberated the village and helped turn the tide on the Western Front. It went very, very quickly. As General Monash later wrote, the Americans "were ever after received by the Australians as blood brothers." Since that day, Australians and Americans have fought together, side-by-side, in every major conflict.

In World War Two, the Aussies held the line against Rommel for eight harrowing months -- Tobruk. They sacrificed * our sailors during the Battle of Coral Sea. And 75 years ago, Aussie pilots patrolled the skies above Normandy on D-Day as we battled together to defeat the Nazis and rescue civilization.

The United States and Australia formalized our security alliance in 1951. Decades later, on September 10th, 2001, right here at the White House, our nations celebrated the 50th anniversary of that treaty. The next morning, September 11th, America was attacked and Australia invoked the treaty's mutual defense commitment for the first time ever.

In the weeks that followed, as our beloved sons and daughters deployed to defend our freedom, we took comfort in knowing that they would have Australian warriors right by their side. Today, on National Prisoner of War/Missing in Action Recognition Day, we pledge to forever honor our service members captured or still missing from battle throughout our history.

We work and pray for the day when all of our heroes return home. On behalf of every American, I extend my profound thanks to the people of Australia for sacrificing with us in our shared fights against the menace of fascism, communism, and radical Islamic terrorism. In the past century, the friendship between our nations has not only withstood the tests of time and war here on Earth, but also led our nations into the stars.

This year, the United States commemorated the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing. Today, we give thanks to the nation of Australia for its vital contributions to the extraordinary achievement. On July 20, 1969, when Neil Armstrong planted our great American flag on the face of the moon, the ground station broadcasting this iconic image to the world was Australian.

Together, our people have laid down their lives to protect our civilization from tyranny. We have pioneered some of the most remarkable advances in human history. And every shared endeavor, we have shown the world what it truly means to be friends, mates, and allies. As we begin the next century of our truly extraordinary partnership, I know that America and Australia will remain forever united in defense of our liberty, our sovereignty, and our most treasured values.

Thank you. God bless you. God bless Australia. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much.