Thank you all for being here. I especially want to thank Secretary Azar and Secretary Acosta -- they're doing a fantastic job -- for everything they're doing with respect to healthcare, and more affordable healthcare at that, for the American people. It's incredible some of the things we've come up with that are much less expensive than Obamacare, and in many respects, are much, much better.

People have to know about the options. We have a lot of options, and people have to know that. We're here today, though, to discuss how the healthcare system too often harms people with unfair surprises. They have some really -- surprises in a very negative sense: medical bills and the like. The pricing is hurting patients, and we've stopped a lot of it, and we're going to stop all of it. It is very important to me. My administration is committed to delivering a healthcare system that takes care of American people -- of the American people, and like they haven't been taken care of before.

And we can do that. It's a very difficult subject, it's a very complex subject, but we've all gotten to understand it very well. And the strides we've made are rather amazing. We want to take advantage of those strides now, and we want to let them be known to the American people, as we make additional headway.

We've already made that progress. In certain way we're lowering, and we will continue to lower, healthcare costs. We approved a record number of generic drugs over the past two years. If you look at what we've done -- and we're going to be putting out a list at the end of the week -- the number of generic drugs, which brings down the pricing.

They're just as good as the name drug. In fact, one of things that amazed me -- I was asking a few of the people, including Scott -- I was saying that, "What's the difference between the generic and a big-name drug where you pay much more money?" And they said, "Absolutely no difference." Do you still agree with that?

I mean, Secretary, do you still --

So, somebody is going to have to explain, why are they paying for the brand? Will somebody explain that please? Because they literally say there's absolutely no difference. Identical. And you'll pay four, five, six times more money for something that comes in a container that you're more familiar with. So we've expanded that greatly -- a lot of generic drugs.

Through the association health plans -- thank you, Secretary Acosta -- we've expanded access to affordable, high-quality healthcare, particularly for employees of small businesses and self-employed individuals. And we reduced average premiums on the federal Obamacare exchanges for the first time in the history of the horrible Obamacare.

Okay? It's the first time it's ever happened. We're working very hard to get those -- the pricing down, as we really do things that are going to make it much better, and ultimately, it will result probably in a court case termination, and then we'll all get together and we'll come up with real healthcare.

As the result of our efforts, prescription drug prices have declined in 2018 for the first time in over 50 years. So, prescription drug pricing has been very important to me. Think of that statement: For the first time in over 50 years, it's gone down in pricing. Is that a correct statement?

Because if it's not, you know, they're going to get us. Okay?  We'll be looking very strongly, so we have to realize that that's a very powerful statement. First time in over 50 years that prescription drug prices have declined -- that's in 2018. But the seen and unseen costs of healthcare are still taking an enormous toll on millions of American families.

And this is something that I inherited; unfortunately, you inherited it, and also the people inherited. And we're doing a lot about it. Half of all unpaid bills on consumer credit reports in America are for medical bills. One-fifth of credit reports include a past-due medical bill. And you think of so many other bills, but one-fifth -- a big portion of what people are having trouble with right now are medical bills, and we're doing a lot about that.

Nearly 40 percent of insured adults report receiving a surprise medical bill in the last year. Patients should know that the real price -- and what's going on with the real prices of procedures, because they don't know. They go in, they have a procedure, and then all of a sudden they can't afford it. They had no idea it was so bad -- of procedures, treatments, and medicines before they receive them.

And this is a big shock to a lot of people, patients and others. When you go to a grocery store, or you go to see a mechanic, you know the prices upfront, and you get a receipt that shows the cost of every item. Every single item. You know exactly what you're paying. You go and get your car fixed and you say, "How much?" But people don't do that with the medical to the same extent, and they get some very unpleasant surprises.

And one of the things that happens is when you don't make a deal upfront, then the doctor, or whoever it may it be, all of a sudden doubles and triples the price, because they figure you don't care or you're rich -- you have plenty of money; you don't have to worry about it. And we don't want that happening.

That's what we want to do with healthcare so that patients will know exactly what the cost is, what the quality is. And just think of it as a consumer. You're really a consumer at a very high level, and you can get some great healthcare. We have some plans that are great. but you have to go in and price them.

So I'd like to hear about some of the experiences of the people around the table. We've had some incredible experiences, some really eye-opening experiences, and we're going to hear that. But before we begin, maybe I'll ask Secretary Acosta to say a few words, and follow it up. Mr. Secretary, please. Okay?

Thank you.

Great.

And enough people don't know about it.

And better healthcare.

So you get better healthcare -- much better healthcare at a lesser cost. So, you know, people just have to know about it. And it's available now. And are you doing the 401? Or what are you doing with that?

So when will you have all of your various plans out, would you say?

Good. Okay, great. Thank you. Great job. Mr. Secretary?

Well, thank you very much. And thanks for the great job. And remember, as we get ready to leave the media, prescription drug prices in 2018 went down for the first time in over 50 years. And that's not by accident; that's because we did a lot of hard work, and it's going to continue to go down. And we're finally getting drug prices down for the American people.

And this was a one-way street up. And now, for the first time in over 50 years, prescription drug prices have gone down. So we're very proud of that. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

We're not considering anything, but all options are on the table.

We're just -- all options, always. All options are on the table.

I'm not surprised. It's really a shame what's happening with the Democrats. They've become radicalized. They don't want to see crime stopped, which we can very easily do on the southern border. And it really is a shame what's happening with the Democrats. This will go on for a while. Ultimately, the American people will have their way, because they want to see no crime, they want to see what we're doing.

Like, today, we lowered prescription drug prices, the first time in 50 years. They want to see that. The Democrats would never have been able to do that. So we're all working very hard. We'll have to respond to it. We'll respond to it in a timely manner. Thank you very much everybody.

China very much wants to make a deal. We'll see what happens. I like where we are right now. We're doing great as an economy. They're not doing very well because of the tariffs. But, as you know, fairly soon, that -- the deal that I made with them will come off. The tariffs will be substantially increased on China.

They're paying billions of dollars to the United States Treasury. First time we've ever done that. First time we've ever had money coming the other way from China. It's always been a one-way street. But I have a very good relationship with President Xi, and we'll see what happens. But we're doing very well in our negotiation with China.

One way or the other, it doesn't matter -- one way or the other, we're going to do well.

No, I would say he's been threatened by the truth. He's only been threatened by the truth. And he doesn't want to do that probably for me, or other of his clients. He has other clients also, I assume. And he doesn't want to tell the truth for me, or other of his clients. Okay, thank you very much, everybody.