Okay, thank you very much. The IG report just came out, and I was just briefed on it, and it's a disgrace what's happened with respect to the things that were done to our country. It should never again happen to another President. It is incredible. Far worse than I would have ever thought possible. And it's -- it's an embarrassment to our country.

It's dishonest. It's everything that a lot of people thought it would be, except far worse. So I'm going to get some very detailed briefing -- briefings. But they are -- it's a very sad -- it's a very sad day when I see that; a very sad day when a lot of people see that. They had no nothing. It was concocted.

And you say what you want -- that was a -- probably something that's never happened in the history of our country. Pam Bondi, I think you were able to look at some of the report and can address a little bit of it very well, if you might say a few words. I'd like to ask Kellyanne; I know you looked at it also.

Please.

Thank you very much. Kellyanne, please?

Well, they fabricated evidence and they lied to the courts, and they did all sorts of things to have it go their way. And this was something that we can never allow to happen again. The report, actually -- and especially when you look into it, and the details of the report -- are far worse than anything I would have even imagined.

What they were doing and what they would have done if I didn't make a certain move -- a certain move that was a very important move because it would have been even worse, if that's possible. And they might have been able to succeed. This was an overthrow of government. This was an attempted overthrow. And a lot of people who were in on it, and they got caught.

They got caught red-handed. And I look forward to the Durham report, which is coming out in the not-too-distant future. It's got its own information, which is this information plus, plus, plus. And it's an incredible thing that happened, and we're lucky we caught them. I think I'm going to put this down as one of our great achievements.

Because what we found and what we saw never, ever should this happen again in our country. With that, today we gather to discuss the urgent national priority that we've been working on so long and so hard: expanding education freedom through school choice so that every American child can get a great education.

We're grateful to be joined by Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary Betsy DeVos, Senators Ted Cruz and Mike Lee, Representative Bradley Byrne, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, Pennsylvania House Speaker Mike Turzai, Tennessee State Representative John DeBerry, and students, parents, and teachers from across the nation.

Some wonderful, brilliant students are with us. And we're going to be having a big session in a little while. As President, I'm fighting every day for the forgotten American. We are looking  pass criminal justice reform. We got that done -- criminal justice reform. They could have never done it without me. It was done by us. It wasn't done by anybody else.

They came to me. They've been trying to get it for many years. President Obama wouldn't do it or couldn't get it done. Maybe that means the same thing. But I got criminal justice reform done, but the press doesn't want to mention that we got it done. And we got it done soundly and good. And we had a lot of help, including from Mike Lee. Mike, that was something.

When I heard Mike was in favor, I said, "Boy, he's pretty conservative." That's pretty something. But it worked out. It's working out very well. And it's a big step, and we're proud of it. And I think when you look at the African American community in particular, they are the biggest beneficiaries of criminal justice reform.

So we're honored to have helped. We passed the criminal justice reform and the legislation to target resources to distressed communities. Our economy is lifting up citizens of every background. You saw the new reports coming out on unemployment. They're the best in the world -- best we've ever had. The best this country has ever had.

Historic records. We have the lowest unemployment in the history of our country for African Americans, Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans. And, overall, we're just about going to break the all-time record. We're very close. But now is the time to fight for the forgotten child, and that's what we're doing with respect to education.

For decades, countless children have been trapped in failing government schools. In my administration, these children are forgotten no longer. Just like I said I was going to do it for different groups of people, and we did it. We have the strongest economy probably in the history of our country. The numbers came out, as you saw on Friday, with a number of jobs that nobody believed possible: 200- -- well over 200,000. They were thinking about 50. Some people thought it would be 50,000, 60,000. You saw how badly Canada did.

We had 266,000. Canada had an unbelievable period and is going through something. And yet, we are right there. And the whole world is not doing well. And we're doing phenomenally well. We're doing better than -- we're the hottest economy in the world. We're doing great. And frankly, it's hard to believe we could even do better.

But if the world were doing better, we'd do better. That's the way it's set up. We've made tremendous progress in the last three years -- far greater than anyone thought possible. So we have the hottest economy in the world, by far. Nobody close. If you look at Europe, if you look at Asia -- China is having a very hard time.

We're doing well with China in our trade deal. But they're having a tremendously difficult time. The worst time they've had in at least 57 -- it was 57 two weeks ago; now it's much more than that -- number of years. Fifty-seven years. And yet, we do record-breaking numbers. So that's great. We broke the stock market record -- I believe it's 132 times, during the course of less than three years as President.

So that's something. And, by the way, you were great on television this weekend. I admired that very -- you did a fantastic job. Everyone is talking about it in a very positive way, too. So, congratulations, Ted. He's a hater. He's definitely a hater. That came out loud and clear. Congratulations. Lawmakers in 44 states, Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico have empowered some parents to choose a better future for their children, for their child.

But school choice waitlists are growing, and, sadly, not everyone wants to give these students the education and freedom that they deserve. They're locked into a school system that's terrible, and we're working on that very hard. Betsy is working on it, full-time. About 30 hours a day, I guess, Betsy.

Right? That's what she does. But school choice waitlists are growing, and that's a -- that's a incredible factor. Everyone wants school choice. And we have certain groups that are very powerfully against that, but we're breaking through very strongly. This year, Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf denied 50,000 kids the promise of a better school.

Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, on the other hand, got 14,000 Florida students off of the waitlists. Really great. The waitlists were just ridiculous, and still are. I mean, they're still very long. That's where they want to go, Ron, I guess. Right? So congratulations to Ron DeSantis of Florida. We believe that every parent should have educational freedom for their children.

Earlier this year, I asked Congress to pass a federal tax credit to support state-based scholarship programs so we can provide over 1 million more students with school choice. People want school choice. They want to have their child go to a school that they want to have the child go to. It's very simple.

I look forward to hearing from each of you today. We're going to be discussing a lot of things that have happened in the last couple of years. Some great successes. And we're in the process of getting more. Education is a very tough subject because it's been grounded. And whether it works or doesn't work, the areas that don't work -- people seem to want to come at a certain -- a certain group of people.

And it's a very powerful group of people. They want it to stay that way. We don't want it to stay that way. Worldwide, we're probably ranked about 36th, and yet we spend more per pupil than anyone other country in the world -- far more per pupil. And we should be at the top of the list, not mired down toward the middle and even worse than that.

So I'd like to ask Mike Pence to say a few words. And we're going to go around the table, and we'll have a discussion. Thank you. Mike?

All right, very Good. Thank you very much, Mike. Excellent job. Mike Lee, would you like to say a few words --

-- on your feelings on education?

Very good. Thank you, Mike, very much. Ted?

That's right.

Thank you. Great job, Ted. Thank you very much. Betsy?

Good.

That's great. Please.

Great, Sam.

Good.

Well, I'll tell you what: That was beautifully done and beautifully said.  Good job. Good job. That was a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Samuel. Appreciate it.

Thank you. That's beautiful. Ron DeSantis, you have done a fantastic job with Florida, and I know Rick was very much into it. And now you've taken over and what a job you've done. Could you give us a little clue how to get it done on a large basis -- a very large basis?

And we're also very proud: Florida had the best year, economically, it's ever had in its history. And Okeechobee, as you know -- a lot of money put into Okeechobee and the Okeechobee Dam and all other aspects of it. And that's now on its way to being fixed, finally, after many, many decades of wanting to do it. And we've also spent a lot of money on the Everglades, and they've done a fantastic job on the Everglades.

But you've had the best economic year you've ever had, so congratulations.

Thank you. Great job. Walter? How about saying a few words?

What a beautiful job.

Come here. Great job. Man, how good was that? Great job.  So, Briana, how about a few words?

Great story. Thank you very much. Thank you.  Go ahead.

Sure.

Great job. So what do you want to do? After education, what do you want to do?

Wow. That's good. I could use you.  That's true. That's great. Great job.

Briana, what do you want to do?

That's great. And you love it, right?

That's fantastic. Congratulations. Samuel --

What about you? What do you want to do? You're out there now, and you're doing well. What do you have planned?

Very good. That's great. That's a great ambition. That's fantastic.

That's good. Thanks, Samuel. Beautiful job. Thank you very much. So, Walter, what do you have planned?

I can see that.  Great job. So, Denisha?

How are you?

Go ahead.

Thank you.

Great job. Great job. Thank you very much.

And Bradley? How about -- you've had a lot of experience in exactly what we're talk- -- you've seen it all different ways. What do you think?

Right.

Thank you very much, Bradley. Great job. Thank you. Betsy, go ahead, please.

Sure.

Absolutely.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Great job. Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much.

Dan, Lieutenant Governor of Texas and that is somebody that's very much involved in education, and done a fantastic job. Please.

Do you get weary? I don't think you get weary.

I haven't seen you weary. I've seen you in a lot of fights, but I've never seen you weary.

That's right.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

It's true. Thank you very much. Anybody else would like to say something?

Please.

Great story. Thank you very much. Thank you.  Please.

Yes.

Thank you very much, Mike. And you're doing a great job. And our state is doing a great job -- one of our wonderful states. They're doing a really well -- the Commonwealth, as we say. And really good. How are things going? How -- economically? Records.

Right.

Thank you very much. And you have more good news, because your steel industry, as you know, are doing very well.

Those are tariffs we taxed very heavily. We taxed the dumping of steel.

And the steel companies are doing incredibly well. They were finished.

Yeah.

No, they were ready to close up -- all of them -- and now they're doing great. It's one of the really incredible, untold stories -- the steel companies. And we need our steel companies -- for defense, if nothing else. But we need our steel companies. So you've had some very good news in Pennsylvania.

Thank you, Mike, very much. I appreciate it.

So that's the story. We're working hard on education. Things are happening at a rapid rate like we haven't seen before. And, Betsy, I want to thank you very much. Great job. And we'll get it done. I think this group will get it done. We have some fantastic representatives here, and you will -- you'll knock it out, Bradley.

So good luck with everything, okay? Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.

I hear they're doing very well on USMCA. I'm hearing very good things. I'm hearing from unions and others that it's looking good. And I hope they put it up to a vote. And if they put it up to a vote, it's going to pass. A lot of Democrats want to pass it too. And we look forward to that. But I'm hearing they're doing very well.

It's replacing probably the worst trade deal ever made, which was NAFTA. And this is one of the best trade deals ever made for our country. And we have some other ones coming, too. We did Japan, we did South Korea, and some others that are very important. But this is a very big deal. That's the biggest border in the world economically, believe it or not: our southern border.

And our Canadian border does a lot of business. But the southern border, people don't realize, the largest number -- in terms of dollars, the biggest in the world by far. Not even close. And with Canada, very big. So this is the USMCA, and I'm hearing a lot of strides have been made over the last 24 hours with unions and others.

So thank you all very much.

Yeah, I did. I watched a little bit. Very little. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace to our country. It's a hoax. And it should never, ever be allowed to happen again. Thank you all very much. Thank you.