Well, thank you very much. We're pleased to be with President Moon of South Korea. We have a long-term friendship, and we are making a lot of progress. We are working on tremendous trade deals. We -- as you know, we've completed a trade deal, and that's working out very well for both countries. That deal is completed now, and it's been in existence for -- solidly in existence for six months.

And it's been very good. And we intend to do some additional things on trade. Of course, we'll be talking about North Korea. We'll be talking the purchase of equipment. South Korea is one of our largest purchasers of military equipment. And we're working together very well.

Thank you very much.

Well, we'll see. Right now, people would like to see that happen. I want to know what's going to be coming out of it. We can know a lot before the summit takes place. We had, really, two very successful summits. There's been -- as you know, there's been no lessening of the sanctions. There's only been an increasing of the sanctions.

But very importantly, we have our hostages back. And that was a very big deal. And we got our hostages back. We have the remains of our great heroes from the past back -- a lot of them. And they're coming in, and they actually have a lot of them ready to start coming in again. So, a lot of things have happened.

Plus, there's been no nuclear testing at all for the last quite a long period of time, at least that we can detect. And the relationships have been very good. So, we'll see what happens. But we'd like to see if we can do something. And if we can, that would be great. And if we can't, that's fine. We'll see what happens.

But there's been no nuclear testing for a long time. A long time.

Well, we're working very much with the Republicans, and we're working also with the Democrats. But a lot of the Democrats are wasting their time on nonsense, on pure nonsense. So they don't have much time to work on guns, unfortunately. If they did, it would be probably pretty easy to do. But we always have to protect our Second Amendment.

It's very important. I saw where this character from Texas -- I can't imagine he'll get one vote in Texas. He wants to start confiscating guns. That's not a good thing. That's no good. It makes it actually much harder to make a deal when this Beto O'Rourke comes out and starts talking about confiscating guns.

When you do that, it makes it much tougher. But the Democrats are really just wasting so much time on -- on nonsense, on junk. And if they focused on this, they could get it done. But we have to protect our Second Amendment. We have to protect people that want and need guns. And we have to keep guns out of the hands of crazy people and sick people.

Very simple. It's not very complicated.

Sanctions where?

I can't -- you're going to have to speak up. Say it again. Sanctions. Go ahead. What was --

Where?

I'm not considering actions. We're getting along very well with North Korea. I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un. And we're not considering actions at all. There's no reason for actions. I will say this: If I weren't President, you'd be at war with North Korea, in my opinion. If the same group was in that preceded me, you'd be in a war with North Korea.

So we're not looking at any actions. We have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un. We'll see what happens. Maybe we'll be able to make a deal. Maybe not.

Go ahead.

More breaking news?

There's always breaking news. It's usually -- it's usually breaking fake news. Go ahead.

I don't know anything about it. You just told me it's breaking news, so I'll have to see it. You know, right now, I'm here. I haven't heard it.

When did this happen?

No, that is not the first time. Nope. We'll look into it. We're going to look into it.

We're going to look into it. I know nothing about it. You just told me it's breaking, so therefore I assume it's relatively new, like within the last four days.

Yeah. We're going to discuss that.

I will be discussing that.

Yeah. I will be discussing. We didn't have an agreement on short-range missiles. And a lot of people and a lot of countries test short-range missiles; there's nothing spectacular about that. But we will be discussing that also. Okay?

Well, we'll take a look at it. We're going to talk about it. But I didn't really discuss that with Kim Jong Un. That was never a part of our discussion. We did discuss nuclear testing and other things. And, frankly, he's lived up to his word on those things that we discussed. And we actually signed an agreement in Singapore.

We actually had two very good meetings. You would have been at war right now with North Korea if I weren't President. Thank you very much. Thank you.