So, behind us is the wall. That's the new wall. We've done a lot of it, and we're doing a lot more. You see it over here. This is, unfortunately, a protection that I guess you need, because you don't know who's on the other side of the border. I hope it works. This is just a concrete protector. But the wall behind it -- and you see it all the way down, and we're going to be building -- we've already built a lot of it. It looks great.

It's better and much more effective than the previous wall. And we actually can do it faster, and it's less expensive, if you can believe it. So it's better, faster, and less expensive. Other than that, who knows. Thank you all for being here. This is a great stretch of wall. You see where it's going. And this is going all the way up, and much of it just like this.

We have different -- different walls. We have some that are holding back water, so obviously this doesn't do that trick. But we have a lot of big concrete divisions that hold back various parcels of water. We have a lot of water going up. But this is -- I would say the majority would be in this style. And some of it's 30 feet, some of it's 15 feet, some of it's 12 feet, depending on the area.

Much of it's reinforced heavily. And very, very hard to climb. If you want to climb that, it's pretty sharp up on top, too. If you want to climb that, you deserve whatever you can get. But it's very, very hard. It's meant anti-climb. It's called "anti-climb." So it's a great wall, and it looks -- I think it looks fantastic.

Very see-through, so you're able to see the other side, which is a very important element. Okay?

No, no. No, you know what's interesting about California: They're begging me for the wall in San Diego. You know what. Because the people were pouring through in San Diego, going over the front lawns, going into people's houses. So they want the wall done in San Diego. And we did it, and then you hear they don't want the wall.

They want the wall. If you ever took it down -- they wanted that one so badly, and we did it. We did a great job. We stopped everybody virtually -- actually, everybody from coming over. It was a tremendous success. But California is always the first one to complain. And I don't mean the people of California; they're fantastic.

I'm talking about the politicians in California. They complain. When their forests go up, they complain. They got to take care of their forests a lot better. But when the wall -- they want the wall in San Diego but then they're always -- they're always the first one. So they were the first one to pull the National Guard, and they need the National Guard, especially in California.

So we're very proud of this. As you know, this area is an area that a lot of people used to come through. And since we've had it up, Kevin, I think not one person has been able to come through. These people can speak to it better than -- come on over here. You guys are my friends. Come on over here. Say hello to the fake news, fellas.

Fake news.

Well, we're going to see what happens. We want to have people -- we want to have everything just perfecto. We'll see what happens. But we may be going --

We may be going in a different -- you'll be seeing very soon. We may be going in a different direction. If anybody wants to speak up about this. So we just got this up. And I'd like you to -- Gloria, if you would. Gloria. Maybe you'll say a few words.

The only way, by the way -- and the only way they get in is by going around it; they're not going over it because you have a lot of tremendous people watching. They can't get the ladders and go over it. Plus, it's very dangerous. It's very high to go over it. So when Gloria says "65 percent," this is 100 percent, but when they go down further.

But we're going further and further out. Every day, we're building more wall and we're going further and further. And you'll be at 99.9, I predict.

Good. It's going this year?

Good. Please. Sheriffs, come on over here. That's central casting. You can't cast -- you don't have anybody in Hollywood that looks like these guys.

Thank you. We're with you 100 percent.

He got a good one. He got a good one.

This is a great group of people. Sheriff, say something if you'd like.

And they don't come here, the people that are opposed. Mostly Democrats. I mean, Republicans are for it. But mostly Democrats, they don't come here.

And we want them. We want them to come here. We could to take you to sections. Now it looks nice and calm because we have the wall. But if you would have seen this before we put the wall up, you wouldn't have believed it. But we could take you to sections that are so dangerous that you can't walk through them, okay?

You can't walk through them. So thank you very much, all of you.

Please.

Please, say a few words.

Thank you very much. Fantastic job.

Good. Thank you.

Well, we're going to shut it down if we have to. But Mexico can do it very easily. And they've been -- as you know, Jenny, they've been doing a very good job over the last four days. I will tell you, we're going to shut it down if we have to. We're going to tariff the cars coming in that they make in Mexico, if we have to. But Mexico has been doing a great job.

I want to thank the President of Mexico. He's the first one. He's really been doing a job. He's helping Mexico too, not only economically and not only because I won't be forced to shut it down or do the tariffs, but he really is helping Mexico. He's doing a great thing for his country. So I want to thank -- through your camera, I want to thank him, the President of Mexico.

Thank you. Anybody?

Nothing whatsoever. Nothing whatsoever. I have nothing to say about it. I got elected. They elected me. Now they keep going. I'm under audit. When you're under audit, you don't do it. But I'm under audit. Other people are under audit, and nobody would do it when you are going through an audit. And I always go through audits.

They audit me all the time. I don't know if they audit you, Sheriff. I don't know, do they audit you people?  I don't think these people ever get audited. They'd be afraid to audit you people. But -- so that's it. Any other questions?

I don't know. But I think he's doing a fantastic job. I think he's a fantastic Attorney General. He is so respected in the Department of Justice and by these people. It's what we need. He's a great gentleman. Thank you very much, everybody. We'll see you back at the next stop.