Well, thank you very much everybody. We appreciate it. A wonderful day, and a wonderful deal for a lot of people. Today, we're signing a breakthrough agreement that will make it easier to export American beef into the European Union. We've been under negotiation for quite a while. And our beef farmers, we didn't think were being treated fair, but the European Union stepped up and we appreciate it. And we have great representatives here with us today.

This is a tremendous victory for American farmers, ranchers, and, of course, European consumers because American beef is considered the best in the world. We are delighted to be joined today by Ambassador Robert Lighthizer, Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Censky, the European Union's Ambassador to the United States Stavros Lambrinidis, and Representative of the Presidency of the Council of the EU Jani Raappana.

I also want to thank Senator John Hoeven, my friend, for being here, along -- where's John? John. Good job, John. Along with the President of the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, Jennifer Houston. Thank you, Jennifer. And the President and CEO of the United States Meat Export Federation, Dan Halstrom.

Thank you, Dan, very much. Congratulations. The agreement we sign today will lower trade barriers in Europe and expand access for American farmers and ranchers. In year one, duty-free American beef exports to the EU will increase by 46 percent. Over seven years, they will increase by another 90 percent. In total, the duty-free exports will rise from $150 million to $420 million, an increase of over 180 percent.

My administration is standing up for our farmers and ranchers like never before. We're protecting our farmers. We're doing it in many ways, including with China. You may have read a little bit about China lately. Agricultural products and exports have increased by more than $10 billion, and beef exports have increased by more than 31 percent.

In another major win, we fully opened the Japanese market to U.S. beef. We also opened markets in Tunisia, Morocco, and Australia. I think you're pretty happy about all of that, right? You've never seen anything like that happen before, have you? Huh?

Not with your other Presidents, you haven't.  And we're reducing burdensome regulations that unfairly impact agricultural producers. When our farmers became victims of unjustified retaliatory tariffs from China and other countries, we provided $28 billion, over a two-year period, in relief. They were targeted, and we took care of our farmers and ranchers.

And I signed a historic farm bill, which provides our farmers with certainty and the kind of certainty that they need while supporting increased agricultural exports. The agreement that we are about to sign keeps one more promise to the great patriots of American agriculture. These are indeed patriots. They're always targeted first by other countries to try and take advantage of the United States.

They're the first to be targeted, but we take that target off their back. Opening markets for our farmers is about more than just an industry, it's about a way of life. Generations of hard work, passion, and dedication have gone into making America the largest producer of high quality beef anywhere in the world, by far.

We're proud of our farmers and ranchers. We love our farmers and ranchers. And with this announcement, we take one more step in giving them the level playing field that they have -- looking -- they've really been looking forward to this for many, many years. You folks know that. They want a level playing field.

That's all they want. And nobody can beat them. So I want to thank you all for being here. And now I'd like to invite a very great gentleman, a friend of mine, and somebody that's done a fantastic job for our country, Ambassador Lighthizer, to say a few words. And we'll follow that up with some of the very high officials from the European Union.

Thank you very much. Bob? Thank you.

Thank you very much. Very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much.

I like those hats.

We'll get you one.

Thank you very much. John, please.

Great, John. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much. Congratulations. Very Good. Please.

Thank you very much. Steve, please.

Thank you. Great job, Steve.

hank you. Congratulations. And we're working on deal where the European Union will agree to pay a 25 percent tariff on all Mercedes-Benz's, BMWs, coming into our nation. So, we appreciate that. I'm only kidding.  They started to get a little bit worried. They started -- thank you. Congratulations. Best beef in the world. Thank you very much.