Wow! Wow, what a group. Look at that quarterback. Oh, I want to be the agent of that tall, handsome quarterback.  Six-foot-seven. They say great athlete, and he's accurate. That's nice. Great job. And you're 18?

Boy, that's some -- you got a good future.  Good future. Congratulations, that's fantastic. And, Coach, congratulations. I mean, the whole thing. You --

And the coach -- you. What a job, huh?

What a job. What a job, Coach.  So, thank you all. We had a little something different. You know, we had to make a decision. We could have seen you in about two months, and I know a lot of you are off to all sorts of camps and they're all checking you out. And you're going to be wealthy as hell, in some cases.

In other cases, you're going to be coming back and you're going to have another great year. I don't know if you can ever do 15 and 0. I hear that's a first time, right?

Fifteen-and-oh.

Has that ever happened before? I don't think so.  So, I don't know, but you'll do as good, right? You'll do as good. But -- so, I had a choice: Do we have no food for you? Because we have a shutdown. Or do we give you some little, quick salads that the First Lady will make along with the Second Lady.

They'll make some salads.  And I said you guys aren't into salads. Or do I go out -- Lindsey Graham and Tim Scott -- do I go out and send out for about 1,000 hamburgers?  Big Macs. So we actually did. We bought 1,000 -- Burger King, all American companies. Burger King, Wendy's, and McDonald's. We have Big Macs.

We have quarter-pounders with cheese. We have everything that I like, that you like.  And I know no matter what we did, there's nothing you can have that's better than that, right?  And so we ordered. We literally have -- and I don't know, have they started eating and devouring?

I wanted to see -- so, it was piled up a mile high. I just wanted to see what was left. I saw it at the beginning. How much is left back there? How much? They go, "Not much."  Well, I want to thank you. I want to thank you for being here. We're truly thrilled to welcome to the White House the 2018 College Football National Champions, the Clemson University Tigers.

Very famous team right now, the way you're playing.  Very famous team. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. We had such a wonderful time two years ago. I got to know your President, I got to know your coach. And -- very special people. Really, very special people. What a job you've done, I'll tell you what.

And, Coach, what a job you've done. Very -- very unusual. You know, there are other teams with a lot of talent, and they're watching us tonight on live television. You got a lot of .  They're watching us and they're saying, "We'll get them next year."  And maybe they will, but I don't think you think so, Coach.

Right? You feel good about next year, right?

How many are coming back next year?

Enough. They'll have -- and a couple of new ones coming in, I'll bet.

Nobody is going to feel bad. That's good. Well, we're going to have you back. And you're going to be back. And I said that to you last time. But last year -- we skipped a year -- but I said to the coach last time -- I said, "You'll be back." And it turned out to be pretty soon. To the University President, Jim Clements; Board Chairman Smyth McKissick -- where is Smyth?

Come on, Smyth. You got to get up here, Smyth. Come on. I mean, you are the chairman.  Dan Radakovich. Where's Dan? Athletic Director. Come on, Dan. Get up here, Dan.  Coach Dabo Swinney. Everybody knows Dabo. Is he doing a good job? You're going to keep him for this season?  Huh? You're satisfied with his results, right?

I would think. And all of the incredible players here. And you are incredible athletes, incredible players. Congratulations on your stunning victory against a great team and your second national championship in three years. Pretty incredible. Joining us today, we have a few of our biggest fans: Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin, who is doing a fantastic -- where's Steve?

Couldn't make your team. We would never be able to make your team, that I can tell you. Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker, who is a great player. He was in the Rose Bowl, actually. Matt Whitaker right here.  I won't tell you whether he won or lost in the Rose Bowl, but they played a good game, right?

And he's a -- he was a great football player. Senator Lindsey Graham.  Lindsey? Acting Secretary of Defense, Pat Shanahan. A big fan of yours, too. Pat.  Another great friend of mine, and Lindsey's and everybody -- and is a highly respected man, big football fan: Tim Scott. Senator Tim Scott.

Thank you, Tim. Thanks. Congressman Jeff Duncan.  Thank you, Jeff. Great. Hi, Jeff. Also with us is our new Chief of Staff and a former congressman from the great state of South Carolina, Mick Mulvaney. He's doing a fantastic job. Thank you, Mick.  And we have a lot of other great politicians here.

Great successful politicians. And I have to say, what you've done is very inspiring to a lot of people -- to everybody. The Clemson Tiger football team has earned its place in the history books as the first team since 1897 to finish the season with an undefeated 15 and 0 record. Eighteen. Can you imagine that?

That's a long time ago, Coach.  Yeah, just do as well next year.  That is really -- 1897. The senior players on the team have won 55 games over the past four years -- an incredible fact. You're tied with the Alabama seniors for the most wins in Division I history. And the biggest win of all came in the final game between these two titans -- they are titans -- with a jaw-dropping 44 to 16 Clemson win over the Alabama Crimson Tide.

And Alabama went in, and they felt confident. But, boy, right from the beginning, the job you did. Trevor Lawrence -- where's Trevor? Trevor Lawrence.  There's Trevor. That's what I thought. Showed why he's among the best in college football, despite being a 19-year-old true freshman, throwing for 347 yards, three touchdowns, and no interceptions.

And, by the way, as I remember, a couple of not-bad runs, right? They said you're a great athlete, aside from everything else. And you're also an accurate thrower. It's nice to see. This season, he racked up more than 3,200 yards in the air, which is tremendous. And it's certainly not a bad way to start a college career.

Has there ever been a start like this of a college career for a quarterback, Coach -- I think, as a freshman? That's pretty good, right?

Yeah. I think the coach is satisfied. He feels good.  Trevor, he likes you, okay? You'll be -- I don't think you're worried about -- he's not being -- he's not worried about being beat out next season, I don't think, at the beginning. I don't think so. Although, there are probably a couple of guys in here, Trevor, you got to be careful, right?

There are probably -- who's gunning for him? Who? Whose hands? A couple of guys. Oh, look at them. I know how that stuff works. That's all right. Good luck to everybody.  Hey, lots of luck right now. It's a little -- great. The good news for Clemson fans is that he won't be eligible for the NFL draft for another two years, okay?

Good. Great career. Wide receiver -- I watch you -- Hunter Renfrow began his career -- where's Hunter? Hunter. Great.  Great job, Hunter -- as a walk-on. He finished it with two receptions in the championship game, and he was drawing coverage all over the place, wasn't he? I could see that. They were talking about it. They were all over you.

Drawing coverage anywhere he went on the field, which made it a lot easier for some of the other folks. So, great job. Great job, Hunter. Fantastic. Defensive coordinator Brent Venables is here today. Where's Brent?  Where's Brent? Wow. And I'll tell you, he didn't get a very good location here.

That's -- are you okay back there, Brent?

Okay.  Three times, your defense stopped Alabama cold in the red zone. True. An incredible feat -- a feat that people said couldn't happen. Alabama averaged 48 points per game this season. Clemson's defense held them to just 16 in the championship game. Amazing. Cornerback A.J. Terrell played a leading role, with eight tackles, a forced fumble, and a big 44-yard interception return for a touchdown that put Clemson on the board and set a course -- and really set the course for the game.

Right from the beginning. Coach Swinney says that "all of us have greatness inside of us" no matter who we are or where we come from. And, gentlemen, you proved that so much this season. The entire season. Not just the one game -- one game was incredible -- but you proved it over a full season. No bad moments.

It takes a special leader to bring out the greatness in others. Dabo Swinney is just that kind of a leader. I knew that when I met him two years ago. I said, this guy is a special guy. He inspires. He's a very unique guy. Isn't he? Really a unique guy. And he's getting a little embarrassed over here.  It's true, Coach.

It's true. So, Coach Swinney has brought Clemson eight consecutives, 10-win seasons -- and I know the competition that you have -- three Bear Bryant Coach of the Year awards, and now, a third national championship. And that's really incredible. Really incredible. The most important thing is he's helped countless young Americans set high standards for themselves, reach for excellence, and achieve their full God-given potential.

After the championship game, Dabo -- something was really, truly profound, people saw. He said, "When you get a young group of people that believe, that are passionate, that love each other" -- that's six-foot-nine and weigh 397 pounds of pure muscle --  -- he didn't say that, by the way, that's -- I add that, okay?

You know, that helps too, Coach, right? I mean, in all fairness, that helps.  "That sacrifice, that are committed to a singleness of purpose, you better look out, great things can happen." And that's what happened. Incredible people. You'll always go down as winners. The biggest winners. Fifteen-and-oh. What a beautiful message for our country: If we believe in each other, if we love each other, if we are committed to making life better for all of our citizens, then great things will always happen for America.

We know Coach Swinney is right, because you proved it with your incredible victory and, really, your incredible victories over a long period of time -- not even this season. So to all of the amazing athletes here today that wiped out more food than any human being has ever seen before, including me --  -- I've never seen so much -- thank you for inspiring America.

You really have. Fellas, you inspire our country. That was an inspiration. Tim Scott, Lindsey Graham, all of you here, I think that was a great -- Congressman, right? That was an inspiration for our country, especially from two senators that happen to come from your state. They were very happy, I will tell you.

They were very, very happy people. Very proud. Congratulations once again to the National Champions, the Clemson Tigers -- one of the best teams ever in the history of college football. Now I'm proud to introduce your coach, Coach Swinney, and your University President, Jim Clements. Very special people.

You know, it's very funny -- I meet people and I say, "Hello, how you doing? Everything good? See ya. Best of luck." And that's the end. I remembered these two people. They're very special people. And they prove that by winning like nobody else has been able to win. And, by the way, Clemson is also a great, great school.

So, thank you very much for being at the White House. It's a very special place; built in 1799. And it just has a special feel about it. It's just really an incredible -- an incredible building. It's an incredible home. Thank you all. It's your home. Thank you very much for being here. And, Coach, please say a few words.

And as your president said, that president, he has done some job. We can never forget the great job he's done as a school, as a university. That's a fantastic -- a fantastic place, with an unbelievable reputation on its own. I think we're going to take the entire football team down to another special place, the Oval Office.

And I remember two years ago --  -- two years ago, Coach, we did that. And a lot of other Presidents don't do that. And we did it, and it seemed to have worked, right?  Whatever it was. Because they all wanted to come back. So we're going to go; we're going to take the team down. I thought before I did that, I'd ask Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator Tim Scott -- two people that have represented your state very, very well and that love your team, and very special friends of mine.

So maybe I'll start off with Tim and Lindsey, and say a couple of words. And we're going to travel down to a very, very important location, the Oval Office. Okay? We'll do that. We'll take pictures. Good? He likes that. Good.  Please, Tim. Please.

Thank you, Lindsey. Thank you, Tim. So, Coach, let's go on down to the Oval. And if the team would just follow -- I'm going to say, follow your coach. Well, follow your coach. But let's go to the Oval. Let's take some really great pictures that you're going to have for a long time. A long time. And, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. A tremendous honor. Thank you. Thank you.