Well, thank you very much, everyone. King Salman of Saudi Arabia, he just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place just recently, just this morning, in Pensacola, Florida. The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter and that this person, in no way, shape, or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people so much.

So that was just given to me by the King of Saudi Arabia. And I can tell you, it's a horrible thing that took place. And we're getting to the bottom of it. All of the investigators are there now, and they're studying it very closely. And a terrible thing. And our condolences go to the families and to everybody involved, including the wounded.

We have some badly wounded people also. And we have to extend our condolences to them, and we'll be working with them all very closely. So I just wanted to let you know that was from King Salman. And today, we're here to talk to some of the very hardworking citizens who are benefitting from our historic record-setting campaign to eliminate job-killing regulations.

I will tell you, the market is up 325 points today on great job numbers. The numbers have been phenomenal, actually. Some people said -- so spot on, so good -- that they've actually never seen anything like it. And it's a long way from when people were rooting for a recession because they thought they could maybe win an election.

But we don't root for a recession; we root for success. And we're having tremendous success. I want to thank Vice President Mike Pence, who's here, right here -- Mike, thank you -- as well as Secretary Gene Scalia, Secretary Elaine Chao, Acting OMB Director Russ Vought, and Acting Administrator Chris Pilkerton.

Thank you all very much for being here. Appreciate it. Appreciate it very much. It's been an incredible period of time, economically, for our country. Probably the best ever. And we have the best unemployment numbers in over 54 years. We have the best numbers for African Americans. This came out today. Again, African American, Hispanic, Asian American -- the best numbers we've ever had.

Numbers for women are at a record number. We think that it will probably -- if it keeps going like this -- very shortly be totally historic. But they're at numbers that nobody ever believed possible. Nobody would have believed it. Frankly, in the campaign, I would have never said it, but I felt we were going to do very well.

That's despite the fact that we're paying interest to people that have their money in the bank and other countries are not. So they have a great competitive advantage, and yet we're, by far, far and away, the most successful economy anywhere in the world. We're doing better than any other economy in the world.

And, you know, we've created many trillions of dollars of wealth since the election. Other countries have lost many trillions of dollars. We're, by far, the largest economy in the world, and that was going to change. For many years, they were saying that was going to change, we were going to go to number two during this presidency.

That was years ago. And I guess that -- the wrong President got elected from the standpoint that there are a lot of people very unhappy about it. So they wish -- they certainly think it was the wrong President; they would have rather had somebody else because they're not number one. We're number one. And we're so far ahead that people can't even believe it. So we've had tremendous success.

We've had it together. This has been a great group of Cabinet members. And the people in the administration have done a really good job. It was just reported that we added another 266,000 jobs in November and we've also had very favorable numbers outside of the 266 , including some of the past numbers have been corrected in a very positive way also.

So we have 266,000 jobs, plus we've created 7 million jobs, since my election. Unemployment is at the lowest rate, as I told you, in many years. And in many ways, I think we can probably, very soon, say "historically." A record 158 million Americans are now working. That's the largest number in the history of our country.

We've never had 158 million people working. And we should be breaking the 160 million magic mark fairly soon. The stock market today, as you know, it's up 325. We've hit another record high. I believe that's 128 times -- something like that -- that we've broken the record, the all-time record for stock market highs.

And think of that: about 128 times, and we've been here for less than three years. So it's -- and that, I can tell you, is a record. 2.5 million Americans have been lifted out of poverty. African American, Hispanic America, Asian American poverties -- poverty levels, in the positive sense, have hit record lows.

That's something that nobody thought was going to be possible in a short period of time either. So they've all hit record lows. Our regulatory reform efforts are delivering prosperity to forgotten men, women, and children of America. We are seeing a middle-class boom led by blue-collar jobs. And that's one of the things that's so great: The blue-collar workers -- great workers of our country -- they're really benefitting tremendously from what we've done with the tax cuts and all of the other things that we've done.

And very big, I think, is the regulation cuts. Because even before we were able to get the tax cuts so successfully from Congress, we started cutting regulations immediately, and that had a big impact. And that's why we went up so much between the election victory. So you'd say, really, from November 9th, the day after the election, up until January 20th, the Inauguration, the stock markets and jobs went -- literally, went through the roof.

And if the election were lost, it would have gone right through the floor. It would have been a disaster. The soaring stock market is boosting pensions, 401(k)s, and college savings accounts at record levels. We've added $10 trillion in value to the economy, helping the small businesses that create two out of three new jobs.

Nearly every single state has seen record numbers. Almost every state -- I can tell you, every state I've been to in the last three months is having the best year they've ever had. And that's because of the federal policy. And they're very thankful. The governors are very thankful. The senators are very thankful.

They're all very thankful. So things have happened that nobody thought would be possible. But, literally, every state I go to is setting a record for their state -- individual states. And one of the states had just reported, and it's because of our actions, not because of their actions, this I can tell you -- because their actions are very negative.

California is doing much better than anyone anticipated because of what we've done at the federal level. So, I'm very happy about that. Next year, we will continue our bold deregulatory campaign. We'll remove costly burdens to make cars safer and more affordable. I don't know if you know what's going on. We're in a dispute with California.

California, in order to save a tiny amount of fuel, of which we have plenty -- and we have numbers that nobody would have believed possible. We're the largest energy producer now in the world, and we're an exporter of energy for the first in our history, really. But we can make cars much less expensive, much better, much stronger, and about the same, from an environmental standpoint.

Very close. But then, when you realize that many old cars will be taken off the road because they don't want to get rid of them because they don't want to buy the new cars because, frankly, they don't work very well. That little -- like this: You take that.  Sometimes, it's about that much gasoline.

It's a difference between $3,500, extra computers put on the engines, and all of the other things that you have to do. But the cars are much safer. Our cars are much safer. They're much cheaper. They're much better. And the reason they're safer is because they can be heavier because, right now, the cars are made out of papier-mâché.  And ours are actually -- we allow steel content.

And so people are getting very excited about it. We have some good support with the auto companies. The only ones that don't support are the car companies that want to be politically correct. But we'll end up in some litigation with California. But just remember: Our cars are safer -- and they are much safer, by the way -- and they're better.

They operate better. And, in every way, we think it's going to be terrific. And we have a lot of support from the car industry. And you're talking about a saving of $3,500 on average, per car. That's a tremendous saving. And one of the other things, from an environmental standpoint, many of the old gas guzzlers are -- that are spewing out bad things are going to be coming off the road.

Cars that are 10 years old and older, people will be going to the new cars because the pricing is better. And the net result of what happens environmentally is a very positive result because a lot of old cars are going to come off the road. And they won't come off the road with the California standard, but they'll come off the road with our standard.

So you have a better car for less money, and it will be safer. We'll end the regulatory assault on franchise small businesses, which a lot of the people around the table want to do, because they're very, very strongly affected. We'll provide greater financial freedom and flexibility for U.S. truckers. The trucking industry has gotten -- right, Elaine?

-- out of control. You might want to say a few words about that in a minute. But it's gotten out of control. And we're doing other things. The lightbulb: They got rid of the lightbulb that people got used to. The new bulb is many times more expensive. And I hate to say it, it doesn't make you look as good.

Of course, being a vain person, that's very important to me.  It's like a -- it gives you an orange look. I don't want an orange look.  Has anyone noticed that?  So we'll have to change those bulbs in at least a couple of rooms where I am in the White House.  But we're going back to the -- it's a double standard.

We have a standard of the new bulbs, and we have the old bulbs. And they're already making the old bulbs. Many people were complaining that the new bulbs were much, much more expensive. Many times, in some cases, more expensive. And the other thing, they're considered a hazardous waste that, because it's largely a gas technology, when the bulb is disposed of, you're supposed to bring it to a hazardous waste site.

I said, "How many people do that?" "No- -- nobody does it." And, you know, that's a bad thing. So you probably heard about it. You probably read about it. And you'll be able to buy lightbulbs that actually are better lighting, in the opinion of many -- and, I tell you, in my opinion -- and for a lot less money.

And so we're doing that. But you'll also be able -- if you want, you can buy the other bulbs also. And I'll tell you, even the bulb companies are very happy about that. But together, we're defending the American workers. We're using common sense. We have a situation where we're looking very strongly at sinks and showers and other elements of bathrooms where you turn the faucet on -- in areas where there's tremendous amounts of water, where the water rushes out to sea because you could never handle it -- and you don't get any water.

You turn on the faucet; you don't get any water. They take a shower and water comes dripping out. It's dripping out -- very quietly dripping out. People are flushing toilets 10 times, 15 times, as opposed to once. They end up using more water. So, EPA is looking at that very strongly, at my suggestion. You go into a new building or a new house or a new home, and they have standards, "Oh, you don't get water." You can't wash your hands, practically, there's so little water comes out of the faucet.

And the end result is you leave the faucet on and it takes you much longer to wash your hands. You end up using the same amount of water. So we're looking at, very seriously, at opening up the standard. And there may be some areas where we'll go the other route -- desert areas. But for the most part, you have many states where they have so much water that it comes down -- it's called rain --  -- that they don't know -- they don't know what to do with it. So we're going to be opening up that, I believe.

And we're looking at changing the standards very soon. And that's a little bit like the lightbulb, where you get a bulb that's better for much less money. We go back -- but you have the other alternative. And you'll keep the other alternative with sinks and showers, et cetera, too. But that's been a big problem.

So a lot -- a lot of the things we do are based on common sense. Somebody said, "Is that a conservative, is it a liberal thing? Is it -- what is it? What are we doing?" I said, "It's a commonsense thing." In so many -- so many of the things that we do, it's based on common sense, like the car. The car will end up with that net tremendous saving, environmentally, when you think of all the cars, the old cars, that will come off the road.

You'll end up with a very -- a better car. And you'll end up -- environmentally, it will be ultimately much better. So, with that, I'd like to introduce Mike Pence, our great Vice President. And, Mike, you might want to saw a few words and, very importantly, go around the table with a couple other people you want to introduce.

Good. Yeah.

Please. Yes.

Yeah, go ahead.

Right.

Now, did you write those regulations down? Did you think they're -- I assume you think they're unnecessary. Because some regulation is needed.

Do you know the ones that Barb is talking about?

Is that right?

And if we can do it, you do it.

Okay. Good. Thank you, Barb, very much. Thank you.

Thank you, Ryan.

Good job you're doing. I've heard some good things. Great. Thank you very much.

Great.

That's right.

Sure. It's too much. I agree.

That's great. Yeah, thank you very much. Good job. Good job you're doing. You know, we have a lot of things that we're working on. One of them is -- to build a road can take 22 years to get approvals. And we've got it way down now. We had -- we have roads where they've been going for many, many -- they've been going for decades.

Elaine knows this better than anybody. And at the end of 20 years --

Right? At the end of 20 years, you're literally -- you go for a vote, and you get turned down. So they've been trying to get an approval for 20 years, and then they get turned down, like 3-2 or something. And we've got that process down to four and a half years. It's going to be -- I think it's going to be two years.

We're going to try and get it down to almost one year. That doesn't mean a road or a highway doesn't get approved. But if they don't get approved, it goes quickly, so they get rejected quickly.

But they also, mostly, will get approved quickly. And Elaine is doing a fantastic job in bringing that down. We've had so many -- so many examples of roads that took 17, 18, 19 years to get approved. And by the time they get approved, they cost 50 times more and they have to do all sorts of turns to get out of certain areas, from an environmental standpoint, instead of being a straight and much safer road.

So we've been able to do that. And I think those people in the steel industry have been greatly helped by the tariffs, because the tariffs made the steel industry -- it's incredible what's happening -- the money that is being spent on steel today. I don't think we would have had a steel industry.

If I -- if I didn't get elected, you wouldn't have a steel industry, because, ultimately, every steel mill was closing. They were dumping steel at a level that nobody has ever seen before. And they were dumping it in order to, really, destroy our steel industry so that we had to buy from them. And now the steel industry -- if you look at what's going on, the industry is doing incredibly well.

They're building a lot of extensions. They're building brand-new plants where they never -- you know this, Russell -- they never built a new plant. I mean, they hadn't built one in years, and now they're building new plants all over the country. They're expanding existing plants all over the country.

And the steel industry is doing great. And it will start doing even better with what we're doing. So it's been very exciting, especially since the economy is now even stronger than at the beginning. And I think what I'd like to do is ask Larry Kudlow -- the great Larry Kudlow -- to say a few words.

The numbers came out today -- the job numbers and --

Yes?

Okay. Let's go. I hope you back me up.

I hope I get backed up here.

Good.

Great, Dana. That's great.

Good. We love the word, "at least," -- the words.  They like to hear that. Thank you, Dana. No, it's been a big difference in the steel indus- -- and many industries. But the steel industry, in particular, was -- we weren't going to have a steel industry. And that's so unacceptable, even from a defense standpoint.

I mean, can you imagine if we have to -- if we need -- if we need steel and we have to go to another country to get steel? And that was what was happening. Everything was closing down -- and very unfairly and done with purpose. I mean, these people were coming in with a purpose -- a negative purpose. So they're not too happy, but our people are very happy.

And the industry is doing fantastically well. It will soon be at numbers that will be almost like the old days and maybe like the old days. Larry Kudlow, you also had good manufacturing numbers today. I noticed 50,000 jobs or something created over a short period of time. And the previous administration said -- manufacturing -- "you'd need the magic wand." You know, we've all heard the statement.

But they basically said it was a dead business, when in fact it's one of the most important sets of jobs I think you can have anywhere. Could you give a little discussion as to what took place today when they announced the numbers early in the morning? Mr. KUDLOW: I would be happy to. Thank you, sir. By the way, you're right; we're still running over 500,000 new manufacturing jobs.

So that's a big plus. Just a couple of quick ones: The report today was plus-266,000 jobs for the month of November, but the prior two months were revised higher by 41,000. So actually, today's number is 307,000. After you and I spoke last night, I went back and crosschecked. And sure enough, this is the fourth-straight month of upward revisions from the prior period.

And that's a leading indicator of a strong economy. A couple of other quickies on this: 3.5 percent unemployment rate; that's near the 50-year low. Since you've been President, the average working family -- right? -- husband, wife, two kids -- after inflation, after taxes, has gone up $5,000. That's take-home pay -- $5,000. The prior two administrations were basically flat.

And then, part of this worker boom -- this American worker boom theme -- so since you've been President, the production workers are increasing their wages at a 3.7 percent annual rate. Okay? Production workers: 3.7 percent annual increase. Their managers' wages are rising 1.6. So, the folks on the line -- the folks wearing the blue collars or whatever, the folks getting their hands dirty -- they are working so well, their wage gains are almost twice the gains of their own managers.

You know what? I've never seen it before and, as you know, I've been around three or four centuries.  Great job. You did great this morning, too.

A lot of shows, and really did fantastic. Well, they're easy numbers really to work with, aren't they? Those numbers were great.

Yeah. No, it's very good. Really, very good. Elaine, maybe you want to discuss a little bit about transportation and, in particular, the highway and the building of the highways and the roads and everything that we're working on so hard?

And you're working on -- yeah.

Thank you very much. And you're working on air traffic control?

And that's something that, to me, is very important -- because we have a system that's obsolete. It's ridiculous. It's a ground-based system, which nobody can even imagine because that's a 40-year-old system. They've spent billions and billions and billions of dollars over the years trying to upgrade it when you can buy a new system -- brand-new, with the top of the line.

There are basically four companies that are in that business. But you can buy a new system for less money than it costs to renovate little pieces of this old, obsolete system. I've been in planes where the pilots don't even want to use our system. They use another country's system to land in New York City or to land in other parts of the country, like Oklahoma.

But they'll use somebody else's -- they'll use somebody else's system. Air traffic control -- it's obsolete, and we're working on a project where we make a deal to get a great system. And we'll -- hopefully, we can meet on that soon. Maybe with your people we'll talk about it, okay?

Yes, please.

Yeah. Number one. Number one by far. So, we've done very well with space. Gene Scalia, you've done a good job in that first short period of time. Right? Secretary of Labor. You want to just say what's going on? I know you called me this morning to say how great the numbers are.

What a job -- what a job he's done.

Great job. Great job. So thank you very much, everybody. Very successful period of time for our country. The most successful probably in the history of our country. We've never done anything like that. We've never had these unemployment numbers or employment numbers. And we're very happy about it. A lot of hard work.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Well, that's all being studied now. We'll have a full report on it very shortly.

We're not going to report on that yet, but we'll be talking about it very soon. It could -- we have a lot of great people looking at it and interviewing people in depth. And it'll be a report, and the report will come out very soon. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Could be. Could be.

Thank you.