Thank you very much everybody for being here. I'm honored to be alongside my great friend, Prime Minister Abe of Japan, to formally announce our first stage of a phenomenal new trade agreement with our close ally. They've been a great friend, and the Prime Minister has been my great friend. I want to thank Ambassador Lighthizer for his extraordinary work in these negotiations.

He works 24 hours a day. He never sleeps.  He's a great gentleman. When I first got this job, everybody was saying, "You got to get Lighthizer. You have to get Lighthizer." He's a great and fine man who also gets along with the other side, and in particular with Japan. They've developed a really great mutual respect.

I'm grateful as well to several members of my Cabinet for joining us this afternoon -- and that's Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Ross, Secretary Pompeo. And my thanks also to Representative Roger Marshall. In a moment, the Prime Minister and I will sign a document outlining the significant steps we're taking toward a fair and reciprocal trade agreement.

We insist on fairness and we insist on reciprocal -- we want reciprocal agreements from now on because -- and I'm not just talking about Japan. I'm talking about virtually every nation in the world. They have not been reciprocal. They've been one-way streets. Under the market access agreement that we're announcing today, Japan will open new markets to approximately $7 billion in American agricultural products.

Japanese tariffs will now be significantly lower, or eliminated entirely, for U.S. beef, pork, wheat, cheese, corn, wine, and so much more. This is a huge victory for America's farmers, ranchers, and growers. And that's very important to me. And it's very important that you report this news, as opposed to not reporting it, because it's great for our farmers, as you know, and ranchers, and for a lot of other people.

We also reached a deal for robust commitments on $40 billion of digital trade between our two countries. This will greatly expand commerce across cutting-edge products and services. Japan is one of America's most important economic partners. We are Japan's top foreign investor, by far. And Japanese investments in America supports hundreds of thousands of American jobs.

The deal we're announcing today will reduce our chronic trade deficit built up and taken effect over many, many years of dealing with other governments and other administrations, and it'll deepen our enduring national ties. It's a very important deal. Our teams will continue negotiations on remaining areas of interest to achieve a final comprehensive agreement.

We're negotiating very, very big transactions with Japan. Some of them -- I think probably all of them in the not-too-distant future will happen. This is a big chunk. But in the fairly near future, we're going to be having a lot more very comprehensive deals signed with Japan. So this is tremendous for our technology industries, but in particular, these are really big dollars for our farmers and for our ranchers.

I want to congratulate Prime Minister Abe. Not so long ago, he had a tremendous election victory. He won by a lot, and a lot of people say that it was only his friendship with President Trump that got him that tremendous victory.  So, Shinzo, I want to thank you again for your steadfast partnership.

I look forward to continuing to work closely with you as we pursue lasting prosperity and peace for our people. And congratulations to the people of Japan and congratulations on your great victory. Thank you.