Thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. I'll be heading to Alabama on Friday. So I think some of you will be joining me, but we'll be going down Friday. And we'll let you know times and when we're leaving, and how long we'll be there. It's been a tragic situation, but a lot of good work is being done.

And we've been in constant touch with the Governor, and also the Governor of Georgia. And so we'll be going to the area. We'll be -- Alabama and the general area. We'll see Governor Ivey. So that'll be on Friday. Thank you very much. And we're here today to confront a solemn crisis that requires urgent national action.

In a few moments, I will sign an executive order addressing one of our nation's most heartbreaking tragedies: veteran suicide. Our mission is to mobilize every level of American society to save the lives of our great veterans and support our heroes in need. We've worked very hard on Choice for the veterans and so many other programs, and done a really great job in so many ways.

Veteran suicide is something that's been an incredible thing to watch -- hard to believe. It's tragic. Today we can help end this crisis. I would like to thank Secretary Wilkie for being here today with us. He has done a fantastic job as Secretary. He is making tremendous progress at the VA. We are also profoundly grateful to be joined by many of our nation's leading veteran service organizations -- the best -- and all of the state and local veteran leaders.

And I want to thank everybody very much for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you all very much. I know how hard you've been working on this. Veteran suicide is a tragedy of staggering proportions. Hard to believe an average of 20 veterans and service members take their lives every single day. Who would believe that's possible?

There are more than 6,000 veteran suicides per year. The suicide rate among veterans is 1.5 times greater than that for non-veteran adults, and the suicide rate for post-9/11 soldiers has increased significantly over the last ten-year period. To every veteran: I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you.

You will never, ever be forgotten. We are with you all the way. I think you know that. Supporting veterans is a very, very important thing to me. And it's been very important -- from my campaign, from day one, and from before my campaign -- but from day one. Supporting veterans in distress is a critical priority for our entire administration -- everybody in the administration.

Last year, I signed into law the largest funding bill for the VA in its history, which included $8.6 billion for veterans in mental health services. I also signed an executive order directing the Department of Defense, Veteran Affairs, and Homeland Security to ensure our veterans have seamless access to mental health care and suicide prevention resources.

These efforts focus on veterans the first year after they separate from military service when they are at the heightened-risk area. The White House VA hotline has fielded more than 200,000 calls and successfully resolved 93 percent of the concerns our veterans brought to them. And they work very hard. It's been very, very effective.

We secured $206 million for VA suicide prevention programming. Every VA medical center now offers same-day emergency mental health care. These are crucial steps, but unfortunately most veterans who die by suicide have not been in the care of the VA. Many of them don't know about the programs that we have or the programs that we've instituted.

In fact, nearly 70 percent of those lost to suicide have not received care from the VA in the previous two years. They're just not aware of those great strides. They're just not aware. It's just not something that's on their mind. This grave problem can only be solved if our entire country works together to build communities that truly serve, support, and protect our veterans from the first moment they return to civilian life.

It's so different. They leave a military life and they go to civilian life, and it's just much different. We must keep our promises to those who keep us free. Through today's action, I am launching the PREVENTS Initiative -- "The President's Roadmap to Empower Veterans and End the National Tragedy of Suicide". This order creates a new Cabinet-level task force co-chaired by Secretary Wilkie.

The task force will create a comprehensive, national public health roadmap that brings together federal and local government, along with private sector partners, to improve the quality of life for our veterans and turn the tide on this terrible crisis. We're being helped greatly by our strong economy. Our economy is very, very powerful and makes it a lot easier for people to get jobs, including veterans.

And a lot of companies are actually giving priority, at our request, to veterans and they're very happy with the results. The task force will be charged with developing a national research strategy so that we can more effectively identify, intervene, and help veterans during a time of need. By investing in research and scientific advances, we can better understand the trauma our brave soldiers face and how to restore their faith and their health.

Under this order, my administration will also work with Congress to pass legislation providing resources and assistance in the form of grants to communities so that they can empower veterans with critical information, services, and networks of total, total support. We're going to take care of our veterans.

We're working so hard on this. We're making so much progress and we're going to take care of them like never before. Veterans are America's greatest national treasure and a lot of people understand that; some people don't. I will tell you, our single-greatest national treasure. They kept us safe and we're going to keep them safe.

They courageously fulfill their duties to our nation. Now we must fulfill our duties to them. Here with us today is Frank Larkin. His son, Ryan, followed in his footsteps to become a Navy SEAL. Terrific, terrific young man. Tragically, Ryan is no longer with us. Frank, we'd love to have you come up and just say a few words about your great son, please. Frank.

Very nice. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you, Frank, very much. Also here today with us is Thomas Winkel, a Marine Corps veteran. He is the Director of the Arizona Coalition for Military Families and the creator of a nationally recognized community collaboration model called "Be Connected." And, Thomas, if I might, could you please come up and say a few words?

Thomas.

So, Thomas, I heard one thing beyond all else when you just spoke so beautifully, and that was "from the highest rate ever to zero." That was a very big statement. So we're going to have to find out what you are doing. Somebody's got to get together with you. That's an incredible job. I've heard about it, too.

Highest rate ever to zero.

That's what it's about. That's what we're up here for. There has to be something that we can do.

Twenty a day? It's hard to believe. So thank you very much. Come here. Again, thank you very much. I'd like to ask a man who's really done an incredible job, before I sign -- Secretary Wilkie -- to step up and just say a few words. I'm so happy that he's our Secretary. If you look over the last fairly long time now that he has been Secretary, we've had so many good stories about what's happening, generally, at the VA. We're extremely of proud of Choice.

It's been many, many decades that they have been trying to get Choice, where a veteran can go out and see a doctor if the lines are long. They don't have to wait four days, nine days -- I always say three weeks, five weeks, ten weeks. Never get to see a doctor. People go on line and they're not feeling well, and they end up being terminal by the time they get to see a doctor.

And, by the way, we have great doctors. I have to say, I've heard -- one thing I hear: We have great doctors in the VA. A lot of people say getting there is tough but, when you see them, they're as good as anybody in the world. We have great doctors. But a man who has really put it all together is Secretary Wilkie.

So, Secretary, please say a few words. Please.

Thank you very much. Thank you, sir.

Good job. Thank you very much.  This is very important to me and to everybody here. Thank you very much.  Where's Frank? Here you go, Frank.

Thank you, Frank. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

The witch hunt continues. The fact is that, I guess, we got 81 letters. There was no collusion. It was a hoax. There was no anything. And they want to do that instead of getting legislation passed. Eighty-one people or organizations got letters. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace to our country. I'm not surprised that it's happening.

Basically, they've started the campaign. So the campaign begins. But the campaign is actually -- their campaign has been going on for the last two and a half years. So it's a shame. And the people understand it. When they look at it, they just say, "Presidential harassment." But that's okay. No administration has accomplished -- probably, you could say this with absolute surety -- in the first two years anywhere near what we have accomplished.

Whether it's the tax cuts; whether it's regulation cuts; whether it's the Veterans Administration -- what we've done with the Veterans Administration with Choice and so many other things that nobody thought would be possible to get passed; no administration has done in its first two years what the Trump administration has done.

So what the Democrats want to do -- they cannot stand the loss. They could not stand losing in 2016. I see it all the time. I see people getting on -- I saw a certain person get up yesterday. The anger. The anger. And they just haven't gotten used to the fact that we won a lot of states that haven't been won by Republicans in a long time.

But essentially what they're saying is the campaign begins. And instead of doing infrastructure, instead of doing healthcare, instead of doing so many things that they should be doing, they want to play games. President Obama, from what they tell me, was under a similar kind of a thing -- didn't give one letter.

They didn't do anything. They didn't give one letter of the request. Many requests were made; they didn't give a letter. It's too bad because I'd rather see them do legislation. We negotiate out legislation. We have so many things -- actually things that we agreed on, like infrastructure. But they want to focus on nonsense.

So I just want to end by thanking all of the people that are in this room today. Very special people. The job you've done for the VA is incredible. And just keep up the good work. And, Secretary, you've been fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you all.