Okay, thank you very much. And today, I'm delighted to welcome the governors from both parties to discuss the best ways to reform occupational licensing laws, advance childcare policies, and provide quality job training to all Americans so we can easily have some really phenomenal jobs, access to the jobs market and really fulfilling careers, and fulfilling careers of a lot of people.

Tremendous progress has been made. My daughter Ivanka has been working on this very, very hard for pretty much the last year and a half. And we've created over 10 million -- she has -- and working with some of the great companies, created over 10 million jobs. It's been an incredible job that she's done, and I appreciate it. Where's Ivanka?

Hi. Hello, darling. I guess, when you're a father, you're very proud of that. But I'm very proud of the job she did, so thank you very much.

Right. And with a lot of big companies.

Like Walmart and others that have really taken -- I mean, taken on half a million jobs; 250,000 jobs at a time. It's really been great. So we'll let you talk about that. Would you like to mention that right now? Go ahead.

So it's been amazing. We've traveled across the country and seen the best in-class examples where the private sector is really stepping up. We've secured commitments from them to do more. Tim Cook, from Apple, who was here today, who's also on the advisory board. Who just left. He just left our office.

Fantastic.

Really great job. Thank you very much.

Appreciate it. Very outstanding. Thanks to Governors Doug Ducey. Doug, thank you very much. Terrific job you're doing. Brian Kemp. Brian. Brian. How's it going? Pretty good?

I think so. Good numbers you have. Good numbers.

The state doing well?

Right. Well, I appreciate the job you're doing. David Ige -- thank you, David, very much. How's everything going?

Well, we got it done. It was a tough one, actually, but we got it done. And Kim Reynolds, everybody knows. Kim.

Well, we were there yesterday, and the ethanol has been incredible, what they've done. So it's a big boost for the farmers.

And Chris Sununu? Chris. Hi.

How's everything going?

You are doing well. I agree with that, Chris.

That's great, Chris. You're really doing a good job. Appreciate it. And Tom Wolf? Tom?

And we'll be talking about that. We're going to make some pretty strong statements todays. We're doing a lot about it. Bill Lee, thank you very much. Bill.

Thank you very much, Bill.

It's working well too, isn't it?

I've heard amazing things that you're doing with education in Tennessee.

So you're going to have to teach some other people, maybe.  Huh?

And Mark Gordon. Thank you, Mark, very much. Appreciate it.

Well, we're doing very well on the trade. And, as you know, the USMCA is coming along well. I think that, hopefully, it's going to get approved quickly. Everybody wants it. It's in Congress right now. It's in the House. And they're reviewing it. But everybody seems to want it. I think that's very -- I think that'll be a very bipartisan bill.

It's very much needed for the farmers, manufacturers. The unions like it. Everybody likes it. It's something that was very important, and it's -- as you know, Canada is totally in line, and Mexico is totally in line. And now it's up to us to get it passed. And it's going to have a tremendous impact, I think, on -- somebody was saying over $100 billion.

Very -- a lot of money and a lot of jobs, and, really, a lot of -- it's going to be -- it's going to make life a lot more transparent, in a certain way, which is a positive. But everybody wants it, and hopefully they can act quickly, because we can have that done very, very fast if we can get support from, really, the Democrats in Congress -- Nancy Pelosi.

They have to put the bill forward. People want it to happen. Let's see what happens. We're also joined by Secretary Alex Acosta. And, Alex, thank you for the great job you're doing. You're really doing a terrific job --

-- over at Labor. Thank you very much. Through our Pledge of America's Workers, and to America's workers, my administration has partnered with governors, many of whom are in the room. And you folks have been among the most active there are, and I appreciate it very much. And we all appreciate it very much, because it's been incredible.

And businesses to provide more than 9 million new jobs, and it's going to be over 10 million in a very short period of time. These are workforce development opportunities for the American worker. We've made historic increases to childcare, block grants that go to states to help families access quality childcare.

Due to our booming economy, a record number of Americans are rejoining the workforce, including former inmates and those recovering from opioid addiction. And the inmates -- it's a very special situation. It's never taken place like this. Because the economy is doing so well, you're doing great in your states, but the country is doing so well.

It's not so easy to get people -- and good people. And they're giving inmates and people just getting out of prison, they're giving them a chance. And I have to tell you, the receptivity has been incredible. They're doing really well. Never happened before. They had that stigma. And the stigma was making it very, very hard for them to get jobs.

And numerous employers have told me it's -- it's incredible. They wish they did it a long time ago. They're having tremendous success with the whole program. Call them prisoners, call them inmates, call them whatever you want to call them, they're really working out well. And people are very happy. Their employers are very happy.

So due to our booming economy, that's happening. And we're also helping a lot with the opioid addiction. We had a meeting yesterday that some of the media was at. And in some areas we're down 17, 18 percent with the opioid. And in some areas, we're down even more than that. It's been incredible. We're putting a lot of pressure on doctors.

We're putting a lot of -- a lot of pressure on different groups. And even education. But we're down, in some cases, more than -- and substantially more than 17 percent in a period of one year. So that was a tremendous meeting we had yesterday. To open up even more jobs for our citizens, we're working with states to address the burdensome and excessive occupational licensing laws, which really are very burdensome.

Would you say, Alex?

A big problem. Yeah. What are you doing about it?

Incredible. Okay. But you're going to solve the problem? Huh?

You make it easy for them, okay? Over the past 50 years, occupational licensing regulations have nearly tripled, keeping workers out of really good-paying jobs. And, for the most part, I guess, the states would be handling it. But you do need reference to the federal government. So you'll take care of it. And anything we can do, we're going to make it very easy for you to go very quickly.

In many states, workers must pay thousands of dollars and complete months -- and years, even -- of training to enter fields such as real estate, tourism, and many others. For example -- this surprised me -- nationally, the average training for cosmetologists is 11 times longer than the training for emergency medical technicians, and sometimes training costs $20,000 for a cosmetology license.

So it takes a tremendous amount of time. And we have great respect for cosmetologists, but there's something probably a little bit wrong with that. Burdensome licensing laws especially hurt military spouses, who may be required to become re-certified each time they move -- and they're constantly moving. It's amazing when I meet with military families; it's one of the big things.

They move. They're incredible, they're incredible workers, but they're there for two years, or three years, or less. And it's a bit of a problem. These regulations also harm low-income families who can't afford the time and money needed to get into these fields. Earlier this year, a gentleman named Governor Doug Ducey, my friend, signed a law into existence -- "universal licensing recognition," which accepts occupational licenses granted in many states.

I applaud Governor Ducey, and I always have. He's doing a fantastic job --

-- in a fabulous state.

Arizona is doing -- you're doing good -- for pioneering the change, and we hope that other states are going to follow Arizona's lead. And you really have been at the forefront. And we appreciate -- really appreciate that. Especially there.

Say a couple of words about that, Doug

That's been great. Yeah. We appreciate it. Thank you very much. And I think your border is looking a lot better. They're saying, over the last four or five days, there's been a real diminution, a real lowering of people running across, coming across, needing to be apprehended. What Border Security has been doing has been incredible.

They're apprehending.

You're seeing a difference.

Absolutely.

It's true. It would be so easy to do. We could sit down with the Democrats in a very short period of time. We need the votes; don't have the votes. We have to have the votes. And we could sit down -- and you know we could sit down -- in a very, very few number of minutes and get rid of --

We could solve the asylum problem quickly and we could solve the few loopholes; they have a few loopholes that are just horrible. No other country in the world has them. And if the Democrats would agree, we could sit down and solve that problem. In the meantime, Mexico has really stepped up to the plate.

I hope it continues. But there has been a lot fewer people running up. And they have 6,000 people on their southern border. As of today, it's pretty much -- their force is fully intact. And we'll be there and -- there's a big difference. But with all of that being said -- as Doug has said, it would be, really, to everybody's advantage if we could sit down with the Democrats and make a very fast deal.

We've been trying; they don't want to give us the votes, they don't want to give us the effort. And that's a shame. Because you have people dying on the border. You have people dying, you have children dying, you have women dying. You have the human trafficking. You have drugs coming across. It would have a tremendous impact, Doug, on the drugs.

And you have people coming across that shouldn't be coming across. You have gang members; you have a lot of other things. And we're apprehending them and we're getting them out. We have people all over the country. You'll see it's starting in a much bigger way over the next week and a half. But we have people all over the country.

ICE -- they're going out and taking out MS-13. We're taking out MS-13. We're going over the bad ones and getting the bad ones out. They've been here for a long time. And we're taking them out by the thousands. Thousands of people being taken out -- MS-13 and other gangs. They seem to be the worst, but I hear they have some others that are pretty bad too.

But we're getting them out. So, with all of that, if anybody would like to say anything while you have these wonderful people from the media here, please feel free. Would you like to go? Anything? Mark, would you like to say something?

I was waiting for that.

Really good job, Mark. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Chris, you're doing fantastically up in New Hampshire. Do you want to say something?

That's great. Great job. What are you at -- 2.4 percent?

Wow. 2.4.

But one of the most rewarding things is to see people coming off the sidelines and back into the workforce, and workforce participation rates, across the country, rising. So just in the last quarter of 2018, 73 percent of all new jobs were from people who were on the sidelines of the economy -- not even people on unemployment.

So it's really -- whether it's criminal justice reform, second-chance hiring, all the work we're doing around skills training, employers are getting creative and they're reaching out and they're creating better and more opportunities, better and more jobs for American workers. So it's very exciting.

And thank you for your leadership on this. Great. Thank you very much. Thanks, Chris. Say hello to your father. Everything good? He's some guy.

He's some guy. There was nobody tougher than him on me, and now there's nobody that's better. He's a great guy, actually.

Give him my regards, okay?

Tom? Please.

Wow.

Well, you made a great statement. I've never heard it before. The best people: people in prison and people that work on farms.  That one I've never heard before. But that's okay with me. You're making tremendous program, so that's great. Thank you very much, Tom. Brian Kemp, Georgia.

Right.

That was a big deal.

There is going to be action. Yeah.

Sonny is going to do a job on it, but it's going to go very quickly. And I think nobody else but this group would have been able to get it. That was a tough thing to get, and we got it for our farmers and for a lot of people.

Thank you, Brian. Thank you very much. Kim?

Yeah.

Right.

Good.

It's been a great experience. You've been fantastic. And on top of all that -- and Mexico and Canada are now buying a lot of stuff.

They're buying a lot of your agricultural products again. You know, that started as of a few days ago. But they are buying a lot.

Yeah, well, they have to get that ratified. Even before they ratify it.

But even before. They've been in for a period of time now, buying a lot of agricultural products. Hey, David, go ahead. Please.

Thank you very much, David. Appreciate it. Good job. Bill?

Well, you know, Bill -- thanks; that's really great. But very few people thought that criminal justice reform could get done.

And they've been trying to get it done for years. As you people know, they've been trying to get it done for many years, and we got it done.

And, I guess, they're going to even make some modifications and some additions to it as time goes by. And we got it done from some very liberal people and from some of the most conservative people in the country. It's an incredible thing. Some of the most conservative and some liberal folks, and they all pulled together.

We did something that everybody said could not happen.

And it was a tremendous package, and part of what we're talking about is the prison reform and all of the other things that we're doing -- many, many things. And so it's an honor to be involved with that. But it was really something. And Jared and Ivanka, and so many of the people -- a lot of the governors helped.

A lot of the governors. States like Texas and states like Kentucky. And some states where they're pretty tough states, Doug, right? Like you? But some pretty tough states. They were -- they had done it long before the federal government. You couldn't get it done in the federal government, and we got it done.

So we owe a big thanks to a lot of people. But that was something that was never going to happen, and everybody pulled together and did something very special. So, it's great. I'd like to ask, maybe, a man who's been with me for a long time, and he's still with me, but he's going to be going from -- he's going to be working from the outside a little bit, as opposed to the inside.

Now, he can actually speak even more vociferously.  Kevin, could you say a few words? Tell them just briefly where we've come from and where we're going.

Great job. Thank you very much, Kevin. Really, a fantastic job that you've done. And I know you'll just keep it going. Maybe from a different little location, right?

Thank you. Very, very talented man. Thank you.

Thank you, everybody, very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you very much, everybody.

think about it.

I'll talk to you later. That's an interesting question.