Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have President Bolsonaro with us from Brazil. He has done a very outstanding job; ran one of the incredible campaigns. Somebody said it, a little bit, reminded people of our campaign, which I'm honored by. But it was a tough, well-fought-out campaign. And we are going to be discussing, today, Venezuela.

We'll be discussing trade. We'll be discussing many subjects. And Brazil is a great friend. I think probably because of the relationship that we have, Brazil and the United States have never been closer than they are right now.

Thank you very much. That's very nice. Thank you. And I think -- before we begin, I think we would like to -- you know, Brazil is a great, great soccer power and a great country. And we're going to present that, and I believe they have one also. But you know all about Brazil being the great soccer power.

They have great, great players. I can still remember Pelé and so many others. You've had a fantastic history. So we're going to exchange jerseys. I see that we got one, and this is the U.S. National Team. And so that's an honor to give that to you. Thank you very much.

Yeah, right. Right.

Yes.

Well, we're looking at it very strongly. We're very inclined to do that. The relationship that we have right now with Brazil has never been better. I think there was a lot of hostility with other Presidents. There is zero hostility with me. And we were going -- we're going to look at that very, very strongly, in terms of whether it's NATO or it's something having to do with alliance.

But we have a great alliance with Brazil -- better than we've ever had before.

Well, we have. We're working on different military sites and military options. We're working on visas and going in a much easier fashion. All of that is good. And we have many things that Brazil would like, and I think we're working on those things. One of the big elements of the relationship is trade. Brazil makes great product and we make great product.

And our trade has been never as good as it should be in the past. And in some cases, it should be far, far more. So I think our trade with Brazil will go substantially up in both directions, and we look forward to that. And that's one of the things that Brazil would like to see. Steve. Steve.

Well, we don't want to say exactly. I know exactly what I want to happen in Venezuela, but we're going to be talking about different things. All options are on the table. And it's a shame what's happening in Venezuela -- the death, and the destruction, and the hunger. Hard to believe one of the wealthiest countries is now one of the poorest and most impoverished countries.

So we'll be talking about that in great length.

I am supporting their efforts to join, and we are just going to decide -- I think I can speak for both countries: All options are on the table. Every option is on the table with respect to Venezuela.

We haven't even discussed it. We're going to discuss it today.

I'm very unhappy that he didn't repeal and replace Obamacare, as you know. He campaigned on repealing and replacing Obamacare for years. And then he got to a vote and he said, "Thumbs down." And our country would have saved a trillion dollars and we would have had great healthcare. So he campaigned.

He told us, hours before, that he was going to repeal and replace. And then for some reason -- I think I understand the reason -- he ended up going thumbs up. And, frankly, had we even known that, I think we would have gotten a vote because we could have gotten somebody else. So I think that's disgraceful.

Plus, there are other things. I was never a fan of John McCain and I never will be. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

He does.

He does. He has my full support.