Well, this is a very exciting day because he's a great champion and we love champions. It's wonderful to have you in the Oval Office with your family and your friends.

Thank you very much. And thank you all for being here in the Oval Office on this very joyous occasion. Today, it is my privilege to present our nation's highest civilian honor to a beloved basketball legend and a true American original, Robert Cousy -- commonly known as "Bob" Cousy. Bob, congratulations on receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest award you can receive.

We have the Presidential Medal of Freedom and we have the Congressional Medal of Honor for the military. And it's great to be with you. We're grateful to be joined by Senator Joe Manchin and his wife Gayle. And Joe called me up quite a while ago and suggested this idea. And, Joe, I'd like to -- maybe if you could just go to the mic, say a few words about your relationship with Bob.

Certainly.

You were a big part of this.

Yeah, thank you very much, Joe.

Thank you, Gayle, very much for being here. Appreciate it. Also with us are many members of the Cousy family, including Bob's daughters -- Mary, Cindy, and Marie. Where are you now? Where are you? Hello. Congratulations. It's a big deal. And his grandchildren, Zachary and Nicole. Thank you. Congratulations.

And his sons-in-law -- Randy, Bruce, and Joseph. And they're good sons-in-law, I assume, Bob. Right? No complaints?

I'll bet they are. Bob grew up during the Great Depression on Manhattan's East 83rd Street in an apartment without running water. In 1941, at the age of 13, Bob picked up a basketball for the very first time. He devoted himself to the sport, and soon honed a unique ability to play equally well with both hands.

He had a very unique talent. He had equal ability with both hands, they say. I won't ask you whether or not that's true. Is it true?

That's pretty -- pretty unique. And Bob never forgot the lesson his first mentor taught him: Don't ever be predictable. Hey, I've heard that lesson, too. Not for basketball, for other things. By his senior year of high school, Bob was named captain of the Journal-American's All-Scholastic team, and people started calling him the "Houdini of the Hardwood." It started very early.

It's called talent. You either you have it or you don't. In 1946, Bob enrolled at College of the Holy Cross and joined the Crusaders, where he quickly built a large following of fans. In one of the biggest games of his sophomore year, his coach, for whatever reason, benched him. I'll bet that's the only time that ever happened.

The team was behind by seven points with only five minutes left to play -- it was a very, very important game -- when the fans started going crazy. "We want Cousy! We want Cousy!" A lot of fans, too -- 8,000. That's a lot, at that time. The coach had no choice but to put Bob in the game. And Bob immediately went on to score 12 quick points, leading his team to a epic, come-from-behind victory.

And I don't know if the coach kept his job or not, but --. I don't know, why do you think, Joe? I think I would have gotten rid of the coach. By the end of his collegiate career, "The Wizard of Worcester" was a three-time All-American, and was on his way to being drafted into the NBA. Everybody was talking about him.

They were talking about him all over the country. Joining the Boston Celtics in 1950, Bob quickly established himself as the preeminent point guard of his day. He was ranked number one in assists for 8 of his 13 NBA seasons, all of which were spent with a team known as the Boston Celtics. Great team. By his second season, he was the third-highest scorer in the league.

In a legendary 1953 playoff game between the Celtics and the Syracuse Nationals, Bob demonstrated exceptional grit in one of the roughest games in the history of basketball, including 107 fouls. That's a lot of fouls. Bob forced the game into its first of four overtimes that propelled the way to victory, scoring a record 50 points.

And Boston won by quite a bit because he just went wild in that last overtime. In 1954, Bob organized the NBA Players Association, a first-of-its-kind union for major American sports. He was elected the association's first President and fought for better working conditions and a more reasonable schedule for players.

Bob's activism helped him produce many notable reforms, including a pension plan for NBA players. Bob was also a passionate advocate for equality and justice. At Holy Cross, he wrote his senior thesis on the persecution faced by minorities. While playing for the Celtics, Bob heard that his friend Chuck Cooper, the first African American drafted into the NBA, could not stay in the same hotel as the rest of the team in the segregated South.

Bob responded by leaving the state with his teammate, and he wasn't a happy person. And he became very happy because what happened after that is very legendary. Bob was right at the forefront. Throughout his long career, Bob was a voice against prejudice, racism, and bigotry. After 1,026 games for the Celtics, Bob retired from the team in 1963. He had scored 18,973 points and made 7,882 assists.

They were records at the time. He was a six-time NBA champion, a 13-time NBA All Star -- wow -- and he was also league MVP. He was the first NBA player to be on the cover of Sports Illustrated. Bob went on to coach the Boston College basketball team to a 117-38 record. In 1973, he coached the U.S. National Team to victory against the Soviet Union.

He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1971, and later became the first inductee to serve as its president. He coached the Cincinnati Royals and briefly reactivated in 1969, setting the record for the oldest person to play in the NBA. Am I allowed to ask how old that was?

Well, that's pretty good. That's pretty good, huh? Over the years, Bob has also poured his heart in countless charitable causes. He was named the "Big Brother of the Year" in 1965, taught youth basketball, and created a scholarship for underprivileged children. It's an incredible life. Incredible life, you've done.

Great job, Bob.

But, you're one of the all-time greats in the history of sports -- not just basketball -- and an inspiration to us all. And today, America honors and celebrates everything that you have achieved. You've achieved so much -- and even beyond basketball. It is my privilege to ask the military aide to read the citation as we present Robert "Bob" Cousy with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Please.

Here's the mic, right here.

You take your time.

That's very nice. Thank you.

Well, I just want to say that -- first of all, that was beautiful. And congratulations to the family and all of your friends. And the last one -- the last great athlete to get it was Tiger Woods, about three months ago. Tiger got it.

And he -- I'm a Tiger fan, too. And he's a -- he did a great job. He did something that people thought was impossible and he won the Masters, and he was something. So, you're in very good company. There's some incredible people, as you know, in the past.

Okay. That sounds good. That sounds good. Thank you very much. That was fantastic. And I just want to, again, congratulate Bob and his family and thank you all. And Joe, thank you for that reference. That was a reference. When Joe Manchin called -- Senator Manchin -- he said that, "I have an idea: Bob Cousy." I said, "Done." He said, "You don't want to -- " I said, "No, I don't have to think about it. What's to think about?" I know his life.

I know how great an athlete he was. I also know he's done great things beyond that." So that was a very quick acceptance. I didn't have to call you back, Joe. I saved the phone call. So, thank you very much for that reference, and we're very proud of Bob Cousy. Thank you. Thank you, Bob. Congratulations.

No. The job numbers have been really good. We have unemployment at a level that it hasn't been at for many, many years. Fantastic numbers. The economy has been really fantastic. If you look at the world economy -- not so good. But the economy has been really fantastic. Thank you very much everybody.