Well, thank you very much everybody. We have a very important moment in our country's history, actually. And we had a lot of our great Republican senators in the White House, and I invited them over and many of them wanted to be here. And as you probably heard, the vote just took place, and it was 90 to 8. That's a vote that we're not accustomed to, Mark, I have to say that.

So congratulations, that's great. But I'm honored to be here today for the swearing-in of our new Secretary of Defense, Mark T. Esper. I especially want to thank Justice Samuel Alito -- highly respected and a great gentleman, a great man -- for joining us to administer the Oath of Office. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Sam. We're also delighted to welcome several of Secretary Esper's family members and friends to the White House today, including his mother, Polly. Hi, Polly.  Boy, are you proud of him, Polly? You better believe it. Yeah.  His wife, Leah. Thank you, Leah, very much. And his three children -- Luke, John, and Kathryn.

Thank you very much. Congratulations, too, most importantly. Congratulations. That's an incredible thing. There is no one more qualified to lead the Department of Defense than Mark Esper. A West Point graduate -- great student, actually -- Secretary Esper served our military for 21 years, including in the Gulf War. He also advanced U.S. national security in government and in private sector, most recently as Secretary of the Army, where he played a critical role training and equipping our armed forces.

That's where I got to know Mark. And there was nobody that did a better job than Mark and there's nobody that loves it more than Mark. And thank you very much. He is a recipient of the Bronze Star and Combat Infantryman Badge. He holds a doctorate in public policy from George Washington University and a master of public administration degree from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.

I am confident that he will be an outstanding Secretary of Defense. I have absolutely no doubt about it. He is outstanding in every way. And we're honored to have you aboard. And I would ask Justice Alito, please, to administer the Oath of Office. Thank you. Thank you, Judge.   Would you like to say something?

Please.

Thank you, Mark. Congratulations.

Fantastic. Proud of you. Come on over here.

He's going to be a great one. Thank you very much.