Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the Emir of Qatar -- a highly respected man, a real leader in a large part of the world and a very important part of the world. And we've known each other a long time. We've been friends for a long time. And we're doing a lot of work now. They're investing very heavily in our country.

They're creating a lot of jobs. They're buying tremendous amounts of military equipment, including planes. And they're buying commercial planes, as you know -- very large numbers of commercial planes from Boeing. And we very much appreciate it. We're going to be signing a document today -- a very large transaction.

You're going to be invited to the signing. It's a transaction that will be purchasing a lot of Boeing jets and a lot of money spent in our country, and that means a lot of jobs. So, we just appreciate everything. We have a great operation -- military operation -- right now in Qatar. They built one of the great military bases, I would say, anywhere in the world.

And it's just been expanded, with runways and everything else. It's been really a great honor to work with my friend. Thank you very much for being here.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. And I will say the base is incredible. It's -- what they've done there is absolutely -- and a great place to have it, right in the middle of the Middle East. And so it's -- obviously, it's a very important location. So thank you all very much. Yes.

I don't know anything about it.

Well, we're going to see what happens with Iran. Iran is doing a lot of bad things right now and they better be very careful.

Well, you know, I met Secretary Acosta -- the first time, I know -- when I made the deal to bring him on into the administration. I can tell you that for two and a half years he's been just an excellent Secretary of Labor. He's done a fantastic job. Now, part of it is our economy is so good; our unemployment numbers are at record lows.

You know, so many good things are happening. But the fact is he's been a very good Secretary of Labor. What happened 12 or 15 years ago with respect to when he was a U.S. Attorney, I think in Miami -- is it Miami?

You know, if you go back and look at everybody else's decisions, whether it's a U.S. Attorney or an Assistant U.S. Attorney or a judge -- you go back 12 or 15 years ago or 20 years ago, and look at their past decisions, I would think you'd probably find that they would wish they'd maybe did it a different way.

I do hear that there were a lot of people involved in that decision, not just him. I can only say this: From what I know -- and what I do know is that he's been a great -- really great Secretary of Labor. The rest of it we'll have to look at. We'll have to look at it very carefully. But you're talking about a long time ago.

And again, it was a decision made, I think, not by him but by a lot of people. So we're going to look at it very carefully. We'll be looking at that very carefully. Okay? Okay. Anything else?

Well, I knew him like everybody in Palm Beach knew him. I mean, people in Palm Beach knew him. He was a fixture in Palm Beach. I had a falling out with him a long time ago. I don't think I've spoken to him for 15 years. I wasn't a fan.

I was not -- yeah, a long time ago. I'd say maybe 15 years. I was not a fan of his, that I can tell you. I was not a fan of his. So I feel very badly, actually, for Secretary Acosta because I've known him as being somebody that works so hard and has done such a good job. I feel very badly about that whole situation.

But we're going to be looking at that and looking at it very closely. We're also going to be signing a big contract in a little while, so we're going to see you in a little while in a different room, in a different part of the White House where we're going to be signing up a big deal with Boeing. Thank you very much. We'll see you in a couple of minutes.