Okay, thank you very much. In a few moments, I will be signing into law the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act. This new law directs the Treasury Department to issue 400,000 one-dollar silver coins in a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of women securing the right to vote. Nobody is going to take that one off.

We just said -- nobody. Not with these women. We're pleased to be joined on this special occasion by Secretary Elaine Chao, Deputy Secretary Karen Dunn Kelley, Deputy Director Margaret Weichert, Acting Deputy Secretary Kate MacGregor, Administrator Emily Murphy, and Chairman Mary Anne Carter. Thank you all very much.

Also thanks to Senator Marsha Blackburn, who has been doing an incredible job, and Representative Liz Cheney, likewise an incredible job. And actually, I just learned something, Liz. Would you say what you just told me about Wyoming?

Number one. Number one.  That's pretty good, right?  Also with us are members of the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission: Executive Director of the Commission Anna Laymon; Treasurer of the United States Jovita Carranza; Assistant Secretary Susan Combs; President of Independent Women's Voice Heather Higgins; President of the Heritage Foundation Kay Coles James; President of the Susan B. Anthony List Major -- that's Marjorie Dannenfelser; President of Concerned Women of America -- that's Penny Nance; Julissa Marenco from the Smithsonian; Colleen Shogan from the Library of Congress.

Those are great names, I'll tell you.  But they're doing the job. The one-dollar coins that we -- will be issued under the Act will honor the vital history of the women's suffrage movement and celebrate many of the brave heroes who fought for the right to vote, such as Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Harriet Tubman, and Ida B. Wells.

All proceeds from the sale of these coins will go to the Smithsonian's Women's History Initiative. My administration will always celebrate the immeasurable contributions of women to every facet of American history and life. We will fight for every day, and we will fight every night. We'll make this happen, and we'll continue to make it happen -- this is going to be a tremendous success -- to ensure opportunity, prosperity, justice, and equality for all women in the United States.

And I'm now going to sign the bill, and then I'm going to ask you, folks, some of you -- whoever would like to -- to say a few words, okay? Let me sign this first.

This is a big one, right? You came all the way back for this signing, right?

Good.  So who should get the first pen, Marsha? Who?

That sounds reasonable.

That's a big thing. This is a great -- you've been working on this for years, right?  So -- and they have. They've been working on this for years and years. And I'm curious, why wasn't it done a long time ago, and also -- well, I guess the answer to that is because now I'm President, and we get things done.

We get a lot of things done that nobody else got done. But maybe you could say a few words, just on .

Wow.

Oh, great job.  And Jovita?

So why wasn't this done a long time ago -- years ago?

That helped.

You know what helps.

Please. Go ahead, Kay.

That's right.

You did a fantastic job. Thank you very much.

How about our chair saying something? Please.

Thank you very much. Great job. Really fantastic. Lynne? Thank you. Please, come on up. Lynne Cheney.

Your daughter.

She's the strongest.

Thank you very much. Who would like to say something?

Yes, you can.

That's good.

That's great. I've heard that. That's great. Fantastic. Proud of you.

Well, thank you. Great job. Anybody? Anybody? Final -- final -- Kellyanne? How about Kellyanne?

She's always very laidback and shy.

In five years, right?  Five years.

Thank you. They have been working very hard on this. So thank you very much. This is a very important bill, and it's an honor to be involved with it. And I'm glad we got it done.  This administration has gotten a lot done. Thank you.