So, thank you very much. We've been working on a deal with Japan for a long time. It involves agricultural and it involves e-commerce and many other things. It's a very big transaction, and we've agreed in principle. It's billions and billions of dollars. Tremendous for the farmers. And one of the things that Prime Minister Abe has also agreed to is we have excess corn in various parts of our country, with our farmers, because China did not do what they said they were going to do. And Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of Japan, they're going to be buying all of that corn.

And that's a very big transaction. They're going to be buying it from our farmers. So the deal is done in principle. We probably will be signing it around UNGA. It will be around the date of UNGA, which we all look forward to. And we're very far down the line. We've agreed to every point, and now we're papering it and we'll be signing it at a formal ceremony.

And I just want to thank Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people. You've been a fantastic friend, and we very much appreciate it. This is a tremendous deal for the United States. It's a, really, tremendous deal for our farmers and agricultural ranchers, and also involves other things, including, as I said, e-commerce.

So, it's very big and we look forward to it. And thank you very much.

Perhaps you may want to discuss the additional purchase of all of that corn, because we have a tremendous amount right now. And we've been working with the farmers and making very, very large payments for the unfair way they were treated by China. And the farmers are very happy. They like -- they like their President.

They're very happy. But I think it's even better, and I think they're even happier, when they hear you're actually buying their products. So perhaps you could say a couple of words just about the hundreds of millions of dollars of corn -- existing corn -- that's there, that you'll be buying.

And the Japanese private sector listens to the Japanese public sector very strongly. I'm not sure. It's a little different than it is in our country perhaps. But they are -- they have great respect for the public sector. So when I hear the private sector has agreed to this, we're very happy about that.

And I'd just like to ask, perhaps, Bob, and your counterpart, if you'd like to say a few words.

Would you like to say something?

Thank you.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Yes. Go ahead.

Are you talking about with regard to China?

It depends. Are you talking about Japan or are you talking China? China is a very different situation.

Well, I can tell you -- I mean, on China, they remain. On Japan, they stay the same. They're staying the same. This is a massive purchase of wheat also, in addition to everything else. This is a very large purchase of wheat, and the very, very large order of corn will go quickly. But importantly, it's something that wasn't in the agreement that we may not even -- we may do that as a supplementary agreement.

But we appreciate that very much. We just agreed to that on the other idea of the door. So I just appreciate that very much. And we'll do a great job. And the farmers are very thankful. Thank you very much.

No comment. Okay? Thank you very much, everybody.