Thank you very much, everybody. It's a great honor. The stock market is up big today. It set a new record. I think it's the 22nd time this year, and it's over 100 times for the time that we're in office. We've set over 100. I think it's substantially more than 100. We'll get the exact number because I know you wouldn't want me to have that wrong.

They don't like that. But we're up over 100 times for the stock market. And that means jobs. That means companies are moving back into the United States that left. We have many, many companies coming back. The employment numbers are at a record. The -- or very close. And we just got a new number on African American employment.

It's the best it's ever been. You could say employment or unemployment -- they're the best numbers they've ever been. So we're very proud of what's happened with our economy. A few months ago, you were predicting a recession. Perhaps someday there will be a recession, but we have a long way to go. The consumer has never been stronger, and we're going to make the consumer even stronger yet, with transparency, because they're going to get much better pricing at hospitals.

So I think we can probably add this to the number. You saw median household income -- for President Bush, eight years -- was $450. For President Obama, for eight years -- eight years, think of that -- was $975. For President Trump -- a little over two and a half years -- when they did the final number, it was $5,000. And they add to that $2,000, thanks to Kevin and everybody.

Thank you, Kevin. You're behind me someplace, right? Add $2,000 or $2,500, Kevin. What would you say?

Right there? So let's add $2,000, and then add $3,000 for regulation, and add something for the energy savings. So you have $10,000. So it's $400 and $975 -- that's for eight and eight. And then, for two and half years, it's $10,000. That's not bad. But the consumer is very powerful, and this is going to make them more powerful.

So, welcome, everyone. This afternoon, we celebrate something that I'm very proud of: another major victory in our mission to deliver great healthcare at a price that you can afford. This will have a tremendous impact on prices. A certain gentleman, who is in the room -- who will say a couple of words -- actually said this is more important than healthcare.

And when he said that, my ears really perked up, and I listened. And they were right, and they gave me plenty of examples. And that person recently got the Presidential Medal of Freedom. His name is Art Laffer, and he's a very talented guy. Where is Art? Is he here? Yes?

Hello, Art. I didn't see you. I didn't see you back there. All right, stand up here. A great gentleman. And you brought a man here who's the king of that world. And -- hello. How are you? That's the guy. And you made that statement to me: "More important than healthcare." That was a big statement. As soon as I heard that, I said, "That sounds good to me." It's transparency.

So I signed, as you know, an executive order -- historic. And we're requiring price transparency in healthcare, forcing companies to compete for your business. It's a very important thing that we've done here. I don't think it'll be covered by you, but it will be in the years to come. Our goal was to give patients the knowledge they need about the real price of healthcare services.

They'll be able to check them, compare them, go to different locations, so they can shop for the highest-quality care at the lowest cost. And this is about high-quality care. You're also looking at that. You're looking at comparisons between talents, which is very important. And then, you're also looking at cost.

And, in some cases, you get the best doctor for the lowest cost. That's a -- that's a good thing. Today, I'm proud to announce two new actions implementing that order. First, we are finalizing a rule that will compel hospitals to publish prices publicly online for everyone to see and to compare. So you're able to go online and compare all of the hospitals and the doctors and the prices, and, I assume, get résumés on doctors and see who you like.

And the good doctors -- like, I assume these two guys are fantastic doctors, otherwise you wouldn't be here.  And the bad doctors, I guess they have to go and hide someplace. I don't know. Maybe they don't do so well. I don't know. But if they're not good, we -- we are more interested in the good ones.

It's called "rewarding talent." Second, we're putting forward a proposed rule to require health insurance providers to disclose their pricing information to consumers. We're giving American families control of their healthcare decisions. And the freedom to choose that care is right before them on the Internet and elsewhere, but on the Internet.

Very, very open. Very transparent. That's why it's called transparency. And this has been done on a small basis, on individual hospitals. In fact, Art, you were telling me about that, with your hospital, that you're on the board of a hospital that did this. I'd like you to actually -- before I go further, I'd like you talk about that just for a second.

Art Laffer. Art, just mention that, if you could.

And I'd like to have Larry maybe say a few words and explain what this is that we're being -- for the public.

And it we did max, right? We didn't do a smaller version?

I kept saying --

There are versions of this. I said, "No, I don't want the C or the D. I want the A-plus." And we did it the A-plus, so I'm very happy with that. And I think you're going to see things. It's kicking in immediately. It'll kick in as of today, but it's going to really start going during the course of the year, the following year -- this year coming.

And you'll see some results that are going to be actually incredible in terms of costs coming down and, I think, in terms of the quality of the care because you're picking people that you'd want to be with. This afternoon, we're grateful to be joined by Secretary Steve Mnuchin -- wherever you may be, Steve.

Where is Steve?

Hi, Steve. Secretary Gene Scalia. And I hear you're really doing a job over there. Huh?

Labor is doing okay. Your numbers are certainly doing very good. It's a good time to be Department of Labor. Right? This is a --

Right. Thank you very much. Good. Secretary Alex Azar. Thank you, Alex. Thank you. Thank you, Alex. And Administrator Seema Verma. Thank you very much, Seema. Where's Seema? This is an unusual group today. They're spread all over the place. I also want to welcome Representatives Kevin Brady, Michael Burgess, and Greg Walden.

They've been so fantastic on getting us to a really good position with the taxes. We're going to be doing a major middle-income tax cut if we take back the House. And we'll talking about that sometime later. But we're going to be doing a very major middle-income tax cut, mostly devoted to middle income who have really been big beneficiaries of the tax cut we did, which was the largest in the history of our country.

But we're doing a major tax cut for the middle income, and that'll be subject, obviously, to take -- taking over the House, because Democrats like tax increases, not tax cuts. I also want to thank our state leaders. We have a lot state leaders here today at the highest level, and I want to thank them for being here.

And a special thanks again to highly respected economists, Dr. Art Laffer and Dr. Larry Van Horn. And, really, it was those two people that came to my office. We were talking about Art, and we were all congratulating him because he did an incredible job over a lot of years with Ronald Reagan and beyond. And when I said, "The Presidential Medal of Freedom," which is the highest civilian award you can get, he told me this little story about a certain hospital he was involved with where they did this.

And every hospital has had just incredible experience with it. And I said, "Tell me more." And then we got involved with Larry and Larry Kudlow also, by the way. And we had a little group of four people that talked about it a lot. And I think it's going to have a tremendous impact. And again, the statement was made: "This is bigger than healthcare." And I think it will be. I think it'll be more meaningful, in many ways.

You'll save so much money and you'll get the care that you want, and you'll choose the doctor you want, which was not possible despite the many pleas. You know, "You can have your plan and you can have your doctor." Well, they turned out to be untrue statements about Obamacare. For decades, hospitals, insurance companies, lobbyists, and special interests have hidden prices from consumers so they could drive up costs for you.

And you had no idea what was happening. You'd get bills that were unbelievable and you have no idea why. For example, researchers found that for the same MRI at the same hospital, patients were charged anywhere from $248 to $2,500. So, 10 times more, at the same hospital. I assume that would be different doctors within the same hospital.

I don't know if the hospitals are going to like me too much anymore with this, but that's okay, right? That's okay. I think the doctors are going to, actually. In the Boston area, the price of delivering a baby can cost anywhere from roughly $4,700 to nearly $16,000. One survey found that within a single metro area, the highest negotiated price for a simple blood test was roughly 40 times more than the lowest price.

They were given exactly the same service -- in some cases, sent them to the same labs -- and were charged 40 times more money. Under the new price transparency rule we are finalizing today -- and it will be all finalized -- it is finalized; it'll be put out today -- all of that will change. Hospitals will soon be required to publish the price of everything from individual medical supplies to the total cost of common procedures.

Next, we will bring much-needed price transparency to insurance companies. I'm sure they'll be thrilled. This will allow you to see your out-of-pocket costs and other vital price information before you go in for treatment. So you're going to know what it's going to be and you're going to be able to have lots of choices, both in terms of doctors, hospitals, and price.

And we're stopping American patients from just getting, pure and simple -- two words, very simple words: ripped off. Because they've been ripped off for years. For a lot of years. With us today is Melissa Ural who works for a company that benefits from price transparency. And, Melissa, could you come up and say a few words?

Great. Thank you, Melissa. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much, Melissa.

Thank you. Good job, Melissa. We're also joined by Kara Boeckel, who works for the same company and benefitted when her employer shopped for the best price on a surgery -- a surgery that she needed. And I'd like to have Kara come up and please tell us about it. Kara? Please.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much, Kara. Also with us is Dr. Rick Schultz, Chief Medical Officer at Texas Free Market Surgery. Doctor, I'd like to have you come up and say a few words about what we're doing and how we're doing it. Thank you, Dr. Rick.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. I think, if I could, I'd like to have Kevin Brady come up just for a second and talk about what we've done with the individual mandate and how that's just a part of our -- a small part, but it's a very big part in terms of healthcare; what we did with respect to our tax cuts and our reforms.

And you might want to discuss the individual mandate. Getting rid of it was such a big deal. Thank you.

Thank you very much. It all, sort of, fits in. It's like a puzzle. And I see my friend, Greg. I can't believe you're going to be leaving Congress one of these days. I was so disappointed to see that, but you're fantastic. And we all work together with everybody -- all of us. Come on up here, the two of you.

I'd like you to discuss Right to Try a little bit. And, I mean, you think about -- it's really a very important part of healthcare.

The ultimate part of healthcare. And for 45 years, they've been trying to get it passed and they couldn't do it. And Greg Walden, the three of us plus a lot, we've got it done.

Congressman, thank you very much.

Go ahead. Please.

Thank you. Michael, say a few words, please.

Thank you, Michael.

Thank you. Thank you very much. So the actions that we're announcing today are only the latest steps in our campaign to deliver great healthcare for American patients. Our efforts to reduce the price of prescription drugs -- and I don't know if you know that, but this is the first time, Secretary Azar, I think in 51 years, that prices have actually gone down --

-- for prescription drugs. So, that's quite an achievement. And if we had the help of the Democrats, which we don't -- it's a shame, because we could knock drug prices down so low. We will be giving states the right to go to other countries to buy their drugs, because other countries -- because they don't have these crazy, arcane rules that we could fix so quickly if we had the help of the Democrats.

But they want the price of drugs to say high, I suppose. But we brought it down the most in 51 years, and we're very proud of that. But we can bring them down much more. And one of the things I'm doing is, as an example, Canada will pay much less for drugs because they don't have to pay for research and development, so their pricing is much cheaper.

So we'll buy -- I'm working with Ron DeSantis in Florida and some other governors -- great governors. And they're going to buy from other countries and skip all of the nonsense. And I think, ultimately, what that's going to do is the drug companies will bring the price of their drugs down, or they'll buy from other countries.

That's okay, too. The same pill, made in the same factory, made by the same company, sells for 50, 60, and 70 percent less in one country than it does in another. And we're always the high country. So, I'm going to be giving governors the right, very shortly, to buy -- I've already given some the right -- to buy their -- their prescription drugs from other countries.

And we avoid -- we skirt a lot of -- a lot -- that probably sounds like a pretty good idea to you. What do you think, huh?

You, as the great economist. So, anyway. So, the actions that we're announcing today are the latest steps. Our efforts to reduce the price of prescription drugs -- we're going to have some tremendous results. We could do it so simply if we had any kind of help from the Democrats. But they're doing so many other things, namely one: wasting a lot of time.

And very bad for our country, what they're doing. And they should approve USMCA. By the way, it's the greatest trade deal ever made. And they should stop playing games. And, you know, Mexico signed it many months ago. Canada keeps calling me: "When is this deal going to happen? Is this deal going to happen?" And it's sitting on Nancy Pelosi's desk for about three months, four months.

Nervous Nancy -- she needs a little nervous energy to get it done because all she has to do is put it up. She's got plenty of Democrat votes. A lot of Democrats are pushing her, but she doesn't want to do it because she doesn't want to have a victory for the American people. And that's all it is. So either she does it or she doesn't do it. But Mexico wants to know what's happening.

Canada wants to know what's happening. They could live without it. Because it's a great deal for us. They could live without it. And they want to know what's going on. We eliminated the Obamacare individual mandate penalty, and we're expanding affordable alternatives which cost up to 60 percent less than Obamacare plans.

And it could be even quite a bit higher than that, in some cases. And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, and, as I've been saying lately, and also patients with preexisting physicians.  I thought that was good. I made it in one speech. I said, "You know, people like that." But it's true, because you didn't have your doctor, you didn't have your plan.

And now you have the plan and you have the doctor. So, it's pretty good. In everything we do, my administration is fighting for the rights of American consumers, the wellbeing of American patients, and the health of American people. We're taking on the bureaucrats in more ways than one. You probably notice that, right?

We're taking on a lot bureaucrats. We're taking on the insurance companies, and we're taking on the special interests. And that's one of the difficulties I have in Washington because I've taken on a lot of the establishment. And a lot of the politicians are taken care of by the establishment, and they don't like that I take on the establishment.

But I'm taking it on for the consumer, for the American people. And that's why you see prices going down. And you haven't seen anything yet. Things are going to happen that will be shocking. But there are people in Washington -- as I say, there are people in the swamp that don't like what I'm doing for that reason.

We will not rest until every American has access to the highest quality, most affordable healthcare anywhere in the world. And, again, I want to thank you all. And I'd like to ask Secretary Azar to come up and say a few words. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Thank you. So, after many, many years, we finally have transparency. It's going into effect today. It will have a tremendous impact. It will, sort of, go in sections and stages, but it all begins today. And within about 12 months, I think it'll be fully implemented -- and, we can even say, probably a shorter period of time than that.

Some of it's complex and some of it's very easy. But it's all very good. It's -- there's never been anything like this. So the word is "transparency," and I love transparency in many ways. And this is going to be something that's going to be -- it's going to be incredible for the consumer, for the patient.

I think it's going to be really good for the good doctors, maybe not so good for other doctors. I think it's going to be really good for the great hospitals, frankly. And it's very exciting. And it's something that again, Art, I want to thank you very much because you really did bring it to my attention and I appreciate it very much.

Thank you very much. Yeah, please.

You don't want to talk about transparency?

You know, I'll talk about transparency. I like transparency here. And I'm the most transparent President in history. And I'll tell you about what tampering is. Tampering is when a guy like Shifty Schiff doesn't let us have lawyers. Tampering is when Schiff doesn't let us have witnesses, doesn't let us speak.

I've been watching today. For the first time, I started watching and it's really sad when you see people not allowed to ask questions. It's totally -- nobody has ever had such horrible due process. There was no due process. And I think it's --

-- I think it's considered a joke all over Washington and all over the world. The Republicans are given no due process whatsoever. We're not allowed to do anything. It's a disgrace what's happening. But you know what? The American public understands it. And that's why the poll numbers are so good. And that's why other things are so good.

What they're doing in Washington with that hearing -- and, by the way, it's a political process. It's not a legal process. So if I have somebody saying, I'm allowed to speak up. If somebody says about me, we're not allowed to have any kind of representation, we're not allowed to have almost anything. And nobody has seen anything like it. In the history of our country there has never been a disgrace like what's going on right now.

So, you know what? I -- I have the right to speak. I have freedom of speech, just as other people do. But they've taken away the Republicans' rights. And I watched today, as certain very talented people wanted to ask questions, and they weren't even allowed to ask questions -- Republicans. They weren't allowed to ask questions.

It's a very sad thing. Go ahead.

I just want to have a total -- I want freedom of speech. That's a political process. The Republicans have been treated very badly. And I watched a little bit of it today. I wasn't able to yesterday because we had the President of Turkey here, and I wasn't able to watch much. I watched some of it this morning.

I thought it was a disgrace. When we have great Republican representatives -- people elected by the people -- and they're not allowed to even ask a question, they're not allowed to make a statement; we're not allowed to have witnesses; we're not allowed to have legal counsel, White House Counsel -- it's a disgrace and it's an embarrassment to our nation.

Yes -- go ahead, please.

Quiet. Quiet.

Quiet. Please.

I don't think so at all. Go ahead.

Well, I shouldn't be. In fact, I thought, last night, it ended. Because last night, I was in Louisiana, where we're going to hopefully elect a great governor -- a Republican governor. And I was getting off the plane, and they handed me a statement that was just made by the Foreign Minister and President of the Ukraine.

And Ukraine -- they came out loud and clear that there was no linkage whatsoever, not even a little bit. And you saw it. You all saw it. I said, "Oh, well, that ends the impeachment." And you people don't even report it. Look, the press is unbelievably dishonest. That was a major statement put out last night by the Foreign Minister of Ukraine and also by the President of Ukraine, and you don't even report it. It's a disgrace.

Because it's sad. There was absolutely no linkage. We had a perfect conversation. And I also, because of transparency -- whether it's medical transparency or just transparency, generally -- I also put out, today, a statement. And in the statement, we released -- and then Congressman Nunes read -- a call that I had with the President of Ukraine.

And it was a great call. It was a very nice call. Everybody said it was perfect. I always say it was equally as good as the other call. And I put it out today, and nobody even wants to report it. Because it was so good, they don't want to report it. Look, if we had an honest press in this country, we would be so well served.

And you know what? When I look at your approval numbers, they're the worst they've ever been in the history of our country. The media, the approval numbers -- they are horrible. And you ought to get yourself back and you ought to put yourself back in a position where people respect the media again. And I know some great journalists, I know some great people in the media, but there aren't enough of them.

There's a lot of dishonesty. And many of you, I just consider members of the Democrats, and it's a shame. Okay. Thank you all very much. Thank you.