Well, thank you very much, Ivanka.  And I think I'm allowed to be proud of my daughter.  But the fact is that she's worked so hard at this. And this started just about from the beginning, and she had lots of options to do certain things. All she knew is she wanted to help people, and it really is that she settled down into jobs and training.

And she has done an incredible -- an incredible job herself, because I guess it's up to almost 12 million people, maybe even over 12 million people. And who would have thought that was possible? This started out -- I shouldn't say this, Ivanka -- but she was looking to do 500,000, and she did that in her first week.

And you have to understand Ivanka to figure that one out. But now she's over 12 million, and it's an incredible thing. And she does it to make families happy. Companies have stepped up, like Marillyn. Thank you very much. Lockheed Martin. But companies have stepped up to the plate, and so many companies have done thousands and thousands of jobs and the training for these jobs.

It's not like the old days, where you go in and you do something that's much simpler today, with new technology and computers and all of the different things you have to know. This is just not something that you can easily step into. And companies can train so much better than governments. Governments get into that, and they really don't have a clue as to what they're doing.

And it costs a lot of money. And I just want to congratulate a lot of the people in the room because you worked with Ivanka and you've done something very special. All of our congresspeople and senators, and all of our fantastic people, like Ben -- thank you very much, Ben. I know how much you've helped.

Ben Carson. So much help has been given to Ivanka. And, really, it's a big congratulations. We're talking about a tremendous number. Nothing like this has ever been done before. So, congratulations, Ivanka. Congratulations. And keep it up. So, when will you hit 24 million? When are you going to be doubling?

The way she goes, pretty soon.  So, thank you, honey. And maybe I'd like to have Mike Pence say a few words, please. Vice President. Thank you.

In March of this past year, I had the privilege of traveling to Kentucky and seeing the largest car plant in North America and also explore some of the great training programs. And there, Jim signed the Pledge to America's Workers: 200,000 pledge training opportunities. And with him today is Shameka, who I met in Kentucky.

And it would be great to hear from both of you. Maybe, Jim, if you want to kick us off.

So if you could share with us, Johnny, a bit about your story -- very inspiring -- and the opportunity that the pledge has afforded you.

Lockheed committed to 8,000 job and training opportunities over the next five years. And just this past week, I was out in Colorado with you, Marillyn, and I met Sarah, who you brought with you to the White House today to learn about your apprentice program in advanced manufacturing. So, Marillyn, if you would like to share and introduce Sarah, that'd be great.

Thank you.

Thank you.

It's been incredible how businesses large and small have signed on to the pledge and created these tremendous opportunities for their employees. So thank you for representing great small business in Michigan: Calumet. And now I would like to turn it over to Jay Timmons. Jay is the President and CEO of NAM, the National Association for Manufacturers.

And today he had a very, very exciting announcement about his commitment to this initiative and to the future of manufacturing here in the United States. Jay, would you like to share with us?

And I would like to recognize so many other great companies and workers from across the nation who have joined us here today: employees from Apple, from Samsung, from Siemens, and so many other great businesses. So if you could all stand, we'd love to give you a round of applause.  One of the things that has been so impactful for us is to travel around the country and hear the individual stories of how new pathways have been opened up for you as a result of the training experiences you've undertaken.

And hearing from you today reinforces why this initiative is so important and why we're so committed to it. So, really, thank you. And, Mr. President, if you'd like to say a few final words before we leave. Well, I can just say this is an incredible event to me because I was with you on day one when it started, and to see how far you've come and how far everybody has come, including my friend the welder back there who is now making a lot of money, and I'm proud of you.

And I heard you're doing a great job. And he is probably the most famous welder right now. Maybe in the world, come to think of it. But it's going well, isn't it? I'll just tell you, it's been an incredible experience for me to watch this happen and for my Cabinet to watch it happen with me. They have been doing an incredible job at trying to help out wherever possible.

And all of the really spectacular companies -- we have the greatest companies anywhere in the world. We make the best jets and fighters and missiles, and we make the best everything. We make the best product -- best product in the world. And they're all coming back now. They're coming back to the United States.

They want to be in the United States; it's the hot place. I hear it all the time. I hear it from other, frankly, presidents and prime ministers and kings and queens. They all say they want to come back to the United States. And some of them, other countries, are not exactly thrilled. But we are the hottest economy in the world.

We're the hottest place in the world. And you're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Ivanka. Thank you.  Thank you very much.