Thank you very much. Please, please. Great occasion. I want to welcome everyone to the White House. We're here today to announce a vital new action that we're taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their wildest dreams. And this afternoon, we're very grateful to have many distinguished guests, including Secretary Alex Acosta.

Alex, thank you very much. Governor Phil Bryant. Thank you, Phil, very much, very much. Governor Bill Lee. We just spent some time together. Tennessee. And, I have to say, my administration is focused on lifting up all Americans. And that's exactly what we're doing with this.

As part of our working families agenda, we've expanded apprenticeships and job training, we've delivered historic tax cuts -- the biggest ever in the history of our country -- and regulatory reform, and we've increased access to affordable healthcare and childcare. So it's been really important. Thank you.

And as a result of the booming economy, we're bringing Americans who have been on the sidelines back into the workforce, including former inmates and those recovering from opioid addiction. Very important. And it's been incredible, the success we've had. Since the election, we've created 6 million new jobs.

We've added more than a million new jobs in manufacturing, construction, and steel alone. And everyone said that was going to be an impossibility to do -- manufacturing jobs. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have reached the lowest levels and the lowest rates in history of our country.

It's been an incredible situation. Our policies are rebuilding lives, rebuilding families, and rebuilding communities. To realize America's full potential, we must unlock the talents of every single citizen. We want to lift every American family out of poverty and into a future of hope and opportunity.

In December of last year, I signed into law groundbreaking and historic reform to our criminal justice system: the First Step Act. That's terrific. Great. Great. That's terrific. Thank you. Thank you very much. I think you like it.  It is true though, since we've got it passed, nobody realized how tough it was.

They've been trying to do it for many years. And -- many, many years. And nobody thought they could do it. And we got it done. But we had tremendous conservative support and tremendous liberal support. It was very bipartisan. Some of the most conservative people -- I know Mike Lee was in favor of it and Chuck Grassley was in favor of it. And then, on the other side, you had people that, frankly, I didn't think would be signing too many of the things that I wanted to do. Phil Bryant, you know?

But they all wanted it. And it's something that I'm very proud of. And Jared and Ivanka were incredible. And they really pushed it. It's true. And I think they were being pushed a little bit also by Kim Kardashian. She's right here. So, thank you, Kim. And Kanye. Thank you.

Since its passage, more than a dozen states have advanced similar reforms at the state level. Now we must make sure that Americans returning from prison get a true second chance. Right? America wins when citizens with a criminal record can contribute to their communities as law-abiding members of our society.

When former inmates come home, the single-most important action we can take is to help them find a really, really good job, where they love the job, they want to go there, and they're making a lot money. Right? And that's what's happening. And that's because of a lot of reasons, including the people in this room.

But it's also because we have a great economy. And some people that wouldn't have normally made that choice, they've made that choice and they are so happy. I'm talking about employers. They are so happy they can't even believe it. They've got -- one man told me some of the best people that work for him now came out of prison.

And these are people that a few years ago, they -- he would not have given a chance. And now he considers them among his best people. Too often, former inmates are not considered for jobs even if they're qualified, rehabilitated, and ready to work. And that's why we're taking crucial steps to encourage business to expand second chance hiring practices.

So when we say "hire American," we mean all Americans. And that's what's happening. First time, probably, ever. And I think I can say, truly -- and a lot of the folks in the room are experts and you've been doing this for a long time -- but I think it's probably the first time we can truly say that in the history of our country that that's happening.

So it's really been fantastic. The unemployment rate for former inmates is up to five times higher than the national average. My administration has set an ambitious goal: We want to cut the unemployment rate for these individuals to single digits within five years. And we think there's a really good chance of doing it. Thank you.

Thank you. Second chance hiring is about safer communities, a stronger workforce, and a thriving economy. We believe in the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. Here with us today is Johnny Koufos. And I worked on that name because it's spelled a little bit differently.  It's spelled a little bit differently than was supposed to, but I got it right, I think, Johnny.

I don't know. Close enough.  A lawyer who served time in prison for an alcohol-related accident and now runs a re-entry program. He's done incredibly well. He's highly respected in the community. He's a tremendous guy. And, John, maybe you could come up and say a few words, please. Okay?

Thank you, John. That's incredible. That's an incredible story. I can't tell you the job he's done. So respected. Across the federal government, we're giving former inmates the resources they need to make the most of their new lease on life. Today, the Federal Bureau of Prisons announced that it will work with employers to help those leaving prison to have a job lined up when they are released.

Something that pretty much has never happened before. Also, earlier today, the Department of Labor -- Alex, that's good; he's done a great job.  He's done a good job. Awarded $2 million to states to support "fidelity bonds," which underwrite companies that hire former prisoners. We are expanding our Second Chance Pell Grant Pilot Program to allow individuals to use their time in prison to take college-level classes.

That's great. That's great. That's great. The Department of Energy has begun a new initiative to inform American workers, including former inmates, about great jobs in the booming energy industry. And that is a great industry. And just in case you didn't hear me say this before: We've now become the number-one energy producer, by far, in the world.

We're topping Saudi Arabia and we're topping Russia. Our administration is also working to allow rehabilitated citizens with a criminal record to apply for both federal government jobs and affordable housing -- something that we were unable to do before. Here with us today is Marcus Bullock, who went to prison as a minor in 1996 and now runs a technology company.

And he's doing a very good job. Marcus, please come up and say hello. You're here. Thank you.

And, tomorrow, Marcus will be announcing a run for a major public office. You did a good job. Huh? You guys, great job. Thank you both very much. Really fantastic. Today, we're also joined by many employers who are hiring former inmates and helping us build the strongest economy on Earth. We have some very successful people in this room, and we appreciate it all very much.

Thank you very much. Great job. Among the leaders who join us today is Steve Preston, the CEO of Goodwill. Goodwill employs and provides training and other services for more than 100,000 former inmates each and every year. Steve, I want to thank you for the devotion and all that you do for a second chance.

Steve. Steve. Please, Steve.

It sounds great.

Thank you. And I thought maybe I'd just a take moment. So, at the White House -- and been with me now three and a half years, before I won, before the election -- is a person, a friend, a woman -- a great, great magnificent person, actually -- named Sarah Huckabee Sanders. And she's very popular. She's very popular.

And -- and she's done an incredible job. We've been through a lot together, and she's tough but she's good. You know, you also have tough and bad, right?  She's tough and she's good. She's great. And she's going to be leaving the service of her country, and she is going to be going -- I guess you could say private sector, but I hope she's going to -- she comes from a great state, Arkansas.

That was a state I won by a lot, so I like it, right?  But we love Arkansas, and she's going to be going back to Arkansas with her great family -- her husband, who's a fantastic guy, and her family. And I don't know, Phil, and folks, if we can get her to run for the governor of Arkansas, I think she'll do very well.

And I'm trying to get her to do that. But I just saw her in the room and I really wanted to call her up. She's a special person, a very, very fine woman. She has been so great. She has such heart. She's strong but with great, great heart. And I want to thank you for an outstanding job.

And -- thank you. Come. Thank you, honey. Say a couple words.

Thank you, Sarah. Thank you very much. Great. Great person. Great person. Thank you, Sarah. Great. She's a warrior. You guys know what warriors are, right? Yeah? You're warriors. Huh? We're all warriors. We have no choice.  We have to be warriors in this world. But she is a warrior. Thank you, Sarah, very much.

We're also glad to have with us the President of the Society for Human Resource Management, Johnny Taylor. And where's Johnny? Where's Johnny? Come here, Johnny.  Johnny. This guy is some guy and some athlete, that I can tell you. So maybe you could just talk a little bit about what we're doing and how well you're doing with it, right?

Thank you, Johnny.

Thank you.

Thank you, Johnny. He'll do it too. This afternoon, we also have an exciting announcement to ensure former inmates can overcome some of the greatest barriers to employment, including limited access to transportation, which is needed for interviews and for jobs. To make this announcement, I'd like to invite up a very special guest and a powerful advocate for not only justice reform, but just a good person.

And I hear she's starting to study law. She's also one of the most successful people in the entertainment business. Soon she'll be one of the most successful lawyers -- I hate to tell all my lawyers back there.  But I knew her father, and I'll tell you, she's got good genes -- that I can tell you.

Good genes for everything. And she's been a real friend, and her husband has been a real friend of mine. Kim Kardashian West.

Thank you, Kim. Thank you. Great. I think she's pretty popular, huh? What do you think?  I can tell you this: If she is your assistant -- she's your assistant. Two lawyers? . She's your assistant? She's the highest paid assistant in history.  There's never been anything like it. Anyway, thank you, Kim. That was beautiful.

I want to also just, while I'm here -- a couple of friends and they've been rally incredible to me: Pastor Darrell Scott. Just stand up. He is something. He's a religious man, but I watched him on CNN so often and, you know, I wouldn't say that's the friendliest. And I watched you take apart people like they were nothing.

So thank you, Pastor. He's a pastor.

2020, we'll do it again. We're going to do it again. And Pastor Paula White. Thank you, Paula. That support has been incredible. Thank you, Paula. Thank you very much. Great job. Right from the beginning, both of them. In every action we take, we are revitalizing our cities, restoring hope to our communities, and uniting citizens all across our country.

We're helping families grow their incomes and attend the schools of their choice, earn a great living, and have a truly rewarding career. We want to ensure that every American is prepared for the jobs of today and for the industries of tomorrow. And together, we are expanding the blessings of America for every citizen, from every background, from every community, and every walk of life.

We are breaking down old barriers, tearing down yesterday's obstacles, and replacing the failures of the past with the bright and limitless future. That's what we have going. It's a limitless future. So many people in this room and so many people outside of this room -- they're given a second and, in some cases, a third chance, in all fairness.

And I will say, they are really, really producing. It's a great thing to watch. If you -- you know. You know all about it. And you know about it very well. And thank you.

We really appreciate your being here. And we'll not stop until everyone in our national family can achieve their own beautiful American Dream. I want to thank everybody for being here. God bless you. God bless America. I very much appreciate it. Thank you all very much. Thank you.