Thank you very much for being here. We have a very big moment because we have Danny Burch back home, where he should be. He was in Yemen, in a very horrible situation -- a captive, a prisoner. You can call him whatever you want, but it wasn't good. He was there for 18 months -- even a little more than 18 months -- and we got him out.

And we had some great help from UAE and all of our friends. But we got Danny out. And he's just come home, said hello to his family, his beautiful son. Thank you for being here. And it's nice to see your father back where he belongs. I want to thank our Vice President for being here. I want to thank Mitt Romney -- Senator Romney, Senator Graham for being here.

They were in the office, unrelated to this, and they heard about this and they know the story of Danny. This is a very big story in our country, what they did with you. But we got him out, and we're very happy about it. And, Danny, welcome home.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Danny.  Would you like to say something?

Thank you, Danny. Appreciate it. Thank you all very much. Mike -- Mike, do you have anything to say while we're here?

Well, I will say, Danny, we're 20 and 0. We've gotten a lot of them out. And they shouldn't have been there -- Aya from Egypt, and many others. North Korea. We have a few negotiations going on right now. I won't tell you where because we don't want to blow the negotiation out the window, but we have a few negotiations going.

I love doing it because I love the end result. This is the end result: a happy man with a happy family. Lindsey, would you have anything to say?

Well, would you say maybe a few words? You worked very hard.

So thank you to the UAE, which assisted President Trump in this important rescue. And, again, I'm honored to be here with you today, sir. Thank you. That's so nice.

The Ambassador said that he's the greatest hostage negotiator in our history. And I say, "Don't say it because they'll never write it. They'll never write it." Mitt, would you say something? Please.

Thank you very much, Mitt. And, Robert, again, congratulations to everybody. Keep it going. We have some other ones going right now that nobody knows about, but we're going to pull it off. And I really -- you're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you.

Going okay. We're moving along. We're discussing that with Lindsey and Mitt. They're moving along well, and we'll see what happens. They're either going to be a good deal or it's not going to be a deal. But I think they're moving on very nicely.

Well, we're going to see. It's too early to see. But we have to solve a problem. We have a very nasty problem there. We have to solve a problem. The relationship is good. I would be very disappointed if that were happening. It's a very early report, and we're the ones that put it out. But I would be very, very disappointed in Chairman Kim. And I don't think I will be, but we'll see what happens.

We'll take a look. It'll ultimately get solved. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.

We'll have to see how the vote goes. We'll see how the vote goes.