Well, I want to thank you all for being here. This is special for me and special for the First Lady because this is the Special Olympics. And, I have to say, Vice President Pence and Karen Pence have been so involved. And because she does such a job with so many things, I've asked Karen Pence to represent our government and our country on Special Olympics.

And we have a lot of the great champions here. We have some of the winners. They won, and they came in a couple of seconds and a couple of thirds, but a lot of first places. And we did fantastically well in the Special Olympics. And I'd like to have Karen Pence say a few words. You have done a fantastic job, and we appreciate it.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Right. All of you are fantastic. Just fantastic.

Well, Mary, thank you. And you did a fantastic job. It was a great success. Where is the ambassador? Where is the ambassador? Mr. Ambassador, you don't have to stand there.  Come on up. Would you like to say a few words? You've done a fantastic job -- your country has -- and it was a great Special Olympics.

So thank you very much.

That's fantastic, isn't it? Right? Wow. Congratulations. Say hello to all the folks.

Our friends, right? Great friends. Great friendship. Thank you very much. Well, I just want to congratulate every -- I mean, what you've done is incredible. Bringing home all those medals. How did you feel about winning? How did you feel?

Whoa.  That's not bad, huh?

Right. Very good. Thank you very much.

Wow.

Oh, wow.

I hope he has a beautiful head of hair like me.  Maybe it's better.

He likes the hair.  That's very interesting. I'm going to have to think about that.  Thank you. Say hello to your dad, right?

Go ahead.

Ooh.

When did your dad die?

That's too bad.

And you loved them both, right?

That's good. And they're proud of you, you know? They're looking down right now, because you're in the Oval Office. This is the big stuff, right? You're in the Oval Office, and they're looking down on you and they see gold, right? That's gold.

That's really something. And they're very proud of you, right?

So, congratulations.

Who would like to say? Would you like to say something? Anybody? On your great victory?

It was? It was .

Thank you.

Thank you.

Very proud of you. Thank you very much. That's great. That is really -- how about over here? Anybody want to say something about your great victory?

You did?  Let me see. Excellent. Yeah, I can see that.  So how much -- how much did you lift?

Wow. I can't lift to 120.  That's fantastic.

I can see that. Thank you. Go ahead.

That's fantastic.  I just left -- I just left North Carolina. That's a great state. It's a great -- they're great people. Great state. I just left. I just got back. I got back late last night from North Carolina.

Right? Good, right?

That's --

You saw me on TV?

Did you like it?

Did you like -- see? That's good.

Boy, that was good. And I didn't -- I didn't pay for that.  I didn't pay -- I didn't pay for that, Jon. But listen, just on behalf of Karen Pence; Mike Pence, our Vice President; Melania, First Lady; and everybody here -- and, Mary, I want to thank you for doing a fantastic job. Karen, I want to thank you for doing an incredible job.

You work so hard.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.

Jon, excuse me. Go ahead.

Oh, that's very nice.

Oh, that's beautiful. Thank you.

Wow. All signed. Thank you so much.

Thank you very much. Okay, thank you. Thank you, darling. Appreciate it.

No problem is right.  Yes.

Well, number one, I think I did. I started speaking very quickly. It really was a loud -- I disagree with it, by the way. But it was quite a chant. And I felt a little bit badly about it. But I will say this: I did, and I started speaking very quickly. But it started up rather -- rather fast, as you probably noticed.

Well, I would say that --

-- I was not happy with it. I disagreed with it. But again, I didn't say -- I didn't say that; they did. But I disagree with it.

Well, I don't think -- if you examine it, I don't think you'll find that. But I disagree with it. Anybody else?

Because we had a date set and then they wanted to change the date. And they wanted to do it within the form of an interview. I had agreed to make a speech. I would have loved to have made a speech to the NAACP. We have, as you know, record unemployment numbers -- the lowest in the history of our country.

We have -- the poverty numbers -- it's a poverty scale -- and the African Americans doing the best that they've ever done in the history of our country. We have something to be very proud of. I mean, really proud of. I was going over with Mike, before, some of the numbers having to do with the African American community.

It's the best numbers we've ever had. I very much wanted to go, but we had a date; the date got changed. And unfortunately, they wanted to do it in the form of a question and answer. I think you were going to be, possibly, the person asking the question.

Yeah, I mean, so --

-- maybe you could answer the question better than me. Yes, go ahead.

No. I don't know anything about that other than I have spoken to Senator Paul. And Senator Paul is somebody I have a very good relationship with. And I would listen to him. But I didn't appoint him, no. When did this come up?

Yeah. No. He's somebody that I listen to. I respect Senator Paul. And if he had some ideas, I'd listen. I will say that Iran is a much different country right now. When I took over, and Mike and I came into office, Iran was the scourge of the world. They were doing 14 different sites of confliction. They were fighting and causing problems in Yemen and Syria and Iraq and all over.

It's a much different country right now. And you look at what's happening. You look at them pulling back. And they're not pulling back because they love us; they're pulling back because they don't have money. They're being hurt very badly by sanctions. And I hope that doesn't happen for long because I hope they're able to straighten it out.

It can happen very quickly. But if you look at the original President Obama deal, it was a disaster from many standpoints, but almost, most importantly, because it was going to be ending very shortly. You know, it's a very short-term deal. And you can't have a short-term deal for a country. You need 100-year deal.

You don't need a short-term. In a few years, literally -- in a few years they would be on their way to a nuclear weapon. That's unacceptable. Plus, they can't do ballistic missiles, and the deal allows them to do ballistic missiles. And we have to look other sites. The best -- the most important site we we're not allowed to go in and look at. What kind of a deal is that?

And other things. And many other things. So Iran is not the same country. They have inflation now at 75 percent. They're having tremendous problems within the country. They're selling very little oil. We have an embargo. We have a stop on oil. Even the European countries are now agreeing with me. You see they're coming over.

And they're coming over very strong. It's very sad what happened to Iran. All we want to do is have a fair deal. The deal that was made was a bad deal. It was not approved by Congress. A lot of problems with the deal that was made. And we can do something quickly, or we can take our time. I'm in no rush.

I'm in no rush.

Well, I have tremendous support. And I wasn't happy with that message that they gave last night. But that was a packed arena. We could've sold the arena. We could've sold 10 of those arenas last night. There were tremendous numbers of people that couldn't get in. We had, outside, thousands and thousands of people.

We had thousands and thousands of people that wanted to come, and we said, "Please don't come." It held 10,000 people. It was packed. We could've sold that arena 10 times. There's tremendous support for the Republican Party. There's tremendous support for this team -- for the President, for the Vice President.

We have tremendous support, maybe like nobody has seen in a long time. There's great energy. I say there's far more energy on the right than there is on the left. I mean, I hear about the left; all I see is the left is fighting all over the place. I think we have far more support than they do, and I think we have far more energy than they do. And we're going to have a very interesting election.

But I was not happy when I heard that chant. Thank you every- -- thank you very much everybody.

You'd have to ask them, Jon. What I would suggest as -- I was not happy with it. But what I would suggest: You go there, go to North Carolina, and you ask the people why did they say that. But that's what they said. That's what they --

Well, I didn't like that they did it. And I started speaking very quickly. I could have -- I could have stood --

Really? If you would have heard, there was tremendous amount of noise and action and everything else. I started very quickly. And I think you know that.

Well, maybe you're giving me too much credit. You're used to giving me too much credit. Thank you, everybody.

Yes. I will try. I would certainly try, yeah.

We're working on the debt ceiling.

Don't forget, you know, the debt under President Obama added more debt than every President put together. So you're talking about a debt ceiling: President Obama added $10 trillion during his eight years. He doubled the debt. He added more debt than every President -- every single President put together.

President Obama doubled -- more than doubled the debt. So we're talking about a debt ceiling. The previous President doubled the debt. And that's what we get stuck with. That's the way it is, folks. Thank you very much.

No, we're not looking at that right now. No. Thank you everybody. Thank you.

Thank you.