Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Please. Thank you. Well, this is a who's who, Tamim, of business. Even you are impressed, and that's pretty hard.  But this really is. This is a great room. Many friends. And everybody I know and recognize just from reading about you and your great successes.

I want to say that our country has never done better. We're setting records. On Friday, we had the all-time -- in the history of our stock market -- the all-time highest number. And we intend to go a lot higher. I think we will be a lot higher than even what we've done. We have tremendous potential. There's a lot of room for growth.

And during the campaign, I'd talk about growth. And we've had great growth, but we're going to have a lot more of it. And a lot of people in this room are going to be the reasons for that growth. And, Tamim, you've been a friend of mine for a long time, before I did this presidential thing, and we feel very comfortable with each other.

And I have to say that the investments that you make in the United States -- one of the largest in the world -- but the investments that you make are very much appreciated. And I know the planes you're buying and all of the other things you're investing in. And I view it differently; I view it as jobs. Because for me, it's jobs.

And today, we set a new record for jobs. We're setting it almost on a daily basis. We're up to almost 160 million jobs. And that's a statistic that is just so obvious and so -- there are more people working -- if you think, more people working in the United States today than at any day ever in our history.

That's a very important number. And it's simple, but it's probably as beautiful as we can do. Everybody in the room understands that very well. But I just want to thank you. We're meeting tomorrow, and it's going to be a very interesting meeting. Maybe we can do everything tonight. We don't have to bother tomorrow.

And that would be okay.  We'll save some good time. But I look forward to it. We have a big meeting with your representatives, and we have a lot to talk about. There are many things we're going to be talking about, from defense to purchases and trade. And I know everything is going to be very positive.

You've been a great ally, and you've helped us with a magnificent military installation and military airport, the likes of which people haven't seen in a long while. And I understand there's been another $8 billion invested. Thank goodness it was mostly your money, not ours. In fact, even better -- it was all of their money, not ours.

That's even better. But you have been terrific, and you've been my great friend and I appreciate it. And I look forward to seeing you tomorrow. We're going to have some very good talks. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody, for being here. Thank you.