She's so formal.  A special person. And she's worked so hard, as you all know. And I want to thank you, Ivanka, for your devotion to the America workers -- our great workers. And nobody has workers like we do. So I just want to thank you, honey, because -- great job.

Really great job.  She works very hard on this, I will say. And she's created a lot of happy families. Because you're going to be up to close to 7 million people pretty soon that you are very responsible, along with many of the people at this table. And I'm going to ask, I think, for you -- maybe before I even speak -- to go around the table, because this is such a distinguished group, and just introduce yourself.

We have a few of the media back there, and just a small group. You know, Tim, sometimes you have to see some of these groups. It's pretty amazing what they do. They break down the walls and the windows and everything else in order to get in. But we have great representative media back. And I thought you should really take some of the credit for what you've done.

And I'd maybe like to start with Tim Cook who has done such an incredible job at Apple. He's become a friend of mine. And he's a friend because he does a great job. I mean, we want to get things done. Employs so many people. Brought a lot of money back into our country because of the new tax law, and he's spending that money very wisely.

And just done an incredible job. So, Tim, maybe you could just start. Please.

Right.

Well, thank you, Tim. Great job you're doing.

Thank you very much. Kim?

Right.

Well, thank you. And, Kim, just had a great victory -- Governor of Iowa. She just defeated somebody who spent unlimited money. It was unlimited. And it's called "talent." You've done a great job. Thank you very much, Kim. Great job.

Thank you very much. And we have our big convention in your city, as you know.

And you worked very hard. And a lot of people wanted it and you got it. So congratulations, and I'll see you soon. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Right.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Governor?

That's great. Thank you, Eric. Great.

Thank you, Marillyn. How is the F-35 doing?

Because I spoke to some of your competitor countries, and they say, "We have a problem with it. You can't see it." I say, "How do you do with your plane compared to this one?" They say, "Well, this one you can't see." So I would say they have a pretty big -- our pilots have a pretty big advantage with the F-35. So that's great.

Great job you've done.

And it's a great plane. Everybody loves it. Wilbur?

Thank you, Wilbur. Mike? Mike Pence.

It's true.

Thanks, Mike.

Thank you very much, Al. Great job you're doing. Thank you.

Well, thank you. And really a great job. In fact, specifically, Ivanka wanted me to point you out and say, "Dad" -- I'll tell you, she said, "Dad, she's done a great job." I appreciate it. Thank you, Barbara. Great job.

Thanks, Jim.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Great.

Thank you, Jay. And if you remember from past years, others said that manufacturing was not going to happen; those jobs were never coming back. And they are coming back. We have 600,000 --

Right, they're roaring back. We have 600,000, and it'll be a lot higher than that when the next report comes out. And it's really been something, the manufacturing jobs. We're going to be up to -- getting close to record numbers. Nobody thought they were coming back. And I said, "How does that not happen?" Right?

If manufacturing jobs come back, does the country come back? And we're doing really well. And I think you're also, in your numbers, it was the biggest increase in the history of your chart. And that's something that made me very happy. Your initial jump. Not you last jump, but your initial jump.

Yeah.

That's right. That's what I had heard. I had to bring that up because, to me, that was -- that was the initial one. The last one was a nice jump, but, you know, we were competing against ourselves. But the intial, yeah, it went from like 56 to 93.

So that was a pretty big jump. That shows optimism, which is a big part of what we're doing. Thank you very much, Jay. Great job.

Thank you. Keep it up.

Thanks, Chris. Thanks. Great job.

Thank you, Scott.

Very nice. Thank you.

Right. I agree.

Thank you very much.

And I agree with what you just said. Thank you very much, Juanita.

Thank you very much. Great job you're doing.

Thank you very much, Ginni.

Well, thank you very much, Johnny. And we're going to be opening up the labor forces, because we have to. We have so many companies coming. People like Tim, you're expanding all over and doing things that I really wanted you to right from the beginning. I used to say, "Tim, you got to start doing it over here." And you really have.

I mean, you've really put a big investment in our country. We appreciate it very much, Tim Apple. But we're opening it up. We have to bring people in. We want them to be people based on merit, and we want them to come in legally. You see what's going on at the border. And we're doing a great job, whether it's Border Patrol, ICE, law enforcement, generally.

We're all working together. We have our military sent to the border. We have 8,000 military personnel right now at the border. We are doing an amazing job considering it's really an onslaught very much. I call it "invasion." They always get upset when I say "an invasion." But it really is somewhat of an invasion.

And we're stopping drugs at a record level, but a record number of drugs are pouring up and coming up. And we're getting it done. Human trafficking is a disaster. Nobody knew too much about it until recently. It's been going on for a million years, actually. It's been going on for a long time. But we've seen it. We've spotted it. It's being slowed down, but we can't slow it down unless we have a very strong and powerful separation between us and whoever it is it may be. And in this case, it happens to be Mexico.

And Mexico has helped us, but Mexico has a record number of murders this year -- a number that's so large, it's actually hard to believe. And we're working very hard on doing -- actually having one of the safest we've ever been. We have some of the best numbers we've ever had, from the standpoint of crime, murders, killings included.

One of our best years ever was last year. And we're down 6 percent from last year, so that's very important. But we want to have a very strong border, but we're going to have a lot of people coming in. A lot of people don't understand that. They think we're shutting it out. We're not shutting it out.

We want people to come in, but they have to come in through a process. So we have a process that's really moving along rapidly. Last year, we took in a large number of highly qualified, wonderful people. And they're -- for the most part, they're working already in your companies. But we also have a lot of companies coming in. I was with Prime Minister Abe the other day, and he said -- we spoke the other day.

And he said that Japan is going to be sending about seven -- at least seven more big factories into this country. And it's got to do more than that; we have too big a deficit with Japan. We have for a long time. But they're going to -- you saw a couple of openings -- big openings in Michigan. Chrysler Fiat just announced that they're going to spend $4.5 billion in Michigan around the Detroit area.

We have a tremendous number of not only car companies coming in; we have a lot of car companies coming in. They're coming in, they're building new, but they're also expanding. And they're going to Pennsylvania. They're going to Ohio. Very heavy in Michigan. South Carolina, North Carolina -- all over.

We have -- we have companies coming into this country at a record pace, and really at a pace that nobody thought possible because nobody thought you'd ever see these particular companies again. Many of them are coming back. They want to be where the action is. They're coming back. They left years ago -- I used to talk about it as a civilian.

But they left years ago, and now they're coming back, and they're coming back in numbers that nobody believes. So we're going to let a lot of people come in because we need workers. We have to have workers. Unemployment at 3.7, 3.6, probably. These are low numbers. And, in one way, I love it. But, in another way, I don't want to make it hard for you to get those companies rolling with really great people.

Because without the great people, it doesn't work. All of these wonderful things we talk about are nice, but you need the great -- as you discussed, Juanita, you need the people and you need really good people. And we have great people. And we have the best in the world, in my opinion. And we are having other people come into our country that you're going to be very proud of and the job they do. One of the things that has happened -- and people don't talk about it -- but because of the great economy, we have a prison population that, for the first time ever, is getting a shot at working.

When they got out of prison, they had a stigma, and it was a tough stigma. And, in many cases, there was not much they could do; they couldn't get a job. They couldn't -- no matter what, they couldn't get a job. And now they're getting jobs because our economy is so strong because you want workers.

And I've spoken to at least six big employers, and they are loving what they see. They cannot even believe how good some of these people are. Not in all cases, I guess, but you can say that about everybody -- but how great they have been. And it's very nice to hear. First time ever. The first time that's ever happened.

And to a large extent, it's because we take some credit because of the economy. But it's an incredible thing what's happening with respect to the prison population. They're getting out, they're getting jobs, and they're doing a fantastic job. And it's really beautiful to see. I just want to -- and many of you are friends -- I just want to thank you all for what you've done.

I also want to thank Doug McMillon, the CEO of WalMart. They have been fantastic, Ivanka, I know that -- because they've just hired tremendous amounts of people. And William McDermott of SAP. They have really stood out. And they -- they're very special people. And I just want to thank them, in addition to the folks around the table.

And again, thank you all for being here. Thanks for the incredible job you've done. We appreciate it very much. And, Tim, thank you very much.

And thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Press, thank you. Appreciate it.

Well, we're going to have a lot of people coming into the country. We want a lot of people coming in. And we need it. It's not a question of do we want it. These folks are going to have to, sort of, not expand too much. And if you tell them -- these are very ambitious people around this table. They don't like the concept of not expanding.

Would you say that's right, Barbara? Barbara is not into non-expansion. So we want to have the companies grow. And the only way they're going to grow is if we give them the workers. And the only way we're going to have the workers is to do exactly what we're doing. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Please.

Thank you very much.