Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the Vice Premier of China, a very highly respected man in China. And we're negotiating trade and the trade agreement. And we have many representatives from China and -- as you'd know, and most of you know who they are -- many representatives from the United States.

I think we're getting along very well. Ultimately, I think the biggest decisions and some even smaller decisions will be made by President Xi and myself. And we expect to have a meeting sometime in the not-too-distant future. And I can only say talks are going along well, but we're going to have to see what happens.

I think there'll be some points that this group won't agree on because maybe they're not supposed to agree on, allowed to agree on. And I think President Xi and I will work out the final points, perhaps. And perhaps not. So I just want to say, Mr. Vice Premier, it's a great honor to have you.

And we thank you very much.

Would you like to say something?

Thank you. Please. So, you can hear fine? You'll speak for them .

Thank you very much. That's very nice. Say "Thank you very much"; I would really appreciate if you would just give my warmest regards. The video he's talking about is a video made by Ivanka and Jared, and it's -- their children speak fluent Chinese, even though they're very young. They were taught, at a very young age, Chinese.

And when President Xi met Arabella, who's the oldest, he said this was like perfect Chinese from a -- at the time, it was 5-year old -- from a 5-year old girl from Beijing. And I thought that was nice. And they actually made a little video that they sent to President Xi. And if you want, we could even give them -- I'm sure the press wouldn't like to see the video but --  -- if you would, just in case you would, I think it would be fine.

If you'd like to do that, Jared, you could just give it to a few of the people. But it was -- I thought it was a very nice thing. And it shows a great friendship between the two countries. And that was really just a "Happy New Year" wish that was given in Chinese by Arabella -- mostly by Arabella and her two brothers.

So I think it was -- I think it's good. I wouldn't mind if you gave it. We're having very good talks. There's a chance that something very exciting could happen. This is a deal that would be signed by me. I've been in touch with Congress. I've been telling many of the people in Congress exactly where we are.

We're, right now, getting a 25 percent tariff on $50 billion worth of goods coming in -- mostly technology and high technology. We're getting a 10 percent tariff on $200 billion worth of goods. The 10 percent goes up as of March 1st. It goes to a 25 percent number. So we'd be getting 25 percent on $250 billion.

And there's about $267 billion that's un-tariffed, untouched, which we'll discuss later. But if we could make a deal, we wouldn't have to bother with that discussion. So we'll see what happens. But we've had very good talks. As you know, Mr. Lighthizer has done a great job. But it's only a great job, Bob, if you get it finished, right?

And if it's a deal that's a good deal for both.

And, Steve, great. But it's only great if you get it done. Wilbur, Sonny -- Sonny doesn't care; he just wants a lot of products being bought from the farmers. Is that right, Sonny? That's what you care about. Sonny is more interested in the farmers than he is any other aspect. But Larry Kudlow, Mr. Ambassador -- the longest-serving governor in the history of the country, as you know.

And now he's ambassador to China. But he was the Governor of Iowa for 24 years, right?

Okay, but you were still the longest --

It's the longest-serving governor in the history of our country. I believe --

--  from the time. And you've done a great job as governor and you're doing a great job as the ambassador to China. And I might tell the story that when the ambassador was a young man from Iowa, he was in China. And he was dealing with people from China -- both in Iowa and in China. And he met a man who was a young man, and he is now the head of China -- President Xi. And he said to his wife -- he came home -- and this was how many years ago, Mr. Ambassador?

Right, but --

-- you met him in 1978 or so, right?

So he met him, and he came home and he told his wife, "I just met the next President of China." And they say, "How would you know?" He said, "Because the competence of this man is so enormous that I believe he's going to be the next President of China." And years go by, and he became the next President of China.

And they like each other. So when it came time to picking an ambassador from China, I say, "I think I have the right guy. He happens to be governor of the great state of Iowa." And you have done a fantastic job. But I thought that story was incredible. So, many years ago, he said that he knows who the next President of China is going to be. I thought -- I just think it's a great story.

And his wife confirms it fully, so that's good. So I just want to thank everybody for being here. We're going to have discussions right now. We're talking. And again, I think we're making a lot of progress. I think there's a very, very good chance that a deal could be made. We'll be meeting at some point with President Xi -- assuming we go further along the line, Bob. Could you say a couple of words to that as to the potential of a meeting -- whether or not we will ?

Made great progress. I think we have made great progress. Steve Mnuchin, what would you say?

Why do you bother putting it in a form of a letter of intent or whatever you want to call it? To me, it's a waste of time.

Currency manipulation -- a very important subject which a lot people didn't even think in terms of.

Have you discussed and reached a final agreement on currency?

To stabilize currencies. Okay. Wilbur Ross.

No, I agree with that. Secretary, go ahead. For the farmers, .

I think we're doing very well with regard to farmers and the buying of products from our farmers at a certain point. They've already made a big commitment to do that. But this will be a very, very substantial farm deal. This will be the biggest farm deal ever made, if you think about it. I don't think anything will be close, because it's China.

So hopefully, if we arrive at a deal, they'll be buying lots of every form of farm product. Mr. Ambassador, would you say something, if you'd like?

Thank you. Yeah, it's going very well. Peter, would you like to say something? This is a gentleman that loves tariffs, by the way. He's like me. He and I -- he loves tariffs. Peter, go ahead.

Right. Right. Okay. That's all you have to say? But it's -- it's true.

Good. They're doing a good job. Larry.

I think the relationship has been very good. That's what I will say, more than anything else. As to whether we make a deal or not, who knows? But I think we have a good chance. But I think the relationship is outstanding. I think the relationship that we have now with China is better than it's ever been.

And that's being -- you know, making a big statement. Our relationship, the President -- the President's relationship with me, President Xi's relationship with me -- I think that it's the strongest it's ever been. One of the things that's so important to me is the fentanyl. And President Xi has agreed to criminalize the sale of fentanyl.

Right now, it's not a criminal product because I guess they call it "industrial," or they call it something. But it's not a criminal product. And China has much tougher laws than we do in this country on drugs, so they don't have a big drug problem in China. They have a thing called the death penalty. And China has much tougher laws than we do. But they've agreed to criminalize the sale of fentanyl, including the sale of fentanyl to the United States.

And that is a tremendous thing because, as you know, most of it, if not all of it, comes from China. That would be a tremendous thing, in terms of our war on drugs. So I very much appreciate that. And that's another thing we'll be finalizing, hopefully, at the meeting that we have. So subject to where they are -- and we're going to have a meeting now -- but subject to where they are, we will be having at least an additional meeting.

And then, ultimately, we'll have a meeting with myself and President Xi to discuss the final terms and things that haven't been agreed to. But I think a lot of those things have been agreed to, but they want he and I to agree to them in a final form. But the fentanyl is so important to us. The criminalization of fentanyl is so important to us, and we appreciate that.

I want to just thank everybody for being with us. Mr. Vice Premier, I want to thank you very much. Their trip is being extended, as Steve said. Their trip is being extended by two days, unexpectedly, because they are making great progress. So they'll be here for an extra couple of days. So what would that include?

That would be Sunday, Monday? Or --

All day Sunday. So they'll be leaving on Sunday night and Monday morning. So, great progress being made. Let's see what happens. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.

Well, I set the deadline of March 1st, and right now it's at 10 percent. And I think that if -- I mean, you can tell this to President Xi -- I think -- and if I see progress being made, substantial progress being made, it would not be inappropriate to extend that deadline -- keep it at 10 percent, instead of raising it to 25 percent.

And I would be inclined to doing that. I haven't even spoken to my people about it. Most people assume it'll just kick in automatically -- the 25 percent. But I'm the one that said it, and I think it was a reasonable period of time. But we're covering things that we didn't even know we'd be covering. We're going very deep into the trade, and covering items that a lot of people wanted to cover and nobody thought we'd ever get to. But we have a one-time shot at making a great deal for both countries.

And so we are going to give it. So it depends on where we are. If we're doing well -- Jeff, if we're doing very well on the negotiation, I could see extending that. And I don't think it would have to be a long-term extension because I would imagine that if it took, Steve, another month or so or less --

Yeah. So dependent on how they do over the next few days, I would certainly consider that. Okay?

No, it's not. No. That was not a consideration. That's not -- that is not one of the things on the table.

Oh, you really want me to discuss that now?

Everything is on the table. Everything.

I really don't know too much about it. I know he's done a great job as Labor Secretary. And that seems like a long time ago. But I know he's been a fantastic Labor Secretary. That's all I can really tell you about. That's all I know about.

Well, it's very sad. I was very surprised to see it. He's proclaimed his innocence totally, and -- but I'm very surprised to see it.

No, I have not. No.

I have not.

At some point, I guess I'll be talking about it. But you know the nice part? There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no anything. So that's the nice part. There was no phone calls, no nothing. We have a -- I won a race. You know why I won the race? Because I was a better candidate than she was.

And it had nothing to do with Russia, and everybody knows it's a hoax. It's one of the greatest hoaxes ever perpetrated on this country. So I look forward to seeing the report. If it's an honest report, it will say that. If it's not an honest report, it won't. Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, well, it's not a long time when you consider it's probably the biggest deal ever made.

Well, I think I can speak for the United States -- the question is an interesting one. Is it more likely that a deal happens or doesn't happen? Speaking for the United States, I would say it's probably more likely that a deal does happen. But that doesn't mean it's going to happen. Speaking for China, if you'd like to add -- answer that question, you can.

But I would say that it's more likely that a deal will happen. The fact that they're staying -- and this is a very high delegation. This is a man who is revered all throughout China, as the Vice Premier. So the fact that they're willing to stay for a quite a bit longer period -- doubling up the time -- that means something.

I think there's a good chance that it happens. Go ahead. Would you like to answer that question?

Wait. Would you like to answer that question?

Yes, please. Speak Chinese and you -- you'll speak louder.

They can't hear you.

You have to speak louder. I'm sorry.

I think we both feel that way. I think we both feel that there's a very good chance that the deal will happen.

I'm not reversing course. I have done something that nobody else has been able to do. In another short period of time, like hours -- you'll be hearing "hours and days" -- you'll be hearing about the caliphate. It will -- it's 100 percent defeated. Nobody has been able to say that. That doesn't mean there aren't some very bad people walking around and strapping on bombs and all of these things.

But we've done a job that nobody else has been able to do. I heard Lindsey Graham this morning congratulating me on having defeated the cal- -- you know, the caliphate. And, frankly, I'm getting a lot of congratulations. At the same time, we can leave a small force along with others in the force -- whether it's NATO troops or whoever it might be -- so that it doesn't start up again.

And I'm okay -- it's a very small, tiny fraction of the people that we have. And a lot of people like that idea and I'm open to ideas. But the 2,500 people that we've had there will be going to different parts of the world. They may be going over to Iraq, where we have a very powerful base -- a base that cost billions of dollars to build, frankly, and that we'll be using.

But we have had tremendous success in defeating the caliphate. And now everybody is admitting I did more in the last three or four weeks than people have done in years. And it's been very successful, but we want to make sure it stays that way. Yes. Please.

Do you want to talk about the transfers? Tech --

Yeah, I'll let Bob answer that. Go ahead, Bob.

Well, I condemn any election fraud. And when I look at what's happened in California with the votes, when I look at what happened -- as you know, there was just a case where they found a million fraudulent votes. When I look at what's happened in Texas --

Excuse me. Excuse me. When I look at what's happened in Texas. When I look at that catastrophe that took place in Florida where the Republican candidates kept getting less and less and less and less. And fortunately, Rick Scott and Ron ended up winning their election, but it was disgraceful what happened there.

So I look at a lot of different places all over the country. I condemn any voter fraud of any kind, whether it's Democrat or Republican -- or when you look at some of the things that happened in California, in particular. When you look at what's happened in Texas with all of those votes that they recently found were not exactly properly done, I condemn all of it. And that includes North Carolina, if anything -- you know, I guess they're going to be doing a final report.

But I'd like to see the final report. But any form of election fraud, I condemn.

Probably at Mar-a-Lago. Probably fairly soon, during the month of March. Bob, do you have a date? Steve, do you have a date?

Okay, so there -- we have two schedules. And we'll be planning that with the schedule.

No. No. No.  It's lawyer-client, but, you know -- he's taking his own chances.

Well, ZTE paid a big fine of $1.2 billion, which nobody has ever even heard of before. And we want everybody to compete. And I guess it will be somewhat of a subject that we're talking about here, Bob. We'll be talking about it. We may or may not include that in this deal.

The Huawei and ZTE.

We're going to be discussing all of that during the course of the next couple of weeks. And we'll be talking to the U.S. Attorneys. We'll be talking to the Attorney General. But we'll be making that decision. Right now it's not something that we're discussing.

Oh, I think they'll stick. Yeah. Everybody knows we need border security. We need a wall. I think it's a very bad subject for the Democrats. We need a wall. We've apprehended more people than we have in many, many years. "Apprehended," meaning we've gotten. With the wall, we wouldn't even have to apprehend them if we had the proper structure.

It's costing us a lot of money with the military; we have a lot of military there. We have tremendous border control and border security there. We have -- I'll tell you what, the people of border security, people of ICE, the law enforcement, generally speaking, have done an incredible job at the border. We have caravans heading up and we're able to head out the caravans.

We've done a great job. But if we had the wall, it would be much easier. And, frankly, it would be a job that would be perfecto. And it would cost actually, ultimately, a lot less money.

What?

China Daily.

Well, I'd like to have all companies be able to compete. I don't want to artificially block people out based on excuses or based on security. I don't want to have a security problem.

Wait. I'm talking about everybody, really -- including. But I'm talking about everybody. I don't want to use artificial blocking. We want to have great 5G. Ultimately, that's going to morph into 6G. And probably 6G will be obsolete in about two months, the way it's going -- you know, the way that whole world moves.

But 6G, at some point in the future, will be obsolete. But I want to have competition with China. Fair competition. I don't want to block out anybody if we can help it. Now if there's going to be a security reason or something, then we have no choice, but that is one of the things we'll be discussing today.

We want to have open competition. We've always done very well in open competition. Go ahead.

Well, we'll let you know at the appropriate time, but we have a deal on currency and currency manipulation. Yes.

On the wall?

Will I veto it? 100 percent. 100 percent. And I don't think it survives a veto; we have too many smart people that want border security, so I can't imagine it could survive a veto. But I will veto it, yes.

No, I stopped paying Pakistan the $1.3 billion that we were paying them. In the meantime, we may set up some meetings with Pakistan. Pakistan was very taking very strong advantage of the United States under other Presidents and we were paying Pakistan $1.3 billion a year. I ended that payment to Pakistan because they weren't helping us in a way that they should have.

And honestly, we've had -- we've developed a much better relationship with Pakistan over the last short period of time than we had. But I did; I ended the payment. We were paying Pakistan $1.3 billion a year. I ended that about nine months ago. A lot of people don't know that, but I ended it nine months ago.

But what are you talking about? What are you -- what are you trying to refer to? You'll have to speak up. I can't hear you.

That's right. No, it's a terrible thing going on right now between Pakistan and India. It's a very, very bad situation, and it's a very dangerous situation between the two countries. And we would like to see it stop. A lot of people were just killed and we want to see it stopped. We're very much involved in that.

Yes, if that's what you're referring to.

No, India is looking at something very strong. And, I mean, India just lost almost 50 people and -- with an attack, so I can understand that also. But we're talking and a lot of people are talking, but it is a very, very delicate balance going on right now. There's a lot of problems between India and Pakistan because of what just happened in Kashmir.

Are you talking about Kashmir?

In Kashmir, it's very dangerous. Yes, please.

Well, we're not doing anything right now. We may or may not put that in the trade agreement. We may be discussing it, but we'd only do that in conjunction with the Attorney General of the United States because that is a matter that is outside of what we're doing. So we do that with the Attorney General, if we do anything.

And I guess there's a question as to whether or not that's being included in the agreement. Yeah, go ahead.

I think it's a big loss to New York City. I think it's a big loss. I think it's a -- if you look at the deal, the deal was not a great deal from the standpoint of -- they could've made a better deal than that, a much better deal. But still, I think it's a loss for New York City. And the $3 billion wasn't a check; it was a form of taxes over a period of time that now they'll never see because, you know, they were going to take in a lot of jobs; they were going to take in a lot taxes.

So I think it's a big loss for New York City. It's the kind of thinking that our country is going to, on the Left, on the radical Left. But ultimately, it's not good for jobs and it's not good for the economy. But I think it was a big loss for New York City. I come from New York City. I love New York City.

I think it was big loss for New York City. Yes, sir.

I'm actually getting a very final briefing and a very complete briefing in about two hours after this.

I think it's a shame.

Yeah. I think it's a very sad thing, I mean, when a thing like that happens. And I've expressed that, but I'm actually a very complete briefing in about two hours.

No, I don't. I think my language is very nice. Yes.

From China. From China.

Who are you with in China?

People's Daily.

Great cooperation.

We have great cooperation, both ways, with China. And a lot of good things are happening. I mean, I think you see that. So many people, every day, "They are going to make a deal; they aren't going to make a deal." They don't know. They have no idea. It's fake news. You know, it's one of those things.

Do they have fake news in China? I think so.  But it's a question: Are they going to make a deal? Aren't they? I think we have a very good chance of making a deal. But both parties want to make it a meaningful deal. We don't want to make a deal that doesn't -- I can speak for the Vice Premier, I can speak for President Xi, I can speak for myself: Both parties want to make this a real deal and we want to make it a meaningful deal, not a deal that's done and doesn't mean anything.

We want to make this a deal that's going to last for many, many years, and a deal that's going to be good for both countries. But we want to make it meaningful. Now, with that being said, China has the advantage of having many years of tremendous success at the expense of the United States, so they understand that.

And I never blamed China for that; I blamed our past leaders. Our leaders have done a lousy job with trade. Our country lost $800 billion last year with trade, generally. Eight hundred billion dollars. So the Vice Premier understands that. So this same agreement should have been made 20 years ago, not now.

Because, for 20 years, the United States has been really taken advantage of. And I'm not blaming China, but we should've done the same thing to them. But we didn't do that. We had Presidents that didn't do their job. You want to know the truth? We had Presidents that did not do their job. Yeah, go ahead.

I think the MOU is going to be very short-term -- no. I -- we expect to go into -- I don't like MOUs because they don't mean anything. To me, they don't mean anything. I think you're better off just going into a document. I was never a fan of an MOU.

By the way, I disagree. I think that a memorandum of understanding is not a contract to the extent that we want. We're going to have -- we're doing a memorandum of understanding that will be put into a final contract, I assume. But, to me, the final contract is really the thing, Bob -- and I think you mean that, too -- is really the thing that means something.

A memorandum of understanding is exactly that: It's a memorandum of what our understanding is. But, to me, the contract is -- the real question is, Bob, so we do a memorandum of understanding, which, frankly, you could do or not do. I don't care if you do it or not. To me, it doesn't mean very much. But if you do a memorandum of -- how long will it take to put that into a final, binding contract?

Right.

Good.

Are they going to put that into another agreement?

Good. Good. I like that much better. I like that term much better.

I don't -- I wouldn't go into a memorandum. I would go right into a trade agreement. Either you're going to make a deal, or you're not. To have these other agreements doesn't mean anything --

-- because they're not that meaningful, in my opinion. But anyway, I like that much better.

On what?

Yeah, Lynne Patton is great. And I can tell you, the New York City Housing Authority -- the Mayor of New York has done a terrible job with public housing. We're trying to help them, but the Mayor of the City of New York has done a terrible job with respect to public housing. We're getting reports back, and it's a disgrace how badly New York City handles its public housing.

Well, I think he has to learn how to run New York City before he starts running the country because he hasn't done a very good job -- including, by the way, with Amazon.

We have had such a great relationship, and China has helped us a lot with North Korea and with Kim Jong Un since I got to office. If I were not elected President, you would have been in a war with North Korea. We now have a situation where the relationships are good -- where there has been no nuclear testing, no missiles, no rockets.

We got our hostages back. And we have many of the remains back, and coming back rapidly -- the remains of our great warriors from many, many years ago. And the families are so thrilled and so happy. We've had a great relationship. The Singapore was a tremendous success. Only the fake news likes to portray it otherwise.

We would've gone -- we would've been -- we would have literally been in a war with North Korea, in my opinion, had I not been elected. Okay. Thank you very much everybody.

Thank you. We'll see how it goes. I think it will be successful.

I can't hear you. You have to speak up.

You know, I don't know anything about the situation. When did he announce that?

I have not seen it. He hasn't told me anything. So we'll have to take a look.

I haven't spoken to him in a long time, no. I haven't spoken -- I have not been involved in that. Thank you very much everyone.