Okay. Thank you very much. It is my honor to sign an executive order -- we're going to be doing it right now -- to address a tragedy facing Native American communities: the crisis of missing and murdered American Indians and Alaska Natives, in particular women and children. It's a tremendous problem.

It's been going on for a long time -- many, many decades, beyond that. And we're going to address it. We've addressed it very strongly. We're grateful to be joined by Attorney General William Barr, Secretary David Bernhardt, other members of my administration, and several terrific Native American leaders.

These are great leaders. The statistics are sobering and heartbreaking. Recently, more than 5,000 Native American women and girls were reported missing in a single year. While the majority return home or are found, too many are still missing and their whereabouts are unknown -- and they usually don't find them.

One study showed that Native American women in certain tribal communities are 10 times more likely to be murdered than the average American. The victims and their families deserve action. And this should have happened many years ago. With my order today, we're launching Operation Lady Justice -- an interagency task force led by Attorney General Barr and Secretary Bernhardt to develop an aggressive, government-wide strategy to end this terrible situation.

The Department of Justice will also be issuing grants to improve safety in Native American communities. We will leverage every resource we have to bring safety to our tribal communities, and we will not waver in this mission. We're taking this very seriously. This has never been done before. And I've seen it, just by reading and watching the news -- it's a very serious problem.

It's a horrible problem. This is only the latest action my administration has taken to support American Indians and Alaska Natives. I signed legislation restoring benefits that were unfairly taken away from Alaska Natives serving in Vietnam. In March, I launched an initiative to improve the health and safety of children in the care of Indian Health Service.

And in September, we hosted the first-ever National Tribal Broadband Summit. And earlier this month, the White House hosted the first-ever Native American Veterans Conference. Some of the folks in the room were there. With Operation Lady Justice, we will bring new hope to Native American communities across the nation.

We will deliver justice for the victims, closure for the families, and safety to those in harm's way. And on behalf of every missing or murdered Native American woman and child, I am going to sign this order, and it will be a great honor to be signing this order. And thank you all for being here. Thank you very much.

So that's something that should have been done a long time ago -- decades ago, frankly.  So we have with us some of the great leaders: Melanie Benjamin, Chief Executive of Mille Lacs Band.

We have Myron -- and would you say some- -- would you like to say something? Come here a minute, Melanie. Say a few words, please.

Thank you. Thank you, Melanie. That's really nice.

Thank you very much, Melanie. I appreciate that. We have Myron Lizer, Vice President of the Navajo Nation, and Dottie Lizer and Halle Lizer. Myron, maybe say a few words, if you would, please.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Thank you very much, Myron. We have a man whose name I want to use. I maybe have to change my name, because I love this name: Alvin "A.J." Not Afraid.  Chairman of the Crow Nation. I love this name.

Where are you? Come here. Say a few words.

Thank you.

Well, thank you for coming. I appreciate it very much. Is that true -- you're not afraid? Are you not afraid of anything?

I want to know.

Oh, that's beautiful. Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you very much. That's very nice. Kevin DuPuis, Chairman of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa. Where is --

Good. Thank you, please.

Imperative.

Thank you very -- it was very well stated. I appreciate it. And Roger Smith. Where is Roger?

Roger, come on over. Go ahead.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great to have you here. Maybe I could ask our great Attorney General to say a few words, and then David Bernhardt. They've worked very hard on this.

Good. Thank you very much. Thanks, Bill. And David? Please.

Thank you. You're doing a great job.

A very great job. So this is very important. It's very important to me, and to David, and to Bill, and to everybody here. And these are great leaders. They've suffered tremendously, and we're going to see if we can stop that. So thank you all for being here. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Yes, I did. Yes, I did.

Well, we're with them. I have a very good relationship, as you know, with President Xi. We're in the final throes of a very important deal -- I guess you could say, one of the most important deals in trade ever. It's going very well. But at the same time, we want to see it go well in Hong Kong, and I think it will.

I think that President Xi can make that happen. And I know him, and I know he'd like to make it happen. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.