It's a big moment. It's a very important moment. It's my honor to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu to the White House. He's a very special man. He's done a great job. I want to begin by expressing our condolences to the Prime Minister and the people of Israel for the horrific Hamas rocket attack on Israeli homes this morning, which wounded seven civilians at least, including numerous children.

Our prayers are with our friends in Israel as they carry out an incredible way of life in the face of great terror. The United States recognizes Israel's absolute right to defend itself. The despicable attack this morning demonstrates the significant security challenges that Israel faces every single day.

And today, I am taking historic action to promote Israel's ability to defend itself, and really to have a very powerful, very strong national security, which they're entitled to have. In a moment, I will sign a presidential proclamation recognizing Israel's sovereign right over the Golan Heights. The State of Israel took control of the Golan Heights in 1967 to safeguard its security from external threats.

Today, aggressive action by Iran and terrorist groups in southern Syria, including Hezbollah, continue to make the Golan Heights a potential launching ground for attacks against Israel. Very violent attacks. Any possible future peace agreement must account for Israel's need to defend itself from Syria, Iran, and other regional threats.

We do not want to see another attack like the one suffered this morning north of Tel Aviv. In our meeting today, the Prime Minister and I will discuss these dangers, as well as several mutual priorities in the Middle East and beyond. We'll be discussing other subjects also, including trade, but we will mostly be discussing this, defense and perhaps offense.

Under my administration, the unbreakable alliance between the United States and Israel has never been stronger. You read things; you hear things. It's never been stronger. Just remember that. People talk, but it's only talk. Our relationship is powerful. At this moment, the American embassy stands proudly in Jerusalem, the capital the Jewish people have established.

And they've wanted the embassy for many, many years -- for many decades -- and, frankly, through many Presidents. And we got it done. Not only did we get it done, we also got it built at a slight cost saving, like about one-billion-dollar cost saving.  And I want to thank Ambassador David Friedman for the job he's done, and Jason Greenblatt, and Jared, and everybody.

They worked so hard together, so I want to thank you all. Thank you very much, Ambassador. You enjoying it?

And you love Israel?

Good. And America. I was waiting for him to say that.  We have defeated the caliphate in Syria. We have withdrawn from the horrible Iran nuclear deal and imposed the toughest-ever sanctions. And these are, by far, the toughest ever on the Iranian regime. It's having a big effect. Iran is not the same country that it was when I took office.

The day I took office, we had threats all over the Middle East and beyond. Iran is a much different place right now than it was. As I said during my State of the Union Address, we will not avert our eyes from the dictatorship that chants "Death to America," "Death to Israel," and calls for genocide against the Jewish people.

We won't let them even consider that. We will confront the poison of anti-Semitism through both our words and, maybe even more importantly, our actions. In the last century, humanity witnessed the horrific consequences of anti-Semitism and a world without a Jewish homeland. In the wake of those unthinkable horrors, the Jewish people built a mighty nation in the Holy Land -- something very, very powerful, something very special and important.

Today, Israel demonstrates that incredible possibilities when strong, sovereign, and independent nations chart their own destinies. There can be no better example of greatness than what Israel has done, starting from such a small speck of sand. Israel is an inspiration, a trusted ally, and a cherished friend.

The United States will always stand by its side. I'd like to now invite Prime Minister Netanyahu to say a few words. And Bibi and I have known each other for a long time. He's another one who truly, truly loves Israel. I think I can say he also loves the United States. So before I sign the presidential proclamation recognizing Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights, I'd like to ask Prime Minister Netanyahu to say a few words. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much.  So this was a long time in the making. It should have taken place many decades ago.  Bibi, maybe you can give this to the people of Israel?

Well, we're talking right now. We're talking about this. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Yes, you can.

Yes, he did. Yes, he did.