Prime Minister Morrison, Mrs. Morrison -- Melania and I are immensely honored to host you and the entire Australian delegation for a state dinner in the historic Rose Garden. I want to express my gratitude to America's magnificent first lady for this truly exquisite evening. Thank you very much to Melania, she worked hard.

Thank you. Tonight, we celebrate more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between the United States and Australia. Both of our nations are blessed by the uncommon courage, unfailing commitment and unyielding character. Our two countries were born out of a vast wilderness, settled by the adventurers and pioneers whose fierce self-reliance shaped our destiny.

The first settlers carved out a home on the frontier and forged our defining national traits. Americans and Australians hold within our hearts a great love of family, a profound allegiance to our fellow citizens, a deep respect of law and liberty, and a determination to protect our independence at any cost.

It is this free and proud spirit that has always driven our people to imagine, to build, to achieve what others never even dreamed possible. From the wide-open landscapes of the West and the outback, rose up cowboys and sheriffs, rebels and renegades, miners and mountaineers. Against incredible hardships, our people have produced abundant harvest, pushed the bounds of science and exploration, and created timeless masterpieces of art, music and culture.

The defiant spirit of our people has also armed our nations with the strength to overcome any foe that dares to trample on our sovereignty, threaten our citizens or challenge our freedom. This evening, we honor every Aussie and American hero who has paid the supreme sacrifice so that we might live in safety and in peace.

In June of 1940, during the Second World War, a renowned Australian writer published a song in the Australian Women's Weekly. The song rallied the entire nation and it remains an inspiration to patriots everywhere. Its lyrics are now printed on Australia's 10-dollar bank note. The poem concludes by reminding the world that Aussies will always defend their cherished home.

And it says, "We are the sons of Australia, of the men who fashioned the land. We are the sons of the women who walked with them hand in hand. And we swear by the dead who bore us, by the heroes who blazed the trail, no foe shall gather our harvest or sit on our stockyard rail." As many of our friends with us here tonight know well, the acclaimed Australian author who penned these beautiful lines was named Mary Gilmore, and her great-great nephew is Prime Minister Morrison.

Prime Minister, on behalf of all Americans, our entire country, we are grateful that you carry on this noble legacy. We give thanks to all the sons and daughters of Australia who have toiled and sacrificed for a strong, vibrant and sovereign nation. So this evening, I offer a toast to the Prime Minister and Jennifer -- thank you, Jennifer -- and to every citizen of Australia: May our heroes forever inspire us, may our heritage always guide us, may our values always unite us and may our nations always remain the home of the proud, and the brave and the free.

I'd like to raise a glass to very special people and a very, very special country. Thank you.