Well, thank you very much. These are eight countries, plus us -- plus the United States -- that are fully paid. They met the goal of 2 percent. We call them the "2 percenters." Someday, we'll raise it to 3 percent and 4 percent, maybe. But, right now, we have it. But these are countries that have not been delinquent.

They've been, in some cases, even more than 2 percent, because they feel so strongly about what we're doing. And that's really a sign of respect for the United States. And one of the gentlemen -- I won't mention who -- but said it's so important to have the United States as a part of NATO because of what we've done.

And just to make you all feel good, we will have spent, under what I've done, $2.5 trillion on the military. Two and a half trillion. So that pales in comparison when you look at what we're talking about, right? So it's -- but it's two and a half of the greatest equipment in the world. Every form of equipment known to mankind or womankind.

So I just want to thank these great countries. And they are great. They've become friends of mine, in many cases. And they're very respected within their own countries. But these are countries that have met the goal of 2 percent. We have, unfortunately, a large number that haven't met the goal. Some are very close, and they will be. We've received an additional $130 billion a year.

And, I guess, if you go back three years, it's perhaps even more than that. But I've been doing this for three years. And the Secretary General will tell you, in a few seconds; he's going to say some -- a little bit about it. But when I first came, it was like a rollercoaster down, not up. Down. It was all the way down at the lowest point ever.

And since then, we've gone up massively. And now we'll be, by far, the highest point ever. So it's a great organization. And we -- we owe a lot to the Secretary General. He's been fantastic. He's done, really, a fantastic job. We think it'll be up -- within three years, it will be up to $400 billion more.

And -- but, in the meantime, these are the countries. I said, "I want to take the 2 percenters to lunch." We call them, affectionately, "Those 2 percenters." But I want to take them to lunch. So this is a lunch that's on me. And I want to thank you all. And if you'd like to say something to the press, you can. But, in the meantime, I'll ask our great Secretary General to say a few words.

Well, thank you. Great job you're doing. Thank you very much. How about Poland? Would you like to say something representing the group?

Thank you.

It is, indeed. I think he would get fantastic television ratings with that -- with the way he made that presentation.  How about my friend? You want to say something?

They will, actually. And if they don't, we'll get them on trade. One way or the other, they're paying, folks -- that, I can tell you. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Say it, Steven?

Oh, yeah, I'll cancel the news -- I've done so many. And I'm doing, I think, two more. We're meeting with Italy and Denmark. So, I'm doing two more. I think that's enough. There would be nothing to say. So I won't be -- you'll let the word out. We're doing -- but we are doing Denmark and Italy right after this.

So we're staying for two more bilats, and the press will be invited, okay?