Hello, Florida, a very, very special place. I'm thrilled to talk to you today about the critical decision Americans will make on November 3rd. There is no important, no more important election than what we're having on November 3rd and the path forward for our country. This election is about the very survival of our nation.

It's a choice between the safety and patriotism and prosperity offered by our movement and the anarchy, and that's exactly what it is. When you look at Portland and you look at what goes on in Democrat-run cities and states, chaos, crime, and socialism promised by a puppet like Joe Biden, that has no clue.

There's nothing that they can't get that radical left and they can't get him to do, and you see that loud and clear. It's happening right before your eyes. This week the Democrats are holding their convention. Yesterday a Democrat speaker said, I quote, we're talking about abolishing the police. We're talking about abolishing ice.

We're talking about abolishing prisons and so many other things. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, it's another real beauty, want to defund the police. They want to abolish school choice which you have to have, raise your taxes by $4 trillion, an unsustainable amount, including middle-class taxes, give free healthcare to illegal aliens.

They want to obliterate or terminate your Second Amendment. They want to take away your gun, take away your -- take away your safety and security. Socialism is the mainstream of the Biden campaign. It's not the mainstream of America, as you've heard me say many times, America, this country, this great United States that we know and love will never be a socialist country.

On November 3rd, the people of Florida will help us defeat high taxes, bad healthcare, socialism, and a nation that is, if you look at it, would be just absolutely destroyed by socialism like so many others have, and will win another historic victory of freedom and we will keep our American dream. We love our American dream.

That's what we want is the American dream. That's what makes people work and save and spend and do everything they can do. It's the American dream. I want to thank some of our great Republicans who are fighting right by our side. These are tremendous people, your Governor Ron DeSantis, who's turned out to be just incredible and the coronavirus you see is going down rapidly, and he's been doing a great job and working very hard.

A Senator, great friend of mine, Marco Rubio. I've gotten to know him better and better with time and he's a terrific guy. He's a terrific guy with a terrific future. And another great friend of mine, Rick Scott, we worked very hard when he was Governor. He was a successful, great Governor, but we worked hard on the hurricanes.

No administration has ever done so much in the first three and a half years as the Trump administration. We achieved record-low unemployment for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asians, women, young people, old people. I mean everybody, students that never got a degree in high school, students that did get their high school degree, colleges, PhDs, everything, record-low unemployment.

We employed more than 160 million people prior to the plague coming in from China and now we're bringing it back again very, very quickly. I protected very, very powerfully your Second Amendment, no changes. Your Second Amendment is strong and powerful. If they ever get in, they'll obliterate it. It will be ended.

We continue to combat the China virus very successfully. It's a tough one. It's the invisible enemy. Should have never happened. They should have never let it come in, came in here, came in Europe, came all over the world, 188 countries. They should have never let it happen. They stopped it from going into China.

We won't forget. Yesterday, the stock market broke all-time record. Nobody can believe it so quickly. It broke our record. It's incredible. It's going up a lot higher. Homebuilder optimism is at a record high, housing permits have surged 40% since April. Leading indicators are looking incredible for future economic growth and it looks like a V shape, a super V, I would call it because you see the numbers as well as I do.

On top of that, three vaccine candidates are in the final phase of clinical trials. They're really looking good, great companies, and we have many under consideration. We'll have a vaccine very shortly and we'll have therapeutics very, very shortly, and we will have them distributed very quickly, but the numbers are going down rapidly throughout the country.

And through the Paycheck Protection Program, we provided nearly $32 billion, over 418,000 small businesses in your state, your great state, saving 3.2 million Florida jobs and we've delivered more than $18 billion in economic impact payments straight to Florida, families. And that's why you're seeing things happen and I guess, things are going to happen again.

The Democrats want to talk because they're holding back stimulus money from families and they want to talk. Just heard about that, and as you know, I signed Executive Orders, giving a lot of additional aid and that'll be coming to you very soon. We're working with Governors to safely reopen our schools in the fall.

We want to get football going. We want to get the schools open. We want to get colleges open. I'm also fighting for school choice, every parent should be able to send their child to the public, private, charter, religious, or independent school of their choice. The other side, Biden and that group, they don't want that at all.

They're totally controlled by groups of people that won't allow that to happen, but you need school choice for greatness. We're bringing vital medical supply chains back to American soil and I'm the first President to lower drug prices in 51 years. I recently signed four groundbreaking Executive Orders to bring prices down 50%, 60%, maybe 70%. Under the last administration, drug prices skyrocketed more than 50%. They literally skyrocketed.

Biden didn't do a thing. He was helpless and he would be helpless here. He won't be running anything. For decades, America was charged much higher prices than other nations. We funded R&D, we funded everything for the world that we paid much more than any other nation, but I stopped it. We now have Favored Nations Clauses you see -- you will see it's going to be coming down, the drug prices very, very soon.

And if you think it was easy to do Favored Nations with all of the opposition from big pharma, the No. 1 contributor to the world of politicians, you would be -- you would be surprised at how hard it was but I got it done and I got the rebates done, too. So now money comes directly to you, as opposed to going to what they call middlemen, some of the wealthiest people in the country.

We're finally allowing the importation of prescription drugs from other countries at a much, much lower price. These are name brand drugs, but they pay much less because of the horrible formulas devised by some people long ago, but I ended it all. We're protecting Florida workers from unfair trade. We're replacing the disaster known as NAFTA, just got terminated.

We have the USMCA which is phenomenal. It supports more than 750,000 Florida jobs. Mexico and Canada took advantage of us under NAFTA, like you wouldn't believe. One of the worst trade deals, probably the worst trade deal ever signed. We lost tens of thousands of businesses. We passed the largest package of tax cuts and regulation cuts by far in American history, saving the average family of four over $5,000, and with the energy savings, because you notice you're paying very little at the pump, you're talking about over $10,000 per year.

We ended the war on American energy. We are now an energy-independent country. I've approved historic levels of funding for Everglades Restoration. Some of you are very, very much into that and it was important to me. Florida's my home, too. Lake Okeechobee, Okeechobee is a beautiful place. I've been there many times, Lake Okeechobee.

I've been there many, many times and we're building a lot of different structures. The Army Corps of Engineers, in order to save it, make it even better. They'll be almost -- they'll be finished very soon. A lot of money went into -- into the area and it's really done something that is terrific. The transit in Miami and the St.

Petersburg areas have been incredibly upgraded, tremendous funds, highways, roadways, bridges, everything. And the Port of Tampa Bay has been incredibly improved and they've been trying to get it done for 35 years. I got it done. I've approved record levels of disaster relief funding for your hurricanes that you got hit with a lot and you can ask Governor DeSantis or you could ask Governor Scott.

We gave it to you immediately and the fastest time ever. You got it immediately and you got it full. To defend the United States Constitution, we will have appointed nearly 300 federal judges by the end of my first term. It'll be a record, including two great Supreme Court justices and you now see how important that is because they'll be talking about the Second Amendment.

They'll be talking about life. They'll be talking about some very important issues to you and the next President could have anywhere from two to three to maybe even four additional choices. So important, judges. I've always heard judges and Supreme Court justices, the most important thing a President can do.

Well, we will have set a record, could even be more by the end of the first term, could even be more than 300 federal judges, including Court of Appeals judges. We passed Veterans Choice and Veterans Accountability. Accountability gives us the privilege of getting rid of people that don't take care and don't love our vets and we had that.

But you couldn't do anything about it because of a lot of rules, regulations, civil service, unions, and now we can. And we want people that are going to cherish and love our vets and take care of them and Veterans Choice gives us the right to have our vets go out and get a private doctor. We pay the bill instead of waiting in line for two weeks, three weeks, four weeks.

It's been an amazing change. We've invested more than $2.5 trillion in our great military. Our military now is in better shape than it's ever been. We've upgraded the jets. We had old jet fighters, old everything. Everything was old and tired and depleted and it's all been changed. That's all been changed.

We now have the best ever, all built in the USA, and it's been an incredible difference. People are talking about it. People can't even believe it, $2.5 trillion invested in our military. I recognized Israel's capital and move the American embassy to Jerusalem. Other Presidents talked about it, many, many Presidents talked about it, but they never got it done.

And don't forgot -- don't forget what I did for Golan Heights and recognizing Golan Heights as a part of Israel, a big thing. And of course, I also terminated that horrible, one-sided ridiculous deal, the Iran deal. And now, they want to negotiate, they will be back in the United States. If we win, they are dreaming.

They are dreaming of Joe Biden to negotiate with. Look at the disaster that we had, $150 billion given to them for nothing, $1.8 billion in cash. They'd like to be able to deal with that group again, but that won't happen. They'll be in -- with us negotiating within the first month and we'll make a real deal, not that horrible short-term deal that was made by the Obama administration.

Last week, we finalized a historic peace agreement between Israel and the United Arab Emirates, highly respected leader of the Emirates, and I will tell you, it is a -- it's a deal that even people that aren't big fans of Donald Trump say, that deal's amazing and now other countries from the Middle East will be coming in.

You'll end up with peace in the Middle East. I'm fighting against socialism at home and abroad. We imposed historic sanctions on the Maduro regime and I was the first leader to recognize Venezuela's legitimate President and we want elections. We want to take care of people from Venezuela. We want them to be able to travel to Venezuela, but this just shows what a socialist regime or worse can do to a country, 20 years ago it's a rich country.

Now, they don't have water, they don't have food, they don't have medicine, but we help them a lot you know that. And I ended the horrible Obama-Biden sell-out to the Castro regime because that deal with Cuba was horrible. I stand with the people of Cuba. I stand with the people of Venezuela, Nicaragua in their righteous struggle for freedom and you watch.

It'll be fantastic when it happens, but Obama totally sold out the great people living in our country and living in Cuba, the people of Cuba. It's all going to come together. It'll come together very fast after the election, but they want to take a shot at getting anybody but Trump. They don't like negotiating with -- with us.

We're restoring law and order to Democrat-run cities that allowed rioters to run wild. We're surging federal law enforcement to stop violent crime. The FBI has opened 300 domestic terror investigations. We put many people in jail just over the short little while and we want them to ask us for help and when they do, we can end their violence in their cities.

If you take a look at Portland, where you have anarchists and agitators, and frankly, people that hate our country. We could end that in a matter of hours. We're defending our national monuments. Anyone who faces our statues or monuments will face 10 years in prison and it'll happen quickly. And as soon as I signed that two and a half months ago, you haven't seen anybody doing anything to our monuments or our statues.

You notice how quickly that happened. All over the country, they were doing bad things to some very meaningful statues and monuments, and we ended it immediately. You get 10 years in jail. They said, well, I guess this is too much now and they stopped. We haven't seen it happen. We're providing $400 million to hire hundreds of new police officers around the country.

We will never defund our police, we will always defend our police. This is just crazy. They want to defund. If you look at Seattle, they want to, literally, they're in the process of terminating, abolishing the police force. Recently, I was honored and received the endorsement of Florida's Sheriffs. Florida Sheriffs Association, all over Florida law enforcement has supported your President and I'm very honored by it, but the same thing in Texas, the same thing in Ohio, the same thing in many, many states.

I just got the approval and just got the endorsement from New York's finest. We got the endorsement from New York Police, all of them. So I don't -- I can't imagine anybody ever supporting the other side because they don't want to have safety and law and order and all of the things that come with it. Our police have been great.

I want to just thank because I know we have a lot of the Sheriffs on the district from -- all of the Florida Sheriffs. They're on the phone now along with many, many people. I don't even want to tell you how many because it's a lot. But I just want to thank all of those great Sheriffs and all of the law enforcement all over Florida.

We secured America's borders, completed by two weeks from now over 300 miles of border wall. That is not penetrable. It is a -- it is the Border Police do a great job, by the way, and ICE do a great job. But this is the one they wanted and we said to them, what's the best? And they said this is the best so we built it.

So we'll be over 300 miles within two weeks and it has had a huge impact. The numbers on the border -- people only come in if they come in legally and we want them to come in through merit. We ended catch and release which was a disaster, where we'd catch criminals and we'd have to release them by law. We don't do that anymore.

We stripped federal grant funding from the deadly sanctuary cities, which are a disaster. Instituted a National Security travel ban on the world's most dangerous regions, some of them jihadist regions that are very, very dangerous, and very bad. We removed 20,000 gang members, including 4,500 members from MS-13, one of the worst gangs, probably the worst gang anywhere in the world.

We're removing them and sending them back to their countries, back where they came from and they can't come back in. Border Patrol and ICE have seized over 2 million pounds of deadly narcotics, entered into historic agreements with Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala to end the abuse of the asylum system. And now, when we catch people that are coming into our country, the Obama administration, they wouldn't take them back.

They take them back very quickly with us. They have no choice. The Biden-Harris immigration plan, if you can even believe Kamala Harris. If you can even believe that, a lot of people think that that's a very important choice because she was selected and you see what's going on with Joe. But it's not going to make any difference, hopefully, because on November 3rd we're going to have an election and I believe it's going to be the most important election, even more so than 2016. I believe it's going to be the most important election this country's ever had.

But the Biden-Harris immigration plan would abolish borders, stop all deportations, restore and expand catch and release, if you can believe that, free illegal aliens from federal detention and close detention facilities all over our country, immediately suspend all removals, other words, can't send them back.

Stay here, no matter who they are, no matter how bad they are. End prosecution of illegal border crossers. So we can no longer prosecute people that come into our country illegally, which means everyone's going to come in. Terminate all protections that we've enacted against asylum fraud. Incentivize illegal alien child smuggling and also women trafficking.

They're trafficking women. We've -- we've brought it down to a level that hasn't been reached in a long time, but it's such a serious problem. It's an -- it sounds ancient, but the Internet has made it into a very big deal worldwide, but the wall has helped tremendously. Provide taxpayer-funded lawyers for illegal aliens.

This is what they do. They want to give you a taxpayer-funded lawyer if you come into our country illegally. They want to provide government healthcare for illegal aliens. Well, we don't do that for our people, in most cases. You take a look at what's happening with healthcare and the great job we've done in healthcare and we'll always protect people with pre-existing conditions, always.

We will always do that, but the healthcare that Obama did, we got rid of the individual mandate. Making it good which effectively ended Obamacare and we're now working on different methods. We've really created something very special with regard to healthcare, but they want to provide government healthcare for illegal aliens.

They want a free community college for illegal aliens. They want to give community college. They want to give, essentially, college for illegal aliens. Everybody come on in, go to college. We'll take care of your healthcare. We'll take care of everything. They want to end all travel bans, including from the ji -- jihadist regions that I mentioned.

Grant mass amnesty for everyone. They want mass amnesty. They want to end cash bail, which have you seen. They did that in New York and it's a disaster. Everybody goes in, they come right out, no matter what they did. Increase refugee admissions by 700%, in other words, 700% more. Provide government healthcare to illegal aliens.

They want to provide massive healthcare to illegals coming in. Perhaps the most dangerous plank in the Biden-Harris agenda is their avid support of these sanctuary cities. They want sanctuary cities to be expanded. Something that would be a total disaster and I will say, they want to incentivize and you've seen this, prison closure and also provide for so many different forms of -- of health.

Everybody's going to want to come in and it's not going to be acceptable. We're looking at a very different program. We're talking about a massive cut in taxes. We're going to have tremendous growth and saving your Second Amendment. We're going to unleash the full power of the American economy. We created an unprecedented economic miracle once and now already you can see, it's happening again.

Largest quarter, last three months, largest in the history of our country for jobs, most jobs, more than 9 million jobs. It's coming back much faster than anybody would have thought even possible and it'll continue to come back unless people start raising your taxes like what they want to do and also raising up on regulations.

We'll shut down illegal immigration and we'll finish up the wall, which will be finished by the end of the year. In any event, we'll be very tough on China. We made a great trade deal with China, as you know, but I feel differently about China than I did before the plague came in and they are now being watched very carefully on accountability, but they're buying a lot from our farmers.

Two days ago, they made the largest purchase of corn in history, but I still view that as differently than I would have before the plague. We'll bring medical manufacturing and critical supply chains back to America so we never have to be dependent on foreign producers. We'll root out anti-American bias in our schools and colleges, where your children and people are being taught horrible, horrible things that aren't even true.

We'll end big text assault on free space -- speech and that's what they're doing. It's an assault on free speech. We will defend your God-given rights to bear arms, Second Amendment. We'll support the heroes of law enforcement. We will totally defund sanctuary cities, that's part of it. We will create an immigration system that's going to be based on many wonderful things and it'll be a very fair system.

You have to come into our country legally, but it's a system based on merit and love. People have to love our country, not hate our country when they come in. We'll bring our troops home from Afghanistan, we're very close to finalizing that, and we're going to end the endless wars. We're mostly out of Syria, mostly out of Iraq, and we're very low now in Afghanistan.

We're ending these endless wars, where they go in not even to win wars just to police countries, spending tens of billions of dollars a year and having soldiers come home, in some cases, in very, very bad shape. These are great heroes and we take care of them better than ever before. Our VA has done a great job, 91% approval rating, the Veterans Administration.

We're going to drain the Washington swamp. We will continue to and that's one of the reasons that I want to just thank some of these incredible people for being on the phone. We have Congressman Matt Gaetz, Neal Dunn, John Rutherford, Michael Waltz, Bill Posey, Daniel Webster, Gus Bilirakis, Vern Buchanan, Greb -- Greg Steube, Brian Mast, Mario Diaz-Balart, and we had a big, big day yesterday.

We had some incredible races and some incredible people winning; Anna Paulina Luna, Byron Donalds, Carlos Gimenez, Maria Salazar, Kat Cammack, and Laura Loomer. We had some incredible races. They're all on the phone listening I think and we had some just great success. But I just want to close by saying, November 3rd most important election in the history of our country.

It's an election that, not only cements everything we've done in the last four years with all of the great trade deals that we've made, renegotiate, and made brand new, with all of the tremendous economic success -- success, but it allows us to go forward. We have to cement everything that we've done and we have to create much more.

We'll be doing tremendous regulation cuts, tremendous additional tax cuts, always protecting. Remember this, your Second Amendment 'cause your Second Amendment to this side wins, your Second Amendment will be taken away from you. You will not have that right any longer. You see the people he put in charge of it.

These are people that don't want the Second Amendment. So I just want to thank everybody from the great State of Florida. It's a special state. It's a state I love and I will see you again, and we'll probably do another one of these calls. But you've got to get out, November 3rd, most important election in the history of our country.

We will never be a socialist country. Thank you very much. Good night.