Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you. We continue to see evidence that our aggressive strategy is working and working at a very high level. Nationwide the percent of tests that come back positive has declined very significantly. Last week roughly 38 percent of the tests in New York were positive; this week that number is down to 28 percent.

New cases in New York are down 50 percent compared to a week ago, and fatalities are down 40 percent over the same period. In Louisiana the rate of positive test result declined from 25 percent down to 15 percent in the last seven days alone. 18 states now show a decline in a number of positive tests in the last seven days over the last seven days been very, very significant progress.

Half of all Americans live in states that have now taken steps to open their economies. Just yesterday Governors Gavin Newsom California, Tim Walz of Minnesota, and Bill Lee of Tennessee announced additional plans to restart certain sectors. We ask every American to maintain vigilance and hygiene, social distancing, and voluntary use of face coverings.

We are opening our country. It's very exciting to see. We have a lot of talent involved from governors down to people that just stand there and help you with the doors. There's been tremendous talent involved and tremendous spirit from our country. The country is a great place, and it's going to be greater than ever before.

I really believe that. I think there's going to be a tremendous upward shift. I spoke with Tim Cook today of Apple, and they have a good sense of the market, and he feels it's going to be a V. The V is sharply upward later on as we actually get it fully open. Today I signed a Paycheck Protection Program and Healthcare Enhancement Act providing $320 billion to keep American workers on the payroll.

$30 billion of the Paycheck Protection funds will be reserved for small financial institutions, including those that serve minority and distressed communities, extending vital relief to thousands of African American and Hispanic American small-business owners and their employees. The bill also delivers $75 billion for hospital so badly needed for hospitals they've taken a very big hit and medical providers.

In areas less affected by the virus hospitals and doctors should work with their state and local health officials on ways to safely resume elective medical treatments and care. Under the CARES Act, we are sending direct payments to millions of American workers more than 80 million Americans have already received their payment $3400 for a typical family of four, $3,400. That is great, and you deserve it. The CARES Act requires that the federal government send out a notice of what benefits Americans are receiving; to fulfill the requirement the Treasury Department is mailing a letter to me. It will include the amount of their economic impact payment, how it will arrive direct deposit, check or prepaid debit card as well as a message to the nation letting each American know that we are getting through this challenge together as one American family and that is what has been happening.

The whole world is watching us. You have 184 countries out there that have been hit, and now it's probably higher than that, but they are all watching us. They are all watching, and they're calling, and they respect what we are doing so much. I spoke with the leaders of numerous countries today; they are asking if we can send them into leaders, and I am agreeing to do it. We have tremendous capacity now overcapacity of ventilators.

We are filling up stockpiles for our states and for ourselves. Federal government has over 10,000 ventilators that we could have a lot more if we wanted to do that, but we are helping Mexico, Honduras, Indonesia, France. We are sending to France, we are sending to Spain, we're sending to Italy, and we will probably be spending to Germany should they need them.

Over the last three years, we built the strongest economy, and the most successful country the world has ever seen greatest economy the world has ever seen. Nobody has ever done anything like what we we're able to do, and we will rebuild that economy. Our economy in the not-too-distant future I really believe with all that we have learned and all that we have done will be just as strong and may be stronger than ever before even stronger than it was just two months ago.

Some interesting note is that the FDA approved the first at-home COVID-19 test kit just got approved and Dr. Stephen -- where is Stephen? Stephen Hahn? Stephen is going to say a couple of words about that and some other things. I want to thank Stephen. The FDA has been incredible. They have been approving not only this, but they have been improving many things at a pace that has never happened before, and they are being very safe about it, as Stephen told me. He has told me very strongly, but at the same time, they are approving things at record numbers at a record rate and it has really been helpful.

Many tests are going on, many vaccine tests and tests of every different kind and things are happening just like this. Things are happening very rapidly, and I would like to tell you a little bit about it. Thank you see you very much, Stephen.

Go ahead, Doctor

Thank you very much.