Thank you all very much. We are making our rounds in Florida. We are setting records from stop to stop and it's great and they are my friends and it is a place I know very well. We had great victories here and I am very grateful and very grateful also to be back in South Florida with Americans from Venezuela, Cuba, Nicaragua, and many other great places that we cherish and we take care of. I want to thank Pastor Frank Lopez. Thank you very much, Frank.

Appreciate it. Where is Frank? Thank you, Frank. That is not like you, Frank, not being in the spotlight. I can't believe it. That's great. We appreciate it very much, Frank. Beautiful job you do. And my friend Mario Diaz-Balart, great congressman, and a great warrior. He has been a warrior and for this area in particular but thank you very much, great job.

And he recovered successfully. He was positive, he tested positive. I heard about it and I wasn't thrilled but he pointed out somebody said his immune system must have been good. It wasn't perfect you still with very little bit, right? But you did a great job thank you very much. Well, my administration as you know it stands with every citizen of Venezuela and Cuba and Nicaragua.

It stands with the righteous struggle for freedom. The Patriots here today fled socialism, defined freedom and socialism and other things as you know and a step beyond socialism in many cases and now Joe Biden and the radical left are trying to impose the same system, socialism plus, in America. Biden is a puppet of Bernie Sanders, AOC, the militant left, the people that want to rip down statues and monuments to George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, and Jesus.

Okay? Jesus. They want to rip down statues to Jesus. So we are dealing with a group of people that they will not win, they will not win at all at this election coming up is a very important one. I use to say 2016 the most important and maybe I will still say that but this is equal to that. This is equal because we need that extra time to have it seed like a tree, you move it, it has to grab on and that is why I appreciate you all being you were great leaders and I appreciate you being here.

Nobody will be safe in a Biden America but Biden doesn't know what a Biden America is if you ask him to find that he wouldn't even know what it is but other people do and he will have radical people running that, he will be choosing a vice president who we will see what that ends up being that he will be choosing somebody but even that person won't have as much to do with running the country as you would believe.

Biden wants to defund the police, he wants to call the cops the enemy which he did the other day leaving every so the sun at the mercy of a socialist mob or a mob far worse than socialism was ever meant to be. I am fighting against this horrible situation. I'm fighting and I am fighting hard and I want the Republicans to get strong and tough and I want people that agree with me on the Democrat side of which there are many I think we are going to have a tremendous Democrat surge.

We are actually doing in the real polls we are doing very well. We reviewed polls this morning with different states. We are doing very well by the way you will be happy to know in the State of Florida. We are doing great. You see the boaters out there are thousands and thousands of boats every weekend and we appreciate it but nobody has seen anything like it ever and we have that in many other states with boaters and bikers and everybody.

There is a spirit that nobody has ever seen. I don't think we had anything like this even in the 2016 race because they see what happened. We built the greatest economy in the history of our world, greater than anything we have had a greater than anything the world has ever seen. China was not doing well, China went down to the worst it was the worst year they had in 67 years.

This is before the plague came in, the China virus came in and the worst economy they had in 67 years. They were doing not well with the tariffs and all of the other. We are taking billions of dollars from China, I was giving it to farmers and giving it to people that were targeted and we were doing great and then the plague came in. I said oh, there's the plague.

The plague is coming in and we closed our borders to China, very heavily infected and we did the ban and if we didn't do that we would have had hundreds of thousands of more people dead and then we did the ban to Europe because we saw what was happening with Italy and Spain and some others, many others and we were ahead but we are still fighting it and we are going to do very well.

We are testing at a level that nobody has ever tested before. We are making ventilators for the world. We literally had no ventilators and now we are making thousands of ventilators a month, thousands, thousands and thousands and we are helping other countries. We are giving as an example to Mexico we have given 600 ventilators and they are desperately needed them.

The president of Mexico was a at the White House two days ago and he is a great -- he is a great guy the president and we had a tremendous day and evening, we had dinner with a lot of the real leadership of Mexico and it was a fantastic thing and a lot of people didn't think we would get along and it was just the opposite.

We were joking about it a little bit people thought maybe we are very different type people but we are not really. We got along great so the relationship with Mexico and the United States is very strong. We just signed the USMCA which is tremendous. We had a horrible, horrible situation with NAFTA. It was the worst trade deal I think probably ever made and now we have a great trade deal for the United States and also it is very fair to Canada and to Mexico so that is good.

We imposed historic sanctions on the Maduro regime. We indicted Maduro for narco terrorism as you know everybody here knows. We are standing with the righteous and rightful leaders of Venezuela. This time it is Juan Guaido. We impose sanctions on Nicaragua for human rights violations. They have been violating a lot of human rights, a lot of very bad things are happening in Nicaragua and I ended the Obama Biden sellout to the Castro regime in Cuba.

We have been very strong on Cuba. Cuba is not doing so well. Joe Biden has pledged to reinstate the procommunist policies of the Obama Biden administration. They were procommunist policies, the deal he made with Cuba is ridiculous. It is ridiculous. What he did for Cuba and what they did for Cuba is ridiculous and I guess it is why the Cubans gave me the bay of pigs award just before the last election if you remember, got the bay of pigs award which was a great honor.

I have it very proudly in my office. Republicans are the party of freedom, Democrats are the party of socialism and worse. That is what has happened to the Democrat Party is a whole different deal, they tear down the monuments and they think it is good. Nancy Pelosi made a statement well, that's okay. That's no big deal and the region she said that is she has no control over it. She didn't say it because she really believed it. She said it because she has absolutely no control over what these people are doing and we do. We do. We were going to go into Seattle.

We were all set to move and then they heard that we were and the police came out and they did what they should have done weeks before so we got that done. Minneapolis, same thing. We said you've got to send in the National Guard after four days of ridiculous, no law enforcement. We were -- we demanded that the National Guard be sent in. The minute it was sent in, it all ended.

They walk through those streets like a knife goes through butter. It was pretty amazing. Now what we are doing is in Portland. We have a very radicalized group and we have it so under control, we have it under control. The local police have not done the job. I think they were told not to do a job but we have it very much under control.

We are taking very strong measures and we are looking at other places too. When you see what is going on in some of these Democrat run cities, all Democrat run cities in every case and they go into hell and we are doing a lot of things to get that changed and we are going to get it changed very quickly. So I would like to ask our great congressman to say a few words if he would.

He understands the situation. He loves this area very much. He will constantly call me and if I can't get back to him and he immediately he will call me again because he wants money coming here and he wants a lot of other things coming here and that is the way a good congressman is supposed to be, right?

And he's not a good congressman, he's a great congressman so if you would please Mario.

-- Thank you --

-- Very much, Mario; appreciate it. Great job you do, too. How about we go down the line? Please?

That's very nice. I appreciate it; beautifully said. And it is a catastrophe when you think of what happened to Venezuela. Thank you very much.

I want to get that speech. Do you mind giving me that speech? I could use it.  How good was this? Who's your speech writer? You wrote that yourself? Want to work for me as a speech writer?

-- He's too -- he's too big. He works for me anyway in a different way. But, you've done a great job. That's a beautiful speech. I want to thank you very much --

I want it. You think I'm kidding too, don't you?  He thinks I'm kidding. It's true. The Republican Party has grown incredibly from where it was, and we have a whole different group of people in the Republican Party. Like people don't remember. Nobody ever heard of it until I came along. Nobody remembered it for a long time, or they didn't use it at least.

I use it all the time. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. You know, you said that. People say, "I didn't know that." But, he was a Republican. So, we're doing a great job. But, that was a beautiful job. I appreciate it very much. Thank you. Please.

Okay.

That's right.

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Please .

Right.

Thank you very much. And he became one of the most successful men in Florida so he did -- that is the only thing he didn't say but he did and he is a great gentleman. Thank you very much. That was very nice that you've cut everyone else down to about 1 minute, we appreciate that.

Okay. Do you mind?

-- Let's go.

-- Okay. Thank you very much; appreciate it.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Beautifully stated. Thank you very much. We are working very hard.

You know that, okay?

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Great job.

Thank you so much, pastor. Very nice, beautiful. Thank you. Thank you. Please?

Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Well, I want to thank everybody. I will not forget what I heard today. It -- it's very moving. It's a very tough situation. And we've made a lot of progress, as you probably have seen and you know. And I have a feeling you won't be disappointed. And by the way, 2020 is very important, very important.

So, good luck to everybody. Thank you. Really a good job, beautiful job I won't forget. And you have a great representative right here. So, Mario we'll be speaking, okay? Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.