Well, thank you very much, and hello, Arizona. I'm thrilled to be with you and talk to you today about the critical decisions facing our country, and we have some big ones, and you know that. We've been doing really well. Numbers are looking really incredible for this comeback that we've already staged and are staging.

We have record-setting job growth and everything else, but we got hit by the plague from China and that set us back. We were having the best year we've ever had, the best numbers, the best stock markets, which are frankly, getting close to being the best already again. But we got hit and we're doing a really good job on that, and I think very soon, you're going to see some fantastic news in terms of vaccines and therapeutics, and just fighting it the way we've been fighting it. We built ventilators, we did all sorts of things that nobody thought frankly were possible.

We inherited empty cupboards and it's -- it wasn't a good situation, but we've helped the 50 states. We've actually helped the world because we've -- we've made things and sent them out to the world, in particular, the ventilators where we had very few, and now we make thousands a month. So we are doing very well in terms of our economy and building it back.

And just to take a look at the option on November 3rd, that's going to be a big date for this country because the election really is a choice between our movement of American patriots. Everybody on this line, I think, is an American patriot who want to build up our country. We're proud of our country. We're proud of our heritage.

It's really -- we're very proud of our heritage and Joe Biden and the radical-left wing mobs that you see all over in some of the cities where -- you look at Chicago and you look at even now when you just saw what's going on and in Oregon. You take a look at what's happening there and you take a look at what's happening in so many different places that are run by Liberal Democrats and it's not a good situation, not a good situation at all.

We sent people to -- you probably heard, to Seattle and as soon as we let the world know that we were going there, they went in and they sent their own police department finally, after a long period of time. And they gave up and they took back their city, and the same thing is happening right now in a great state, Oregon and it's -- it's terrible what -- when you look at what's happening throughout the state and you have people defending what's taking place, and we can't allow that to happen.

So you'll see things happening in other cities, that frankly, we let the Democrats have it. But then you look at Chicago where last year -- last week, over the weekend, 68 people shot, 14 people died. And now, you look at -- they've lost control of New York. This super liberal group that's running New York, New York state, whether it's the Mayor or whether it's the Governor, Cuomo or de Blasio.

You look at what's happening, so we're going to start getting involved. We figured let them run it. Let them do it and then we're going to have to get involved. So that's the way it is, but we've been doing a great job. We actually -- it's hard to believe. We have record-low crime numbers but you look at some of the states run by Democrats, run cities also run by Democrats.

It's really very, very disgraceful and we look forward to solving that problem. We have no choice but to get involved. So we have -- and wherever we're involved, Minneapolis as an example, they went rampant and then we had the National Guard. As soon as we send in the National Guard, everything stopped, everything stopped.

So it's great to have everybody in the fold. We're going to talk about a little bit. We would normally be doing this with a rally. We loved our rallies, but because of COVID or COVID-19, there's plenty of different names for it. You can call it a lot of different things, the China virus, call it whatever you want.

But it should have been stopped, should have never been allowed to come here. Should have never been allowed to come into our country. They could have stopped it and they didn't. It went all over the world, 188 countries are suffering and still suffering, and some very greatly but we have that under control.

I want to thank some of the wonderful Arizona Republicans that are fighting with us and they are really been -- they've been warriors. Governor Doug Ducey has been fantastic, Senator Martha McSally. I hope we're going to send her back to Washington. We can really use -- we need everybody we can have. Representatives Paul Gosar, Andy Biggs, David Schweikert, and Debbie Lesko.

They're tremendous people and the Head of the Arizona Republican Party, your Chair, Kelli Ward, been a friend of mine for a long time. She's a fantastic person, does a great job. She works very hard. But since by inauguration, we've been fighting for the hardworking patriots of Arizona like never before.

You had your best year ever. You never had a year like it and you could -- I really could say you had your best three years. Then, we got hit but you're coming back and you're coming back strong. We've helped a lot. We've built over 250 miles of wall to stop the flow of drugs and crime, and illegal immigration and trafficking, and trafficking in women mostly and children, but women mostly.

And a lot of it's built already. It's 250 miles, we'll be up to -- we'll have it almost complete by the end of the year. This is despite the fact that the Democrats took down every barrier to -- I mean, they -- what they did to try and stop it. And in the end, we won that one and we're stopping gang members from pouring through.

Somebody said, you know, it's amazing we don't see the caravans anywhere. Well, the caravans aren't happening anymore. We worked with Guatemala, El Salvador, with Honduras, with Mexico. We worked with the countries and they wouldn't even take those countries, wouldn't take people back. When they caught bad, bad, a lot of bad people.

They said we're not going to take them back. We'd have planes flying around trying to land, buses trying to go back into those countries. They wouldn't take them back. Now they take them back. They had no choice, they take them back. But we've deported over 16,000 gang members, 2,000 MS-13 members. And for the first time ever, we're now prosecuting vast numbers of MS-13, and most importantly, MS-13 leaders.

And these people are really stopping -- we're stopping the flow of MS-13. That's a bad group, probably the worst. But we're bringing them back and I want to thank all of the members of ICE Border Patrol that worked so hard on it and to defend Arizona farmers and ranchers and workers. As you know, we officially replaced the disaster known as NAFTA, which was one of the worst trade deals.

That was maybe the worst, although, they made a lot of them in this country. With a brand new USMCA and the USMCA is expected to create 76,000 new automotive jobs for the first time in five years and that's going to be also great. A lot of jobs are moving into Arizona, but tremendous for automotive, but great for the farmer, great for the rancher, and great for manufacturing.

It's been a fantastic deal and it's gone into effect, totally gone into effect and NAFTA is dead. That NAFTA was so unfair to our country. Many of you know that. Many of you were hurt by NAFTA, thousands and thousands of facilities, factories, plants closed up because of NAFTA. I was the only President to stand up to China with historic tariffs paid for by China by the way, through a devaluation of their currency.

And I was defending Arizona workers and jobs and factories against China's plunder and theft because that's what it's been. It's been 30 years of plunder and theft and nobody did anything about it, no other President. And they had a field day with President Obama and Biden. Under my administration, China will also be held fully accountable for the lies and deceit that unleashed the China virus into the world, into our country, into the world.

They could have stopped it as I said. We marshaled every power at America's disposal to defeat the virus and through Operation Warp Speed, which was something that was very successful that the fake news doesn't like writing about. We're rapidly developing therapies and vaccines, and what we did is -- what we've done in terms of delivery of everything.

Never -- if you think of it, never -- with all of the complexities of as an example, ventilators never once did anybody in our country, our entire country who needed a ventilator, not get it. We got everybody ventilators. Now, we're delivering them all over the world. Thousands -- were making thousands a month all over the world.

And through a lot of great research and working also with other countries, the therapies and the vaccines are going to be happening and they're going to be happening very soon. We expect to have 100 million doses of vaccine available before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that. And therapeutically, we think we're going to be in very great shape very soon.

Tremendous progress has been made and we're working with a lot of great nations on this, but we are -- we are leading the way. Through the Paycheck Protection Program, we provided nearly $9 billion so that 80,000 Arizona small businesses could continue paying their workers. We're also working now on Phase 4 with Congress, and I think, it's going to be very successful.

We're getting it through. We're getting through this bad period. And I think you're going to see a third-quarter that's going to be incredible, and next year will one of the best years we've had economically. You know, retail sales were more in June by a little bit than last June, and this is with -- with what we're going through with the pandemic.

And a lot of states, by the way, are doing very well but we have -- we had some flare-ups to put it mildly, and we'll put those flare-ups out. After years of devastating budget cuts, we've rebuilt our military. It was a totally depleted military when I took over. Investing more than $2.5 trillion in new tanks and planes, ships and missiles, and what we've done with our military is amazing.

And frankly, what we've done for our vets and your state is a very, very big state for our vets. What we've done with our vets is just something that's incredible. It's been years and years, they've been fighting for Veterans Choice, and I got it approved and Veterans Accountability. Now, Accountability is where you have bad people working in the VA and you couldn't get them out.

You couldn't get them fired. We can now fire them. We fired about 9,000 people that have done a terrible job and they were sadists, they were thieves, and you couldn't get them out. Even if they were guilty and you caught him being guilty. But now you get them out. So Veterans Choice and Accountability, we got them both approved.

They've been -- for many, many decades people were trying to get them approved and they said it's not doable. I got them both done. We've appointed a record number of federal judges. By the end of the year, we think we're going to be up to 300 or close to 300 federal judges, which is impossible for people to even imagine.

That will be a tremendous record, including two great new Supreme Court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. So two Supreme Court justices, that's turning out to be a very big thing. Whoever the next President is, is going to be choosing one, two, three, maybe even four Supreme Court justices. And they'll make a tremendous difference whether it's the Second Amendment or Choice or any -- anything you can imagine.

They'll be making tremendous and important decisions on abortion. They'll be making tremendous decisions on guns, the Second Amendment. They'll be making decisions on a lot of different things and you'll have anywhere from one to four choices. That will be it. And if you don't get your viewpoint, it's perhaps the most important thing that we'll be talking about.

I've heard it over and over. I've always said defense and what we've done defensively and offensively, frankly, in terms of our military. But very, very important that will be the choice of judges and choice of justices for the Supreme Court. We passed the largest package of tax cuts and reform in American history, saving the average family more than $3,000 a year, including regulation cuts, which are the most cuts in regulations in the history of our country.

More than any other president, whether it's four years, eight years, or in one case, more than eight years. And I'm also fighting for school choice and we believe that every parent in America should be empowered to send their child to a public-private charter, religious, or an independent school of their choice.

And one thing that we have been doing and you know the pressure we've been under. We've saved your Second Amendment and we got rid of the U.S. Waters Act. If you look at that was a disgraceful situation where your land was being taken away, your job, your life was being taken away and we got rid of that.

We had many people up in my office when I signed and there was a lot of emotion because that was -- really it took your life away. So not everybody knows what that means, but the ones that were affected, including the jobs frankly. The ones that were affected really knew. The economy, America's security, and our American way of life are going to be challenged by Biden.

And I don't even think it's Biden. I don't think Biden knows what's happening, frankly. But the people surrounding him are vicious and they want our country changed. And you see that in Portland, where we're spending a lot of -- a lot of time over the last few days, a lot. You'll see what's happening. Just turn on your television, you'll see what's happening.

Running away with it but this is -- they'd like to see this everywhere. And that's not even about drugs, which in many cases, a lot of the city's problems are drugs. That's about -- these are anarchists and agitators. These are bad -- that's a bad group of people, Antifa, and we are in there and we're fighting very strongly.

And we're up against radical-left politicians that would rather let these people take over their cities and we're just not allowing it to happen. But if you look, Biden, he was for NAFTA, TPP, which would have been a disaster for our businesses, especially automotive, the KORUS that's Korea was a disaster, I totally renegotiated.

China's entry into the World Trade Organization, another one approved, voted for by Biden. He voted for the war in Iraq, which was a disaster. We're just about out of Iraq, very close, very few trips, and he voted for mass amnesty. And if you look at mass amnesty, you see exactly what you're getting. Now, Biden supports raising your taxes.

He wants massive tax increases. All my life, I grew up and I said, hey, politicians they want to lower your taxes, not this group. They want massive tax increases. They want to pack your courts with the radical far-left judges. That's what we just talked about. You'll have justices and judges literally packed in your courts, totally changing our country, totally changing our way of life, and they are indoctrinating our children to hate America.

You'll see -- you'll see that and we're not going to fund schools where they have this kind of hate and they preach this kind of hate. And the other thing is, they want open borders. They want open borders going right into Arizona and going right into other states where people walk right across -- right across that line.

Well, we're setting records right now at the border and I want to thank Mexico. Mexico's been great. You know it very well, 27,000 soldiers of Mexico, free. They're guarding our border and that had to do with trade and trade deal. But 27,000 Mexican soldiers are guarding our border. Very few people are coming in. We're setting records.

So between saving your Second Amendment and doing so many other things, and your Second Amendment has been under siege from the first day I got into office. And anybody -- if one of these radical-left people get in and I look forward to seeing who he chooses as a VP because one of these radical lefts, your Second Amendment is gone.

So I just want to tell you some of the key elements of the Biden-Sanders. He made a deal with Bernie Sanders, which is absolutely ridiculous, and just some of these deals for Arizona, but for any of our states are death defying. It's just crazy. The key elements of the Biden-Sanders Unity platform, abolish borders, abolish immigration detention.

Think of that. If I get somebody, no detention. Stop all deportations even for criminals, end prosecution of illegal border crossers. So we can't -- so we catch somebody walking through Arizona, walking right into our country, which of course, now is very hard because we have a very powerful wall, but end prosecution of illegal borders.

By the way, I understand he wants to take down the wall. We're spending a lot of money building the finest of its kind and he wants to -- Biden wants to rip it down. That's what I heard, you know. It's not him, it's his handlers. Support sanctuary cities. They support sanctuary cities, which is basically supporting criminals and that's disgraceful and it's not popular anywhere, including in California.

Incentivize illegal alien, child smuggling, and women smuggling. They're incentivized by what these people are doing, expand asylum for all new illegal aliens. So they want to have more aliens come in, which is not what you want. They want to have taxpayer-funded lawyers at the highest level possible for illegal aliens.

So on top of everything else, everyone's going to have their own lawyer. Abolish immigration enforcement against illegal workers, grant work permits for illegal aliens, and would -- with very little, if any restrictions. They want to provide taxpayer subsidies and welfare for illegal aliens and new immigrants, government healthcare for illegal aliens.

Think of this. Everybody's going to want to come here. I mean, part of it is that everybody is going to want to come to this country, to our great country. It won't be a great country for long if they're elected. Federal student aid and free community college for illegal aliens, that's nice. That's more than we do for our own students.

They want to sign new immigrants up for welfare immediately and maximize all welfare payments. They want to massively expand immigration during a global pandemic. Think of that. Maximize and massively expand immigration during this global pandemic, taking jobs from unemployed Americans, end all travel bans, including those from jihadist regions.

As you know, I won the travel ban, won that in the Supreme Court. So we have a travel ban so we don't have to take people from countries that are not so good for us, OK? Grant mass amnesty -- mass amnesty to be granted. They want to increase refugee admission 700%, by 700%, abolish law enforcement as we know it, end cash bail, releasing dangerous criminals onto the streets, abolish the death penalty, appoint Social Justice prosecutors to free violent criminals, get rid of many of our police, and have -- it's just -- you just look.

I'm just looking at a list that's been put in front of me. This is a long agreement that Bernie Sanders made with Biden. Seek prison closures, end solitary confinement, free federal housing for former inmates, and then, they want to abolish energy, rejoin the Paris Climate Accord. I got us out because it was a rip-off.

We would have paid trillions of dollars. It was good for China. It was good for India. It was good for Russia. It was bad for the U.S. I don't know who negotiated but they didn't do a good job. They did just as bad as they did with Iran with that deal where we paid them $150 billion to do a terrible, terrible deal.

And gave them by the way, $1.8 billion in cash. Somebody will explain that someday. They want to mandate net-zero carbon emissions for homes, offices, and all new buildings by -- well, within a very short period of time. Now, I tell you that'll make your home unaffordable. Your electric will go up by 4 times to 5 times if that.

It'll be maybe more. They want to mandate zero-carbon emissions from power plants and mandate zero-carbon emissions period, which will make it impossible to have any form, in my opinion of energy. You couldn't even make what they want to do because the carbon emissions from the making of a windmill are so massive that you end up saving nothing.

Abolish school choice, end school choice, abolish -- they want to abolish all school choice, end it. They Want to abolish charter schools. This is just never-ending. And just finally, they want to abolish educational standards and abolish what will be a -- the equivalent of abolishing or hurting very badly the suburbs.

They want to enforce Obama-Biden's radical AFFH regulation that threatens to strip localities of federal affordable housing funds unless they change the zoning laws to fit the federal government's demands. So the AFFH is a disaster. It's been a disaster. It's ruining the suburbs, it's destroying the suburbs, it's bringing down values of houses, and it's bringing up crime and I will be telling you.

I think maybe, for just about the first time that I'm eliminating the AFFH. People are surprised to hear that but we're eliminating. When people work so hard to live in a certain community, we shouldn't be destroying that community. And everybody, they've worked hard, all. Race, color, creed, they want to be in a neighborhood, then all of a sudden, the government comes on. They want to destroy everything that they've built.

So I'm going to be eliminating the AFFH and you're going to be seeing that over the next two weeks. So we had the greatest economy in history. We had the best job numbers. We had the best of everything, best stock market, best 401ks, and you're 401ks right now are just about back to where they were before.

And if this other group gets in there, it's a single biggest difference in history between two candidates, two parties. If the other group gets in there, you're 401ks they're going maybe to nothing because we're going to go into a tailspin like you've never seen before. Again, they want to raise your taxes.

They want to do things that are not even thinkable. And I just want to say to the great people of Arizona State that's been backing me from the beginning and I appreciate it. I have tremendous relationships in that state. I just want to say that you really -- you have to go along with us because we are going to make Arizona even better.

You had the best three years you've ever had in the history of your state and you're having a good year now. You're going to have a very good year next year. I think you'll have the best year ever next year. But what we've done to the border and what we've done to everything that you need, you've really gotten.

And you're going to have something that's going to be very, very special. So I just want to thank all of the people. We got a lot of people on the line, I understand. Like, big numbers. I just want to thank all of the people on the line and those from Arizona in particular, we covered a lot of territory.

But what we've done for Arizona is something that nobody else would have been able to do. We've done more in three and a half years than any other administration in history, no administration between the tax cuts and regulation cuts and rebuilding our military, and all of the different things that we've enumerated, and we're going to do a lot more, we're going to do a lot more.

And we have to protect what we've done because as we've done them, they can take them out, whether it's Second Amendment or other things, they can destroy it very quickly. So I want to thank everybody for being on the line. It's a great honor to be talking to you. I'd love to be there for a rally. We loved our rallies in Arizona and every place else.

And until the COVID it is gone, it's a little bit tough. And frankly, some of the Democrat Governors make it impossible to do a rally anyway. They're saying you can't do political rallies and that's nice. But frankly, it's -- it's fine. So we're doing the tele-town halls or tele-rallies and we are getting very big crowds.

Thank you all. We're going to do a fantastic job for Arizona, and we will see you soon. We'll be out there as soon as we can. Thank you very much. Goodbye.