Well, thank you very much, everybody. I very much appreciate you being here. Thank you. And we -- we love this state. It's been a great state for me, and it's been a great state for everybody in this room, I can tell you, Governor, right? And we're here to help.

We're joined today by Governor Greg Abbott, a very special man. And he's doing a fantastic job for the state of Texas, and he has from day one.

And Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, another friend of mine. And thank you, Dan. And I watched you the other night on a very important show, and you did incredibly well representing the state.

And State Attorney General Ken Paxton, where he's a very aggressive attorney general, and that's what we like. And you have got some very big ones, including the mail-in ballots, right? "Unsolicited," I call them. The "unsolicited" mail-in ballots, where people are sitting home and they just get hit with mail-in ballots all over the place.

Well, I hope you're going to be successful. I think it's actually a very important case, not only here but for the whole country. So I know you're -- you're really on top. I think we have about 18 of those cases throughout the country. In Pennsylvania, we have, and North Carolina. We have a lot of them, so we'll see.

But you're one of the great leaders. Thank you very much, Ken. I appreciate it.

A man who's really been there when we need him, and he's -- he's been incredible for Texas and he's been my friend: Ted Cruz. Thank you.

Thank you very much, Ted. We spent a lot of time before, and we're working on getting Texas everything they need. And we'll bring it back.

Congressman Brian Babin. Brian, thank you very much. A warrior and a really terrific guy.

And Randy -- where's Randy? Randy, thank you. Randy Weber, congressman. Thank you very much.

And we have a couple of people who have been friends of mine, and I won't mention too much, but they got a little shot of COVID. And I understand they're going to be perfect; they're going to be absolutely fine.

I want to say hello to Becky Ames. Becky, thank you very much. Beaumont -- you're doing good, right? Everything okay?

Were you hit hard?

Yeah, it could've been a lot harder.

That's great.

Well, thank you very much, Becky. I hear you're doing a great job.

And again, we were talking before about the path and the path -- it could have been much more, because the power was incredible. Louisiana took a very, very hard hit, but even Louisiana, who was over just a little bit further, it would have been a record-setting hit because the power was record setting. It was at 185 and 175; it went to 150 -- 150 miles an hour when it hit. But it was even worse than that, and it came quickly. It came very quickly. It came -- in fact, I guess you would say, Pete, they were looking at that as a storm, and all of a sudden, the storm became a monster.

Yeah. It went from a storm to 185 and 175 miles an hour. And then, when it hit, it was -- and I think they say it was the most -- the strongest that they've had in Louisiana and Texas in 150 years. But the path was a little bit lucky, so we got a little bit lucky, so that's great.

I want to also introduce Chad Wolf, who, as you know, we just took the "acting" away from his name. And you're doing a fantastic job -- Homeland Security. And hopefully, Ted, we'll be pushing that very hard, and we'll get him through quickly because he's done a fantastic job.

Thank you very much, Chad.

He'll -- he'll do it, all right?

Good. If he says it, that means it's a good sign.  That's a good sign.

And FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor, who's been doing this with me for a long time, and we haven't had a loss yet. We haven't had a loser. I'll tell you, we do it good and we do it fast, and we get you back up.

And everything, I think, Governor, has been signed and you're ready to go? Right?

You're ready to go. I will dispense with all of the different numbers; you know what they are. We just sort of did it. We were in Louisiana and we went through, and they have been hit hard. They -- we went through a couple of areas. I have never seen anything quite like it. You had trees ripped out from the roots. You had pine trees that were broken in half, not even from -- and you just don't see that kind of power.

So we went through something that was pretty, pretty bad. I don't think you got anything like that, and that's good. So we took the emergency declaration. We gave it to the Governor immediately. And Dan called about it also, and I appreciate that call. And between the two of them, that's a great one-two punch. The Governor told me that himself, so I appreciate it.

And FEMA has delivered 400,000 liters of water and 250,000 meals already. We've worked with the private sector to restore power to remaining 200,000 residents, and they think the power is going to be restored almost -- in very good order, I believe.

Yeah. I believe so.

And all of the other things that we've been doing -- the infrastructure, all of the elements that we've been working on. And we're working very close with Ted Cruz and with John Cornyn, who I hear is doing very well, by the way. I hear he's doing -- he's a great senator. He's doing a fantastic job. And -- and we've been working with the Governor and with Dan, and I think maybe it'd be good if you would tell us how are we doing and what can we do and how can we help you, Governor.

Well, thank you very much, Governor. You're doing a great job in every way. In fact, I notice your COVID -- you say "COVID-19." Many different names. At least 20 different names, right? But you call it "COVID-19." That's okay with me, at least for today.  Generally, I call it something else.

But you're doing very well in that. You're coming down very rapidly -- Texas -- and so is Florida and so is -- Arizona has been incredible; it's down to its lowest numbers. So it's really -- it's really doing well. So, that's part of this.

And I like what you're doing with respect to keeping people separated during this problem with the hurricane. Great job.

Really great job. Thank you very much.

Thanks, Greg.

Ted, please.

That's right.

Yeah. Great job. Thank you very much.

Dan, please.

Well, I knew -- I knew he was going to be up, so -- . With him, I don't have to worry about that.

No, I know. I know. I see the records.

That's great.

That's great .

That's great.

Good job, Judge.

Thank you very much, Dan. I appreciate it. Ken? Please.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Brian?

That's right.

Thank you very much, Brian.

Appreciate it.

And say hello to the mayor. He'll be fine; I know it. Just tell him to get well.

You checking him out, right?  He's very good.

He knows more.

That's great. He's doing a great job. Thank you very much. Thank you, Brian.

Randy? Please.

Thank you, Randy, very much. You're doing a great job.

Chief? Please.

Okay, thank you very much. A very important state; a great state. And we're going to take care of the people of Texas. That's all there is to it.

Becky, please.

Well, thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

You're doing a great job. Thank you, Becky, very much.

Judge, I want to thank you very much. I hear just the job you do is incredible. And I can see the passion you have for it. It's really great. We appreciate it.

How is that going?

Do you think it'll work? Because I love the Army Corps.

They happen to be building our wall, just so you know.  They're doing a very good job. Ten miles a day. We're up to 300 miles. It's going good.

How is that working?

No, the wall I know. The wall is good.  The levee.

Call it the levee.

So that'll stop the water from pouring in?

What is your timing on that?

What do you think the cost will be of the entire project?

Is that part of the original approval -- Houston?

Good. Okay, good.

You know, the Governor, Ted, called me. He said, "Would you do me a favor? Just one more favor. That's all I want. It's very small." I said, "How much, Governor?"  He said, "It's not much. Ten billion dollars." I said, "Ten billion dollars?" But he said that would really do something with respect to this tremendous flooding every time you have a hurricane.

And so your phase one -- really, phase one is what we're talking about, but you could do something, and that'll also take care of the Houston area.

Good. Yeah.

And it will work, right?

We're not going to build it and we're going to say, "Oops, it sprung a leak," and that's the end of that. It's a big -- it's a big project, but it will work, right?

Okay. If you guys do it, it's going to work.

From law enforcement down on the other side, and you've done a fantastic job, do you have anything to say?

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Greg, do you want to finish it off?

It's my honor. Thank you very much.

Do you have any questions for the Governor or the Senator or anybody? Anybody have any questions?

Okay. Anybody else?

Probably so. We've had tremendous success, as you know. We were finally able to get the go-ahead from the local authorities to send in the National Guard. We sent in the National Guard, and within a few minutes of the Guard, everybody cleared out, and it became safe. We have -- that was three days ago. We've had absolutely no problem.

We sent in 1,000 National Guard, and that's not even a big force. We could clean out -- as an example, Portland: We could fix Portland in, I would say, 45 minutes. And the people in Portland should protest because the mayor doesn't know what he's doing. He has no clue. He doesn't even have a clue. And this has been going on for years in Portland, and it's now been going on 94 days.

And if he would call or if they would ask, or if the governor would ask, we would have -- we would have the National Guard in there in a very short period of time, and that would be cleaned out in a matter of literally minutes, and you'd have a safe Portland. It's ridiculous that they go on like this.

So, with Kenosha, it's been in very, very good shape from the moment they set foot in that area. The sheriff has been great. The police commissioner, the police chief has been great. We've been working with all of them. But the governor let us do what we had to do, and we cleaned it out, and we'll see what happens. We have to keep it going. But it's -- we won't have any problem.

I didn't like it, no.

Yeah, I see it.

Yeah.

Well, you know, that's under investigation right now, and they'll be reporting back to me over the next 24 hours, 48 hours maybe, max. And we'll have a comment about it.

But that is -- right now, we're being -- we're looking at it very, very carefully. What we are doing with -- it's a great state, Wisconsin. Great state. And they should not have to put up with what they went through. And so the National Guard has done a fantastic job.

Any other questions?

Well, I could have Mark answer that question. Mark? Please.

Director Ratcliffe brought information into the committee, and the information leaked. Whether it was Shifty Schiff or somebody else, they leak the information before it gets in. And what's even worse: They leak the wrong information.

And he got tired of it. So he wants to do it in a different form, because you have leakers on the committee -- obviously, leakers that are doing bad things. Probably not even legal to leak. But we'll look into that separately. But they were leaking the information as brought in.

How would you -- you don't have that in Texas. Ken, you wouldn't allow that in Texas.

I guarantee Ken will not be allowing the leakers to be doing that.

So we were -- he wanted to make sure that it doesn't leak.

Yeah, please.

Well, I tell you, you've had tremendous storms in Texas for many decades and for many centuries, and that's the way it is. We handle them as they come. All I can do is handle them as they come, and that's what we do, and nobody has ever done a better job of it.

And we love the people of Texas. And, Governor, it's an honor to be with you. Thank you very much. Ted, thank you very much. Great job. Thank you, Dan. Please.

Thank you very much, everybody.