Well, thank you very much. We're meeting with the top executives of the health insurance companies, the biggest companies in our country -- probably the biggest companies in our country, probably the biggest companies in the world. I can't imagine being much bigger. But these are the great -- the great health insurance companies.

And I think tremendous progress is being made. They're willing to do things for the people and their customers and probably, in a true sense, beyond their customers that normally I don't think they'd be doing. And so I want to thank them, and I'll ask Vice President Pence to maybe give us a little update as to where we are.

It's true. Very true. And we are working very closely with the cruise line industry and -- very, very closely. They're taking very strong steps in terms of people going on and going off. But they're spending a lot of money and they are working very hard. And we're work -- we're going to be helping that industry.

Likewise, with the airline industry, they're taking very, very strong steps for people coming into our country, even getting off the planes. So we are working very closely with them. We're helping them. They're two great industries, and we'll be helping them through this patch. And, so far, I think it's been going very well.

You know all about the big ship that came in yesterday. And that's going along incredibly well. We're working with the state of California successfully -- very successfully -- and also with Canada and with the UK. So, the UK is taking their people, their citizens back, and Canada is about 600 people; they're coming back.

They're being met and brought to planes and being brought very, very -- in a very, very dignified fashion back into Canada. So we appreciate all of the help we've had in that. And that's working out very well. With that, I might just ask a couple of folks, if you'd like to make a statement on behalf of the industry, perhaps we'll -- would you like to make a statement on behalf of the industry?

Thank you, Gail.

Great job you're doing. Thank you very much. Anybody else? Would anybody else like to make a statement? Even the ones over here. You're going to turn your head?  Look at those cameras.

Yes.

Right.

Very good. Thank you very much. Please.

That's great. Thank you. Thank you all.

Please.

Right.

And a lot of people now are taking advantage of that -- really, strong advantage. Who else would you suggest?

Dave? Please.

Right. Okay, thank you. And, Governor? Pete Ricketts. Nebraska, everybody. Nice to see you, by the way.

Thank you.

Right. Great. Thanks. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.

Yeah.

I am. About 12:30.