Hello everybody, thank you very much. Thank you very much, and nice to meet you all. We have a great group of people. And I understand they'll be endorsing me. And uh, I like great endorsements. We have some really great endorsements. We've had some great newspaper endorsements over the last three days.

So maybe I could just introduce, Nevada Trucking Association, the Retail Association of Nevada, that's a big deal, Associated Builders and Contractors, big stuff, and the StartUpNevada. That's a very good one, Lisa, well thank you very much. I really appreciate it. So maybe you could say a few words and we'll talk, and appreciate it very much.

Right.

Right.

I love what you just said, human trafficking. That's great. Thank you very much.

Appreciate it. Please.

And we're looking at that, both of those, so we are looking at it very seriously.

Yes.

Good.

Yep.

Thank you very much.

That's really nice. I appreciate it very much.

Thank you.

Mm-hmm

That's really nice. I appreciate it very much. Thank you.

Thank you Lisa.

Very much. So nice. I appreciate it. Anybody else? Anybody? You're together, a couple of doubles. That's good.

Well, you've been well represented if that's the case. So I want to thank everybody, we're heading to Arizona. We have uh, a couple of very big ones in a little while, very big ones. We have -- They've all been big. I think you've seen it. You've been witness to it. I don't think anybody's ever seen anything like this in the history of our country, politically.

Uh, this tremendous support. Uh, poll numbers are very good, you don't see the real poll numbers. We have poll numbers in Wisconsin where we're up one. And yet I see ABC comes out, ABC Washington Post. Of course, they had us 12 down last time. Of course, right before the end, I think they were at even. But they had us 12 down about two weeks before.

And uh, we ended up winning. So, you know, one of those things. But they came out with one, down 17. And we have one where we're plus one. And most of them have us pretty even in Wisconsin. So uh, they uh, are just suppression polls. It's a shame they can get away with it. Uh, it's almost, if you think about it, it's almost like a campaign contribution to the DNC.

The good news is, our people understand it, they understand it very well, they went through it four years ago. And it was actually worse four years ago, if you think about it. But they went through it. We're really up in uh, almost all of the states that we're talking about, most of the states. Uh, we're up, even, or very close.

Uh, doing fantastically in Florida, doing fantastically in North Carolina. Uh, we have a Michigan poll that just came out. We're two up in Michigan. Uh, we have a very good Wisconsin poll that just came out. Uh, we're one up. Uh, Rasmussen has us at 53. Uh, 52 yesterday. 53. Uh, and head to head nationally, we're up in a Rasmussen poll, and Rasmussen was one of the most accurate four years ago.

So we tend to look at the ones that were accurate four years ago. Uh, Pennsylvania, we think we're going to do fantastically there, there's tremendous energy. And we've never seen enthusiasm like this. And I think the honest reporters will say, in the history of doing what you're doing, uh, I don't think anybody's ever seen enthusiasm like this.

Uh, voters are going to vote early, but they're really going to vote on Tuesday. They want to wait 'til Tuesday. That's what the tradition has been. Uh, at least the tradition with me, it happened last time too. And I'm calling it a great red wave, and I think you're going to see something that's going to be uh, amazing.

Some will vote a little bit earlier, but they do want to vote, they want to go to the polling booth and vote for the most part. Uh, the, uh, early ballots, we're doing r -- r -- much better than anticipated. We assumed a certain number. Uh, I think they are underperforming. And I think on Tuesday, we're going to overperform.

And we'll see what happens at the end of the day, hopefully it won't go longer than that. Hopefully, uh, the few states remaining that want to take a lot of time after November 3rd to count ballots, that won't be allowed by, uh, the various courts. Because as you know, we're in courts on that. We just had a big victory yesterday in Wisconsin on that matter.

So, hopefully that won't be happening, okay? Uh, we're heading out now to a great state, Arizona.

It's a terrible thing, uh, what uh, what I'm witnessing is terrible. And frankly, that the uh, the m --

-- mayor or whoever it is that's allowing people to, uh, riot and loot, and not stop them is also just a horrible thing. Uh, I saw the event. Everybody did. It was on television. It was a terrible event. Uh, I guess that's being looked at very strongly. We have federal -- The federal government is looking at it also.

But the rioting in Philadelphia -- You have to stop it. They have to stop it. It's a, uh, it's a local thing as you know. We're not -- We, we don't send, unless we're asked -- If they ask, if they ask for help we'll be there very quickly. But they should bring in their National Guard, if the police need help.

And they should do something. You can't let that go on. Again, a Democrat run state. A Democrat run city, Philadelphia. We don't have that. We don't have it. The Republicans don't have it. And you'll have more and more of that. And you're going to have it, and you're going to have it strongly. You gotta -- You can't let that happen.

We're looking at the shooting, yes. We're looking at the shooting. And if asked to go in to help, we will do that. We have to be asked, as you know, by the governor. Uh, they should be able to handle it themselves. The police -- I know the police very well in Philadelphia. I think they gave me an endorsement.

And, uh, they're not allowed -- They were told, I understand to, "stand back." To stand back. Don't do anything. And, people are breaking into stores and walking out with washing machines, and walking out with all sorts of things, and it shouldn't be allowed. That's no way to do it. You gotta have law and order.

You've got to have respect for our police. They -- The police were told to stand back. Now maybe that's not so, but that's what I was told upon very good authority. You can't allow that to happen. Uh, we're watching it very closely. And were waiting for a call. If they want help, we're there. We'll be in there within one hour.

We're ready to go within one hour. Yeah, please.

Yeah, uh, sure. Sure. The former Vice President has been doing this for 47 years. He's been doing it badly. This is a group that he supports. He doesn't want to condemn them. I saw that. He doesn't want to condemn them. You have to condemn. You have to be strong. You can't have chaos like that. And he'll be very very weak.

He hasn't gotten, to the best of my knowledge any endorsements -- Or certainly, if he has it's very few. I've gotten almost every law enforcement endorsement in the nation. Texas, Florida, Louisiana, uh, Oklahoma, Ohio, almost every one in the nation. I think we might've even gotten Pennsylvania, which is great.

But they have to, they have to be able to do something about it. The problem with Joe, Joe's all talk and no action. You gotta have some action. You can't let that happen. I went to school in that city. I loved the City of Philadelphia. You can't let that happen to a wonderful place like Philadelphia. You can't let it happen.

Well, I'm going to see you in Arizona. Thank you very much everybody.