These are my friends, these are the incredible workers that helped us so much with the COVID. We can call it many different things from China virus, I don't want to go through all the names because some people may get insulted, but that's the way it is. These are great, great people, doctors, nurses, firemen, policemen.

We want to thank you all. You have been incredible and we want to thank you, and all of the millions of people that you represent. Thank you all very much. Great job. Thank you. Thank you all very much. So tell me a little about your stories. How about we'll start with you.

Good and we're taking good care of our postal workers.

That I can tell you, believe me. We're not getting rid of our postal workers you know. They'd like to sort of put that out there. If anyone does, it's the Democrats not the Republicans. I want to thank you very much and thank everybody in that whole beautiful post office system. We appreciate it. How about you?

Good.

Right.

Oh, wow. That's fantastic. Well, congratulations. I love the truckers you know. They're on my side.

I think all of them, frankly. I think pretty much all of them. How about you?

What do you do exactly?

Can I tell you that -- that world, that profession will never be out of business. You know that, right?

Thank you very much for being here. Thank you. And how about you?

Right.

Very good.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Well, I'm for the nurses and for the doctors, I'm for everybody. We just have to make this China virus go away and it's happening. Please, go ahead.

Sure.

Right.

I appreciate what you said because we have delivered billions of dollars of equipment that Governors were supposed to give, and in many cases, they didn't get. So the federal government had to help them and all of the people that did this incredible work, they never got credit for it, but you understand where it came from.

Thank you very much. Thank you, both. It's really nice. Please, go ahead.

That means we don't have to be afraid of you at all, right?

Once you're recovered, you know, we have the whole thing with plasma happening.

That means your blood is very valuable. You know that, right? Thank you very much. Great. Please.

Great.

How long was your problem?

Did they do anything specifically to help you recover?

OK. And I won't even ask you about the Hydroxychloroquine because they said it's a shame what they've done to that one, but I took it. I took the Z-Pack also and zinc. I want to thank you all very much.

It's an honor to have you in the White House. You're fantastic people and the people you represent, you represent an incredible group of people and we love you all. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.