Well, thank you very much. And welcome to Dan O'Day, CEO of Gilead. You know what that is because it's been in the news and the company has been in the news, and it's a great American company that's done incredible work on HIV and hepatitis C. And I hear that -- that's what's happening with hepatitis is the great -- a great medical story. Really, a great medical story. I've been hearing about that. It's fantastic, Dan.

I'm pleased to announce that Gilead now has an EUA from the FDA for remdesivir. And you know what that is because that's been the hot thing also in the papers and in the media for the last little while. An important treatment for hospitalized coronavirus patients. And it's something -- I spoke with Dr. Hahn and Dr. Fauci; I spoke with Deborah about it. And it's -- it's really a very promising situation.

We've been doing work with the teams at the FDA, NIH, and Gilead for spearheading this public-private partnership to make this happen very quickly.

So, today, we're going to be -- and I'm going to let Dan do it -- but we're going to let Dan make a statement as to what the company is doing, making a contribution to, really, people that are not doing well, people that are sick, people that have this horrible plague that's set into our country and that we're getting rid of. And we're going to be -- we're going to be having some really incredible results.

We have very promising studies coming out on the vaccines. We have promising studies coming out on therapeutics. And the first one is from Dan and Gilead. And I'd like to maybe have you say a few words, if you would, Dan, as to, number one, about remdesivir, to start off with, and also the contribution being made by your company. And we very much appreciate it.

Dan, I really appreciate it. But I also noticed the incredible job you've done with HIV, which I -- you know, I remember so well -- 15 years ago, 16 years ago. It was a horrible thing. And I lived in New York. I lost a lot of friends through HIV. It was terrible. And also hepatitis C.

Yes.

Right.

And with hepatitis C, it's an actual cure. It's more than just keeping it down.

It's an actual cure.

Is that a more complex problem?

And where would you put corona in that level of complexity?

That's very exciting.

Well, it's very exciting. And just so you know: So Dan is making, and the company, a very major contribution towards helping people. So we very much appreciate that. I mean, I'm talking about a monetary contribution, as well as, more importantly, what you're doing scientifically. So we appreciate it very much.

Doctor, would you say a few words? The FDA has been moving things along at a level that they have never done before. And I appreciate it, Dr. Hahn.

Well, thank you. And, you know, Dr. Hahn left one of the most important jobs in medicine, as you know --

-- to take the FDA. And we're glad he did.

He was at a very important job and a tremendous reputation. But to take this job and -- you're doing great. So we're really proud of you.

Thank you very much.

Deborah? Please?

Thank you very much, Deborah. And, you know, while we're here and we have the media, I'd like to just maybe have Alex discuss it for a second.

We will be AIDS-free as a country. And I used to say, two years ago, "Ten years." And now we're down to eight years, and maybe even sooner than that, working with Gilead and other companies and working with the great people that we're dealing with medically in our country.

And maybe you could say something about that, Alex --

-- because nobody knows you could even do that. But we're looking to be AIDS-free within the United States within eight years. We started it -- frankly, it could have been started in the previous administration, and they decided not to and I decided to do it.

So, please, Alex.

My first year in office, I was being briefed, and they told me that this is a possibility, if we wanted to do it. I said, "Who wouldn't want to do this?" And everything is a lot of money, but this is small money compared to what we're talking about. And I'm somebody from New York who lost a lot of friends to AIDS, a tremendous number of friends. Some of the most talented people that I knew I lost to AIDS. And it's incredible.

Do you have anything to add to what -- because you are -- I mean, you're the real expert on AIDS and the eradication. Anything to add about eradication in our country?

And what do you think of the timing? Is -- am I right when I say about eight years?

How is that coming?

Tough work.

Good. That'd be terrific. Mike? Please.

Thank you, Mike.

And, Adam, maybe you could say a few words. You were very instrumental in getting this done, and also on ventilators, getting us to be the kings and queens of ventilators. We have a lot of ventilators, and we're helping countries all over the world now with ventilators, starting with almost none from the past. What do you have to say?

So that would mean that you're -- you were so confident in what you were doing early on that you were able to project it in advance?

That's great.

And how many doses are we getting, from the standpoint of the country and the contribution?

Ah, I see. Good.

That's great.

That's a great -- that's a great start.

That's a great story. Thank you very much, Dan.

Thank Gilead very much.  That's fantastic.

We'll be seeing you all in a little while. Thank you very much. Thank you.