Thank you.

Thank you, Tony.

Good.

Good. Thank you.

Thank you, Francis.

Good.

Good.

Wow. That's great.

I agree.

Thank you. Thank you, Francis. Thank you very much.

That's fantastic. That's great.

Right.

Thank you, John.

Good.

Right. Right.

Right. Wow.

Well, I want to thank you all. This is incredible. And I've heard about you, and I know all of you by name, and now I get to meet you. unfortunately, I get to meet you, because we're talking about this. But we've made tremendous progress. I know you're dealing with other nations to help them out because they really -- they got hit, some of them very badly.

And we're talking to them also. And we're making decisions as to whether or not we're allowed to travel -- they're allowed to travel. They've been -- we've been pretty severe on those restrictions, but I guess we did the right thing by being severe. NIH is the home of -- I mean, I see so many different factors, and it's true -- the greatest doctors.

I've heard that for so long. I heard that from my uncle, Dr. John Trump. He -- big fan of what you've done and how it started. And it's really been an incredible situation. But the scientists and researchers all over the world, they say this is the best there is. And I think the world is extremely happy that you're involved.

And, Tony, your reputation is second to none. I think we all agree with that. You have to agree with that, John, right? I mean, you have no choice.

But the fact is, it is -- in this case, it's true. And we're very lucky to have you. I will say that the Vice President is over on the Hill. He's just leaving now, and I told him to stay there and finish it up. But we're doing very well in terms of getting the funding we need, the necessary funding. And I asked for X, and they want to give us more than X. And that's okay, as far as I'm concerned.

In this case, Francis, that's unusual, but that's okay. But I just want to thank everybody at NIH and all of the great scientists and doctors and everything. I know you're working around the clock. I know you've made some great finds already, and that's -- really, it makes us feel very good. We had some good meetings yesterday with the companies that -- I guess you ultimately would go to the companies?

You'd have to go to the companies. So we had Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson and some of the other great companies, and they were very positive as what -- as to the outcome. And therapeutics were a very big thing, because I guess therapeutics can happen faster than the actual vaccine. And certainly the result can happen a lot faster.

So we're looking for some good answers. But I just want to thank you very much, Tony. And we really appreciate it. And, John, thank you. Thank you very much. Fantastic job. Thank you very much.

And, you, I don't have to shake hands with.  I see him every -- I see him every day, so I don't have to bother. So thank you all very much. Great job. Appreciate it.

Well, I haven't been asked to. But I think we're making decisions on certain parts of those countries, as you know. We've already made a decision on parts of Italy. And Japan -- it's very unfortunate because I've seen the incredible job they did on the Olympics. As you know, they're building a facility; it's really finished.

It's beautiful. It's finished right on time -- as usual, with the Japanese. The Prime Minister, a very good friend of mine. And -- Prime Minister Abe. And so I don't know what they're going to do. They have this magnificent facility, and I don't know what they're going to do, but they'll make the right decision, I know that.

But, yes, if it was necessary, I would do it. Yes.

Well, we're looking at different areas, and we'll make that decision with these professionals. We made an early decision based on a little bit of luck, I suspect, but that was the original decision on China itself. And China, in all fairness to them, they never blamed us. It was, you know, a tough decision for them, but they fully understood.

They were very reasonable about it. But that was a hard decision to make. But I guess we would have had a lot more people with difficulty if we didn't make that decision very early on. But we'll be making additional decisions as they arise, I guess, Tony.

We're not looking at it very strongly. We're not seeing a lot of evidence in that area. We're closing it, I guess, automatically because we have a very strong border there now. We didn't have a strong border at all. We've built 129 miles of wall, and the wall area is 100 percent secure. But we haven't seen any great -- I don't think we've seen any great evidence of that area as a problem at this moment.

So we won't have to bother with that at this moment. Anybody? You're so nice today. I can't believe it.

It's the NIH. It rubbed off.

Say it?

Well, it's going to be a very interesting evening of television. I think it's really going to be something. It's -- they've got some races going on that didn't seem to exist a few days ago. And now Biden has come up a little bit. And I don't know what's happened with Bernie. I think they're trying to take it away from him.

I don't know if that's fair, but I guess it's politics when you get right down to it and what's fair. But I think it's going to be a very interesting evening of television. And because of the time difference -- California time difference -- it's going to go a little bit later than we're accustomed to, right?

And I will be watching -- who would I like to win? Anybody. I'll take anybody I have to. That's the way it's going to work. Doesn't matter.

No, I have -- I really just -- you know, we've done a great job. We have the strongest economy on Earth. We -- we've gone up and, you know -- as you know, China's economy has been hurt very badly, long before this. We've done a really good job, and I think people understand that. And I'm looking at polls that are very good.

But, you know, whoever it is, it is. We'll take them on. We have no choice, right? Anything else? Steve?

No, I have no reaction. Short-term missiles? No. No. None.

I don't want to say that. But we had a very good conversation with the leader of the Taliban today, and they're looking to get this ended, and we're looking to get it ended. I think we all have a very common interest. We'll find out about the country itself. But the country really has to get it ended. We've been there for 20 years.

Other presidents have tried and they have been unable to get any kind of an agreement. The relationship is very good that I have with the mullah. And we had a good, long conversation today. And, you know, they want to cease the violence. They'd like to cease violence also.

Well, they may be reluctant. You know, they've been -- they've done very well with the United States for many years, far beyond military, if you look at all the money that we've spent in Afghanistan. We've spent trillions of dollars. Trillions of dollars. And we're really a police force. We're really not fighting, per se. It's a fight that, if we had to, we'd win.

But I don't want to kill millions of people. We would win it fairly quickly, but I don't want to kill millions of people. I think it's crazy. And so we've been there -- we'll be very -- very soon, it'll be 20 years. And I said, right from the beginning, not easy to get out of these conflicts. Very complex in terms of all of the people you have to deal with, including, frankly, people in the Senate, people in the House.

And a lot of people feel differently about things. But I've been amazed at how positive the response is to getting out of Afghanistan and to moving on. And I really had a great conversation with him today. Yes?

I could ask you to answer that question.

I haven't seen that report. No.

I haven't seen it.

Well, we're going to look at the uninsured because they have a big problem. And we're going to look at the uninsured people that -- you know, this came -- it was a surprise to all of us. It just happened. It shows what can happen in life. But we're going to be looking at the uninsured and see if we can help them out.

Okay. Thank you all very much. Thank you.