Okay. Thank you very much. We are today signing the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act. It's a big deal and the people behind me have been so involved -- our senators, our congressmen. We're missing a few great senators because we're approving, I think, five judges today. And Marco Rubio was very much involved in this process and helped everybody very much and so I want to thank him.

But we're taking action to increase access to education and job opportunities in science, technology, engineering, math, and computer science for our amazing veterans and our military spouses, their military spouses. I'm grateful to be joined today by Secretary Robert Wilkie, and senators that are just fantastic people.

And they've worked for us so hard, and this is one of the many things they've been doing. They just came from a great vote for those judges -- some of the judges. There'll be five today. Senator Kevin Cramer of North Dakota -- thank you very much, Kevin. Senator John Hoeven of North Dakota. And they're going to be bringing their tremendous football team to the White House very shortly because they won the championship for their division, and it's a big deal.

And they've won it for a lot of years, right?

So what's going on in North Dakota that you won it so much?

They're winning so much they can't stand it anymore, right? No, but we look forward to seeing the team.

We did it last year and we look forward to it. We had LSU here. We'll have -- we're going to be having the Super Bowl Champion very soon. They're really looking forward. A great coach. Andy Reid is a great coach. And he's been a great coach, and now he's got that big one and that was an amazing game. But they'll be coming very shortly.

I want to thank Senator Jerry Moran, who is a friend of mine, who has been incredible in every way. And we really -- when I think of Jerry, we did a lot of work together, but the thing he did that -- I don't know if people even know it, Jerry -- but something that couldn't be done for 44 years, they say, and that's Veterans Choice.

So I want to thank you, Jerry. That was incredible. I mean, it really -- Jerry was so, so knowledgeable. Active, but knowledgeable. A lot of people are active; not a lot of people are knowledgeable. And they got Veterans Choice. And that's one of the reasons, I think, the VA is doing so well, because people don't have to wait around for six weeks to see a doctor.

They go out, they get the doctor, we pay the bill, and it works out incredibly well. It's been a tremendous success. Representative Brian Babin. Thank you very much, Brian.

Thank you, Brian. Thank you.

Michael Waltz. Thank you, Michael.

Thanks, Michael.

Great job. And you're going to say a few words, a couple of you, if you want. Andy Barr of Kentucky. Andy Barr, thank you very much. Hi, Andy. Good job today. I watched you at the hearing with our wonderful, high-interest man. He likes high interest rates, right? The Federal Reserve. He likes high interest rates.

Neal Dunn, thank you. Thank you, Neal.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Roger Marshall.

This is a good win. This is a really good -- and, B.J. Lawrence, I want to thank Veterans of Foreign Wars. Right?

Thank you very much. Here, let me have a hand there. Great job you're doing.

Lou Celli and the American Legion.

Thank you, Lou. Thank you, Lou, very much. And Nate Anderson, Concerned Veterans for America.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks. Good job. A young guy. Jared Lyon. We have a Derek Lyons. I said -- where is Derek Lyons? He's around here someplace, right?

But I said -- terrific lawyer. Look at him back there. They're off just with two letters, right? One on the first name; one on the second name. But Jared Lyon, thank you very much. Student Veterans of America.

Thank you very much. Great job.

Thank you. Mona Dexter, Hiring Our Heroes.

And that's a fantastic thing you do. Thank you, Mona. I hear it goes well. And Elizabeth O'Brien, and that's Hiring -- working along with, Mona -- Hiring our Heroes. So thank you.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it very much. Great job. So this has been long in the making. They've wanted to do this for a long time. The bill directs the National Science Foundation to work with other federal agencies to expand veteran eligibility for STEM-related programs and encourages veteran participation in these critical fields.

Incredible work and it's so good for our veterans. Our veterans are doing so well because of what we just spoke of with Jerry -- with Choice. It's amazing. And the other thing, Jerry, we can talk about is Accountability. I guess if you were going to, say, maybe rate them, Choice is probably number one, but Accountability something -- nobody thought it was possible to do that.

And now if people don't take care of our veterans, they can be dismissed; they can be terminated. And we had to work through civil service. We had to work through the unions. We had to work through a lot of things, but between you and Jerry and some of the people here, we got that done, too. So we have Accountability done.

And, I guess, you've let go -- how many -- Robert, how many?

Over 8,000 people that weren't taking care of our vets. And they've been replaced with people that love our vets and love our country. But we had some people that were terrible. We had sadistic people. We had people that stole. We had a lot of people and you couldn't get rid of them, and now you just say, "You're fired.

Get out." My first year in office, I signed legislation to encourage employers to hire American veterans who have risked their lives protecting us. The unemployment rate among veterans has reached a record low. Veteran homelessness has fallen by more than 5 percent. And totally and permanently disabled veterans have their federal student loan debt -- and you saw that we discharged their loan debt.

These are veterans that are very, very seriously disabled. And they go to war -- they have loan debt before they go, and then they have a horrible thing happen to them, and then you'd have people coming after them for the money. And I'll tell you what: That was a discharge of loan debt and I haven't heard one person say anything negative about it. And they leave -- I mean, in almost all cases, they leave and they're healthy.

They go to war, they come back, and they have problems. But they had gone to college or they had gone to school. And we discharged that debt, and it's been a very great thing to do. It's something that everybody wanted to do, and very few people fought us on that. The signing of this bill takes us one step closer to giving our veterans and their families the support that they so richly earned and deserve.

And I want to thank you and I want to thank the great people behind me, because it was really them more than anybody else. And we had a couple of people that we were having a hard time with. I was able to call a couple of people and we got their vote. But this was a tremendous thing that -- that we have.

And I'm going to ask a couple of people -- because this was just given to me by one of the folks. So, when the United States -- the market is setting a record. We set another record today. It will be the 144th time in a three-year period that I'm President. So, for 144 days, Kevin, we set a record stock market, which, to me, means 401(k) and it means jobs.

That's what it means to me. To other people, it means other things. But it means we have a great economy. And we have four trillion-dollar companies. One is Microsoft, one is Apple, one is Google, one is Amazon. So you have Amazon, Google, Apple, and Microsoft. And so, you have an M, you have an A, you have a G, and you have an A. You have "MAGA."

Who would think of that, John? Huh? Look at that, John. You better report that tonight on Fox -- that great Fox. Not what it used to be, John, but it's still pretty good. Not what -- not like the old days, John. They put more Democrats on Fox now than they put Republicans, but that's all right.

I think they get it.

We have big crowds. You've been great, John. So I think, maybe before we sign, I'd like to have a couple of the folks, if they'd like. And maybe we'll start with Robert, who's done a fantastic job at the VA.

You can talk a little bit about it.

And you've done a great job.

You know, a constant -- I shouldn't say this to these people, but you used to in the old days -- in all fairness, before Trump, but always for a little while until we got Choice and Accountability done -- every night, there'd be stories, these horror stories about the Vet- -- you know, the VA. And you'd have these horrible stories.

Now it's running so well, and I want to thank you for the great job you've done. You're not finished; you have a lot of plans.

I know that. Thank you very much.

Kevin, how about you?

And, you know, Kevin won a race that was unwinnable. The opponent he beat was unbeatable. They said the only man that might do it -- we discussed it, John --

-- is Kevin Cramer. And couldn't get him to do it. Finally, he decided to do it. His wife is an incredible woman. And he decided to do it. And I think you won by, like, 12 points or something, right?

He won by a lot.

Eleven? Well, that's not bad. That wasn't too bad. Anyway, well, great job and we appreciate it.

You've been fantastic. Really fantastic. John? Please.

And you're a great football state, too.

Thank you. Hey, Jerry, why don't you say something, and we'll finish off with the signing.

Thank you, Jerry. Will you be making some adjust- -- a little adjustments, one way or the other, to Veterans Choice? Do you see that happening over a period of time?

Fantastic job. Thank you, Jerry.

We appreciate it very much. Mike Pence? Please.

Thank you, Mike, very much. Thank you very much. Fellas, please, go ahead.

I appreciate that. Very nice. Thank you.

Right.

Thank you very much. Brian?

Thank you, Brian.

Good. Thank you, Brian. Thank you very much.

Please.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Please.

Yeah, it's a good point.

Good. Very good point.

Thank you very much. Would anybody like to say -- you're the ones that really should be speaking up. Would you like to say something? Please, go ahead.

Great. Thank you very much. Please. MS. O'BRIEN: Thank you. On behalf of Hiring Our Heroes, thank you to you and to your administration for what you have done. I want to point out this isn't only an opportunity for us to provide paths into STEM for veterans, it's also an opportunity for us to welcome a chronically underemployed and unemployed population in our military spouses and put them to work by upskilling and reskilling them.

Great. MS. O'BRIEN: So, thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Please, go ahead.

Thank you.

Great job. Thank you very much. Great. Folks?

Great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Great job. Great job everybody. So let's do the signing, right? You see a man named Chuck Grassley. You don't get better than Chuck, right? That's great. Thank you.  Here you go. Go ahead. So you go ahead; just pass them out.  So thank you very much.

This is a great honor. And we'll just do this, because some people like to see this. Can you see that, fellas, okay? I don't know if they're going to ask questions, but it might not be on this subject.

It should be on the subject. Go ahead. Ask on -- ask on stem cells.

Oh, I'm shocked. I'm shocked. I'm shocked.

Yeah, I thought it was ridiculous that -- that of that --

No, I didn't speak with the Just- -- I'd be able to do it if I wanted. I have the absolute right to do it. I stay out of things to a degree that people wouldn't believe. But I didn't speak to them. I thought the recommendation was ridiculous. I thought the whole prosecution was ridiculous. And I look at others that haven't been prosecuted or -- I don't know where it is now.

But when you see that, I thought it was an insult to our country. And it shouldn't happen. And we'll see what -- what goes on there. But that was a -- that was a horrible aberration. These are the -- I guess, the same Mueller people that put everybody through hell. And I think it's a disgrace. No, I have not been involved with it at all.

I don't want to talk about that now. I think it was a disgraceful recommendation.

They ought to be ashamed of themselves -- what they've done to General Flynn, what they've done to others. And then the really guilty ones -- people that have committed major crimes -- are getting away with it. I think it's disgrace. We'll see what happens. Go ahead, John.

Well, I'll tell you what: I looked at it and I watched him pander at a church and practically beg for forgiveness. I wouldn't have begged for forgiveness. I mean, he was doing his job at the time. And then he -- when he went up to the church, I thought it was disgraceful. But I put something out and it was so -- it was pretty nasty.

And I thought, you know, I'm looking to bring the country together, not divide the country further. But when he went up to a church and he apologized for everything he has ever done, that was only for getting votes. And I think probably people understand that. Yeah, please.

I am.

I am. I spoke with Prime Minister Modi and it's going to be very -- I don't know who's going, but it's -- he said we will have millions and millions of people. My only problem is -- so, last night, we probably had 40- or 50,000 people. Far more than anyone else. But when we have 50,000 people nowadays, fellas, I'm not going to feel so good --  because he thinks we'll have 5- to 7 million people just from the airport to the new stadium.

And, you know, it's the largest stadium in the world. He's building it now. It's almost complete and it's the largest in the world. And he's a friend of mine. He's a great gentleman. And I look forward to going to India. So we'll be going at the end of the month.

They would like to do something, and we'll see. If we can make the right deal, we'll do it.

I don't want to say, but you'd be surprised. You would be surprised, but I don't want to say.

No, well --

Yeah, I obviously wasn't happy with the job he did. First of all, he reported a false call. That wasn't what was said on the call. What was said on the call was totally appropriate. And I call it a "perfect call." I always will call it a "perfect call." And it wasn't one call; it was two calls.

There were two perfect calls. There was no setup. There was no anything. And he reported it totally differently. And then they all went wild when I said that we have transcripts of the calls. And they turned out to be totally accurate transcripts. And if anybody felt there was any changes, we let them make it because it didn't matter.

So we had accurate -- totally accurate transcripts. And it turned out that what he reported was very different. And also, when you look at Vindman's -- the person he reports to -- said horrible things: avoided the chain of command, leaked, did a lot of bad things. And so we sent him on his way to a much different location and the military can handle him any way they want.

General Milley has him now. I congratulate General Milley. He can have him, but -- and his brother also. So we'll -- we'll find out what happened. I mean, we'll find out. But he reported very inaccurate things. You understand that, John. When you look at his report and then when you look at what, actually, the exact the words - fortunately, I had the words, because otherwise we would have had a lot of people lying.

And we were able to do it. So fortunately, we had transcripts of those calls. I think you guys all agree with that. Right?

Wasn't it nice? After they said these horrible things and made up these horrible, horrible lies about what was said in the call -- and then I said, "Here is the call." I had a transcript. If I didn't have a transcript, it would've been my word against their word. But there were other people on that call.

There were many people on that call -- Mike Pompeo. And I know that. When I speak to the head of state of countries, presidents, prime ministers, etcetera -- there are always a lot of people on those calls, especially form the other countries, I imagine. I don't know that for a fact, but I know for a fact that we have a lot of people on those calls.

Who would say something wrong? I wouldn't say it wrong anyway, but who would say it wrong when you have -- when a call is loaded up with, you know, sometimes as many as 25 people, sometimes as many as 3 or 4 or 2. But there's always people on those calls. I fully know that. But that was a perfect call, and it wasn't reported the way it was reported -- like, "oh it was so terrible." That was a very nice call.

That was a very friendly call. A couple of things: The President, as you know, of Ukraine stated very strongly that there was no pressure, there was no anything, there was nothing wrong. And it was really a very sad state of affairs that our country wasted that much time on nothing -- on nothing. And I want to thank our three senators that are here for agreeing with me. I mean, you had one grandstander.

He's always been a grandstander.

Oh, sure. Oh, sure. Absolutely.

There always are.

Yeah, no, well, that's up to them.

He is now -- he's -- he's over with the military.

That's going to be up to the military. We'll have to see. But if you look at what happened, I mean, they're going to certainly, I would imagine, take a look at that. But, no, I think what he did was just reported a false call. If you look at what he said, and then -- and I'll tell you, the one worse was -- you look at Shifty Schiff.

Take a look at what he did. He made up my conversation. And then we dropped the transcript, and he almost had a heart attack. Didn't he say eight "quid pro quos"? Think of it. So eight times I said the same thing, according to Shifty Schiff. If I ever did that -- so you say it once. Now you say it again.

We're talking about a man that I never even met before. Now you say it a third time, a fourth time, a fifth time, a sixth time, seven times, eight times. Eight times he said that I asked for the exact same thing in one call. After the third time, they'd have to take you away, okay? He's a sick person.

Schiff is a very corrupt politician and he's a sick person. So he made up -- totally made up. And because he's shielded, which a lot of people didn't know -- but because he's shielded by the halls of Congress -- you know, in terms of what he says -- you can say anything you want. He made up a story; it was total fiction.

And then at the end, he said, "Don't call me, I'll call you." That's a mob statement. Very famous statement in numerous movies, one in particular. That's a mob statement. "Don't call me, I'll call you." He said that I said that. He said that I said, eight times, "quid pro quo." Well, there were no times "quid pro quo." Nothing.

That whole thing was corrupt and a disgrace. And Romney is a disgrace for voting against. He's a disgrace. Okay. Anybody else?

Sure.

I support anything we can do to get down crime and to get rid of drugs. But I think when a man is with stop-and-frisk his whole life, and then he decides to go Democrat, and he goes to a church and he's practically crying -- he looked like hell. He's practically crying, saying how -- what a horrible thing he did.

I think that's so disingenuous. You know what I'm talking about, fellas. That was so -- of Bloomberg. Look, he's a lightweight. He's a lightweight. You're going to find that out. He's also one of the worst debaters I've ever seen. And his presence is zero. So he will spend his three, four, five million dollars.

Maybe they will take it away. Frankly, I'd rather run against Bloomberg than Bernie Sanders, because Sanders has real followers -- whether you like him or not, whether you agree with him or not. I happen to think it's terrible what he says. But he has followers. Bloomberg is just buying his way in. But we're going to find out what happens.

We're going to find out. But when you watch -- go back to the church, where he apologized for everything he ever did, practically -- and he looked pathetic. Our country doesn't need that kind of leadership. Thank you all very much.

It's stumbling. It's mumbling. Not pretty. But we'll see how he does. You never know. You never know. The only time you knew for sure was the Trump campaign. Trump was going to win.

He can always turn it around. You know, I think it's not going to be easy. I think he can turn it around, yeah. I think he has a shot. He's got probably almost as good a shot as anyone, but he's going to have to work. He's going to have to work very hard, much harder than they thought. Don't forget, when he first ran I called him "1 percent Joe," because every time he ran, he only got 1 percent.

And then Obama took him off the garbage heap. But he only got 1 percent. Right, John? You know that. One percent Joe. But now he's -- what? -- 19 percent Joe. It's better. He's doing better. He's made a lot of progress. But it's going to be -- it's going to be very interesting. I think we have -- we're going to have a very interesting Democrat race and I think we're going to have a very interesting election.

But our country is doing better than it's ever done. We've rebuilt our military. Thanks to the people back here, we've taken care of our vets at a level that they've never been taken care of before. Jerry -- I mean, never even close. And it's really something that we're very proud of. You look at the economy -- I mean, we have the best economy we've ever had.

We have the best employment numbers we've ever had: African American, Asian American, Hispanic American. We're going to protect our Second Amendment. The Democrats want to take away the guns. They want to take away everyone's gun. They want to destroy the Second Amendment. So when you add it all up, you know, I don't see how we lose, but you never know. It's politics. Right, fellas? Thank you all very much. Thank you.