Thank you very much. Please. Those are friendly truckers. They're on our side. It's almost a celebration in a way. Please sit down. Please.

The First Lady and I are thrilled to welcome you this afternoon for our second event recognizing extraordinary Americans who have responded to the invisible enemy -- we know what the invisible enemy is; we've learned a lot -- with exceptional bravery and commitment and love. And we appreciate it very much. Great job, fantastic job.

In the midst of this pandemic, our nation has been united in grief and in prayer for the precious lives that have been lost. We've also come together in awe and admiration for the heroism and patriotism that we're witnessing all across our country.

Here with us today is Amy Ford, a nurse of 17 years, from Williamson, West Virginia -- a great state. Where is Amy? Hi, Amy.

Weeks ago, after telling her children she loved them, Amy got on a plane for the first time in her life and traveled to New York to help. For the past 42 days, she's been working 12-hour shifts in the intensive care units of Kings County Hospital Center in Brooklyn. I know it well; I know that building well. I passed it many, many times. And Amy has been serving the coronavirus patients around the clock. She once held the hand of an elderly patient all night long, just so the woman would not feel alone. Boy, that's something. Thank you, Amy. That's incredible.

I want to thank you for what you've done. What a great story. I've heard about this story. Please come up and say a few words. Please, Amy. That's great.

Amy, did you ever catch the virus? Did you ever --

You never got it. So with all of that long hours and with very, very sick people, you never caught the virus.

What do you attribute that to?

Oh, really? Good. Good protection.

So you feel -- so you've had great protection?

So you feel that if you have the protection, you won't catch it. You feel that?

That is fantastic.

Good. Wow.

And your coworkers, are they -- do they --

That's incredible.

So you all have very good equipment --

-- as the expression goes, right?

The gowns and the masks. Everything.

Thank you very much, Amy.

That's great. Amazing.  It's a great story.

Also with us is Ben Ross, the cofounder of a small, custom tie business called Brackish Bow Ties in Charleston, South Carolina. A great place.

Ben has also -- with his team -- has shifted to producing protective masks for medical workers, and he's done it completely free of charge. That's fantastic. As Ben says, "We've pushed the gas pedal down, and we haven't let up."

So Brackish Bow Ties has donated more than 2,000 masks to 31 medical facilities in 10 states. And Ben's also been able to keep all 48 of his employees on the payroll thanks to the Paycheck Protection Program. Great, Ben.

Could you come up and say a few words? I can tell it's you by the tie. I assume that's -- yes, that's the man I'm talking about. Thanks, Ben.

Thank you.

Thank you, Ben.

Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much.

Fantastic. And I like that tie very much, by the way.

Today we also honor Sergeant Spencer Garrett, an officer with the New York PD -- that's New York's finest, that's for sure -- right? -- who contracted the coronavirus. After four weeks of fighting a painful battle against the virus, Spencer recovered and immediately returned to the frontlines. Grateful for all of the support of his family, friends, colleagues, and time -- all of the people and the work he's done, Sergeant Garrett wanted to provide that same kindness to others.

And I know so many of the people on -- members of New York's finest, and we love them. And say hello to them. Okay?

With the aid of his union, Spencer has made it his mission to support these fellow New Yorkers. So, if you would, I'd love to have you come on up and say a few words. Thank you.

Thank you.

So how was that? You went through that process, and it took quite a while. It took longer than you would have thought.

And what was it? Just complications?

Oh, I see. I see.

That's fantastic.

You're my hero. Okay?

Thank you. Say hello to everybody.

Thank you.  That's great.

We're also joined by three terrific Girl Scouts. We are also joined by three terrific Girl Scouts -- Lauren, Sravya, and Laila of Girl Scout Troop 744 from Elkridge, Maryland -- along with their troop leader, Megan Langley. Thank you very much. That's great. That's really great. These amazing 10-year-olds have donated 100 boxes of Girl Scout cookies to local firefighters, doctors, and nurses and have spent  approximately 200 personalized cards to healthcare workers all over. And they're going to do a lot more. Their ambition is to do a lot more.

And I think, Laila, you're going to come up and you're going to speak? Why don't you all go up and stand, and maybe, Laila, you say a few words? That'd be great. Thank you very much. Please.  That's great. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thanks, Laila. What a great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much, all three. Great job.

Also with us today is Clay Young, a real estate developer and landlord from Jonesboro, Arkansas. That's a fantastic place. In March, one of Clay's small-business tenants informed him that they were concerned that they would be unable to afford the rent. He immediately took the tenant's rent check, ripped it up, and then waived April's rent as well.

Clay had only one condition. He said to his tenant: "Take care of your family and pay your employees. Just take care of those employees, please. We'll get through this together." And that's what's happening. Clay then told 11 more small-business tenants that he'd waived their rent payments as well.

With the help of PPP loans, many reopened the doors this week -- they just reopened. So, Clay, I want to thank you very much on behalf of all of us in this country. And if you'd come up and say a few words. That's a great thing. Thank you, Clay.

Thank you.

Well, I want to say to you also -- and being a landlord is a pretty good business and I heard you've done really well. And it's nice what you've done, Clay. We appreciate it very much.

Say hello to the people of your state. Your state is wonderful.

I like it. You know that. Thank you, Clay.

So during this difficult time, our citizens are rising to the challenge, just as generations of Americans have done before us. America has never faced a trial like this. We've never had anything like this happen. But we're going to endure, and we're going to thrive, and we're going to do better than ever before.

The men and women we honor today remind us that the bonds that unite us in times of hardship can also raise us to new heights as we reopen and recover and rebuild. In the months ahead, we will harness our love and all of the things that we hold so dear to our heart for our family, for our community, and for the country, and we'll make America greater and stronger than ever before.

And we're going to transition into greatness. We're going to be seeing it, and you're going to be seeing it very soon. There's a pent-up demand, and there's a pent-up love, and there's so many things happening, and you're going to see the fruits of all of the work that we've all been doing -- working 24 hours a day, in some cases.

So, I'd like to thank everybody for being here, especially our great, great heroes. Because that's what you are -- heroines and heroes. That's exactly what you are. And I'd now like to ask these wonderful and courageous Americans to come forward as I present them with a letter of recognition.

And I want to thank our First Lady. This was a very important event for First Lady Melania. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing. Thank you. Thank you, honey.  Okay, please.