Well, thank you very much. A couple of things happened today that are very exciting. The USMCA passed the Senate. It's one of the biggest trade bills ever made. And then, yesterday, as you know, China passed, and that's something that is extraordinary. And it's going to have tremendous far-reaching effects, including our relationship, long term, with China, our farmers and manufacturers and bankers, and everybody.

It's jobs. It's jobs like we've never seen before, and that's going to be something very special. And USMCA today, which just passed by a very comfortable vote -- a very high vote -- we are very proud to have that. So we've done two of the biggest trade deals. They are the two biggest trade deals in the world ever done.

And we're honored to have done them in a short period of time. We are gathered in the Oval Office for the National Religious Freedom Day -- something very important and very special, and special to me and the people that are gathered around me. This afternoon, we're proudly announcing historic steps to protect the First Amendment right to pray in public schools.

So you have the right to pray. And that's a very important and powerful right. There's nothing more important than that, I would say. We're joined by the Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos; Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Rosen; and students and advocates from across America. And advocates they were. They've been calling and writing by the thousands.

And you're representing that large group of people. In a sacred principle of our Republic that government must never stand between the people and God. Yet, in public schools around the country, authorities are stopping students and teachers from praying, sharing their faith, or following their religious beliefs.

It is totally unacceptable. You see it on the football field. You see it so many times where they're stopped from praying. And we are doing something to stop that. Tragically, there is a growing totalitarian impulse on the far-left that seeks to punish, restrict, and even prohibit religious expression. Something that, if you go back 10 years or 15 years or 20 years, it was un-thought of that a thing like that could even happen -- that anybody would even think of something like that happening.

That is why, today, my administration is issuing strong new guidance to protect religious liberty in our public schools. The right of students and teachers to freely exercise their faith will always be protected, including the right to pray. So we call this the "Right to Pray." Is that a good idea? Good?

Right? You like that, right?  Nine federal agencies are also proposing new rules to roll back discriminatory regulations. So we have rules to roll back discriminatory regulations on religious service organizations. And earlier this afternoon, my White House released a new memo to make sure federal funding is never used to violate the First Amendment -- which is a very big deal.

With us today is Hannah Allen, a high school freshman from Texas. Hannah, would you tell us what happened at your school with respect to you and prayer? Hannah?

Thank you, darling. Right here.

Well --

So what ultimately happened? How was that resolved?

And now you're able to do that?

Good. Well, now it's going to be much easier yet. Okay? All right? Thank you, darling. That was beautiful. Thank you very much. We're also joined by Marilyn Rhames, a former teacher and the founder of Teachers Who Pray. Marilyn, if you could, let us know -- where is --

Good. Thank you very much. Maybe you give us a little bit about what happened?

That was really beautifully said. Thank you very much. That was beautiful. Thanks, Marilyn. So, while I'm President, which will be hopefully for five years -- and, I don't know, maybe we'll work on, with the media, we'll work on a major extension of that. Right?  But we will not let anyone push God from the public square.

We will uphold religious liberty for all. And I want to thank you all, and God bless you all for being here. It's a great time in our country. We're doing things that nobody thought was possible. I'd like to ask, if I might, Secretary DeVos and Deputy Attorney General Rosen to say a few words about our actions, if you don't mind.

Please.

Go ahead, Betsy. Please.

Thank you very much.

Beautiful. Thank you, Betsy, very much. Jeff?

Right.

Thank you, Jeff. Good job.

Very good job. Thank you very much, Jeff. Paula, would you like to say something? Go ahead.

Thank you very much, Paula.

That's great. Thank you very much. Would anybody like to say anything? Go ahead.

Yes, go ahead.  Go ahead.

Oh.

Wow.

Well, it's not going to be happening anymore. Okay?

All right?

That's a beautiful -- it's a beautiful story. Well told, because it sets such a good plate out there for people. I mean, you hear a story like that, it's such a shocking -- Jeff, that's a shocking story, right? You were the only Catholic in the school?

But they didn't have any idea. It was just -- and the teacher did not treat you properly, right?

Okay. We're changing that. Okay? Great job. That was beautiful. Come here. Give me that hand. Anybody over here? Anybody? Sure.

Good.

That's right. That's right.

Beautiful. Thank you very much. That's very nice.

Yes?

And we're going to take care of that, right?

Thank you, darling.

Beautiful. Thank you very much.

Okay, we'll I want to thank everybody for being here. Did I hear somebody else? Yes, please. Go ahead.

Well, thank you very much. So beautiful. Thank you. It's working out better now? Or is it sort of similar?

Good.

Well, this is going to help too.

Thank you very much.

Yes, please.

Coach.

Right.

Right.

Thank you, Coach.

Good coach, too. He's a good coach.

Thank you all very much. Yes?

Where do you come from with that beautiful accent?  I love the accent. Where do you come from?

Kentucky. Oh, we love Kentucky.  We love Kentucky.

Thank you very much.

Say hello to everybody in Kentucky for me, okay?  And beyond. And beyond Kentucky.

Okay? We're all set?

Yes, please.

Beautiful. So nicely stated. Thank you very much. You were going to say something?

Right.

Well, we covered a lot of territory in here, as you know, because, you're right, it's been many years since they were updated.

So I think it's very important. Well, thank you all very much. Go ahead.

Well, it is a cultural war, and you have two sides. And you have a side that believes so strongly in prayer, and they're being restricted, and it's getting worse and worse. And I think we've made a big impact. And we're loosening up a lot, and I want to loosen it up totally. But you do have -- you have things happening today that 10 or 15 years ago would have been unthinkable, what's happening.

Taking the word "God" down, taking the word "Christmas" out. You know, I think we've turned that one around very good. I think we've turned both of them around very good. But we're not going to let it happen. We're never going to let that happen. And we're fighting it hard. You know better than anybody, we're fighting it very hard.

And we're opening it up, and we're opening up again. So stories like you hear -- but so many other stories -- hopefully, in the future, you're not going to be hearing too much about that. Okay? Thank you. Good question.

Well, I don't know him. I don't know Parnas, other than I guess I had pictures taken, which I do with thousands of people, including people today that I didn't meet. But -- just met them. I don't know him at all. Don't know what he's about. Don't know where he comes from. Know nothing about him.

I can only tell you: This thing is a big hoax. It's a big hoax. We call it -- this is the current hoax. We've gone through the Russian witch hunt. We've gone through a lot of them -- from probably before I came down the escalator, but certainly since I came down the escalator. You take a look at what's happened.

And, in the meantime, our country --

It doesn't matter what he says. He's trying to probably make a deal for himself.

I don't even know who this man is, other than I guess he attended fundraisers, so I take a picture with him. I'm in a room; I take pictures with people. I take thousands and thousands of pictures with people all the time -- thousands -- during the course of the year. And, oftentimes, I'll be taking a picture with somebody.

I'll say, "I wonder what newspaper that one is going to appear in." No, I don't know him. Perhaps he's a fine man; perhaps he's not. I know nothing about him. But I can tell you this --

I don't know him. I don't believe I've ever spoken with him.

I don't believe I've ever spoken to him. I meet thousands of people --

I meet thousands and thousands of people, as President. I take thousands of pictures. And I do -- and I do it openly and I do it gladly. And then, if I have a picture where I'm standing with somebody at a fundraiser -- like, I believe I saw a picture with this -- this man. But I don't know him. I had never had a conversation that I remember with him.

Certainly --

Let me just tell you: You just have to take a look at the polls.

Quiet. You just have to take a look at the pictures. You just have to take a look at the polls. You see I don't need anybody's help. We're doing phenomenally well. The economy is the best it's ever been in -- we have never had an economy like this in history. We just made the two best trade deals in the history of our country.

We are doing well. I don't need the help of a man I never met before, other than perhaps taking a picture at a fundraiser or something, if that's where it was taken.

So -- go ahead.

I will probably be going to Davos. I've been invited. We have tremendous world leaders, and we also have the great business leaders. And we want those business leaders all to come to the United States. Some of the businesses left the United States because they were disgusted with what happened. And now they're all coming back.

We are booming. Our country is the hottest country anywhere in the world. There's nothing even close. Every world leader sees me and they say, "What have you done? This is the most incredible thing that we've ever seen." I understand the stock market, today, broke 29,000. When I came in, it was a fraction of that.

It was a number that, frankly, would have gone and it would have been cut in half had the other person or the other party won. The number would have been cut in half. We are doing so well. And I want to get more. We have tremendous room for growth in our country, in terms of the economy. We have tremendous, powerful room for growth.

So I'm going to be going to Davos. I'll be meeting the biggest business leaders in the world; getting them to come here. I'll also be meeting with foreign leaders. Okay?

Well, I have a great relationship with Catholics. I've done so much for Catholics. You take look at the abortion issue. You take a look at many of these -- you have Mexico City; you take a look at so many of the different issues. My relationship with Catholics and the Catholic Church has been very, very good, as you know very well.

Jeff, go ahead.

Well, I don't know anything about the letter. But certainly Rudy is one of the great crime fighters in the history of our country. He's certainly probably the best over the last 50 years. He was also the greatest mayor in the history of the city of New York. I think Rudy was truly an outstanding mayor. As an example, his endorsement of Bloomberg -- he got Bloomberg elected.

He wouldn't have even been mayor. But Rudy was the greatest crime fighter. And Rudy is somebody that, frankly, having him on my side was a great honor for me, and it has been a great honor for me. Rudy Giuliani -- Rudy Giuliani did a phenomenal job over a long period of time in fighting crime. And frankly, he's a very legitimate guy, a very straight shooter.

I didn't know about his specific letter, but if he wrote a letter, it wouldn't have been a big deal. Rudy was always in -- it was very important to Rudy that I be a great President, and that's okay with me. It was very important to a lot of people, because our country was going to hell and now our country is on a path that we haven't seen in decades and decades.

We've never done better. Go ahead.

No, no. Not you. Go ahead.

Well, I think it should go very quickly. It's a hoax. It's a hoax. Everybody knows that. It's a --

It's a complete hoax -- the whole thing with Ukraine. So you have a perfect phone call. This is a call fortunate- -- it was actually two phone calls. You people don't report that. There were two calls. They were both perfect calls. In fact, probably among the nicest calls I've ever met -- made to foreign leaders.

Now, so you have these perfect calls, and everybody says it now. Before they knew they were so good -- because, fortunately, they were transcribed -- you had other people saying terrible things about the calls. You had a fake whistleblower that wrote a report that bore no relationship to what was said. Everything was false.

You have now the Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister of Ukraine saying there was nothing done wrong. In fact, they said there was absolutely no pressure whatsoever. Everything was perfect. And they impeach. It's totally partisan. We had 195 to nothing, Republican votes. I guess we got a Democrat actually came over to the Republican side.

We had 195 to nothing. This is a hoax. It's a sham. I did the biggest deal ever done in the history of our country yesterday in terms of trade -- and probably other things too, if you think about it: the deal with China. And that was the second story to a total hoax. Today we just had passed the USMCA. It's going to take the place of NAFTA, which was a terrible deal.

And the USMCA will probably be second to this witch-hunt hoax, which hopefully everyone knows is not going anywhere. There was nothing done wrong. This was a perfect phone call. Think of it: The President of the United States, who's led the greatest growth -- the greatest -- the greatest economic revival of any country anywhere in the world is the United States, as big as it is. We're doing better than any other country, by far.

Our unemployment numbers are the best they've been in over 50 years. African American, Asian American, Hispanic American unemployment, the best in the history of our country. And I've got to go through a hoax, a phony hoax, put out by the Democrats so they can try and win an election that hopefully they're not going to win.

It was put out for purposes of winning an election. Our country is doing great. Our country has never done better. So they figure the only thing they can do -- they failed on the Mueller report; that was a bomb. After two and a half years, they failed. Now they said, "What can we do?" And they pick up a phone call that was perfect.

But they didn't know it was perfect. They only found out later. They made up a phone call. What they did -- look, what they did -- you have a corrupt person -- he's a corrupt politician named Adam Schiff, and he made up a phone call. He went out -- you'll hear about this as you grow older.  He went out and he said things that -- "He said quid pro quo eight times." It was no times.

He said, "Don't call me; I'll call you." That's a mob statement. I never said that. Fortunately, I released the transcript of the call. The transcript was perfectly accurate. And now everybody agrees because it went through a lot and they said, "Well, could you add one word here?" Our lieutenant colonel said, "Well, I think they should add -- " -- they added the word.

Everything -- everyone agrees the transcript is perfecto, done by total professionals, right? But I released that after they had done these fraudulent acts. And you get impeached on this. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have the highest job numbers. Today, it was just announced, we have more people working in the United States than ever before in the history of our country -- almost 160 million people.

We're doing an incredible job. And for absolutely no reason --

-- and for absolutely no reason, I got impeached.

It's a disgrace and it's a hoax. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.