Well, I just wanted to say that all Americans are thinking of the great people of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippiti  -- Mississippi, and all of those incredible states that are affected. It's covered a big range of territory -- probably more than almost anyone that we can think of. It covered a lot, and it went very deep into the country and is going deep into the country. It continues.

When Hurricane Laura made landfall near Cameron, Louisiana, it was the most powerful hurricane to strike Louisiana coast in 150 years. Think of that. It was a category four and very close to a category five. For a while, it was a category five. But with a maximum sustained wind of 150 miles an hour -- and I saw last night it was up to 185 miles per hour, and I had never seen that before. While initial reports of the coastal storm surge were not as bad as predicted, we're still learning a lot about the storm, and we'll find out. We'll be reporting to you over the last -- over the next couple of days.

I've signed emergency declarations for Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mississippi. FEMA is on the ground. They've been assisting in the search-and-rescue efforts, delivering life-saving supplies, helping restore power to over 600,000 -- is that a correct statement? -- 600,000 households and businesses that lost power in Texas and Louisiana, in particular.

I've spoken to all the governors, and we've worked everything out for the federal government to be very, very efficient and be very aggressive in getting everything back and going, and going as it should.

So I just want to thank Pete and all of the people at FEMA. I want to thank Chad Wolf. I want to congratulate him on his nomination. Fantastic. I hope that goes very quickly. It should go very quickly. You've done a fantastic job.

And with that, maybe I'll have Chad say a few words. And then, Pete, you can say something. And we'll take some questions. Please.

Thank you. Great job.

Pete?

Could I ask you: What's the level of danger for -- you say three planes flying into the storm. What's the level of danger for the planes, the pilots, flying into a storm of this magnitude, where you had up to 185, and even beyond, winds? What -- what is that level?

It's great. Thank them for me, too.

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you.

Yeah, that's really -- it's amazing.

How many buildings are like that building?

You don't want to use that glass contractor, right?

They didn't do too good a job.

Thank you very much, Pete.

Yeah, I just wanted to say Mike did a fantastic job last night, and I think you deserve the honor of making your statement right now. You've made a big statement last night; let's make a smaller one now.

It's great, Mike. Thank you very much.

Any questions concerning the hurricane? Yeah, please.

Very shortly. We'll be doing tonight -- in fact, I was actually prepared to postpone the speech tonight and make it on Monday. I was going to Texas. I was going to Louisiana, maybe Arkansas. Looks like Arkansas -- I just spoke to the governor -- it's going to be in pretty good shape, but they'll need some help.

But now, it turned out, we got a little bit lucky. It was very big, it was very powerful, but it passed quickly. And so everything is on schedule. We'll probably be going on Saturday or Sunday, and we'll be heading to Texas and Louisiana, and maybe an additional stop. So that'll either be on Saturday, a little bit in the afternoon, or Sunday. And we'll be ready -- I think you'll be prepared by that time.

But I just want to thank all of the people from FEMA in particular, and all law enforcement and everyone else, locally, because they've done a fantastic job. So we'll be going Saturday or Sunday.

Yeah. I can tell you that Wisconsin -- I appreciate the governor calling and saying he wanted National Guard. As you know, last night was very quiet; the night before wasn't. And the reason it wasn't: They didn't have proper protection.

But I respect the governor's decision to get that protection. The National Guard did a fantastic job. Mark Meadows is here. We called up the National Guard, we sent it out, and they did a fantastic job last night. We had virtually no incident.

Portland should do the same thing. These are all Democrat- run cities that should do this as they did, really, in Wisconsin. So it went very, very smooth. We had a relatively small force. We can be much larger. If necessary, we'll move a very large force there. But we didn't need too much, and it worked out very well in Wisconsin.

And all I ask is that these cities that are having difficulty -- if they call us, if they request that we send the National Guard, they will be there instantaneously. And we will put out the fire. We will put out the flame. We will put out the -- the vandalism, because the vandalism and the looting is ridiculous to allow this to happen. I don't know how they can possibly do it and why they do it. I don't understand, because all they have to do is call. They can call me. They can call Mike. They can call any one of us. We'll have the National Guard there, and we will stop the violence very quickly.

Chad, I think you might want to say something about that.

They could solve that problem so easily and so quickly. And it seems such a shame that for politi- -- I guess political reasons, I don't know. It can't be good for them politically. But these -- let's call them Democrat governors, or, frankly, we'll respond to a mayor also if they need help. But Portland is a great example. It's been going on for 90 days, and we could put it out in one hour. All they have to do is ask us to come, and we will be there with the National Guard.

We actually sent Homeland Security officers in to protect the courthouse because they were unable to protect the courthouse. And as soon as they got there, the courthouse was protected, but we'd like to go a big step further than that. And we could fix the problem very quickly, but they have to call us, and they have to -- we have to respond to their call. That's the way it works.

I don't know much about the NBA protest. I know their ratings have been very bad because I think people are a little tired of the NBA, frankly. But I don't know too much about the protest.

But I know their ratings have been very bad, and that's too -- that's unfortunate. They've become like a political organization, and that's not a good thing. I don't think that's a good thing for sports or for the country.

Very appropriate. The country is doing very well, economically. We're on a "V." It could even be a super "V." We set a record last quarter on jobs. The job numbers were, as you know, over 9 million jobs. That's a record in the history of our country.

I think we're going to have a GDP that's going to be mindboggling. Now, that'll be announced, interestingly, just before the election. So that'll be very interesting. But the Fed, as you know, the Atlanta -- I guess it was the Atlanta Fed announced that they projected a 26 percent GDP. There's never been any such thing anywhere in the world as a 26 percent GDP.

So we're doing very well. We're coming back. And that's despite the fact that great places like North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Michigan are shut down unnecessarily at this point. It's crazy what they're doing. But they're doing it, I think, for political reasons because they'd like their number to be as low as possible. And, actually, I think they're making a tremendous mistake.

And you have to remember: The shutdown, what we did initially, was a -- was a very, very important thing. Otherwise, you'd have millions of people dead. You would have millions of people. And then we learned and we watched, and we watched closely. And now we have vaccines coming very soon. We have therapeutics. It's been incredible, what's taken place.

But I have to say, they should open up their states. Let them open. Let them open safely and carefully. Open up their schools. Let them play football. It's got to open up.

And we had a great number of doctors, as you know, in the office yesterday -- the world's leading experts on this. And there's great danger to shutdowns, and that's in the form of suicides, in the form of alcoholism and drug use, and so many other things are caused. It's a bigger problem.

So whether it's North Carolina, Pennsylvania, or Michigan, or others, they should open up, and we have to get on with it. We have to get on with it. It's very sad. It's very dangerous what they're doing actually. And they're doing it --

-- and they're doing it for political reasons.

So we have tremendous passion for this country. We love our country, and we want our country to do well. And I'll see you all tonight. Thank you very much.