Well, thank you very much. And today I'm signing an executive order to ensure that the federal government lives by a very simple rule: Hire American. We've been doing it at a level that hasn't been done maybe ever.

I'll also be taking firm, disciplinary action against the leadership of the Tennessee Valley Authority, which has sadly and cruelly betrayed American workers. And we have some of those great American workers with us at the table. This is the Cabinet Room, and it's an honor to have you in the Cabinet Room and at the Oval Office.

We're joined by the Vice President; Congressman Tim Burchett, who's doing a fantastic job in the state of Tennessee; Secretary of Labor Eugene Scalia; Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Secretary, Ken Cuccinelli. Where's Ken? Hi, Ken. I didn't see you down there. That's great. Doing a great job.

Keep you busy, right?  We're keeping you busy, Ken.

Recently, the CEO of the Tennessee Valley Authority, Jeffrey Lyash, made a disastrous and heartless decision. The TVA announced that it would lay off over 200 American workers and replace them with cheaper foreign workers brought in from overseas.

The Tennessee Valley Authority leadership then ordered the American workers to train their foreign replacements, rubbing salt in their very open wound.

So we're going to bring in workers. They're going to foreign workers. And people from Tennessee, and some others states right around it, are going to train them -- what to do and how to do it. It doesn't work that way.

As we speak, we're finalizing H1-B regulations so that no American worker is replaced ever again. H1-Bs should be used for top, highly paid talent to create American jobs, not as inexpensive labor program to destroy American jobs.

Sitting at the table are six of the TVA workers who were ordered to train the foreign labor flown in to replace them. I want you and your colleagues to know that my administration will not be putting up with -- I happen to know a young woman who's been very active over the last couple of years because we were together on Disney and a couple of other things.

And it all seems to be working out pretty well.

You're doing a great job.

And thank you for it.

But that's why I'm formally removing the chairman of the board, James Thompson, and board member Richard Howorth. If the TVA does not move swiftly to reverse their decision to rehire their workers, then more board members will be removed. We have the absolute right to remove board members. And the board makes the decision; I don't make the decision. I saw there was an ad on television talking about the amount of money that the chairman makes, and it's a ridiculous amount of money. But we have the right to replace the board, and the board is the one -- the only ones that get the right to then hire a new person.

Furthermore, the board must immediately hire that new CEO who puts the interest of American workers first. The current CEO, Jeff Lyash, is ridiculously overpaid. He earns $8 million a year. Did you know that? Eight million. He's the highest-paid government official of any country anywhere in the world.

Now, I don't know that you call him officially a "government." It might be a public-private. It may be something -- a lot time ago, it was established, Tennessee Valley Authority. But he gets $8 million a year. So that was just a succession of deep-swamp things happening, and it's a disgrace. But he gets $8 million a year, and I can think of about almost 100 percent of the people I know would take that job.  It's not a very hard job. I mean, you have not a lot of debt, not a lot of anything, right?

Public service is just that: Those who takes these jobs must be focused on the public good, not on personal profit. He would have taken the job for millions and millions of dollars less, but nobody asked him to do that. Okay? He would have gone for less. You could have had him for $4 million, $6 million, $7 million, $2 million, $1 million, probably $500,000 a year.

But the new CEO must be paid no more than $500,000 a year, which is still a significant amount more than the President of the United States makes. And I donate my salary. I've donated it. From what I hear, I'm the only President to do that. You'll have to check on that, but that's what I've heard. I'm very surprised to hear that. But I donate my full salary; I don't take it.

The board must work to ensure the CEO does not receive a lavish compensation package upon his departure, too. We don't want him leaving and then he gets a big check for millions and millions of dollars.

We want the TVA to take action on this immediately: Lower energy prices in the states of Georgia, Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. I love all those states. Any additional states you can think of there? I don't know. Let's see. So we're talking about of Georgia, Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. Great states, there -- every one of them.

So let this serve as a warning to any federally appointed board. If you betray American workers, then you will hear two simple words: "You're fired." "You're fired." It's ridiculous. The man is getting $8 million. It'd be interesting to see how much money he made before this. And I have no idea. Maybe he made more. I don't know. But I doubt it. But it'd be interesting to see. He got this position -- must have been politically inspired because I can think of probably, almost, everybody in the nation would have liked this position, including every one of the media folks across the table from me. I would say that everybody would have liked this position.

So, with that, we're getting rid of him in one form or another. Either the board is going to do it, we're going to do it. But he's gone. And he's done not a great job. He's done not even a good job, in certain ways. Plants in Kentucky -- he could've kept the plant open in Kentucky, if he wanted to, even if they retrofitted the plant. And he didn't do that, did he, Congressman?

He wouldn't do that.

We asked him to do it. He didn't want to do it. We said, "That's okay." And here we are doing what we're doing today.

So we will get somebody for a much lower price. I want the saving -- much lower salary -- I want the saving to go to the people of these great states in the form of energy savings. And that's a pretty substantial number.

So, Kevin, could I ask you to start off and say a few words, please?

Good.

So you're the one that took the ad about me that -- I didn't know that.  I was just saying, you know, "I think he's the one that took this, really, vicious ad." Like, I hired this guy for $8 million, that I had nothing to do with it. I said, "What's that?" But, actually, you brought something very important up, because when I looked into it, I said, "This guy is actually making $8 million a year." And you did the ad. So you really made me aware of what was going on with the Tennessee Valley Authority, which has been a -- a feeding pot for a long time. And a lot of deep state, a lot of swamp creatures, okay?

So, that's it. So we're going to make that -- I see. So I think now you realize that it wasn't about me. I hope you now realize that.

I accept -- I accept your apology.

That's smart.

I'll tell you, though -- I have to say, Kevin, the end was very appropriate. And while it has nothing to do with me, I can do things with respect to the board, and ultimately, the board controls that decision. This is a very, very old authority done in the --

So it was done during the FDR days. And it's been -- you know, it's been getting crazier and crazier just over the years. And they have, basically, nobody watching over them. And the board isn't watching. You see this happening in public companies also. You see it happening a lot.

But for a essentially -- I would say, for a federal employee to be paid $8 million -- now what we're doing is we're looking at the board members, how much are they paid. Because usually what happens is they pay, and then he says, "You know, I think you ought to get more money." And everybody is making a lot of money, and your pricing for electric and utilities starts going up, and people say, "I wonder why."

I also see that they're doing a lot of things in terms of electric, which is very expensive electric. They're building facilities that are very, very expensive to build and don't work well. But we'll discuss that separately.

But I appreciate it because you did make me aware of what's going on, and it's a terrific thing we're doing today. Thank you very much, Kevin.

Please, Stacy. How are you?

Well, you're a very powerful speaker. And so powerful that we just got a call -- Mark just brought this in from -- the TVA CEO, and he's indicated a very strong willingness to reverse course.

So it must have been Stacy. I think Stacy did a much better job than me. I mean, you're talking and all of the sudden, I get the note.

So he's looking to change course and reverse it, and that's good. Now, maybe he'll take a major cut in salary, too. That'll be phase two, right? So we'll take a look at that. And maybe you'll start looking at that on behalf of everybody, gratis. Right?

Your group. That's great, isn't it.

And you did a good job.

Everybody in this room did a good job.

And, Congressman, you have my endorsement.

Okay? You had it anyway, but you have it now. It's a great job.

The only congressman in the room. I tell you, Tim, great job.

That's only phase one. Phase two is -- imagine being paid the $8 million a year to run a thing that's pretty easy to run, in all fairness. It's not like he built it; he didn't build it. He went there and he's been there, and he gets a lot of money, and it shouldn't be. Five hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money, right?

And I'm willing to say he gets paid more money than I do. I don't care.

But, you know, it shouldn't happen.

So that's a start. That's a start. And I think we should find out what board members make, okay? Because --

-- I can almost guarantee you they're paid heavily.

Congratulations, Stacy. Really good.

Please, go ahead.

You're doing great.

You had a big victory already.

I appreciate it, and thank you very much.

And you'll see what happens. It's going to be very quick, too. Thank you.

Wendy, please.

And this was -- everybody felt this way in Tennessee Valley Authority then, I guess-- right? -- if you do. You've been there for 19 years. So everyone had to feel this way, like there's been a big feeling of doubt, right?

That's a terrible thing.

They're waiting for it to happen to them.

You've been training people?

And so, did they let you off yet? Or are you not sure?

So you're training people to take your job at a -- whatever. Right?

And where are the people from that you're training?

Are they from other countries?

Because with Disney, they were from other countries, right?

Go ahead.

Okay. Well, we'll make sure that things work out for the three of them because they're brave to be here, actually, Sara. So you'll check that out, right?

Let's see that they get their jobs back --

-- because I hear you're great workers. I mean, I said I want people, but I also people that are really good workers -- that did a great job. Because, you know, people can be let go; should be able to -- if they're not doing a good job. I'm all for that. I think -- I'll bet you are.

But I said, "I want people that really do a great job and were unfairly let go." Right, Tim?

That's, to me, very important.

Thank you very much, Wendy. We'll see what happens. Okay? We're going to push it hard.

Chuck, please.

How does that compare to other big utilities, would you say?

Yea, it's very big. That's a lot.

Right.

What's your biggest dam? What's the big dam?

Wilson in Alabama.

Good.

I remember that very well.

I agree.

I agree. That wouldn't happen with you, would it? Huh? It wouldn't happen.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Chuck.

Yeah. And you're going to lose -- you're going to lose people when you're firing people that are -- they live in Tennessee and they live in Georgia and they live in the other states that I mentioned, and it's not a fair situation.

Go ahead. Let's -- let's go, Chuck.

Who is the consulting firm?

You spent $15 million a year on a consulting firm?

We just found another nugget of gold.

Sara doesn't care about that one, but that's a --  -- I care about. You spent $15 million to one consulting firm.

How many are there -- how many are there like that?

And they're paying tremendous amount of money?

Very -- they're very political people. You know this is a very political group of people you just named?

Not to me. Not to me, I don't care.  I don't care who they are, but they -- they are very political.

It's a racket.

No, it's a racket. Well, we just found that out.  No, it's a racket.

I mean -- I mean, I understand it. The four firms that you just mentioned that are paid tens of millions of dollars, they're very political firms. You know, they may be good, but they're very political firms. And they do it for much less much -- much, much, much less. You could give them half. You could give them 10 percent, they'd probably do it for. Those are big numbers for a consulting firm.

That's worse.

Tim, go ahead, please.

Congratulations.

Yeah.

No, that's right. And, by the way, in Kentucky, when we wanted to have a plant open with a lot of jobs, they didn't even want to consider it.

Do you think Joe Biden would do this?

He wouldn't know you're alive.

He doesn't know he's alive either.

No, can you imagine him sitting at this table right now? Wouldn't have a clue.

Okay. So go ahead, Tim.

Well, I'm honored that you're here. And you've done a fantastic job.

Yeah, well we're going to -- and we're going to get this finished too. So we'll get it finished, Sara.

Thank you very much, Tim.

Gene, please.

Incredible.

Very good. Right.

Well, good.

Good.

Very good. You're going to find a lot. And thank you very much, Gene.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Right, Stacy? Right? I like that. You like that?

Linda, please.

I love Alabama.

So that was like an ambition of yours to work someday for TVA?

And you finally got there?

So, what's happening?

All right. Yeah.

And you had to have these consulting firms making 10, 15 million dollars a year?

And the man that heads it making $8 million a year, right?

Go ahead.

Yeah.

Is that the way you view it: "given to somebody else"?

It's a very interesting way --

-- of viewing it, right?

Well, I've been hearing about it for a long time. When I was running, I met Sara, and we worked on the Disney situation --

-- but that was a long time ago. But -- and, you know, this has been happening for a while. So we're taking care of it.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Linda. We'll see what happens. You may be very pleasantly surprised. Okay?

Thank you.

Jonathan, please.

Thank you.

And that was a big deal, right?

Working -- because there's a great prestige to that.

That's true.

Are you there now? Are you --

What happens on September 1st?

And you train people to take your job?

So you've worked with people to take your job.

You've taught them, like, almost everything you know, but plenty, right?

Maybe not. Maybe you held back a couple of secrets.

Well, let's see how out it works out, Jonathan. I think you're going to be in very good shape. Okay? I have a prediction.

Thank you. Thank you, Jonathan.

Please.

Honored to have you.

And you see them going outside of the United States, not just here. You see them go --

Unbelievable. And they get us in many other ways too, but we're stopping it, as you noticed. That's very interesting.

So you would say France, India, Ireland, Canada. Who else?

A lot of them -- are a lot of the workers being outsourced --

You know, with TVA, more so than most companies. You're right -- you're talking about controlling all of that energy and power. It's -- you're right. You're right about that, Tim. That's a very good statement. Anything else?

It's my honor. It's my great honor. Do you know the man next to you is Ken Cuccinelli, a legend?

He's a legend in his own mind.

Ken -- Ken has done a fantastic job on the border. Unbelievable job on the border. And you might just tell us for a couple of seconds while we have the -- the media here -- I'm sure they'll report it very accurately -- how well we're doing on the border and then maybe get on to make a statement, because I know you've been working with Gene and everybody very hard.

That's right.

It used to take, in some cases, years. Years.

It's been incredible what's happened at the border. And I think the wall is helping you quite a bit, right? We have now about almost 271 miles of wall.

They had a human trafficker the other day saying that they used to go out and they're trafficking -- human traffic -- mostly women and children, but mostly women, and they'd bring them across the border, taped up and -- horrible.

And this guy was saying how they used to go up and they'd make a left turn. They'd make a right and then a left into the United States. He says, and now we just keep driving into this massive wall that nobody gets through. Nobody is getting through that wall. That wall is the real deal. And it's steel, concrete, and everything else. And lots of cameras all over it.

And drones on top of it. And people aren't getting through. But it's been an incredible, incredible success.

Yeah. And Mexico is helping us a lot. They have --

-- 27,000 soldiers.

It's what they say.

They have a very good President who was just here two weeks ago.

He's really doing a good job. And we have 27,000 Mexican soldiers guarding the border. And they don't play games. They don't play games. It's been pretty amazing. The numbers are way, way down. And we want people to come in, but they have to come in legally, and that's --

You're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much.

Appreciate it.

Okay, please. Go ahead. You can finish up.

Well, with our people running it, a very small chance, from what I understand.

Are the people that you're representing, are they -- because you represent a big group of people -- are they all nervous, like the folks at the table?

Like Wendy?

Tell them no. Tell them no, they're not next.

Okay? You can tell them. I think we can say that. So thank you very much.

So, right now, their mission is taking care of a lot of consultants and a lot of people and paying -- paying heads of this whole thing $8 million a year. And you'll find a lot of other things in there that are crazy.

What do the people of Tennessee think when they hear that the head of TVA -- which has been running for a long time -- and, in all fairness, not a very difficult thing; there are many people who can do it. What do they hear when they hear -- and they think of government, you know? It's sort of semi- -- I guess, you call it -- public-private. But there's not private, really, when you think of it. So, it's a board member.

What do they think when they hear that the head person is making $8 million a year? Which is, by the way, I said it before, the most highly paid person anywhere in any country if you call this government, which it sort of is. What do they think when they hear? Do they know he makes $8 million a year?

But people have known. I've known, actually, before the commercial because we were looking at it. We sent them notices a year ago and two years ago saying, "We want some information." And, you know, people have known this. I just can't even imagine that somebody gets paid $8 million a year.

It's the most sought-after job. It has to be the most sought-after job in any country in any government. Right, Tim? You'd take the job. Would you resign from Congress immediately?

You only need it for one year. You --

Tim would take it. That's -- he'll take it only --

Only for a year. You just need it for one year. That's right. Anyway.

Right.

I'll bet.

I even think they like your President -- your current President, anyway. I'm not sure about the past President.

"Trump." Yeah. No, they're great people. Say hello to them. Just say hello. They're great people.

Sara, why don't you just discuss it real quick, and you can maybe work with us in getting it all done very quickly. Okay?

Thank you.

Where you come up with the name "Slow Biden"? You know, so many people want me to use that term, and I say, "It's too mean; it's too nasty."

And you just come up with that term. And where did that come from? Is that the --

Your son? He's 11?

If he's 11, and he said he's slow and that he shouldn't be President --

Great job.

Oh, that's great.

That's very nice. Thank you, Sara. Very -- great job you're doing.

Good. Thank you.

Okay, Mike. Go ahead. We'll knock it out, Sara.

Thank you. So we're going to sign a little document now. Is that okay?

And it's very important one, aligning federal contractors and contracting and hiring practices with the interests of the American workers, which is very simple -- which actually just boils down to pretty much what we're talking about today. Okay?

Here, give that to Sara because she was there very early.

I have to give -- I have to give one to you. You got us moving here. That's good. Will you pass these around the table, Mike? We'll just pass them on that side. You'll pass them on this side. Everybody that doesn't get it --

So here we are.

Yeah, I'll get you one, Tim. Don't worry.

So, thank you very much everybody.

We're going to be -- we're going to be discussing, very shortly, a immigration bill, which covers this and many other things. It'll be a very, very comprehensive bill. That's a word that some people love and some people hate, but it'll be very comprehensive only in the sense that it'll cover just about everything.

It'll be based on merit. It will be -- it'll cover territory that nobody would have thought could have ever been agreed to. And I think it'll be bipartisan, in the sense that people are going to like a lot of the things that are in there. And probably some people won't; we're going to have that. And we'll probably do it maybe a little bit after our convention. We'll sign it after the convention.

Likewise, we're going to be doing a healthcare bill -- act -- and it'll be extremely comprehensive. It will cover a lot of things that nobody thought you would be able to get, and -- I mean, in a positive way. And I think it'll be very popular. And it will be a great thing for our country.

In addition, we have many other things. But immigration and healthcare -- it doesn't get much bigger than that. Immigration will be very merit-based, but it'll be -- it'll be great for the worker, and it'll be great for people coming into our country -- but coming into our country legally and loving our country and wanting to help our country, as opposed to people coming in and they don't like our country.

You see that, and you see that with certain of our politicians that ran for office. I say, "I don't think they like our country too much. All they do is complain." And you would never tell them to go back to their own country because that would be inappropriate, wouldn't it? But all they do is complain about our country, and their country is going to hell. So, you know, it's sort of an interesting phenomenon.

So the -- the merit-based immigration is going to be incredible, and the healthcare bill or act is going to be something that I don't think anybody in this country thought they'd ever see. And we've done much of that. If look at some of the legislation that we passed, Ken, I think you can say very strongly we've -- we've gotten things passed that nobody would be possible.

Whether it's Right to Try -- that's where you're terminally ill and you don't have a right to use our great medicines because they haven't been approved -- they're in a line of approval and it takes some time. We've cut the time in half, by the way, for approval by the FDA. But people are sick.

We have very promising drugs and they're not allowed to use them because -- I mean, they're terminally ill and they wouldn't let them use them because of liability and other things, but I got that taken care of. So, Right to Try was a very important one.

Getting Veterans Choice was so important -- having Veterans Choice. Nobody thought we could get that. Hasn't been done in 50 years. They haven't been able to get it. We got Veterans Choice. We got Veterans Accountability. Because we have so many other things. So many things.

And on the border, Ken, we've done things that nobody thought would have been possible. Right? Do you want to name a couple of them?

Great progress.

Nobody else could've gotten that done. Nobody. And we really thank Ken, but we thank a lot of people that came through.

By the way, some conservative -- very conservative really wanted it and some liberal wanted it. But we got criminal justice reform done. Nobody thought that was possible. The biggest beneficiary is African Americans and Hispanic Americans, I would say -- and Asian Americans -- the three, the groups.

But tremendous benefits and -- you know, it's really amazing. When we got that done, we had people supporting that that I would've never thought would've supported it. Not for bad reasons, but they would've never supported it, and they actually led the way. It's pretty incredible. Criminal justice reform was a big deal. You know that, Tim.

So -- and you were helpful actually, and I appreciate it. And thank you very much. Anybody have a question?

Go ahead.

Yeah.

I did.

Yeah.

Yeah. We had a great conversation. He called me to see whether or not -- how I felt about it. And I said, "Look, it can't be controlled, for security reasons, by China. Too big, too invasive, and it can't be." And here is the deal: I don't mind if -- whether it's Microsoft or somebody else -- a big company, a secure company, very -- a very American company buy it. It's probably easier to buy the whole thing than to buy 30 percent of it. Because they say, "How do you do 30 percent? Who's going to get the name?" The name is hot; the brand is hot. And who's going to get the name? How do you do that if it's owned by two different companies?

So my personal opinion was: You're probably better off buying the whole thing rather than buying 30 percent of it. I think buying 30 percent is complicated. And I suggested that he can go ahead. He can try. We set a date -- I set a date at around September 15th, at which point it's going to be out of business in the United States. But if somebody -- and whether it's Microsoft or somebody else -- buys it, that'll be interesting.

I did say that if you buy it, whatever the price is, that goes to whoever owns it. Because I guess it's China, essentially, but more than anything else. I said a very substantial portion of that price is going to have to come into the Treasury of the United States because we're making it possible for this deal to happen. Right now, they don't have any rights, unless we give it to them. So if we're going to give them the rights, then it has to come into -- it has to come into this country.

It's a little bit like the landlord/tenant: Without a lease, the tenant has nothing. So they pay what's called "key money," or they pay something. But the United States should be reimbursed or should be paid a substantial amount of money, because without the United States, they don't have anything -- at least having to do with the 30 percent.

So I told him that. I think we're going to have -- maybe a deal is going to be made. It's a great asset. It's a great asset. But it's not a great asset in the United States unless they have the approval of the United States. So it'll close down on September 15th, unless Microsoft or somebody else is able to buy it and work out a deal -- an appropriate deal. So the Treasury of the -- really, the Treasury, I guess you would say, of the United States gets a lot of money. A lot of money. Okay?

Well, I think we're doing a great job. I think we're doing great on vaccines. We're doing great on therapeutics. You'll be seeing that very soon. I think we're -- when you look at a map, this is a map of the -- I've got -- I sort of shown that around a little bit, but that's -- the red is the area of most concern.  Pretty recent map of the -- of the country. And there's a lot of -- a lot of people that -- in a lot of areas that have gotten very -- you know, better very fast.

Hydroxy has tremendous support, but politically, it's toxic because I supported it. If they would have said, "Do not use hydroxychloroquine under any circumstances," they would have come out and they would've said, "It's a great -- it's a great thing." Many doctors have come out strongly in favor of it. They want it very badly. It's a great malaria drug.

So, for many years --

Let me finish my -- let me finish my answer.

So for many years -- it's, I guess, 60 years it's been a malaria drug; very successful, as you know. And it's been also a drug for lupus. And it caused no trouble -- virtually nothing, in terms of causing people to get sick or having problems with anything. You add the zinc and you add the azithromycin -- the Z-Pak, as they call it -- and it's been very -- I happened to take it myself, the threesome.

I took it myself for a period of two weeks. I mean, I -- I had no problem. I had no problem whatsoever. And, importantly, I, you know, didn't test positive. That's very nice. Okay? I'm very happy about that negative.

And so -- so that's the story. It's -- it's very highly thought of. Interestingly, a great doctor, from what I understand -- a great doctor from Yale feels very strongly about hydroxychloroquine. The Ford Clinic in Michigan came out with a very, very powerful paper saying it's very good. Many other -- in France, as you know, they came out with a very positive statement. Many individual doctors have come out with very positive statements.

I will tell you that if I was surrounded by people, as I was at the time -- the reason I took it: You know, we had some people that were relatively near me that tested positive. And I took it for that reason, just because I've heard good things.

I don't agree with Fauci on everything.

I don't agree with Fauci. Look, Fauci didn't want -- and I -- I like him. I get along with him actually great. But he didn't want to ban people from China from coming into the country, and I overrode him and I did the right thing. He was saying face masks are no good a short while ago. So it doesn't mean he's a bad person, because he's not. He's a good person; I like him. But we -- we disagree on things. We disagree on things.

Now, I will say this: We've done an amazing job with ventilators. We're supplying the world with ventilators. Ventilators are very hard, very expensive, very hard to make, very complex. Very complicated machines. Very -- very expensive.

Hold it. Hold it.

Hold it.

Hold it.

Fake news CNN, hold it. We have done a great job in this country. We haven't been given -- and not me. I'm not talking about me. The Vice President, the task force have not been given the kind of credit.

If you look, countries all over the world are exploding right now -- people that you said were doing a wonderful job, so wonderful. But right now, take a look at the countries that are exploding: You have Italy back. You have Spain back. You have France back. You have Germany back. You have a lot of countries, and that's not to knock them.

It is a very delicate, very contagious disease. It was released by China. It should never have been allowed to release. There was the source where you could have stopped it. And they did stop it from going into China, although now they say that China is having a lot of problems. Moscow, in Russia, is having tremendous problems.

What China unleashed was a very, very sad situation. With all of that being understood, the United States has done an amazing job, a great job, and you're going to see that because we have vaccines and we have therapeutics coming very soon.

Yeah, go ahead.

I am. Oh, why? The fact that I'm not over there with Crazy Nancy? No, I'm totally involved.

I'm totally involved. And we're going to be doing some things that are very good, because we don't think that she -- look, what Chuck Schumer wants more than anybody -- and I would say Nancy Pelosi would be second -- they want to bail out cities and states that have done a bad job over a long period of time. Nothing to do with coronavirus or China virus, or whatever you want to call it.

They want to bail out cities and states. They want bailout money. They want to trillion dollars in bailout money, and a lot of people don't want to do that because we don't think it's right. The Democrats have run some very bad states and some very, very bad cities, and a lot of people don't want to give them a trillion dollars to reward them for doing a bad job.

If you look at some of the states -- I won't insult anybody by naming those states, but you know what they are. They want bailout money. They're not interested in the people. They're not interested in unemployment. They're not interested in evictions, which is a big deal -- the evictions. They want to evict. A lot of people are going to be evicted, but I'm going to stop it because I'll do it myself if I have to. I have a lot of powers with respect to executive orders, and we're looking at that very seriously right now.

But what the Democrats want, they want -- they're slow-rolling it, and all they're really interested in is bailout money to bail out radical-left governors and radical-left mayors, like in Portland and places that are so badly run. Chicago, New York City -- you see what's going on over there. Bailout cities and states who have been poorly run and spent a fortune doing it, they want a trillion dollars, and we're really not interested in that.

Okay, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Jim, very much. Thank you.