Sit down, please. We have some real champions here, and one I heard in particular, I don't know, I saw a very fast knockout not so long ago.  Where is Jorge? Where is Jorge? I don't want to fight with him. Where is he? Where is he? Stand up, Jorge. Stand up. There he is. That's how fast his knock out.

He was fighting this young superstar who was going to be great. Right? They would tell me how great he is. Man, I mean, I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings, but he was supposed to be the future of the UFC, but he had to go through this guy right here. Didn't work out too well, did it, Jorge? What a champion you are.

Thank you. That was the fastest -- What was it, about a second, two seconds? You ran across the ring, and the guy was gone, and that was the end of it. Did they have to pay you for that evening or not? Because one second is not -- That's a good return. Great. Great to have you a big fan. Thank you, man.

Thanks. Great. So I'm thrilled to be back at Doral. I never knew I was going to even see it again. This is nice. I bought it before I became president, and I had no intention of being president. I was enjoying my life. I had a great life, like Jorge has. Just keep winning though, Jorge. It's important.

But I will say, I will say, and then I said, "Let's do this." And I said, "I have all these great places. I don't know if I'll ever see him again," but we have these beautiful ballrooms, and it works out well. It can even hold all of that media back there. That's a lot of people this early in the morning, but it's about Hispanics and the relationship that we have.

We have an incredible relationship, and you've seen the polls. The polls are having me up over a Democrat, which is, I think, unheard of, and I don't think it's going to be unheard of anymore.

Thank you. Thank you. And we recently were in Arizona. We got a reception. It was incredible, but literally, I mean, we are doing better than the opposition. Now, the opposition has not been good to Hispanics at all. He's been very bad to Hispanics, and we'll go into that, and we'll do some questions later.

We'll have a little fun, but I'm very happy to be back at Doral. It's great. It's a good location, right?

Very good location. And at least I see my properties, even if for just a short period of time, but I really appreciate you all being here, and you're all champions. They're all champions, Jorge. These are great people. In Arizona, I was with a man -- you know him -- the owner of the Los Angeles Angels, and he's done such a fantastic job.

He's been so nice, and I didn't recognize him. And then I said, "Haven't I seen you in sports?" "Oh, on the Angels?" And he stood up. He made just a very inspiring speech, and he's done such a great job for -- And I guess from Mexico, right? He's from Mexico. What a job is done with the team, and he signed Albert Pujols.

He's got a Trout, I guess, who's considered -- I don't get to watch too much baseball anymore, unfortunately, but he's considered the best player in baseball, and so it's really the success of the Hispanics. They call them Latinos sometimes, Hispanic sometimes, and sometimes you can call them both. They don't really care, I figure.

After about five years, I figured out that they don't really care. Just call us one of those two, and we're okay. But the success has been incredible, great business people, but I'm thrilled to be back at Doral with so many patriotic Americans who are part of a extraordinary national movement, and that's Latinos for Trump.

And we're joined by Republican Party Chair, Joe Gruters. Where's Joe, Joe, Joe? Joe, thank you, Joe. Great, Joe. Great job. How are we doing?

Well, they had a poll that I never did well in. It's the ABC Washington Post poll. They had me down four years ago 12 points with a week and a half to go, and we complained. And then by the election, they had me almost even, and I said, "That was quick." We complained very loudly, right? But I've never done well on that poll, and they have us up four in Florida.

But it seems to be going well from what I hear. That's great. Yeah, it should be going well. If you don't do a good job, you will be fired so fast, your head will spin. Yeah, I think we're going to win it big. It just feels really good, but Hispanic Americans have been incredible. We have one right here that he gave a very inspiring speech.

Where's Max, Max Alvarez? He really took the house down at the Republican National Convention but really at the round-table a few weeks ago. You were at the round table, right? We were there with all those great people, but I want to thank you. He's a tremendous success. In fact, they used to say he's the richest Hispanic in Florida.

I don't know if that's true or not, but he started off with $2, and I know he's rich as hell, so that's okay, but Max Alvarez, thank you very much, Max. We appreciate it. Appreciate it. Hispanic Americans enrich our nation beyond measure. Look at them. What a job. Hispanic Americans enrich our nation beyond measure.

They champion our shared values and embody the American dream. That's what it is. I mean, this guy was a fighter on the street. He used to beat up people. Your route is much different. I know your story. Actually, for what you do, it's sort of cool. For other people, it wouldn't be so good, but he used to beat up people, and somebody said, "Hey, come on to the gym.

Let's see if you're so good." And then he goes into the gym, and guys who are fighting for a long time, he beat the hell out of him. They said, "I think he's going to be a good fighter," and they were right. But these are all different stories, right? All different stories. Whatever it takes, Jorge, right?

Whatever it takes. But Joe Biden has spent 47 years selling out to the different interests in Washington. It's really sad. He sold out the Hispanic American community, sending your jobs to China, making your communities less safe, attacking your religious values and trapping countless children in failing government schools.

He doesn't like charter schools. He doesn't like choice, and choice is a very important thing for education, but he can't do that. It's just against the radical left. The radical left can't have it, and you know about the radical left. Almost more than any people, you know about the radical left. You've gotten some pretty big examples, and you're not going to be there, and I think that's one of the reasons we're doing so well with Hispanics.

Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic Americans, and I'm fighting for you, and we're fighting like never before. We can't let anything happen. I think this will go down, and I think right now, people are saying, it's the most important election in the history of our country because they are stone cold crazy, what they'll do to our country.

You see it on the streets. You see it with the riots all the time, and we don't have that in Republican states and cities. You don't have that. This is endemic to the Democrats, and no bail, no this, no that, weakness all over the place, and they take advantage. And that's the way it is, and it's a very sad thing.

We go in. We went into Minneapolis. We saved it. We went in. They knew we were coming into Seattle. We were going in the next day, and they just raised up their hand, and they left. But this is after weeks and weeks. We have to be asked by the governors, which in all cases are Democrats, in all cases. Top 10 cities, Democrat, for danger.

You look at what's gone on in Chicago. You look at what's happened in New York now in a short period of time. I love New York, and you look at what they've done, the Democrats and what they've done, to destroy it. They have some categories of crime up 160 percent. One was up 300 percent. This all happened in a short period of time.

We want to draft Rudy Giuliani. Let's draft Rudy. But he betrayed the Hispanic Americans. Prior to the China virus, the plague that came in from China, we achieved the lowest Hispanic American unemployment rate in the history of our country . It was six months ago. We're building it up again.

Make America great again. We say now, make America great again again. Make America great again again, because we did it. Now I have to do it again. I thought that was done. I thought this was going to be easy. This was going to be a very easy election. I still think it is. I think there's a spirit out there that I've never seen, even far beyond what it was four years ago.

It's incredible. I . More than 1.5 million Hispanic Americans were lifted out of poverty during this short period of time. Think of that: 1.5 million lifted out of poverty. That's a record. Hispanic American home ownership and household income reached all time highs, records, all records. Everything was a record.

And if you look at the numbers, if you look at what's happening, it's happening again. We're in a V. It's going to be very big. Third quarter numbers will be announced before the election, and I think they're going to be great. They're going to be great. I think that GDP is going to -- I mean, estimates are from -- I heard one from 23 percent to 35 percent, and any one of them would be an all time record worldwide, but that's what the predictions are.

Let's see what it is, but it'll come out two days, three days, before the election, which I'm very happy about. We built the greatest economy in history, and now we're doing it again. In the past four months, we added 3.3 million Hispanic American jobs. That's a record also, another record. Joe Biden would terminate our recovery with a crippling nationwide shutdown and a $4 trillion tax hike.

He's looking to raise your taxes very substantially. Max, I'm not sure if you like that. You'll have to close a few of the gas stations maybe. You'll only have 200 instead of 204, but you don't want to hear about tax hikes, because it'll crush everything that we've built. You can't do it, and they're looking for the biggest text in the history of our country.

He'll lay waste to Florida's economy, just like he ruined Puerto Rico's economy. In the Senate in 1996, Biden voted for a tax bill that obliterated Puerto Rico's thriving pharmaceutical industry --  That was Joe Biden that did that. I didn't do it. Joe Biden did that. Sleepy Joe. He's a sleepy guy and sent thousands of jobs to China.

A lot of those jobs went to China. That's what happened. They ended the tax bill. You're nodding, and you understand exactly. They just cut it, and that was Biden and his friends. I will reverse Biden's catastrophic decision, and we'll bring those jobs back to Puerto Rico. That's going to be happening. I mean, honestly, Puerto Rico -- Because you've seen what happens.

It's a little bit like habit. They vote for Democrats, but it's a mistake, and it's changed with most Hispanics. I just got the Bay of Pigs award, and I've gotten it twice now, twice, and I got the total endorsement of the Cuban population, as you know. They were up two days ago in the White House, and they gave us the endorsement, so we're doing great with that.

But we also announced for Puerto Rico $13 billion in historic disaster relief fund, so this is done by Trump. This is not done by the Democrats, but you have to explain that. And especially to those in the Puerto Rican community living in Florida, we have to explain that to them, because if I don't get elected, you're not doing anything with the pharmaceuticals again.

They haven't even talked about it. They haven't thought about it, so you'll explain that. Biden opposes school choice. He vows to ban charter schools, and he opposes Florida's tax credit scholarship program, which is a big deal. In a second term, I'll provide school choice to every family in America. We'll have unlimited school choice.

It's already happening. Many Latino and Hispanic Americans came here to pursue the American dream, having left countries that they just felt was very, very unsafe. And it's a very similar ideology. If you look at Venezuela, you look at what's going on there, and you'll see some interesting things happening there.

You look at that, and you look at what's going on in other countries -- some of you are from those other countries, and you got lucky to get out -- but it's the same kind of thing that you'd see happen here if -- I'll tell you what. I'm like a wall. You know we're building the wall on the southern border.

It's almost complete, but I'm like a wall between the American dream -- I'll say this, because it sounds nice, but it's true. I think Max would agree with it -- Between the American dream, I'm a wall, between the American dream and chaos and a horror show, a horror show. It would be very bad. It would be very bad.

Many Latino and Hispanic Americans came here to pursue the American dream, having left countries that, really, had a very, very unruly group of people. We're throwing out MS-13 all the time. The only ones not afraid is that guy right there. He wouldn't be afraid of MS-13. He's the only guy in the room, but they're rough.

They're bad, and they're bad people. He's a great person. They're bad people, and we throw thousands and thousands out of our country. And if we didn't have ICE on these people, we would be living in real fear and real problems. And the funny thing about the southern border, the wall, safety, the people that understand the border better than anybody are the Hispanics.

I have had more support when we built the wall, because they don't want bad people coming into our country. They don't want people coming into the country that are going to take their jobs, and they understand it better, and I always thought it would be the opposite in a way. They understand what we've done on the border.

We have stopped it, and you can come into the country, but you have to come in legally. It's an incredible thing that's taken place over the last couple of years. So Biden's a weak guy, I think. We have a debate coming up. It'll be interesting. It's like going into a match, same kind of thing, a little bit less physical, slightly, but to win matches, you need that up here.

I don't care how tough you are. He has guys that are so strong, you can't even believe it, but this wins probably -- It's 50 percent of it, but I don't know. What percentage would you -- Well, you got to have this too, but the head is what?  What's the percent?

80? Okay, I'll go with 80. That's a lot. It's a lot, but it's true. I've seen it. You have guys that you know that if they had the right up here, they would be unbeatable. Is that right? Unbeatable. But it's great that it's that way, isn't it? It's really great. When he was vice president, he met with Venezuelan dictator Maduro and showered him -- Well, that seemed to hit the right -- But Biden met with Maduro.

He showered with compliments, imposed the toughest ever sanctions, and just, really, what he's done to us is just incredible. He's taken everything. I put sanctions on the likes of which they've never seen, and I'll tell you what. Whether it's Iran, or whether it's Venezuela -- And they already want to talk.

Everybody wants to talk, but I want to wait until after the election, because I say, "Wait." And a year ago, I said, "You have a choice. We can talk now, or we can talk after the election, but after the election, it's going to be a -- " Now or we can talk after the election, but after the election it's going to be a much tougher deal.

And Cuba's doing very, very badly. Cuba's doing very badly. That island is, they want to do something, but I'm not doing anything unless I speak with my friends who came up to the White House because they know exactly what they want to do. You have to have freedom. You have to have freedom and we're going to do that.

We're in a very good position. But Biden met with Madero, and it was all just lovey-dovey and nothing happened, and I imposed the toughest sanctions ever imposed in Latin America. As Senator Biden voted five times to cut funding to freedom fighters in Nicaragua. Anybody here involved with Nicaragua? Yes.

He protected the Ortega regime, and we've sanctioned them and it's done a real, I'll tell you what, we've done a real job. All of these countries are going to come, we're going to make wonderful deals, but we have to wait till after the election. I told him, I said, " I want to win." Now their dream, whether it's China, Russia, you see the stuff that just came out on Russia?

So, we caught them cold  we caught them cold. It was a whole conspiracy, and it was the worst thing anyone's ever seen. It was a take down, and we caught them cold. It was all the opposite. They were the ones conspired. They got caught. Let's see what happens. Let's see what happens. We went through three years of crap.

Let's see what happens now. They got caught. Did you see where they were buying insurance policies because they were afraid they were going to get caught? So they were buying insurance policies, FBI agents buying insurance policies for themselves, because they were starting to think, " This is really bad.

We're going to get caught." I mean, it's not even believable, and there's more coming out. There's more coming out. It's getting deeper and worse and worse. And it was spying on the campaign, but that was the beginning. Then it was a coup, and you never think of this country as a coup. You think of certain South American countries as a coup, but we have them cold.

And then it's an amazing thing that happened. And if the fake news would actually report it properly, it would be incredible. But they don't even have to report although I have to tell you CBS did an incredible piece last night. That was an incredible piece. But we got them, we caught them. And it's a terrible thing for our country.

And it was so dishonest and it was exactly the opposite, it was the exact opposite. And they did deal with Russia, in fact, if you look at it, Joe Biden's son, where's Hunter? His official name is where's Hunter? He got three and a half million dollars from the wife of the mayor of Moscow, think of that, three and a half million.

His son got three and a half million dollars. And he had nothing until Joe became vice-president. He goes, why? Why? We're still trying to figure that one out. We'll figure -- You must be from Cuba. Why? But we'll figure it out. We're going to get him. But no, it's a big story, it's a tremendous story. And on the internet it's the biggest thing, it's taken over the internet.

Nobody can even believe it. It would be great if the main stream media would do something about it, but they tend not to. But again, I want to commend Katherine Harris of CBS, she did an incredible piece on this. Can't believe it. The last administration also surrendered to the Narco terrorists of Colombia.

Anybody from Colombia? Well, you know what's going on there, right? You know what's going on there. Joe Biden even received the endorsement of Colombian socialist, Gustavo Pedro. Not good, right? Not a good endorsement. A former member of M-19 guerrilla organization, right? No good, right? Good, he knows.

Under my administration we work with our Colombian partners to stabilize the regions, which we've largely done and launched a historic naval operation against the drug traffickers. And have taken in tons and tons of really bad stuff. The Obama, Biden administrations horrendous Cuba policy betrayed the Cuban people.

And enriched Castro's regime. I ended that and as you know, we ended it very strongly. We ended it. And we stand with every citizen of Cuba, Nicaragua, Venezuela in their fight for freedom. This location is called, Little Venezuela, did you know that? There's so many Venezuelans and they love me because I did a great job with this place.

They liked me before already. This is Little Venezuela, it has a tremendous Venezuelan population in the Dural section of Miami. And if you put up a house for sale, they say that if it takes more than two days to sell, you're doing something wrong. No, it's true. It's just a great location and incredible neighbors, incredible people.

And I've gotten to know them really well because of this and they're great. And it's going to work out very well. So we've achieved more, I've achieved more for the Hispanic Americans. And think of it, I've achieved more for Hispanic Americans in 47 months, than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years. I've been here for 47 months.

It's amazing, 47, 47 but he's been doing it for 47 years. I always get a kick, I see him, "Well, we should do this. And we should do that." I said, "You've been doing this for 47 years, and now you're going to do it?" And he's not exactly primetime, little like a fighter. Someday I'm going to say, "You know, you got to take it easy now, little guy." Right now he's prime time but there'll be a time, it happens.

This is not prime time for Joe. He never had too much of a prime time. But I will say this 47 months and 47 years, it's true, we've done more. So what we're going to do now, we're going to go around the table a little bit to say a few words. Maybe we can take some questions from the audience if we can, we'll do it fast.

If we go fast, we can take a couple of questions from them. And it's really great to be here with you. And I appreciate your support. Great to be with you. Okay. Why don't we start right there? Go ahead, we'll go fast and we'll take a couple of questions.

Good morning, hi.

I know that, that's true.

Right. So those tax cuts that help so many businesses, including small businesses, they will be gone if Biden gets it, you know they're going to wipe you out. So just remember that. And it won't be the same. You'll be losing a lot of jobs. So, that's the way it works, it's unfortunate. Thank you. Great job, appreciate it.

Please.

That's right.

Wow.

Great job, thank you. Great job, thank you very much. Please. Great job. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I used to say, and I meant it, but I didn't know it had such meaning, that we could be a Venezuela too. Venezuela 15 years ago, was a very wealthy country and a very, very wealthy country, prosperous, talked about all over the world, one of the wealthiest and just looked like it had a tremendous future.

And then all of a sudden, they went with a different ideology and right, now we send water, we send food, they don't have anything. They don't have medicine, they don't have -- they literally don't have water and they have oil, so it's not just the oil. I mean, they haven't done anything right with the oil.

They don't know what is happening in that country. That country is a total disaster. It could happen. It could happen, because if you look at some of these people that you see with the storefronts and breaking down and the riots and everything that's going on, it's the same ideology. That's what happened with the Venezuela.

One day it was gone, it was just gone. And so, it could happen here. This would be a Venezuela on a major steroid. Okay, this would be a Venezuela, that would be a very large version of it, but it could happen. And a year ago, I started saying that two years ago, it could happen because I'd see the thinking.

I'd see some of this thinking and I say, "That could actually happen. That could actually happen." But we're not going to let it happen. Doesn't happen, with me it doesn't happen. You put the wrong people in office, it could happen. It could happen rapidly. Okay, let's go. Claudia.

Good.

Well, a very big thing, because you mentioned it, but we terminated one of the worst trade deals ever made anywhere, I guess, NAFTA. And we now have USMCA, Mexico, Canada. And it's a fantastic deal, you'll see that. It just kicked in and everyone said that couldn't be done, there's no way to get rid of the NAFTA deal.

It was a terrible deal. We lost so much business to Mexico and so much business to Canada. And I was able to get that done. We got it actually passed and it's, USMCA is now the deal and it's great for our country and it's going to keep our businesses in our country. And it was a great achievement. Please go ahead.

Great.

Thank you. That's great.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Congratulations. It's a beautiful job and the restaurant will be open and you'll be very successful with it, very soon. It's coming back very rapidly. Thank you very much.

Okay, please.

Nice to see you.

Thank you. Great job.

We'll take care of it. Thank you very much. Great job.

Thank you. Thank you. Great job.

So four years ago, we were elected. I didn't think it was a surprise because I saw the crowds. I saw the spirit. We had tremendous spirit, incredible spirit, actually. And it was something special. That was the most exciting night, that beautiful November evening, right? And I actually think now, and I used to say, "Well, that was really important," but this one's going to be equal.

It's really not. This is going to be a more important election. And I think it's going to be an even bigger victory. And when we're talking about bringing the country together and we were doing that because people were calling, we were so successful. I mean, even now you have all these records for Hispanic Americans, Latinos, all records.

We have tremendous records, but just before the plague came in from China, they should have stopped it. They should have stopped it, but just before it came in, people were calling me. Democrats were calling. They wanted to get together. It was happening because we had the best job numbers. We had the best businesses.

We had the best everything. We've rebuilt our military. By the way, our vets are in great shape. Now our vets are fantastic. So we did things that nobody ever thought were possible. And dd it pretty quickly over a period of three years and nobody's done what we've done in three years, three and a half years.

But then the plague came in and we had to close it up and we had to rebuild it and we saved millions of lives by closing it, but now we're rebuilding it. It's going much faster than before, but I can tell you, it was all coming together. People say, "How do you get them together?" I said, "Success." We were there.

It was all happening. And then China's sent us the plague, but it was all happening. And now it's happening again. And that's exactly what we're doing, but I just want to thank this community. I want to thank so many of the champions. You have some great, great people out in the audience, friends of mine, a lot of friends of mine.

And somebody I have great respect for, because I respect when somebody is the best at what they do. I want to thank Jorge Masvidal . When is your next fight Jorge? Your next fight is a biggie, when is that?

We're working. Get plenty of money. Okay, get plenty of money, but definitely have it because I want to watch it, okay. We'll be watching, we'll be rooting for you. But thank you for being here Jorge. You're really a great champ. You're great at what you do and it's right up here too. Don't let anyone ever think it isn't. But I want to thank everybody for being here, and Max, thank you very much.

Great job you've done. Great job. We will go on. We're going to win. We're going to have four great years. I think it's going to be. I think next year is going to be one of the best years we've ever had. And I will never forget our Hispanic American community. It's just been with me even even four years ago it was.

We did very well and with the Cubans, we were in 90%. I don't know, is it possible to be at 100%? But we've always done well, but now it's really reached a new level. I will never forget you. And I want to thank you all for being here. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.