Well, thank you very much. It's a great pleasure to meet with the leaders of the Los Angeles 2028 Olympic Committee. They've done a fantastic job in bringing the Olympics here. They called me when I was President-elect. Casey, that was quite a call.

And they asked me if I could get involved because the other administration refused to call the Olympic Committee, which is the one in -- the people that make the decision. So it was a little hard for them to make a decision. And I did make the call, and -- it was a very long call. They were starving for love, and we gave them the love.

And, Casey, you and everybody else have done a fantastic job. We got the Olympics to come to Los Angeles. And that was a big moment, and we knew it right away. They really -- they were fantastic people that I dealt with. But because of your dedication and hard work, the United States will once again proudly host the Olympic Games.

How exciting is that? I want to thank the CEO of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Committee, Sarah Hirshland. Thank you very much. Fantastic job.

As well as all the terrific leadership of the LA 2028, Executive Chairperson Casey Wasserman. And, Casey, really a fantastic job right from the beginning.

You were there right at the beginning.  The Chief Operating Officer, John Harper, and also Danny Koblin. Thank you very much, fellas. Great, great job. Appreciate it. And Senior Advisors Dean Christopher and Doug Arnot. We're grateful. Thank you, fellas, very much. We're grateful to be joined by Secretary Mnuchin, Acting Secretary Wolf, Leader Kevin McCarthy, who has been incredible in so many different ways.

The job he's done is just outstanding. He'll soon be Speaker of the House and we look forward to that. I'm quite sure about that. I don't know, the odds are probably about 35 to 40 percent. I would say 80 to 90 percent. Where is Kevin? Congratulations.

Although, let me congratulate you after the fact.  And also a friend of mine and tremendous guy and a great senator, somebody who loves our country dearly: Senator Lindsey Graham. Thank you, Lindsey, for coming.

I appreciate it. From the day I took office, I've done everything in my power to make sure that LA achieved the winning bid. Now, for the third time in history, the city of Los Angeles -- the "City of Angels" -- will once again raise up the Olympic Torch and welcome the world's greatest competitors to the Summer Games.

How exciting. The United States has won more Olympic medals than any other nation. That's good. By far? By a lot? Or just by a little tiny bit?

By a lot.  That's good. And let's keep it that way. And we'll never stop our relentless pursuit of excellence. I'm confident that Team USA will build on the winning tradition in Tokyo later this year and in Paris in 2024, and then in Los Angeles in 2028. I hope you remember me in 2028. Okay?

Do you promise, Casey? Or will you --

At least give me a seat, okay?

If you don't mind.  These games will also be a major economic victory. The 2028 Olympics will create 112,000 jobs and add $18 billion to our economy, at least, including $7 billion in wages for American workers. The LA Olympic Committee is accomplishing all of this at no cost to the American taxpayer.

They've raised a lot of money and they're utilizing stadiums that are world class, that are already built. Something nice about not having to build a lot of things. But they're doing a fantastic job. I'll now sign a document pledging the federal government's total support of LA in hosting the 2028 Olympics.

And as soon as I sign, I'm going to ask Chad Wolf to say a few words. He's done a fantastic job as head of Homeland Security. So we're going to sign this right now. And this is a big deal, isn't it? Huh?

It's a big deal.  So because you were here right at the beginning when I made that very important call, I think you should get that, right? What do you think, Sarah? Don't you agree?

Good. Let's go. Let's get this out here. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Congratulations, Casey.

Please, Chad.

Great job. Thank you very much, Chad. I appreciate it. Casey, would you like to say a few words, please?

Thank you.

Thank you.

Good. Thank you very much.

Sarah, please.

Well, thank you. And good luck in the upcoming event.

That will be very exciting. Lindsey, would you like to say a few words?

You never know. With Lindsey, you never know.

You never know. Thanks, Lindsey. And, Kevin, you love this state a lot.

And I think it's very important that you say something. Please.

That's true, actually. Yeah.

That's great. Fellas, would you like to say something? You've been very instrumental. We appreciate it. Would you like to say something?

Good. It'll be fantastic. It'll be really fantastic.

Thank you.

Right. We're going to give it the A-plus effort and we will do a great job. Please.

Exciting.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Well, we're all going to do a great job. And we appreciate it, and we appreciate your work. Not easy. Right? Not easy at all. Thank you all very much. Very exciting.

I might. We were invited. I was invited by Prime Minister Abe, and we'll make that determination. We haven't made it yet, but we might. We're going to try, if we can. Thank you.

Well, we had no role, but we're really taking a role in it. I see it. I see what's happening to LA. I see what's happening to San Francisco. I see what's happening to some great cities. And I've said to my people: Whether they like it not, we're going to have to do something. So we're, right now, working in LA. They're also contacting San Francisco.

They have to clean it up. You have needles. You have things that we don't want to discuss all over the streets, flowing into the oceans. And you have beaches, and it shouldn't happen. And if they can't do it themselves, we're going to do it. The federal government is going to take it over and we're going to do it. So we're working right now with LA in particular, I would say, and the others are also sort of wanting to work along with us. But it's -- it's not thinkable what they've allowed to happen to these cities.

Incredible.

Well, I think it's terrible. I think sanctuary cities, as you know, are very dangerous. You just look at some of the horrific crimes that are committed. That wouldn't happen if you didn't have sanctuary for criminals. And with LA, San Francisco, and other places -- but they have one thing in common: the leadership.

There's no reason that this should have ever happened -- our greatest cities. And number one, you look at the homeless and how horrible a situation that is. But also, look what it's doing to your cities. It's so disgraceful. These are cities that 10 years ago were the most beautiful cities, and now people walk away and leave, and they just say horrible things.

Can't let that happen. So if they don't get it cleaned up fast, we're going to come in and do it.

Well, I think with Casey and with Sarah and all of the people, I think they're going to do a great show. And with Chad and -- you know, Steve lives in this town. Steve Mnuchin, the Secretary of Treasury, he lives here. And everybody is going to be working on it very hard. We're going to -- you know we're starting working now.

It's a long time; it's eight years. But we're really starting right now. And it's going to be a fantastic show. It'll be -- I really believe it has a chance to be the best. And the Olympic Committee really wanted to come here. They just wanted some support, and they were not getting it at all from the past administration.

We're going to give them tremendous support. You need the support of the federal government to make it really work. And we have it. It's going to be a fantastic Olympics. Okay? Thank you all very much.