Well, thank you very much. We're here with the leaders of the restaurant industry. It's an industry that's been tremendously impacted by what's happening with COVID, and it's an industry that we're working very hard with and on. We're looking at doing deductibility so that a corporation can use a restaurant or entertainment clubs, et cetera, and get deductibility. I think that'll really have a big impact. Steve can maybe talk about it -- Steve Mnuchin.

But I'd like to have some of these leaders talk about -- real quickly -- about their company and the industry and any ideas they have, and I think we can do it in front of the media for a little while, and then we can answer a couple of questions, and we're going to get back to business. Okay?

Please.

Well, thank you. That's a lot. Ten thousand restaurants. And some big -- that's some big group and a good group, too. I know -- I know your chains, and I know a lot about your company. It's a great company. So you'll be back very soon, I have no doubt about it. And some of the things you mentioned, we'll be talking about.

I do want to say before we go further: So this was a very big day therapeutically, cure-wise, and vaccine-wise. Tremendous progress has been made, as I've been saying for two weeks, because I've been seeing what's going on and, I think, spearheading it largely. And this was a very, very -- some big announcements are -- are coming and have just come out, and the market is up almost 1,000 points. You'll check your market, your -- I'm sure you did before you walked in the room, but I imagine your company is doing better today than it was a week ago, right?

Yeah. Okay, good. So what we have is big announcements coming, big announcements have already come, and tremendous progress has been made -- therapeutically, cure-wise, and also, obviously, vaccine. To me, thera- -- therapeutically and cure is more important than vaccine because it's immediate. And if we have something -- even people that are very sick right now, we try and expedite everything so it goes really quickly -- really, really quickly. Like, "Let's get it going, immediately."

So if you have somebody that's not going to make it, if you have somebody that's going to pass away, going to die, and if we have something that we think works, we want to get them immediately into those hospitals or wherever the people are located. So that's being talked about also with the FDA, with Dr. Stephen Hahn, who's doing a fantastic job. And so we're trying to expedite things,

But very importantly, just overall, what big news it is, medically. We are so far ahead of where you would normally be, just from a logistical standpoint.

And that's the other thing: We're also gearing up and close to geared up because we have tremendous people in the military. So they'll be able to deliver service very rapidly.

So, a lot of good things are happening, and let's see what happens in the very near future.

Steve, do you have anything to say?

Good. Thank you very much. How are you doing on deductibility, Steve? How's that going? Good? Good.

Please.

Yeah. Right.

Yeah. Well, my news negates what you just said because you would -- you would be back into business like you had it.

No seats lost, et cetera, et cetera. So we'll see what happens, but it certainly negates it. Yeah.

So your area was amazing because it was hit hard, but it was very late. We didn't think it was going to be hit at all, and then all of a sudden, it spiked up after you had a certain event. And who knows what caused it, but maybe it was that.

And then it -- it's doing incredibly well right now. It's really down at a low number.

I agree.

No.

You got to get 100 percent, okay?

We've got to get up, and it's -- I hope it's going to be up very fast. I hope the governor does that pretty quickly. Let's see how it goes. A lot has to do with what I said in my opening remarks.

Ivanka, do you have anything to say? I know you like this industry.

So, the feedback has been tremendously helpful. The Secretaries made some changes in the guidance and to -- of course, in forming new policy as we come out of this.

But we really appreciate your being here, and we thank you for the feedback.

Thank you, honey.

Thank you, Will, very much.

Okay. Thank you very much, Will. Appreciate it.

Larry, please.

I think so, Larry, maybe much more than people understand. And you're starting to see that. Going to come back strong.

Please.

How many -- how many restaurants?

That's fantastic. Wow.

If we get deductibility, you'll do better than you did two months ago.

That's my opinion.

Please, go ahead, Kevin. Give it -- let us -- let us know what's going to happen.

Yep. There's a tremendous demand -- tremendous pent-up demand. It's true.

Don't forget, we turned it off artificially. You know, it was just stopped. We went from the greatest economy in history, of any country, to, "We have to stop." And we saved, by doing that, millions of lives. We saved hundreds of thousands, but probably millions of lives. And we did the right thing.

And now we have to open, and now we're going to do great. And if we -- if this comes along, what we're hearing medically from these great companies, these great geniuses, if this happens, that's really -- that's really going to be something.

So, great job. Thank you.

Please.

So how much -- how much time do you want?

How about 30 weeks?

How about -- how about 75 weeks?

I know a couple of you -- you'll never stop. Right?  I know a couple of guys in this room.

No, I understand. So you think it needs to be what? What would you say would be a minimum length?

How much?

Is that -- what were you going to say in terms of timing?

Is that the -- no, is the term --

-- more or less the term you're thinking about?

What's more important: that or deductibility?

Really?

Does anybody disagree with that? Because I think deductibility is the biggest thing you can possibly do.

Does anybody --

All right. But you're pretty unified on the number 24. Right?

Okay. Go ahead, please.

Okay.

Got it.

Is that correct? Does everybody agree with that?

And what about the payroll tax, by the way? How do you feel about that? Is that a big deal?

And how does that compare with what we're talking about with the time period -- payroll tax?

But?

So the PPP was really a big deal, wasn't it?

So we hit it right. When we did it, we hit it right. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you.

Great.

So you got down by 50 percent or more than that?

That's not bad.

Good.

Good. But -- so you got -- maximum, though -- 50 percent of revenue lost. How'd you keep the other 50 percent?

Right.

You did very well.

That's great. Great job. Go ahead.

Great.

Would you ever keep the plex- -- plexiglass barriers?

No, I mean, on a permanent basis, I'm talking about.

Right. But could you see that being permanent? Because, hopefully, you're not going to have it that long, by the way -- nine months. But would you see a thing like that -- you'd have to build a nicer version of it, you know, as opposed to quickly throwing it up. But would you see something like that being permanent possibly?

You'd rather not have it?

I agree.

I agree.

Okay.

Good.

Steve, does that make sense from our standpoint? What do you think?

The Democrats don't want to give you lia- -- the liability provisions. They just don't want to have that. And it's crazy that they don't. But the Democrats do not want to give that to people, and that's not a good thing.

But we'll get it anyway. Go ahead.

And that -- the problem there is the states have old equipment, in many cases, and they're unable to get the money -- you know, we gave the money out immediately. But the states are unab- -- some states are unable to give it out. They have 40-year-old equipment.

And some states are unable to get their act together. But we gave that out long ago, as you probably know.

Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.

Brooke, would you like to say a few words?

Thank you very much, Brooke. Great job.

What would've happened if you didn't have PPP?

Would you have survived it? Would you have gotten by?

That should be easy, Steve, honestly.

Right?

That should be easy. Okay?

That's like one of the easiest requests I've ever heard, Larry.

I think you will. How many restaurants are there total -- everything -- in the United States? How many are there?

How much?

Six hundred fifty thousand restaurants. Who would --

Who would think that's -- 11 percent of the overall? Six hundred and fifty thousand restaurants. Who would ever think that's possible even, right? That's good. And it's been a great business over the years, and it'll be better than ever.

That's fantastic. Yeah, no, it's -- I think deductibility gets that. Actually, I think you'll --

-- you'll go up very substantially. They got rid of a lot of restaurants when they ended that. People don't realize that. Then you get used to it. You had fewer restaurants. They rent it to other things. Now I don't know what they're going to rent to, frankly.

Yeah.

I -- I agree. No, I agree. We'll -- we'll look at that very strongly.

Okay.

And you kept it quiet, right? You kept that quiet.

He owns the Houston Rockets, in case you don't know. And he's a great -- and, by the way, he's a great guy, great family, great everything. And, yeah, he did cause you a little raucous, didn't he? Whatever happened to him, by the way?

Is he still working for you?

He must be pretty good.

That's right.

So you're saying that because your restaurants aren't split up among thousands of people that own restaurants, and you have it yourself in the company.

Yeah, so it's -- it's a --

Yeah.

So what happened to you then, Tilman? So where are you on that whole thing? How did you do with the PPP?

How did you -- how did it work out for your company?

Because -- because they found out you're very rich and they said, "What the hell?"

Yeah.

So, what'd you do? You went out very early, right? For the money? And you've -- you found the market were -- it was opened, even at that early date.

What'd you do with your basketball players that are making $25 million a year?

By the way, they are good players.

Could I ask you, just out of curiosity --

Tilman, what's going to happen with basketball? Can you give us a -- because I would be interested. Do you have any idea what they're doing now?

Will you finish the season or not?

Could you go immediately to playoffs or is that not really possible?

Yeah. Right. I agree.

Good. Good luck with that.

Steve, what do you think about that? I mean, he's got a unique situation. You know, he has a lot of restaurants. It's a big company. But --

You have other people where the company is the same size, but you have 2,000 owners. What do you think of that?

That is a complicated --

Who paid it back.

I'm saying that for the media: They paid it.

Yeah, but this is different than the Lakers. The Lakers are a basketball team. This is a man that owns many -- how many restaurants do you own?

No, but it is interesting for the press to hear because they understand the complexity of it. So, if he had 600 owners and he franchised them out or something -- but he had 600 owners, they qualify. If he has, you know -- if he owns it, it's a different situation. But I can understand what he's saying. So let's take a look at it.

What's your largest restaurant? What is it in New York?

Good job you've done. I mean, you got hit by the plague, right? But, outside of that, you've done a hell of a job.

It just brought you back to Earth a little bit.

You really have -- you've done a fantastic job. Hey, you're a friend of mine for a long time and --

-- I have to say, you've paid me rent for a long time, right?

For Rainforest and some other things.

And you were never late. No, you're a great --

-- a great gentleman. Really a great gentleman.

Steve, it's an interesting case. Okay? Do the best you can.

Good luck with the basketball.

You have a hell of a team.

Say hello to those two great players -- all of your players. But, man, they are -- they can play, huh?

So you say they make $40  a year?

You want them to -- you want them to play this year?

How many more years do you have together, right? So you --

You want them to play this year, because magic can happen, right?

Okay. Good luck.

Good luck. Thanks, Tilman. Thanks.

Jared?

So, you know, Tilman, he took a ventilator job where the country basically had no ventilators, essentially, and built an incredible empire for building ventilators in a period of a very short time. And now we're supplying ventilators all over the world. It's an amazing thing. We got no credit from the fake news media, but what are you going to do? You can't win them all.

And now the testing today -- on the Washington Post, they actually had a headline that the testing is there, but the people aren't there. We have so much testing. I'm sure the person that drew that headline in the Washington Post will be fired today sometime.

Thank you for saying that. And it's true all over. And, you know, they sort of knew it, but --

See, I think -- I think he should be entitled to it now, Steve, definitely.

Yeah, no, we've done -- really, it's been an amazing --

-- it's been an amazing job. It's been an amazing job. We've made a lot of governors look good.

Numbers that would have been unthinkable. I think you could say that. Right? Numbers that would have been -- Jon, those are numbers that could have been talked about, nobody would have believed it. So, anyway, you know -- so -- please.

Good.

So do you agree with what they're saying in terms of timing?

And you agree with the 24 number?

Did you guys meet before this or something?  No, did you have a little meeting to discuss this perhaps?

Yeah, okay.

Now I feel better because everyone is -- exactly wants the same thing.

I bring people together. You've seen that in government. I bring the Democrats together with the Republicans, right?

I'm only kidding.

Go ahead.

That's great. I think it's great. You got together, and a lot of good suggestions have been made. And it's been made uniformly so we really know your opinion, as opposed to having all different ideas

That's really great. It helps.

Okay.

Thank you. Great. How did you go from Goldman Sachs to the restaurant business? How did that happen?

Oh, I'll bet you were. I'll bet you were very good. Are you glad you made that move?

So you -- it's just -- you love the restaurant business, right?

I have friends that are in the restaurant -- they love the restaurant. There is no business they want to go into like the restaurant business.

Yeah. Well, it's true.

Yeah, no, it's great. I know your business very well. People -- unlike -- well, you know, there are other businesses, but just about as much as any business, they love being in the restaurant business. So, that's great.

So you made a good move?

Did you make a good move financially?

It worked out fine too?

Wow. That's fantastic.

Now we don't have to give him anything.

Yeah, no, I agree with it.

Okay. Great. Good. Good job, too. I know the -- the one restaurant I know, it's great.

Gene? This is a man of great genes. His name is Gene, and his father was a terrific gentleman. You know that, right? Great talent. Go ahead, please.

Maybe your mother is even better.

That's a very important number.

If you go into a real big recession -- and you don't have a number like that. That's a tremendous number. That's really a great -- it's a -- it's a testament.

Because, again, it was artificially turned on and off. But now it's off, and we're going to turn it back on. It's been turned on as of -- I don't know, it almost feels like today is the first day. I think, last week, it didn't feel the same. Now it feels good. People are starting to go out. They're opening. They get it.

We understand the disease much better than we did when it first came in. Nobody understood it. Nobody has ever seen it before. And it feels much different. I mean, today is almost like the first day. But the expression that we like to use -- right? -- "transition to greatness." We're going to be back. And what you said is a very important thing. People expect to go back.

And, Gene, you have to help the truckers also. Okay?

You got to -- yeah, because they've been out there. And I'll tell you, they're -- they work hard and they have brokers that take a lot of their business away. They don't work so hard. They sit in an office some place. It's not good. So I'd like to help the truckers.

All right? Good. Please.

Very good. Very good.

And why? Why is that?

Where? Where is that? Where?

I mean, I hear they're going to keep Los Angeles closed until the end of August. Is that a fact?

That's the mayor who wants to do that?

That's a death wish. Because, you know, there's death on both sides. You know that.

There's death on both sides. It's not just a one-way street. And we solved a big problem, but you have to understand the other side of it too. And they don't understand the other side of it.

Okay, please.

Thank you very much. Beautiful story with a woman with the eight cows.

You wouldn't think that. Restauranteurs do -- especially, I guess, some with an individual restaurant or a couple of restaurants. They do that a lot, don't they? They buy directly.

Tilman doesn't do that. I don't think you do that with your eight cows. Right?  He doesn't do it.

No, it's a great -- it's a great --

What's the difference in butter? Tell me. The difference in butter between what she sells you and what you would normally be able to buy. Out of curio- -- I don't want to --

That's fantastic.

Mike just said there is no comparison. He knows.

He knows.  from Indiana. He knows.

No kidding. So, that's good.

And -- and you probably pay less too, right?

Would -- no, but would --

Right. But would you pay less, generally speaking, when you do those things you do directly with a farm?

Yeah.

Okay. Good.

No kidding.

Good.

Yeah.

I think it's great. Thank you very much. Beautiful.

Okay, Mike.

I think the -- I think the media wants us to go quickly. Look at Jon. He's, "Oh... "

He wants to hit us with a question so badly.

Mike, what are the two states that did not open?

Who are they?

Is Connecticut --

It'll open. It'll happen quickly.

So just briefly, the Paycheck Protection Program has delivered over $30 billion in aid to more than 250,000 restaurants. Up to 95 percent of that funding is going directly to the worker's payroll. You know that?

On Friday, the SBA published the loan forgiveness application, which ensures that all businesses, including restaurants, will not be penalized as long as they make good-faith efforts to rehire all of their employees, you know that.

I signed a bill providing federally funded pay to sick people -- people that are sick -- and for family leave. So you're have for sick and family leave, and that's a very important bill. So you have federally funded paid sick and family leave. And I think some of you are taking advantage of that.

Businesses can defer paying income taxes until July 15th. We gave that extension. Businesses can claim tax refunds by deducting their losses from the 2018 through 2020 against taxes they paid for the previous five years. That's a big deal.

And then, as you know, we're going to Congress -- and this is more pertinent to what we're talking about, because you knew all of what I just said. You've been living through it. Restore the restaurant deduction to help jobless restaurant workers. So if a company pays or somebody pays, they get a deduction. That's going to create a tremendous amount of business. I think you're going to have to open a lot of additional restaurants in this country. I think it's, frankly, more important than even the other things we're talking about. I guess, short term, what you're talking about, is more important, but long term, the deduction would be phenomenal.

Create an "Explore America" -- that's "Explore," right? Explore America tax credit that Americans can use for domestic travel, including visits to restaurants. That's a big deal.

Grant restaurants more flexibility under the PPP. That's what we're talking about -- right?

And protect workers and businesses alike with curbs on frivolous litigation -- frivolous litigation, a thing I know something about. There's a lot of frivolous litigation. So we don't want somebody going and sitting in your restaurant, Tilman, and then suing you for $10 million, because --

-- something happened. And they'll do it anyway. No matter what we give you, they're going to do it anyway, you know that.

So, I thank you all for being here. We'll take a couple of questions, Jon. And if you have any questions for these great restaurateurs, please ask.

Well, I think if it was me, they would do it. I think for them, maybe they're not going to. I don't know. I'm surprised, because Obama knew everything that was happening. I don't think Bi- -- Obama knows where he -- where he, you know, is, in a lot of ways. I saw his statements the other day and I think that, frankly, they weren't very good. That's President Obama.

As far as Biden is concerned, I can't -- that, I can't tell you. Only he knows what he knows. So I don't think he knows too much.

But I think Obama and Biden knew about it. They were participants, but -- so I'm a little surprised by that statement. I don't think he said it quite the way you said it. I think he said as of this moment, I guess. But if it was me, I guarantee they'd be going after me. In his case, they're not, so I think it's just a continuation of a double standard. I'm surprised by it. I'm surprised by it.

But that's where it is. And I don't know what he said about this. You have to understand, I was coming into this room as that statement was being made, so I don't know exactly.

Well, I think you'd have to ask him what that means, because I'm in no position to tell you that. I've stayed away from it. I'm relying on the Attorney General to do the job. And so I don't know exactly what he said because I was in this room.

I don't say disappointed or not, but I have no doubt that they were involved in this hoax -- one of the worst things ever to befall this country in terms of political scandal. I have absolutely no doubt that Obama and Biden were involved.

And as to whether or not it was criminal, I would think it would be very serious. Very, very serious. It was a takedown of a President, regardless of me. It happened to be me. And, in my opinion, it was an illegal takedown. And -- but, I'm going to let the Attorney General make all of those decisions. I've stayed out of it because it's the appropriate thing to do. I wouldn't have to stay out of it, as you know, but I've decided to stay out of it.

So I would say that I heard that just a little while ago, a few minutes ago. I'll have to look at it exactly as to what was said, what was meant. I will say this: We have an honorable Attorney General. He's going to do an honorable job. He's a very honorable man, and he's going to do a very honorable job. But I am surprised only in that I have no doubt -- personally, I have no doubt, but he may have another feeling. I have no doubt that they were involved in it.

It's a hoax. It started off with a Russian hoax. They went to a Ukraine hoax. It's just a whole big disgrace. And this country has better things to do. It's a disgrace. What they've done to this country with these phony investigations -- the Mueller investigation was a waste of time from day one. They knew it was a waste of time. It proved to be a waste of time. I think there are a lot of bad people involved, and they should pay a very big price if they were caught.

So we'll see what happens, but I rely on the Attorney General. He's a very honorable man.

Okay. Any other questions?

I think they work very hard. Don't forget, they've been here for many years. It's not -- they don't work for me; they work for the country. They've -- they've worked very hard. We -- when we took over, in terms of, you know, getting involved, Mike headed up the task force, he worked with CDC. And I could ask Mike to give you part -- you know, part of it.

But, I will say, they originally -- they had no test and one of the tests had a problem very early on, but that was quickly remedied and now we have the best tests anywhere in the world. I think we -- I give ourselves a lot of that credit: a lot of the brilliant people that worked on testing, a lot of the brilliant people that worked on the ventilators to a point where we have the best testing in the world. We have the best ventilators and distribution and the most ventilators in the world. It's not even close.

So, I can't tell you -- I would like to ask Mike that question. CDC -- you work with them all the time, certainly much more than I do, Mike.

We've made a lot of governors look very good, that I can tell you. I'm reading some of the reviews on some of the governors. And they're getting these reviews -- well, we were able to get them ventilators that they didn't have. We were able to get them testing that they still wouldn't have. We were able to get them a lot of things that they didn't have, including helping them fill up their stockpiles. Who -- which really they should have had done. They didn't -- they weren't supposed to be using us for that. But we've made a lot of governors look very good, and that's, frankly, good because it's good for our country.

Okay?

Yeah?

I chose not to make a statement today. I'll be giving them a statement sometime in the near future, but I'm -- I chose not to give a statement. I think they've done a very sad job in the last period of time.

And again, the United States pays them $450 million a year; China pays them $38 million a year, and they're a puppet of China. They're China-centric, to put it nicer. But they're a puppet of China.

And I think they've done a very -- even when I did the ban -- Mike remembers this very well. When I did the ban, they thought it was inappropriate to do. I did a ban very early. If I didn't do that ban, you would have lost hundreds of thousands of more people in this country. It was a very important ban. People don't like talking about the ban. No, but it was very important. I was the only one that wanted to do it, and we did it, and we saved thousands of lives -- hundreds of thousands of lives, probably. And Dr. Fauci said that, and other people said that. Deborah said that. You know that.

But the World Health Organization was against it. They were against me doing the ban. They were against -- they said, "You don't need it. It's too much. It's too severe. It's too... " -- all of these things. And they turned out to be wrong.

Sleepy Joe Biden said the same thing. He came out, he said I was xenophobic. Do you believe that one, Tilman? I was xenophobic because I said you can't come in if you come from China. You can't come into our country. Very early. And Biden said I was xenophobic.

Ah, this is my guy.  We always got along, didn't we? Huh? "The twins," they call us.

So, no it's -- it's a very sad -- a very sad thing. So I'm not happy with the World Health Organization. And guess what? There's some of the people around this table who would understand, being in business, in some cases international -- I'm not happy with the World Trade Organization at all either.

Yeah, I don't know him at all. I never even heard of him, but I was asked to by the State Department, by Mike. I offered -- most of my people, almost all of them -- I said, "You know, these are Obama appointees. And if you'd like to let him go, I think you should let them go, but that's up to you."

He's an Obama employee. I understand he had a lot of problems with the DOD. There was an investigation on him -- on the inspector general. I don't know anything about it.

So I don't know him. I never heard of him. But they asked me to terminate him. I have the absolute right, as President, to terminate. I've said, "Who appointed him?" And they said, "President Obama." I said, "Look, I'll terminate him."

I don't know what's going on other than that, but you'd have to ask Mike Pompeo. But they did ask me to do it and I did it. I have the right to terminate the inspector generals. And I would have -- I would have suggested -- and I did suggest, in pretty much all cases, you get rid of the attorney generals, because it happens to be very political, whether you like it or not. And many of these people were Obama appointments, and so I just got rid of him.

Yeah, I know.

Yeah, I know. And if I didn't fire him, they would have criticized me too. They'd criticize no matter what you do. You know, if you have too many ventilators, they'll say, "Gee, he has too many ventilators." If you don't have enough, they'll say, "He doesn't have enough." No matter what you do, between that and their partner, the fake news media, they'll find something.

No, I don't know the gentleman. I was happy to do it. Mike requested that I do it. He should have done it a long time ago, in my opinion. He is an Obama appointment and he had some difficulty. But I just don't know who he is. I really -- I don't know. I never heard his name.

Yeah, but I think they have to be fair.

Sure. But I think they have to be fair. And I think it's a death wish when you -- and I told my people, I said, "I think you should, you know, study your situation but let us know." I think we've been treated very unfairly by inspector generals. I can go into instances, but I'm not going to do it now.

But the inspector generals, when they're put in by Obama -- just like it could be that if they were put in by me and it was somebody else's administration, especially the other party, it could very well be that you'd be treated unfairly. But we've had a lot of cases where we thought that was unfair.

So, yeah, they asked me to do that. I think the big thing is that they should have asked me to do it a long time ago.

I don't know. I don't know anything about him. I don't know. I don't know anything about him other than the State Department -- and Mike, in particular -- I guess they weren't happy with the job he's doing or something. So, because it's my right to do it, I said, "Sure, I'll do it."

I've gotten rid of a lot of inspector generals; every President has. I think every President has gotten rid of probably more than I have. A lot of our people kept the Obama inspector general, and I think, generally speaking, that's not a good thing to do, but they've kept them.

But I told them -- for three years I said, "Anybody who wants to get rid of their inspector generals because they were appointed by President Obama, I think you should do so." Some of them didn't, but now they're doing -- a couple of them are doing it now.

Yeah, go ahead.

That I can't tell you. I don't -- I don't think so. I think maybe he thinks he's being treated unfairly.

Again, he wanted to -- he asked me if that would be possible. I said, "I'll do that. Sure." I think it should have been done a long time ago, frankly. And this is a man that has had some controversy -- this inspector general. But -- so again, I don't know anything. I haven't even read much about him. I see that it's a little bit of a story -- not much of a story, because everybody agrees that I have the absolute right to fire the inspector generals. I think they should have done it a long time ago.

Yes, please.

I think they're forecasting a very fast bounce back. I mean, I see great optimism, though. These are big restaurant people that are really up on the business. They're very successful. They've been very successful. They'll be, I think even more successful again, especially if we get deductibility.

And no, I really enjoyed this meeting. This was a long meeting for me. You know, normally I wouldn't stay at a meeting this long, Tilman, but I liked hearing about your great basketball team. I didn't know those guys got paid $40 . I thought they made $25 [million}. That's interesting.

Good.

That's great. What you do works, you know. I've watched you for a long time, and what you do works. We're very proud of you.

Great job.

Why was I surprised? You mean that they'd ask for it? Why would I be surprised?

They want it. Of course, they going to ask --

I'm surprised that's all they asked for, actually.

I know too many of these people. I'm surprised that's all they asked for. No, I think what they're asking for is very reasonable, Steve. You know, I mean, we're going to have to go and get it approved. And again, we -- we've saved and we'll continue to save the restaurant business. And ultimately we'll be paid back many, many times because they pay a lot of taxes, you know?

And they really -- they create tremendous numbers of jobs. Think of that. You know, 600- -- 650,000 restaurants. Who would think that's even possible?

Well, I have a concept, because we paid 450 thousand. And somebody came out -- because we have different ideas. One was that -- I mean, I could ask these brilliant people. So we helped fund the World Health Organization. We use it like everyone else does. They gave us a lot of very bad advice -- terrible advice. They were wrong so much. Always on the side of China.

China paid $40 million last year. And we've been paying $450 million a year for many years. Somehow that doesn't work out too well. So I was thinking about bringing our 450 down to 40. And some people thought that was too much. So we're going to make a decision fairly soon. But I think it's very unfair when we're paying 450. For many, many years we've been paying 300, 400, 450, almost 500 sometimes. And we're not treated right.

And we're not treated by World Trade -- we're not treated right either. The World Trade Organization. China, there, is considered a developing nation. If you're a developing nation, you get massive tax advantages and other advantages. Well, I want the United States to be a developing nation then, okay? We should get the same advantages as China gets. Why should China get advantages over the United States? Because they got somebody to say they're a developing nation. And so that's under review also.

Well, I don't know anything about it. I heard about it the same time maybe you heard about it. I don't know anything about it. I mean, you mean he's under investigation because he had somebody walk his dog from the government? I don't know.

It doesn't sound -- I don't think it sounds like that important. I mean, you have a man that's supposed to be -- and he's a brilliant guy, number one at West Point, number one at Harvard, I believe -- Harvard Law School -- or close. And -- but he was number one at West Point. Number one at Harvard Law School, or very close to number one. And they're bothered because he's having somebody walk his dog, is you're telling me? I didn't know that. I didn't hear that. I didn't know about an investigation.

But this is what you get with the Democrats. Here's a man supposed to be negotiating war and peace with major, major countries, with weaponry like the world has never seen before. And the Democrats and the fake news media -- they're interested in a man who is walking their dog. And maybe he's busy and maybe he's negotiating with Kim Jong Un -- okay? -- about nuclear weapons, so that he'd say, "Please, could you walk my dog? Do you mind walking my dog? I'm talking to Kim Jong Un." Or "I'm talking to President Xi about paying us for some of the damage they've caused to the world and to us. Please walk my dog." To who? A Secret Service person or somebody, right?

I don't know. I think this country has a long way to go. They -- the priorities are really screwed up when I read this.

Now, I don't know anything about the investigation, but you're just telling me about walking a dog. And what did you say? Doing dishes?

What Saudi arms deals? Explain.

Yeah?

I don't think so. I mean, I think that when somebody pays us a fortune for, you know, arms, we should get the deal done. I will tell you that. I don't -- I don't know what you're talking about.

I know this: that we have countries that want to buy our arms, and we make it so difficult for them that they end up going to Russia and China. And under my administration, if they're friendly countries, I try and make it as easy as possible. If they want to buy our fighter jets, and if they want to give us billions and billions of dollars -- and they have other alternatives, including China, Russia, and others -- I think we should make it as easy as possible for them, and we should take the jobs and take the money because it's billions of dollars.

And in past administrations, they waited so long that people wouldn't even want to do business with us. And one of the things that we've done, and we make the greatest equipment in the world by far, and especially now under this administration because we've upped the scale a lot, as you know, and we bought a lot. We've totally rearmed our military -- $1.5 trillion.

But if somebody wants to give us billions of dollars to buy an airplane or a number of airplanes and missiles, and all of the other things that we make better than anybody in the world, we should take the money and we should make the deals fast. I would certainly say that.

Why don't you take your mask off? You know, you're -- just for a second, please.

Don't worry about Jeff. Jeff, why don't you move out of his way so he doesn't infect you, please?

I don't want you to become infected.

Human rights?

I don't know. That, I don't know. I mean, you know, you're telling me something that I never heard of. Now you're talking about human rights abuses. You'll figure something out, I'm sure.

Look, he's a high-quality person -- Mike. He's a very high quality -- he's a very brilliant guy. And now I have you telling me about dog walking, washing dishes. And you know what? I'd rather have him on the phone with some world leader than have him wash dishes, because maybe his wife isn't there or his kids aren't there. You know. What are you telling me? It's terrible. It's so stupid. You know how stupid that sounds to the world? Unbelievable.

Okay. Yeah.

Look, I think he was an incompetent President. I think President Obama was one of the worst Presidents in the history of our country. I think he was an incompetent President. I know what he left us. He left us a broken military. He left us a military that ISIS was all over the place, and I got rid of it. I knocked out 100 percent of the caliphate. And even you will admit that, Jon. And when I came in, it was a mess.

But we had a broken military. We had a depleted military. We had little on the shelves, if you talk about pandemics. We had a country that was a mess. We were paying high taxes. We were paying it. And outside of this artificial event that took place two months ago, and I'm going to build the country into stronger and better than it was even then. And it's already happening, and you can see it. You can see it today. Just take a look at the stock market. Look at what's going on. Look at the great numbers that are being called. And look at these medical companies calling in. And we're talking about more than one. So many things are happening.

But I think President Obama was an incompetent President. He did a terrible job. And, by the way, there was great division in our country with President Obama. You didn't see it as much, but there was tremendous division in our country. Okay?

I think we'll have great, yeah. You know, success brings. We had a great success going. Things were really going along, and then China gave us a wonderful gift. Okay? And it wasn't pretty. What -- it came out of China. Just in case you had any questions, Jon. It didn't come out of -- it came out of China, spread to Europe, but also came here. And the whole world became infected by this horrible thing that they unleashed one way or the other. Not a good situation. Not a good situation. I'm not a man that likes taking that. What happened to us -- and it was totally preventable; they could have stopped it at the source. They knew it was happening.

We wanted to go in, others wanted to go in. They wouldn't let -- they wouldn't let the world -- as you know, they wouldn't let -- they wouldn't let other -- other countries go in. They wanted -- other countries wanted to. World Health wanted to, in all fairness to World Health. They wouldn't let World Health in. And we're a part of World Health. They wouldn't let them in either. They could have stopped that at the source, and they chose not to.

And yet, they stopped them from going to Wuhan into different parts of China. So you couldn't go into Beijing. What do you think of that, Tilman? You couldn't go into China. But I better not get you involved in it -- China. You got enough problems with --

I'm asking -- I'm asking the -- an interesting guy that question. But seriously, look -- they wouldn't let them into China, but they'd let them into Europe and they'd let them into all over the world, including the United States. It's lucky I did the ban. That's all I can tell you. It's lucky I did the ban.

Okay. How about one or two more? Yeah.

Well, I'm not going to tell you that question. Why would I tell you?

Go ahead.

Yeah. China should be held responsible for what they've done. They have hurt the world very, very badly. They've hurt themselves also. But they've hurt the world very, very badly. Yeah, they should be held responsible. Okay?

Sure.

Sure. I had a fake whistleblower.

Sure.

I had a fake whistleblower originally. He was a faker. Because when he looked at my -- he wrote down a conversation that was totally different from the conversation I actually had with the President of Ukraine. It was a fake whistleblower. And, by the way, everybody knows who he is. He's a political operative. You know that. Jon knows who he is. You know him better than anybody, Jon. Right? He's a faker, and he was a fake whistleblower, and it was a phony, disgraceful period of time. And we came out well. You know why we came out well? Because everyone recognized it for what it was: just a political witch hunt.

But he was a fake whistleblower. He wrote a story that bore no resemblance to the conversation that I had with the President of Uk- -- Ukraine. Nothing whatsoever. And by the way, the inspector general, he went by the whistleblower. He didn't want to see the conversation that I had. When he saw the conversation that I had, he said, "Well, that bears no resemblance to what the whistleblower said." Why didn't he look first before he ran to Congress? He ran to Congress like he couldn't get there fast enough with a whistleblower report.

But when they offered him to see the actual conversation -- and we called the head of Ukraine, and we said, "We'd like to expose the conversation that we had, if you don't mind." He said, "What was wrong with that?" That conversation, as I say, was perfect. It was a perfect conversation. Not a thing said wrong.

That's why we had, other than half a vote from Romney -- and Romney is a, you know, loser -- but other than a half a vote we had from Romney, I got 52 and a half percent to a half. In the House, we got 196 to nothing -- 196 to nothing. The Republicans were so unified not because they all liked me, but because they knew this was a horrible thing that happened.

But he was a fake whistleblower. He reported on a conversation that didn't happen, just like Shifty Schiff. Shifty Schiff went up before Congress, and because he has immunity -- in other words, you can't put them in jail be- -- if he lies in front -- because they have immunity in the halls of Congress, in the Great Hall.

So he made a statement that was totally different from what I said. You know that. Eight times "quid pro quo." There were no quid pro quos. Nothing. Zero. Eight times -- over and over again. And he made it as though that was the conversation, but he knew that wasn't the conversation I had.

And anyplace else, he would've been thrown out of office and put in jail for what he did, but he had immunity because he made it in the halls -- it should be the opposite: If you make a statement like that, if you lie in Con- -- you should get double penalties. Okay?

So, you know, that's the way it goes. So you had a phony whistleblower. And this other guy with the hydroxychloroquine -- okay? -- well, he -- he went out and he's the one that approved the hydroxychloroquine. He's the one that signed the application. He also happens to be -- if you look -- see whether or not -- I won't put it on me; I'll put it on you. See whether or not he was a big contributor to the Democrats. See whether or not he wanted the Democrats to win. No, there's a lot of bad things coming out about him, but you people don't want to write the -- the news.

You know, but -- if you look -- but he's the one that signed the application. The very important form, he signed it. Now, if he doesn't believe in it, why would he sign it? And a lot of good things have come out about the hydroxy. A lot of good things have come out. You'd be surprised at how many people are taking it, especially the frontline workers -- before you catch it.

The frontline workers -- many, many are taking it. I happen to be taking it. I happen to be taking it.

I'm taking it -- hydroxychloroquine.

Right now. Yeah. A couple of weeks ago, I started taking it.

Because I think it's good. I've heard a lot of good stories. And if it's not good, I'll tell you right -- you know, I'm not going to get hurt by it. It's been around for 40 years for malaria, for lupus, for other things.

I take it. Frontline workers take it. A lot of doctors take it.

Excuse me. A lot of doctors take it. I take it. Now, I hope to not be able to take it soon because, you know, I hope they come up with some answer, but I think people should be allowed to.

I got a letter from a doctor the other day from Westchester, New York -- around the area. He didn't want anything. He just said, "Sir, I have hundreds of patients and I give them hydroxychloroquine; I give them the Z-Pak, which is azithromycin; and I give them zinc. And out of the hundreds of patients -- many hundreds, over 300 patients -- I haven't lost one." He said, "Please keep pressing that, sir."

And if you look at that phony report that was put in, that report on the hydroxyl -- was given to people that were in extraordinarily bad condition -- extraordinarily bad, people that were dying. No, I -- I think, for whatever it's worth, I take it. I was -- I -- I would've told you that three, four days ago, but we never had a chance because you never asked me the question.

Yeah. A White House doctor -- didn't recommend -- no, I asked him, "What do you think?" He said, "Well, if you'd like it." I said, "Yeah, I'd like it. I'd like to take it."

A lot of people are taking it. A lot of frontline workers are taking hydroxychloroquine. A lot of front- -- I don't take it because -- hey, people said, "Oh, maybe he owns the company." No, I don't own the company. You know what? I want the people of this nation to feel good. I don't want them being sick. And there's a very good chance that this has an impact, especially early on.

But you look at frontline workers. You look at doctors and nurses. A lot of them are taking it as a preventative, and they're taking -- totally unrelated, but they take the Z-Pak or the azithromycin for possible infection.

Now, I haven't taken that, other than an original dose because the ori- -- all you need. You don't have to take it simultaneously, but the zinc you do take. So I'm taking the two: the zinc and the hydroxy. And all I can tell you is, so far, I seem to be okay.

Yeah, because -- no. No, not at all. I just said that -- I've had so many letters from people, like the one I told you about. I got it last week. I'll give you -- would you like a copy of it? I'd love to give you -- if you ask Molly, she'll give you a copy of it.

But this is a doctor -- he doesn't want anything. I don't know him, never heard of him, but he treats people that are -- that we're talking about. And he said, out of hundreds of people that he's treated, he hasn't lost one. And he just wanted me to know about it. That's all. It wasn't -- he wasn't saying, "Gee, could I have dinner with you, Mr. President? I'd like to come to the White House."

But I've received many such letters. I've received a lot of positive letters and it seems to have an impact. And maybe it does; maybe it doesn't. But if it doesn't, you're not going to get sick or die. This is a -- a pill that's been used for a long time -- for 30, 40 years on the malaria and on lupus too, and even on arthritis, I guess, from what I understand.

So it's been heavily tested, in terms of -- I was just waiting to see your eyes light up when I said this, but -- you know, when I announced this. But, yeah, I have taken it for about a week and a half now, and I'm still here. I'm still here.

Here we go. Are you ready? Here's my evidence. I get a lot of positive calls about it. The only negative I've heard was the study where they gave it -- was it the VA? With, you know, people that aren't big Trump fans gave it -- and we've done the greatest job maybe of anything in the VA, because I got VA Choice and VA Accountability both approved. Accountability, Tilman, is where you can fire bad people that work in the VA that you couldn't fire them.

We had thousands of people that were sadists, that were stealing, that were robbers, that were horrible people. They'd beat up our veterans. They couldn't do it in primetime, but they did it when they were sick.

And we got Accountability. Nobody thought you could get it because of the unions and civil service. I got it passed so that now you fire bad people in the VA. We got rid of tremendously bad people that should have never been there. But I also got -- probably, even more importantly, if you can say that; maybe not -- VA Choice.

So if you have to wait on line for a doctor, you go outside, you have a private doctor, we pay the bill. We work out deals with doctors. We have pricing. So you go out, you pay the bill. And it was a great thing that we did, so we've done a great job with the VA.

But they had a report come out and the results of the report -- it was a very unscientific report, by the way. But I get a lot of tremendously positive news on the hydroxy. And I say, "Hey." You know the expression I've used, Jon? "What do you have to lose?" Okay? "What do you have to lose?"

I have been taking for about a week --

-- for about a week and a half.

At some point -- every day. I take a pill every day. At some point, I'll stop. What I'd like to do is I'd like to have the cure and/or the vaccine, and that'll happen, I think, very soon.

Zero symptoms. No, I haven't had any symp- -- no, I tested -- we -- I test -- every couple of days, they want to test me, you know, for obvious reasons. I mean, I am the President, alright? So they want to test me. I don't want to be tested, but they want to test me. So every couple of days I get tested, and I've been -- I've shown always negative. Right? Negative. Is that the term you use for this? Right? Negative. Totally negative. No symptoms. No nothing.

But, no, I take it because I think -- I hear very good things. Again, you have to go to frontline workers. Many frontline workers take it and they seem to be doing very well.

No, but I wouldn't be surprised. I -- I don't want to ask them because that's a personal decision as to whether or not you want to say. I just want to be open with the American public because, you know, I happen to think it's good.

I do want the letter given because this letter made -- not in terms of my taking it, but I thought it was a very well-crafted letter by a man who's a respected doctor up in Westchester, maybe a little beyond Westchester -- a little up higher and -- in New York. And he just -- he didn't want anything. He just wanted me to know the results of what he's doing as a doctor. And he was so happy with the fact that I -- I fight for this stuff.

And then we have this crazy whistleblower, this fake whistleblower get out and try and, you know, knock it, who is -- who signed the application. He -- he did all the -- he did the signing. He was a believer at one point, I assume. Otherwise, he shouldn't have signed it. No matter who told him to, he shouldn't have signed it.

Okay. One more question. That's it? Thank you all very much.