Well, thank you very much, everybody. This is a group of people who, in many cases, became quite famous because they went through a lot having to do with the coronavirus. A tremendous amount. And a lot of them were covered, and we know them from the media. They've all got very interesting and very different stories to tell.

And I thought what I'd do is I'd go around the room. It's an honor to have them at the White House. And they really are -- they're very brave. Some were right at the edge; they thought it was over. This is a rough -- a rough plague. I call it the "plague." I call it the "scourge." I call it whatever you want to call it. It's rough. It's bad.

And a woman that I've really found fascinating, and she's from a state that's a great state and a city that's been hit very hard -- really, very, very hard -- Detroit. Highly respected. She's a political person. She doesn't happen to be a Republican, and that's okay. When things aren't going good and you get a little help from a Republican, we'll take that too.

But your story was just a fa- -- just a fantastic story. And we're going to go around the room, each of you. This man was an NFL football player for 10 years, a friend of Tom Brady. And he was hit hard.

And you weren't so strong when you got hit by that. That literally --

Yeah. You were -- you were not -- you were saying you were not -- you didn't feel too powerful.

So, if we could, we'll go around the room. And if we could start with you, Representative. And congratulations. It's an incredible story. Thank you.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, you were so incredible, as a representative, both in terms of how you got better and what you went through. And your husband sounds like a great gentleman. He went down there and he took care of things, right?

That means he loves you. Because some husbands would say, "Egh, let's not bother."

He will do whatever he has to do, right?

So that's -- and that was late in the evening you did that, right?

And we had the drugstores stocked with the medicine, and that's fantastic.

Why don't you -- why don't you say what got you to go late in the night to the drugstore?

Oh, I see.

The doctor did a good job?

Was he a doctor from a hospital or a local doctor? Or --

Great.

That's fantastic.

That's fantastic.

No kidding.

Right.

How are they doing? How are they doing?

So they took the hydroxy then?

Yeah. Right.

Right. That's right.

Well, I hear that the governor has gone all out for it, from being totally opposed to it. Now she's all out for it. So that's what I'm hearing. So that's a good thing. I think it's a good thing.

So you might have said, when you started that walk or run, "What the hell do I have to lose?" Right?

You know my expression, "What do I have to lose?"

Because she was in bad shape. And I understand.

Congratulations.

It's an incredible story.

And I like Democrats. I especially like this Democrat, though, for just using her beautiful -- you have a beautiful presence. And you're a beautiful couple. And thank you for coming.

I have a feeling she's going to go very much up. She's a good representative right now, but I have a feeling, politically -- do you have any further political ambitions, do you think?

I don't know, I may have to cross party lines.  I may have to work with her and cross party lines. Thank you very much.

A great honor to have you.

Thank you both.

Please, tell us your story.

That was a bad one. Nobody would take the Diamond Princess.

No other country would take it. Nobody wanted it. It was like -- you know, they called it a "ghost ship." Not good. So we took it.

Yeah.

How many people died, ultimately, on the ship?

Eleven people. Incredible.

Oh, you did have a precondition.

And that's a big one.

So you were together? No six-foot thing, no nothing? You were together and you didn't catch it? Wow.

A study on you?

Who needs him? We don't need him. We need you.

That's incredible. You think maybe you had it before and there's an immunity, without knowing it?

Yeah. So you didn't see it at all. Wow, that's fantastic.

You know what they call that? A strong woman. Right?

No, it's amazing, to be together like that --

-- and to not catch it.

How did they do? How did they do?

How did you feel? Did you feel comfortable?

What did you do? Did you cover your head or something?

Oh. And that was on a plane?

The cargo. And then you had the bus.

So that no pleasure either.

And these people had it --

-- a lot of these people.

That's amazing .

Do you think it brought -- you two, you two -- do you think it brought you together, closer? Or --

You could see -- you could see it, you know?

It brings you together. Does that make any sense?

And you were very sick at one point, right?

How bad was that shortness of breath? Was it -- was it noticeable?

Really?

How about you? You had shortness of breath too, I read. Right?

So how bad was that? The shortness.

Yeah. Yeah. No, Lyme disease is a big deal.

Do you think you still have Lyme disease?

Can that be -- can you get rid of it?

Lyme disease is a thing that people don't talk about. It is a brutal --

And if you have a certain type of blood, you have no chance.

Incredible.

So you actually had a hard time breathing.

Do you think, in retrospect, you were better staying home?

You know, because those hospitals are -- they can be crowded.

So you thought you were going to die.

Well, I'm not going to speak for her, but I don't see her voting for Sleepy Joe Biden.  I don't -- I'm not going to ask her that question. But if she votes for Sleepy Joe, I'd be surprised, okay?

Anyway, incredible story.

It's such a great story. Thank you. But your wife --

We're going to keep your wife around, right? We'll keep her around and figure out what's --

-- what's in the veins, right?

That's fantastic. Great. Great stories. Thank you both very much.

Please, go ahead.

Right. That's good.

Do you know where you caught it?

How bad were you?

So the -- compared -- you said you've had the flu a number of times. How did you compare this to the flu?

So a bigger, better, much worse event for you.

And when was it? When was it?

When did you find out, officially, that you had it?

So, okay. So, what were the words?

Did -- did that make them treat you better or worse? Or did the -- or did they treat you like you had the COVID?

Did you ever think you were going to die?

So, if it got worse, you would have been in deep trouble.

Did you have a problem with your breathing?

What -- what was it showing, the meter?

So, you -- you looked okay, but you still felt a shortness of breath.

And so when did you get better?

That's a long time, isn't it? It lasts a long time.

But you got better quickly.

After the medication.

Amazing we can't get people to officially -- you know, if somebody else endorsed that medication, it would be great.

Yeah. No, if -- by the way, we have tremendous endorsements. But if it were somebody else other than President Trump that put it forward -- if some other person put it forward, they'd say, "Oh, let's go with it." You know.

What do you have to lose? They've been taking it for 40 years for malaria, which -- by the way, it's an unbelievable malaria pill. Unbelievable lupus pill. Unbelievable. In fact, the problem we had is people with lupus --

Huh?

And with -- I heard Lyme disease, too.

No, it's an un- -- it's very powerful. But it's incredible because there's so many stories like yours. It's not just -- I actually haven't heard a bad story, if you want to know the truth. You know, normally, you'd hear some good ones, some bad ones, and you'd still give it a shot. I haven't heard a bad story.

So it's a -- it's pretty amazing, actually. But that's okay. The word is out. You know, the people get it; these people don't get it -- the media. But the people get it.

Anyway -- well, that's a -- that's a great story. So you're feeling good now?

You're going to conquer the world as a young, handsome guy?  How old are you?

That's great. You have a great life ahead of you. Congratulations. Great job.

So, I've seen this man.

This is your doctor? Your doctor you know?

To me, they look like a very wealthy couple. Do you agree?

I think they're loaded. You know, they've got their own doctor deal going.  But that's okay.

That's good. They took their little ski trip, you know. That didn't work out too well.

What do you do?

Good. Good.

But your wife showed much worse -- had a much harder time?

How bad? How bad did you get?

And that's scary, right?

You mean it came back? So you almost felt you were better, and then it came back?

How long did it take all together?

Over a month?

That's incredible. How are you now?

Would you say 100 percent?

Stay away from me, please.  Stay away. Keep her away.

How did they all do? How did they all do?

It seems to be very important. A lot of people, when they recover, they want to donate blood because, you know, your blood is very good for this, right?

According to every study we have, it's good. And the only question is it for one year or is it for a lifetime? Could be. You know, the measles and things, where it's for a lifetime, they say. But it's going to be interesting. We just don't know because it hasn't been here long enough. It could be for a lifetime.

Well, that's great. So you donated blood?

That's good. That's good. That's fantastic.

Congratulations. And you'll be 100 percent soon, I would imagine?

Well, that's a great story. Thank you very much, both.

That's great. It's great that it worked out so well.

Has anybody -- you're okay. You are as good as -- and do you feel you're as good as you were before this happened?

So that's good. And I think you do, right? I think you're better.

Because she's a hot political property now.

I'm a little surprised they can't do something with your Lyme disease. The Lyme disease is really terrible.

Yeah. Well, but --

-- I mean, I could even have you see the doctor over here, because White -- White House doctor. Ask the White House doctor to come.

Seriously. Because Lyme disease can be very, very bad.

But it also can be -- it also can -- is it legal for me to allow her to use the White House doctor? You know what? If it's not, I will suffer the repercussions.  I don't care.

The Democrats might not like that.

Very good. Do it.

People don't know about Lyme disease. It's a very bad --

-- very bad thing. And it --

But it is something, over a period of time, you can treat generally. It also can kill you. Lyme disease -- if you --

If you have a certain type blood, you get Lyme disease --

-- it's over.

It's literally over.

I think type O -- type O blood is not too good. If you have type O blood, stay out of the woods. Right?

You got it at home?

But usually it's from a deer tick, right?

So where did the tick come from?

So it comes somehow, right?

Well, it's like when I hit a ball into the rough in golf.  You know what I say? "Enjoy yourself. I'm not going in there."

That Lyme disease is pretty tough, right?

It's a bad one. I'd like you to see our doctor before you leave, okay?

All right. I'm going to just see because sometimes they do have a very, very powerful antibiotic. And --

-- you know, let's see if we can help you out. Okay?

So this man, as you can possibly tell by look- -- he was a great athlete and a great football player. And I -- I didn't know Mark, but he said, "Tom Brady says hello to you." Tom Brady is a friend of mine and a great guy. And just signed a nice, new big contract, right?

With a team that's supposed to have a lot of potential -- Tampa Bay. I figured he picked a team -- I'm sure he only picked a team with a lot of potential. And it's going to be -- how do you think Tom Brady is going to do?

Right.

So Mark spent 10 years in the NFL. And I guess you played with Tom Brady in Michigan, right?

Did you notice -- did you -- could you see at Michigan -- because he was picked a little bit late, right? Could you see the greatness in Tom Brady at Michigan or not necessarily?

Is that true?

No, but you can't -- yeah, that's hard to see. But you thought he had -- you thought he was really a great player in college, right?

So you had a guy -- Drew Henson, right? Was --

-- was first string, right? Good memory. See, I have a good memory.

They're always testing my memory. Nobody has a better memory than Trump.  Unless I don't want to remember certain things, which happens a lot too.

But you had a quarterback, Drew Henson, who was actually the starter, and he signed with the Yankees --

-- because he wanted to play baseball. The problem is he couldn't hit the curveball, right? Couldn't hit a Major League curveball. But he was a great football player. But he got hurt, Tom Brady took over, and the team became much better. Right?

That's been Tom Brady's thing, right? Both Drews. They had a Drew, right? They had a Drew --

-- in the Patriots.

That -- well, that's what happened. And that's exactly what happened. Well, let's say hello to Tom when you see him, okay? He's --

He's a great guy.

So, you're a big, strong guy. Ten years in the NFL. What position did you play?

Tight end, okay. Wow. You're a big guy for tight end. That's very good.

That could be. Were you a good catcher? You could hold it pretty good?

We're you a -- were you a blocker, more or less, or a receiver?

More of a blocker. That's great.

And how big are you? How -- what are you, 6'6"?

That's great. You look fantastic.

So tell us -- so you're a big, powerful guy, and this little bug knocked the hell out of you, right?

Well, I appreciate you being here, Mark. And the American people are watching this, and I -- I'm finding it fascinating from football players to state reps, to all of the things that you people do, from a rich couple that wants to go skiing and --  -- they say, "What the hell."

If you're going to sue the ski place, don't bother. But, you know -- no, it's so fascinating to see all different people, different types, different jobs, different everything, all different parts of the country.

So tell us what happened, Mark.

So that's the only thing, because you must go back and torture yourself with where did .

Why so long, by the way -- the 30 days?

Right.

And your wife  really come in and see you and that stuff?

Yeah.

A very good guy, right? Gregarious, I guess they call it. He wants people. He wants people. That's good.

Go ahead.

Right.

So you took the hydroxy?

And -- and that made a big difference?

You were -- you were pretty bad for a while?

So you had the -- the azithromycin and --

-- and the zinc too? Zinc?

Yeah. Yeah. Sure.

So she never go it?

So when she was with you -- next to you, you're driving together. She never go it.

Well, maybe she's -- maybe she's tougher than you, Mark. You ever think --

Yeah, that's pretty -- that's pretty amazing.

So the end result is, you think you're as good as new, right?

Oh, really?

So that -- it was starting to work on your lungs? It --

It was there.

Because once it gets too far advanced, it's tough. That's where the Z-Pak comes in.

Yeah.

Well, that's where the Z-Pak comes in, I think. You know, that's what --

Why did you take the hydroxy? Why did you do that? You saw it on television?

And they had? They had it?

Because we've stocked up the hospitals. We've got 29 million doses.

We stocked up a lot of -- I think almost all of the hospitals. That's good. So you saw it somewhere and you said you'll take anything right now?

That's great.

Well, I want to thank you. That's great. That's really a great story to see somebody like you just knocked -- knocked cold by the invisible enemy. Right?

That was tougher than any football player you ever played, right?

And you played against some tough ones. I know you did.

Nah, you did a great job. Great job. Anybody can be in the NFL for 10 years -- that's a big tribute. That's not easy. You know how hard that is, right?

Everybody always -- I mean, every year, the new ones come along and you just stayed there. Ten years is a long time in the NFL. That's a great tribute to you as a fighter.

I want to thank everybody. This has been incredible. I thought this would be a five-minute meeting, but I found each one of your stories so interesting. And hopefully, the media can play some of these stories because they're -- they're just -- you know, we're going through something the likes of which, I guess, we've never seen. Maybe you go back to 1917, 1918. That was the big plague. That was a big one.

And anywhere from, Mike, I guess, 75 to 100 million people died. Which started here -- it started in a certain location, but I don't want to say because I love that location so I'm not going to say it. But it started in this country and actually got brought to Europe. And Europe is where it did its -- you know, thousands of people died here. Large numbers. But in Europe, tens of millions of people died. So we gave them no favor when whoever it is went over to Europe, right? No favor.

But not since then have we seen anything like this. And we're winning our battle; we're winning our war. We're going to be doing -- announcing some very good things in the near future. The American public has been great -- you know, far greater than anybody would've thought. They had minimum numbers of 100,000 and I think we're going to beat that, 100,000 deaths. Can you believe that? That was a minimum. And if we didn't practice what we practiced, and if they -- if we did it a different way -- because we had a maximum of 2.2 million people. Who knows even if that's right? But the way I look at it, if you cut in half, and cut it in half again, it's 500,000 or 600,000. That's what we lost in the Civil War. That's not acceptable. So, we couldn't have done it, you know, to bull through, as we call it. To bull through it. Just, like, treat like a flu. If we did that -- so we made the right moves. Now we have to get our country open again. You all know that.

But this was great. I thought -- so did Mike -- I said, "Come on. This will take five minutes." And it's taken a lot longer than five minutes and that's because I found it so interesting.

And really great. Mike, do you have something to say?

I think so. And I think we're making a lot of progress on vaccines and we're making a lot of progress on, maybe, a cure -- meaning a pill. Because, I think, right now I'd like to have that more than the vaccine. The vaccine takes a little longer because they have to test it for a period of a year or more. So it's -- it's something we're going to come -- and -- come with. And I really think we're making -- therapeutically, we're making tremendous, I think, tremendous progress.

And we're going to see whether or not, Mark, whether or not what you did and whether or not what Karen did, and whether or not that that's a big part of the answer. But I think it's -- could be a part of the answer. Let's see. It's -- you know, it's one alternative, but we're going to have numerous alternatives. There is another one -- it just came. You know, the Gilead drug, remdesivir. It just came out. And it didn't come out -- it's a highly sophisticated -- very, very sophisticated treatment that seems to show good promise also.

Well, I want to thank you all. Jeff, could I ask you a question? You're a great reporter and a nice man. Look at you with that mask. That's good. You look very good. You actually look much better, I think.

But what do I know? Am I allowed to take Karen over to see the White House doctors, see if we can help her out a little bit with Lyme disease? Because Lyme disease is a problem and there are some answers. What do you think? Are you guys going to report me for being a horrible human being? For doing something illegal? Did I do something illegal?

And then impeach me. Then you'll impeach me because I tried to help her out with her Lyme disease. Do you think maybe? Because I'd like to do that. What do you think? Should I do it?

See, they never like to take chances, but I do. So, we'll take a chance on it. Okay?

Thank you very much. We're going to have a news conference a little bit later. We're going to announce the groups of people that are going to be talking to us.

We've made a lot progress today. You see what's happening with our bump. Our big bump in the road. And our big bump is a lot less than a lot of people thought it would be because of the American people. They've been incredible.

So, I just want to thank everybody. We'll have a news conference in a little while. We're going to announce the people that we'll be talking to. And I'm going to be making a decision pretty quickly.

And it's being done in conjunction with governors. We have tremendous support from governors. And what I do is going to be done in conjunction with governors.

But we'll be doing that in a little while, especially in terms of the people. We have a lot of great people in this country that know the different fields and, you know, we have a lot of -- a lot of skill is going to be have to be used to get our country back to where it was. And we want to do it quickly, whether it's restaurants or whether it's airplane business or whether it's a lot of other things. We have a lot of businesses. And we have the best people in every -- every profession, including medical and including political.

We have a political group, too. A lot of great politicians. Well, some are great; some aren't so great. But I put them on anyway. You know, we want to have a sampling of everybody. So, we have a lot of talent.

And I want to thank you all. You folks are fantastic. And just get better. Get that -- your job finished up, okay? Get -- you're going to be 100 percent. You look great. And thank you very much.

Karen, you and your husband are going to come with me and I'm going to have you sent over to the White House doctor. They have really great doctors. They just wait for me. You know, they say -- they're there for me. But, Mike, too, I think.

Are they there for you, too?

And if anything should happen, you know, it's very interesting. I was with somebody not so long ago and he fainted. He had a bad -- something happened to him. And it was at certain location. And within like a minute and a half there were seven doctors standing over. They had oxygen. I said, "I've never seen anything like it." So, they are prepared and they are great. And we're going to take you over and maybe we can find something for you. Okay?

We'll knock out two of them.

All right? We'll knock out two of them.

Thank you all very much. We'll see you in a little while. Thank you.