Well, thank you very much. We're with the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, who's done a spectacular job in Florida. He enjoys very high popularity, and that's for a reason. The reason is he's doing a good job.

And he came up. We talked about many things, including he's going to be opening up large portions and, ultimately, pretty quickly, because he's got great numbers -- all of Florida. And I thought Ron would maybe -- we're together, we're in the White House. This was a -- sort of, a little bit of an unplanned meeting, and then we said, "Well, let's bring in the press. Let's talk to them if you'd like." And we had some boards made up.

And Ron has a few things to say. So, Ron DeSantis, please.

Right.

Give me that, Ron. Let me have that. I'll hold it.

I'll be an easel.

So you actually have more testing than you have demand.

It's a fantastic thing.

Any questions for Ron?

Ron saw the -- hey, Jon, Ron saw the empty roads. And he was telling me before -- it was fascinating. He saw the empty roads all over Florida from doing this, where they're staying at home. And he said, "This is a great time to build roads. This is a great time to fix bridges." They were fixing bridges down there where normally there'd be a traffic nightmare. And they're fixing bridges and there's hardly any traffic. Very smart.

It's true in other places. It's definitely true with Ron. It seems to be true where the governors have done the proper job using us and utilizing the services that we provide. But it is also true in certain other locations.

Pharmacies.

I don't think that's true.

I don't -- I don't think it's true.

I don't think it's true. Who are you with?

Do you want to respond to that? Do you -- if you have the numbers.

And that's true also throughout the country.

And that'll be cutting off Brazil? I mean, are you going to  Brazil?

Would you ever want to ban certain countries?

Yeah. You'll let us know.

You'll be watching and you'll let us know.

Well, we're going to be in touch on that. Go ahead, please.

So we're looking at that, and we're probably going to be doing that. Brazil has pretty much of an outbreak, as you know. They also went a different way than other countries in South America. If you look at the chart, you'll see what happened, unfortunately, to Brazil. So we're looking at it very closely, and we're in coordination with other governors also, but in particular with Ron. We'll make that decision pretty soon.

Well, we're looking at that. That's a very big thing to do. You know, again, I did it --

-- with China. I did it with Europe. That's a very big thing to do. It's certainly a very big thing to do to Florida, because you have so much business from South America. So we'll be -- we'll be looking at that.

Right. Are you going to apologize, Yahoo? That's why you're Yahoo and nobody knows who the hell you are.

Go ahead. Let's go, Jeff. Go ahead.

That's why nobody knows who you are, including me.

Go ahead.

You ought to get your facts right before you make a statement like that.

Okay, well, your facts are wrong.

Let's go.

No, we're looking -- we're talking to the governor, we're talking with others also that have a lot of business coming in from South America, Latin America. And we'll make a determination. We're also setting up a system where we do some testing, and we're working with the airlines on that.

Testing on the plane. Getting on the planes.

It'll be both.

And, you know, Ron -- Ron said one thing that was very interesting: You talk about ventilators. And ventilators were going to be a disaster in Florida. A disaster. "There's not enough." And we sent them thousands of ventilators.

But in the meantime, you have thousands of ventilators that aren't used, and we'll be able to send them probably to other countries. You'll build up your stockpile, but we'll be able -- because other countries: Italy, France, numerous -- Spain is very much -- we're sending to Sprain. I spoke today to Nigeria. They want -- they'll do anything for ventilators. We're going to send at least 200 ventilators to Nigeria; probably more than that.

So -- but ventilators was going to be a big problem, and now we have really -- I mean, through an incredible amount of work by the federal government, we have a big, big beautiful overcapacity.

And it's the same thing with testing. The only problem is the press doesn't give credit for that because, you know, no matter what test you do, they'll say, "Oh, you should have done this. You should have tested 325 million people 37 times." No, the testing is going very well.

But this is a good example of a partnership between the federal government and a state government. Ron has been great. And some of your friends, some of the other governors, have done a good job. And some haven't done a very good job, I'll be honest with you. Some have not.

They were on call. A lot of people expected it. When we read reports from the papers, I'd call Ron and say, "Ron, I think we're going to need maybe thousands," based on what some phony news organization was saying. And more and more -- you know, number one, it was well handled. But we were ready to move, and we still are. We have more than 10,000. Jared, what do we have? Ten thousand? More than 10,000 in the stockpile.

And what we'll be able to do is help other countries, which is a good thing. Not only allies; countries that need help. We're talking about a lot of countries that need help.

Jennifer?

Yeah.

Yeah, we're working with Tyson.

We are. We're going to sign an executive order today, I believe, and that'll solve any liability problems where they had certain liability problems, and we'll be in very good shape. We're working with Tyson, which is one of the big companies in that world. And we always work with the farmers. There's plenty of supply. There's plenty of -- as you know, there's plenty of supply. It's distribution, and we will probably have that today solved. It was a very unique circumstance because of liability.

Yeah, Jon.

Well, no. I think --

Yeah, yeah. Well, I think probably a lot more to the Democrats, because a month later, Nancy Pelosi was saying, "Let's dance in the streets of Chinatown." You go back and you take a look at -- even professionals, like Anthony, were saying this is no problem. This is late in February: "This is no problem. This is going to blow -- this is going to blow over." And they're professionals, and they're good professionals.

Most people thought this was going to blow over. And if you can go -- we did, I think, on January -- toward the end of January, we did a ban with China. That was a very -- I think you just said, a little while ago, that was a very important step. And then ultimately, we did a ban on Europe. That was very early in the process.

Because if you take the ban and you look at it, I was badly criticized by Sleepy Joe Biden, by others. I was criticized horribly for -- I mean, he called -- he said all sorts of things. We won't even say it. And then he apologized because -- two weeks ago, he put out a statement that I was right. We did a ban --

Jon, as you know, we did a ban. And many people -- Democrats, professionals, probably Republicans -- said that this would never happen, there'd be nothing; no big problem. You saw that, I think, better than anybody, Deborah. This was after the ban. So, obviously, I took it very serious. I'm not going be banning China from coming in if I didn't take it seriously. And I did that early.

Well, I'd have to check. I would have to check. I want to look as to the exact dates of warnings.

But I can tell you this: When I did the ban on China, almost everybody was against me, including Republicans. They thought it was far too harsh, that it wasn't necessary. Professionals, Republicans, and Democrats -- almost everybody disagreed. And that was done very early. And that was a big state- -- because I think we saved -- whether it was luck, talent, or something else, we saved many thousands of lives. And Anthony said that, and you were saying that, and a lot of people said it. It was a very -- I think you'd have a much different situation right now if we didn't do the ban.

We also did a ban, as you know, earlier. We did a ban on Europe sometime after, but still relatively early.

Right.

And the people we let back, Jon, as you know, they were American citizens. What are you going to do? "You can't come back into your country"? You know, we had -- it wasn't like we were thrilled either. I said, "Well, we have these people coming back, all American citizens," meaning just about all American citizens. There's not much you can do about that.

Now, we did do testing and individual --

Well, in hindsight, the states did testing. I know Ron was doing a lot of testing, and the individuals states were doing in cooperation with the federal government. But originally, it was, "Oh, 40,000 people came in." What they don't say -- what the news doesn't say is they happen to be American citizens. How do you keep American citizens -- you say they're coming in from China, they want to come back to their country. There is a tremendous problem in China; they want to come back. Are we supposed to say to an American citizen, "You can't come back into your country"? And we did do testing, and individual states did testing or were supposed to have.

Yeah, anybody else? Yes.

Yeah. We're handling it. Probably today we'll have that -- that -- it's a roadblock. It's sort of a legal roadblock more than anything else. We'll have that done today. You can speak to the chief in a little if you'd like. Okay? They'll give you a specific. I don't know if you'd like that because there won't be any cameras running, but if you'd like to get a real answer, you can speak to the chief.

Who did? Who did?

Yeah. It sounds like a good idea. To me, it sounds like a very good idea.

I think the fourth quarter is going to be really strong, and I think next year is going to be a tremendous year. That's what's building. That's my opinion. Third quarter is a transition quarter. Second quarter is what it is, but the -- I mean, we're -- we're in this period where let's see what the numbers are. Third quarter is transition. I think fourth quarter is going to be incredibly strong. I think next year is going to be an unbelievably strong year.

Kevin and Larry, would you like to say something about that?

And, Larry, I wanted a payroll tax cut.

I thought that would've been the best thing, but the Democrats did not want to give it to us, so we went a different way, which is fine. But I wanted a payroll tax cut, so we'll --

Yeah, no, I think they should've done a payroll tax cut. The Democrats did not want a payroll tax cut and I think that's a mistake.

I think there's a big difference with a state that lost money because of COVID and a state that's been run very badly for 25 years. There's a big difference, in my opinion. And, you know, we'd have to talk about things like payroll tax cuts. We'd have to talk about things like sanctuary cities, as an example.

I think sanctuary cities are something -- it has to be brought up, where people that are criminals are protected -- they're protected from prosecution. I think that has to be done. I think it's one of the problems that the states have. I don't even think they know they have a problem, but they have a big problem with it -- the sanctuary city situation. We'd have to talk about a lot of different things. But we're certainly open to talking, but it would really have to be COVID-related, not related for mismanagement over a long time -- over a long period of time.

Well, it's a very --

-- very simple distinction to make. Yeah. We're not looking to do a bailout for a state that's been -- it's unfair to -- it's unfair to many of the states, most of the states that have done such a good job. Okay?

Anything else? Thank you very much.

Go ahead, Jeff.

Say it?

Yeah.

I just don't want to comment on it, okay? I don't want to comment on it. I just wish him well. I don't want to comment on it.

The Democrats, they don't want to come back. They don't want to come back. I think they should be back here, but they don't. They're enjoying their vacation and they shouldn't be. This is a time --

Yeah, I think they are. I think they are.

If you look at Nancy Pelosi eating ice cream on late-night television -- yeah, I think they probably are. They're having a good time. I think they should be back. I think they should all come back and we should work on this together.

Thank you very much, everybody.