Two years ago, I was honored to tell John Ponder's story of transformation in the Rose Garden, on the National Day of Prayer. Today, I'm thrilled to welcome him back to the White House. John's life is a beautiful testament to the power of redemption. John grew up without his father. As he tells it, my mother was strong, but she wasn't able to keep us out of the gangs and off of the streets, and they were violent streets.

At the age of 38, he was arrested for bank robbery. While Jon was in prison, he began reading the Bible and listening to Christian radio. One day he heard Reverend Billy Graham on the radio proclaim, "Jesus wants to be Lord of your life". On that day, Jon dedicated his life to Christ. He spent the rest of his time in prison, studying the Bible.

When he was released, he heard a knock at his door.

It was the officer who put him in jail, FBI Special Agent Richard Beasley, who said, "I want you to know that I've been praying for you." Now, Richard and John are best friends and we are grateful that Richard is here with us today. In the last 10 years, since Jon was released, he has created one of the most successful reentry programs, Hope for Prisoners, in Las Vegas.

I was led to speak there earlier this year. As Jon says, Hope for Prisoners is a movement that began as a dream, in a tiny prison cell and is now making a difference in the lives of thousands, truly bringing a hope that there is an opportunity and a community that is waiting and willing to offer them a second chance.

Jon, we honor your devotion to showing returning citizens that they are not forgotten. We believe that each person is made by God for a purpose. I will continue to give all Americans, including former inmates, the best chance to build a new life and achieve their own American dream and a great American dream it is.

Now, I'd like to ask John and Richard to say a few words.

Now, I'd like to invite Jon's wife, Jamie, to join us as I grant Jon, I'm not sure you know this, a full pardon. I don't know if you know that Jamie. Come on over here. It's just an honor. You have done incredible work.

All of Las Vegas and all of Nevada and all of every place in this country is very proud of you the job you've done, bringing people back. You're right. I was supposed to be there for five minutes. I stayed for an hour and a half --

Because it was so interesting to me. Congratulations --

...to both of you, sir.

Richard, thank you very much for the job you do.

Fantastic.

Okay. I think I 'll give it to Jamie. What do you think?