Okay, thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the world leaders in American oil and gas and, really, I could say, the world leaders, period, when it comes to energy and American energy. The biggest companies anywhere -- anywhere in the world.

I want to thank Secretary of the Interior, David Bernhardt; Secretary of Energy, Dan Brouillette; and Ambassador Robert Lighthizer for being here.

We're also joined by Leader Kevin McCarthy, Senators John Cornyn, Kevin Cramer, Ted Cruz, and Dan Sullivan. Thank you. These are people that really want to see good energy at the good price.

With us as well are Greg Garland of Phillips 66, Dave Hager of Devon Energy, Harold Hamm of Continental Resources, Jeff Hildebrand of Hilcorp Energy, Vicki Hollub of Occidental Petroleum, Mike Sommers of the American Petroleum Institute, Kelcy Warren of Energy Transfer Partners, Mike Wirth of Chevron, and Darren Woods of an extremely small company known as Exxon Mobil. Well, it's smaller today than it was four weeks ago --  -- by about half, right? That's all right. It'll be better than ever.

Today we'll discuss the impact of the coronavirus on American energy industry. As the pandemic brought on by global economy -- I mean, it's an incredible thing that's happened. Nobody thought this was possible. We had the greatest economy in the world. Probably, you were doing -- all of you -- the best ever. Everybody was doing the best ever. And then, all of a sudden, they said, "You have to shut down the country," and they have to shut down the world, because the whole world is shut down, not the country. The whole world is shut down: 151 countries. Probably, it's higher than that now. That was as of a week ago.

So the entire world is shut down, trying to get rid of this scourge. And -- and we'll do it.

I thought what I might do is go around the room and you just introduce yourselves to the media real quickly, and then we'll have a discussion afterwards. You know, our 2.2-trillion-dollar relief package includes provisions to allow businesses to deduct their losses this year against taxes they paid in previous years, which gets you a lot of liquidity. And a lot of companies need the liquidity right now.

And hopefully we're going to be back in business very soon. We're going to be open very soon. This country wasn't built to be closed. And, essentially, we have a closed country. Nobody has ever heard of a thing like this.

But this was -- I was with some of the leading professionals, and they say not since 1917 has there been anything like this. 1917 was a time when, I guess, you could say, 50, 75, or 100 million -- you hear different estimates -- people died. Think of that: 100 million. Maybe 100 million people died. So they had no communications. They weren't able to shut things down like we are doing.

But that was a -- that was a plague. That was a plague. It started here, actually. It went to Europe. We were badly affected, but Europe was really affected. So that was the worst.

So not since 100 years ago -- more than 100 years ago has this -- a thing like this happened.

I just want to start by saying it's an honor to be with you. I know most of you, one way or the other. Some of you I know, and -- but I know all of you by seeing you on the covers of all the business magazines and the magazines. And you've done a great job, and we'll work this out and we'll get our energy business back. I'm with you 1,000 percent. It's a great business. It's a very vital business. And, honestly, you've been very fair. You've kept energy prices reasonable for a long period of time. We've got a long period of time with very reasonable energy prices.

So I want to thank you all for being here. And maybe we'll start with Mike. Please.

Thank you, Mike, very much. Appreciate it.

Hi, Vicki.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Vicki.

We'll get it done, Dave. Thank you very much.

We think it's going to come back quickly. It's -- it's ready. We're ready. And we've got the right packages out there. So --

Very good. We're looking at a -- I think we're going to be really looking very seriously at a infrastructure package where -- it's so important for our country.

You know, as of this moment, Darren, we have $7 trillion-plus in the Middle East. For what? For what reason? And we don't put money in our own country. So we're going to do a big -- a big package on infrastructure fairly soon, I think, and that's very important. And it's great for you, great for everybody.

Darren, please.

Good. Great job you've done. Thank you.

That's great. Great job you're doing.

I think President Putin and the Crown Prince want something to happen badly. Certainly terrible for them, what's happening, too. So they want to see something happen. I've spoken to both of them and we'll tell you about that in a little while. Okay?

Thank you very much.

Good. That's great.

Thank you.

Great job. Thank you.

And everyone loves that guy, right? We all do. Thank you very much, Kelcy. Great. Great job you're doing, too.

He's not an oil and gas man. He's a wonderful person and a wonderful politician and he wants to see the industry get strong again. So, Kevin, do you have anything to say, by the way?

Yeah.

It's doing well.

Thank you, Kevin. And as you just said, the Bank of America, in particular, has really -- of the big banks -- has really stepped into it. They have done a fantastic job. Today, it's over --

Yeah. Bank of America has been unbelievable. And I want to thank them. I want to thank all of the community banks and the smaller banks that have been loaning a lot of money -- paycheck. It's all about the paycheck. And that -- nobody would have believed it could have gone so well.

So it's -- it's just a number of hours. But the numbers are far greater than we would have anticipated. So it's been really great.

And thank you to all the banks, but again, in particular, Bank of America. They really stepped right up and they did it. There were no big deals. They weren't making a big deal out of anything. So that was terrific.

And I think what we want to do -- John Cornyn, please. I know how you are so involved in this, coming from the great state of Texas. Would you like to say a couple of words, John?

Thanks very much, John. Really good job. And John agrees -- we were talking about it the other day -- that you've all done well, but you've also kept energy very affordable, really. Very, very affordable and very -- a lot of it. We never had any problems. And we're going to keep it that way.

Do I see Dan back there? Dan?

I was looking -- I thought that looked like Dan.

Thank you very much, Dan.

And Kevin Cramer, North Dakota. People don't realize how big a producer North Dakota is. Right?

Harold -- Harold knows, that's for sure.

Yeah.

Well, it's gone up. It's gone up. And we have to. Otherwise, we do -- we lose a lot of jobs too. We're talking about one of the big job producers anywhere, Kevin, right?

Would you have anything to say?

Right.

Thank you, Mike.

Thank you. Very good.

I think he's around here.

Where -- where is Senator Cruz?

I can't believe it. He's gone -- he's gone over to the evil side.  That's terrible.

Cruz, what are you doing there?

Good. Thank you very much, Ted. And while you're up, the concept, and, for instance -- I think we should say it in front of the media -- but oil reserves, storing oil. We're filling up the national reserves, as you know. We're getting the oil at a great price.

But at these prices -- in fact, Kevin and I have been speaking about it; John and I have been speaking about it -- at these prices, you would think you'd want to fill up every cavity that we have in this country. And there's some areas in Louisiana and other areas that could be filled up; they hold a lot of oil.

But at these prices -- and it would be good and it would keep everybody working -- but you would think you'd want to fill up those areas. What do you think of that, Ted?

Yeah.

Yeah. No, it's --

Twenty-dollar oil. Think of it.

Twenty dollars.

It's politics.

It's all right.

I think you should go back though, Kevin. I think you should go back and see, John, if you guys can go back and do a separate bill.

And beyond that, you know, I think it's 75 million barrels right now to fill it up. That's not that much. So it's fairly in pretty good shape. But we have other areas that are bigger, frankly, that we can fill up too.

But at those prices, we should be -- we should be pumping it out. So maybe you guys can check on it and see what you can do about it. I don't think anyone can reject it. Nobody can reject it. Ted, you'll work on that?

Anybody else? David, you guys okay? David, you want to say something?

He's the biggest landlord in the country.  Meaning, it's called Interior. Interior is a lot of land, when you look at it. Thank you. Great job you're doing.

So, Dan, go ahead.

Thank you, Dan.

Good.

I figured you would.  I actually wasn't worried about it.

What are you paying per barrel?

What are you paying?  He didn't want to answer.

What are you paying per barrel? A flexible price or would it --

So we're going to go negative, like interests rates. Negative.

Dan, check out other areas where you can store oil.

And there are some very big ones, bigger than what we have now. And at these prices, you should do it.

Refill it up, right?

Fill up the tank.

Okay, Bob Lighthizer, you've been so great. And this isn't your meeting really, but Bob has done some of the best trade deals ever done in our country. And one of them has kicked -- it actually kicked in on April 1st, and that's with China. And I hope they're buying a lot. I hope.

Want to say something?

He's very shy. That's good. He just wants to make deals. That's all. And you've done a great job. Thank you very much.

We will have a news conference at about 5 o'clock, 5:15 maybe. And so we'll see you in a little while. We'll answer questions.

But this is a great group of leaders, and we've got to make sure that we preserve and even make greater our energy industry. And I want to thank all of the senators and congressmen, the boss here, for being here and for working so hard. They are -- I'll tell you what: They are calling me constantly. They want your industry to be successful and they really -- and they're going to make it that way. We're all going to make it that way.

So I'll see you at 5 o'clock and -- same place. We look forward to it. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Well, would anybody like to be tested? How about you? You want to be tested?

Huh?

We might -- we might be able to do that. You know, it's a great question. No, you know what? I like it. Let's test these guys. You know, they gave us millions of jobs. Listen, they gave us millions of jobs. If anybody wants to be tested, we'll test you. I want to test the head of Exxon.

No. Not for every meeting.