Okay, thank you very much. Today is World Elder Abuse Awareness Day, and we're here to discuss our ironclad commitment to protecting and caring for America's seniors.

We're joined by Vice President Mike Pence, Attorney General William Barr, Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson -- who, by the way, was fantastic over the weekend in various interviews you did, Ben. Really good job, I appreciate it. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert Wilkie, Administrator Seema Verma, Chief Postal Inspector of the United States Postal Inspection Service Gary Barksdale. And Gary has done a great job, especially with spotting drugs coming into our country. He's done a fantastic job.

My administration is working tirelessly to stop the depraved criminals who seek to defraud American seniors, of which there are many. But we are doing a very strong number on a lot of them, and nobody has ever done what we've done.

Three months ago, we launched the National Elder Fraud Hotline, which has already received over 1,800 calls. In three years, we've charged nearly 1,000 defendants involving over $2.2 billion in fraud against our seniors.

This afternoon, the DOJ is announcing a 2-million-dollar grant to help new law enforcement identify victims and bring law breakers to justice.

These actions are just one part of our unwavering devotion to our senior citizens.

Last month, I announced the deal to slash out-of-pocket costs -- you have the out-of-pocket costs of insulin, and insulin is such a big deal and such a big factor of importance for our senior citizens. And we slashed costs for hundreds of thousands of Medicare beneficiaries. Impacted seniors will pay just $35 a month -- an average saving of 66 to 100 percent. It was the biggest slashing of insulin. Nobody has ever done it before, and we think we can even go further. We're working on one -- you call it a "trap," because you have a lot of different traps that get put in your way so that you can't do these things, but we did it. And we think we're even going to be able to go further. So we have $35 a month.

We vastly expanded Medicare telehealth services. That's gone up probably more than any other thing. That's the only thing -- it's probably the only thing you can say about COVID: Because of COVID, telehealth has been used at levels that nobody ever thought even possible. And it's been fantastic. And I think a lot of people are going to continue to use it.

Average basic Part D premiums have dropped 13.5 percent, and average Medicare Advantage premiums have dropped 27 percent. And, as you know, last year was the first year where drug prices, in 52 years -- where drug prices have actually gone down, the cost of prescription drugs.

We're strongly defending Medicare and Social Security, and we always will. We'll always protect our senior citizens and everybody against preexisting conditions.

My administration is also taking vital action to protect seniors in nursing homes. We delivered $81 million for increased inspections and provided every Medicare-certified nursing home with shipments of personal protective equipment.

We are working very, very hard with the governors of the states on their nursing homes because, obviously, that was a very sad situation what happened to some of the states where they didn't do a good job with respect to nursing homes. They were caught unaware. They were caught unaware, unfortunately. So we're working very hard with the governors and with everybody, having to do with nursing homes, because that's a vulnerability; it's a real soft spot, in terms of the COVID or any one of the 15 names you want to call it. There are plenty of them out there. All we know is it came from China. That's all we know.

We now require nursing homes to report the coronavirus cases directly to CDC -- residents and family members. All family members. We're working with extreme vigilance to protect nursing home residents from the virus. And as I said, that's been a very important thing for us to be doing. Everybody -- working with the governors on that.

My administration will never waver in our relentless commitment to keep America's seniors safe. We have to keep all of our seniors safe. And this is a very perilous time, and I think we're going to be finishing up. I think we're going to -- Mike has some very good numbers to tell you about, having to do with the cases.

Again, our testing is so far advanced. It's so much bigger and better than any other country, that we're going to have more cases. We're always going to have more cases. And as I said this morning, that's probably the downside of having good testing is you find a lot of cases that other countries, who don't even test, don't have. If you don't test, you don't have any cases. If we stopped testing right now, we'd have very few cases, if any.

But we do: We're at a level that -- Mike is going to talk about -- that's so high. But we will show more -- more cases when other countries have far more cases than we do; they just don't talk about it. But the testing, on the other hand, is very good because we find out where it's going, how it's going, who it's going to, and we take care of it.

So with that, I'll just say that we are fighting for America's seniors like no administration has ever fought. We're doing a great job in bringing down costs. We have other things like transparency that are going to be coming online in January, February, which will be an incredible thing. Nobody thought we could even get that approved, but we think we will see numbers there that will be incredible, in terms of cost reduction for our seniors. So that's very good.

And, Mike Pence, if you would, please.

Thank you, Mike, very much. Great job.

Bill, please.

Good. Thank you, Bill. Great job. Appreciate it.

Hey, Gary. Go ahead, please.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Robert, please.

Did you hear that number, everybody?

That's a big -- that's a big difference.

Very good. Yep.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Alex, please.

Thank you, Alex, very much. Good job.

Ben?

Thank you, Ben, very much. Thanks.

Seema? Please.

Thank you. Thank you, Seema, very much. Thank you. Great job.

Kellyanne? Please.

Thank you very much. Good job. So we're taking care of our senior citizens better than ever before. There's never been this much effort; there's never been this much money spent. We're taking good care of them. And thank you all very much. Thank you.

Well, I'd rather save it for tomorrow, John, but basically we're going to be talking about things that we've been watching and seeing for the last month. And we're going to have some solutions -- I think some good solutions. And some of it, as you know, it's about great people. We need great people in our police departments, and we have mostly great people. I would say that. I would say that with certainty: We have mostly great people. I know so many of them -- law enforcement. But we -- we will do better. Even better. And we're going to try and do it fast.

So we're going to have a meeting tomorrow. We're going to have a news conference tomorrow. We have a lot of law enforcement coming in and others. And they have seen what we're doing. I've sent it around. I've asked for suggestions from different groups, in particular the sheriffs. And I've sent it to our Attorney General. And I think, Bill, you've gone to some of your people with it and shown it. I think it's pretty comprehensive.

As you know, Congress is also working on it, the Senate is working on something, and the House is working on -- two elements of the House. You have the Republicans and the Democrats. And they're each working on their own. But we can get it done and we'll get it done. And certainly we can add on to what we do, by the work that's being done in the House and in the Senate, if we think it's appropriate. Maybe they can get something passed, and maybe they can't. But we will get it passed, and it's got to be passed by one person, and the person is me.

So we're going to be signing it tomorrow. And we'll have a news conference at some point in the day, at the Rose Garden or maybe in front of the White House at a different location that you know very well -- the steps. And we'll see you tomorrow.

John?

So the overall goal is we want law and order, and we want it done fairly, justly. We want it done safely. But we want law and order. This is about law and order, but it's about -- it's about justice also. And it's about safety. So I think we're going to do a good job tomorrow. I think you're going to see some things that a lot of people thought would not happen. You wouldn't be able to get them done, but we'll get them done.

Again, though, I want to emphasize it's possible -- the House has been also on top of this -- I spoke to the various leaders -- on top of this, can get something. But I think this will be very comprehensive tomorrow. So you'll see something.

Yeah.

I thought it was a terrible -- I'm not going to compare things, but I thought it was a terrible situation. I studied it closely. I'm going to get some reports done today -- very strong reports. And we'll have a little more to say about it tomorrow. But certainly, it was very -- to me, it was very disturbing.

Go ahead, please.

No, they've ruled. I read the decision, and some people were surprised. But they've ruled, and we live with their decision. That's what it's all about. We live with the decision of the Supreme Court. Very powerful -- a very powerful decision, actually. But they have so ruled.

Please, go ahead.

I'd like to ask Alex, maybe, to discuss that.

So it actually un-complicates it --

-- in a way. And I think that's probably -- your question was a very inaccurately stated question.

Well, Oklahoma has done very well. I just spoke to the governor. He's very excited about it. Governor Stitt, who has done a terrific job. Mike, I think you can maybe speak to this. He's done a great job. Oklahoma is at a very low number. They've done really fantastic work. They have a new -- a pretty new, magnificent arena, as you probably have heard.

And we're getting exact numbers out, but we're either close to or over one million people wanting to go. We have a 22,000-seat arena, but I think we're going to also take the convention hall next door, and that's going to hold 40,000. So we'll have 22,000 plus 40,000, which would mean they would have over 900,000 people that won't be able to go. But hopefully, they'll be watching.

But it's a -- it's an amazing -- nobody has ever heard numbers like this. I think we're going to have a -- we're going to have a great time. We're going to talk about our nation. We're going to talk about where we're going, where we've come from. And I can tell you, on COVID or coronavirus or whatever you want to call it -- plenty of names. Tremendous progress is being made.

I spoke with the governor of Texas, where they've done a fantastic job. But he said they have had some outbreaks in prisons. And that's where their numbers went out and the numbers changed a little bit because of the prison population. But he's got it in great shape, Texas. Florida is doing very well. And Georgia is doing very well. We have tremendous numbers. We have hotspots, as I said you might, and we take care of the hotspots.

But many of the governors have done a very good job -- some not as good as others, some very good. But Oklahoma has been a place that, I think -- one of the reasons we chose it is because of how well they've -- because it's early. It's very early. And because of what a great job they governor and everybody else has done in Oklahoma. And we expect to have, you know, it's like a record-setting crowd. We've never had an empty seat. And we certainly won't in Oklahoma.

Mike, do you want to talk about how well Oklahoma has done, relative to other places?

And, Mike, you gave me a number before, nationwide. Overall, how are we doing?

And yesterday's number was, approximately, what?

So that's a far cry from what it was a month ago or two months ago. And it's a lot -- it's 400 people too much. It shouldn't have happened at all. China should not have let it happen. But it happened -- all over the world, it's happened, which is a very sad thing. But our number is really the low-water mark, and it's getting better, and it'll -- it'll end up being gone.

We're making very good headway with respect to vaccines, Alex, and we're making very good headway therapeutically and a cure-wise. Really -- I think really, really tremendous headway. I've seen the results. I've met with some of the people that do the work. Smart people. Great people. People that have succeeded before. I think vaccines are coming along far in advance of what they thought they would be. And I think we'll have some very good news for you on vaccines and therapeutics and cures, frankly. Because, I guess, you know, if you look at therapeutics, if it acts fast enough, I bet you call it a cure. Wouldn't you say? And so I think we're going to have some very good news on that.

But we're at a low -- a low mark. And some of them, like in Texas, where you had a prison population that was -- that went heavy, and now it's controlled. So we understand the disease. We've learned.

I was with the governor of New Jersey the other night, and we had a great talk about economic development. And we're going to be doing a big bridge that they've been looking for for -- I guess, he said since 1918 they've been looking to redo it. So that's a long -- that's a long time. But -- and we've agreed to that. It's about $900 million.

But he had mentioned 2,500 deaths -- or 12,500 deaths -- 12,500 deaths and, out of that, there was one death under 18. I said, "Say it again?" So it was over 12,000, and I guess that the exact number was 12,500. And they did the study from that point. And, out of that, one death was under the age of 18, which is pretty amazing. I knew it was -- which tells me the schools, hopefully, are going to be back in the fall. They're going to be back in full blast. But the young people, they have very strong immune systems. I imagine that's the reason. But they've come out of this at a level that's really inconceivable.

By the way, the regular flu, other flus, other things, SARS or H1N1 -- any of them -- if you look at the young people, they were affected like everybody else. But for whatever reason, with respect to COVID, the numbers are very, very low.

So, yeah, please.

Yeah, he's asked -- he's asked for it, and we're sending it. Well, I can't complain about it. I took it for two weeks, and I'm here. Here we are. And we've had some great studies. I didn't know about the report that Jeff asked about or the statement. But we've had some great reports from -- coming out of France, coming out of Spain, coming out of other places.

The only place we don't get necessarily reports are coming out of Alex's agency or wherever they come from. I don't understand that, Alex. What is it exactly? Because I have heard -- I've had so many people that were so thrilled with the results from hydroxy. So, what is that exactly?

People that were, like, seriously ill. Like, they weren't going to make it. "Let's give them a little hydroxy." And then they don't make it. And they say, "Oh, wow, maybe the President was wrong." All I know is that we've have some tremendous reports. I've had a lot of people tell me that they think it saved their lives.

You know the one woman who is a fantastic woman -- the representative from Detroit. She -- she was fantastic. But there are many people like that that say the same thing. So, I don't know. But I took it and I felt good about taking it. I don't know if it had an impact, but it certainly didn't hurt me. I feel -- I feel good. I feel good.

Yeah.

I don't know. I have to see what they're asking. I have no idea what they're asking.

I have -- I have no idea what they're asking.

Well, I'll take a look at it. The World Health Organization has been very disappointing. To the world, they've been disappointing. And we, as you know, paid $450 million and close to $500 million on some years. But for years and years, we paid far more than anybody else. And they've been a puppet of China.

And -- so, no, I'm not reconsidering, unless they get their act together, and I'm not sure they can at this point. But, maybe, certainly over the years, they might. But they have been a disaster. They were wrong on every call, including when I said we're going to close up the United States to people coming in from China, where China was heavily infected at that time and possibly still is.

And I closed it, and that was a wise decision. There were a lot of people, even on the other side -- the enemy; we'll call them the enemy -- they said that was an incredible decision. "I don't know how Trump made that decision, but he made that decision," and we saved thousands of lives -- hundreds of thousands of lives.

Yeah, go ahead.

No, no, behind you, please.

Well, I don't know. I'd have to ask the Attorney General. But I will say, if he's doing a book, I think it's totally inappropriate that he does a book.

I think -- the guy, I gave him a break. He couldn't get Senate-confirmed. He was never Senate-confirmed the first time. I don't think he's supposed to even be calling himself an ambassador because he couldn't get Senate-confirmed. He got in through a little trick, and he was there for a fairly short period of time.

I put him here because he couldn't get Senate-confirmed. This was a non-Senate-confirmed position, as you know. He stayed for a short while, and I felt that it was not appropriate that he stay any longer. I wasn't impressed.

And somebody said he went out and wrote a book. If he wrote a book -- I can't imagine that he can because that's highly classified information. Even conversations with me, they're highly classified. I told that to the Attorney General before. I will consider every conversation with me, as President, highly classified.

So that would mean that if he wrote a book and if the -- the book gets out, he's broken the law. And I would think that he would have criminal problems. I hope so. Otherwise -- I mean, they put a sailor in jail because he sent a photograph of his bed and an engine of an old submarine. And this guy is writing -- writing things about conversations or about anything, and maybe he's not telling the truth. He's been known not to tell the truth a lot.

So we'll have to see what the book is all about. But, you know, a lot of people are upset with him for writing a book. A lot of people are very angry with him for writing a book. But it's up to the Attorney General.

Bill, do you have anything to say about it?

And that's criminal liability, by the way. you're talking about. You're not talking about, like, he's got to return three dollars that he made on a book. That's called criminal liability. That's a big thing. You know, Hillary Clinton, she deleted 33,000 emails. And if we ever found out what those emails say, she would've had a liability. That's what you have: You have liability.

Hasn't been released.

He never completed the process. He knew that.

I have not read it. No. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it, but he --

-- he knows and he was advised not to write it. And he was advised very strongly not to write it until it's cleared. And he couldn't wait, and we'll see what happens.

But I think he's got -- personally, I would imagine he has cr- -- like a -- when you do classified, that, to me, is a very strong criminal problem. And he knows he's got classified information. Any conversation with me is classified. Then it becomes even worse if he lies about the conversation, which I understand he might have, in some cases. So we'll see what happens. They're in court or they'll soon be in court. But he understands he did not complete a process or anywhere near complete a process.

So we have 52,000 soldiers in Germany. That's a tremendous amount of soldiers. It's a tremendous cost to the United States. And Germany, as you know, is very delinquent in their payments to NATO. And they're paying 1 percent, and they're supposed to be at 2 percent. And the 2 percent is very low; it should be much more than that. So they're delinquent of billions of dollars, and this is for years. Delinquent. So we're removing a number down to -- we're putting the number down to 25,000 soldiers. We'll see what happens. But Germany has not been making payment.

In addition to that, I was the one that brought it up. Everybody talks about "Trump with Russia" -- well, I brought this up a long time ago: Why is Germany paying Russia billions of dollars for energy, and then we're supposed to protect Germany from Russia? How does that work? It doesn't work.

So Germany is delinquent. They've been delinquent for years, and they owe NATO billions of dollars. And they have to pay it. So we're protecting Germany and they're delinquent. That doesn't make sense. So I said, "We're going to bring down the soldier count to 25,000 soldiers." It varies. It's around 52,000 now, but it varies. But it's a lot and, as you know, those are well-paid soldiers. They live in Germany. They spend vast amounts of money in Germany. Everywhere around those bases is very prosperous for Germany. So Germany takes, and then, on top it, they treat us very badly on trade.

We have trade with the EU -- and Germany being the biggest member. Very, very badly on trade. And we're negotiating with them on that, but right now I'm not satisfied with the deal they want to make. They've cost the United States hundreds of billions of dollars over the years on trade, so we -- we get hurt on trade and we get hurt on NATO.

Now, with NATO, I've raised other countries $140 billion; they're paying $140 billion more because I interceded. I said, "Look, you know, we're protecting you. You have to pay your bills." Because it was going like this until I got here. Now it's gone like a rocket ship. But one of the only countries that hasn't agreed to pay what they're supposed to pay is Germany. So I said, "Until they pay, we're removing our soldiers -- a number of our soldiers by about half." And then, when we get down to 25,000, we'll see where we're going.

But Germany has been delinquent. And why should we be doing what we're doing if they don't pay? And they're supposed to pay. And the number they're supposed to pay, actually, at 2 percent -- the 2 percent should be higher. And we're also talking about for many years. This isn't a new phenomenon. This has going on for many years, where they've taken advantage of the United States.

But everybody has -- under Biden and under Obama. What they've done to this country is unbelievable. And I'm not only talking about Germany, by the way; I'm talking about plenty of other countries.

But NATO now is paying $140 billion more. If you look at Secretary -- the Secretary General, who's terrific -- Stoltenberg -- he's been terrific. He's probably my biggest fan. He said, "Nobody else could've done what Trump did," because I raised the other countries by $140 billion. Because we end up paying the difference; the United States pays the difference to protect Europe.

So we protect them and then they take advantage of us on trade for many, many years. We're not talking about now. Less so now. For many years. So we're working on a deal with them, but it's -- it's very unfair. And I would say, by far, the worst abuser is Germany.

Yeah. One hundred percent.

They're not negotiating. You know what they're negotiating? Garbage removal. They're nego- -- these people have taken over a vast part, a major part, a very good part of a place called Seattle. Seattle is big stuff. That's a major city. And we have a governor who's a stiff, and we have a mayor who said, "Oh, this going to be a lovefest."

And, by the way, these are violent people that took it over. These are not people that are nice people. I saw on your network today, John -- I saw what went on with the hitting and the punching and the beating and all the other things going on in Seattle.

And you have a governor that doesn't do a damn thing about it. And you have a mayor that doesn't know she's alive. She's talking about, "It's going to be a lovefest this summer." No, if they don't do the job, I'll do the job, and I've already spoken to the Attorney General about it.

But if they don't do the job, we will do the job.

About 10 different things. Eith- -- any one of which will solve the problem quickly.

We don't have to go through any list. We can do a lot of things.

I think it's incredible also that the radical-left press doesn't cover it. They're acting like nothing happened. You turn on the news, you look at the news, you look -- you don't even see stories about them. If the right ever took over a city, conservative Republicans took over a city, it would be the biggest story in history. You can't even find stories about Seattle. It's incredible.

They've taken over -- we'll see. They ta- -- I'll tell you what: The American public is very angered by that. Seattle is a major, important city. And the Democrats -- I guess you can say "radical left," but it's not even radical left; it's just Democrat. Where we have a problem are Democrat-run cities.

If you look at Minneapolis, if you look at other cities that have had trouble, they're Democrat in virtually every case that I can think of. I can't think of one other case. These are Democrat-run cities. Minneapolis where the police are told to run -- "Run. Run for your lives. Don't do anything." And if I didn't get involved and send in the National Guard -- and it was at my insistence that they did that. And as soon as I did that, everything stopped in Minneapolis -- four days, five days later.

No, there is no timeline. We're watching it very closely. These are violent people that are dealing violently. And I think what we'd -- what I like to see before we do something, I'd like to see the press get in and cover it because they're not -- it's not that they're covering it badly. They're hardly covering at all.

Think of this: A group -- Antifa and others, radical lefts -- they went into a major U.S. city, Seattle, and they took over a big percentage of that city. And the press doesn't want to cover it. And we have a mayor who is scared stiff. She doesn't know what's happening. We have a governor that is one of the most overrated politicians in the country. He just ran for President. He got less than 1 percent. He actually, probably -- I would've said less than zero, but I'm not sure that's possible. He got nothing. He got no votes. Nothing. He -- in the whole thing the guy was out there fighting. At the end, he got zero. Right? Zero.

So he failed. And now he goes back, and they take over a city, and he doesn't say anything about it. Worse: He said he didn't hear -- a day later, he said, "I never -- I didn't hear anything about it." They took over his city, Seattle, and he said, "I didn't hear anything about it."

So, look, the governor has to call out the troops, do what he has to do -- has to call out the National Guard, has to do something. Because, you know, the problem with what happened in Seattle is it spreads. And all of a sudden, they'll say, "Let's do some other city, and let's do another one." And we're not going to let it happen.

So, timing-wise -- hey, we're all set to go. We're watching the process. But the most amazing thing about the process is how the fake news media doesn't want to cover it. To me, that's the most amazing thing.

Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.

Saturday night will be a big night. That's a big night, and I hope you're all going to be there. It's going to be very big. Thank you.