Hi, everybody. Please, sit down. Get things done. Nobody gets it done like we do.

Now, I don't know -- are we letting the media in? Is the media here? I guess we have a limited media because of distancing. And some people think I did that on purpose. But we've been getting along with them reasonably well lately.

I just want to thank you all for coming back because you came back. This is a Republican group, largely, if not in all cases. You know, they look pretty Republican. I'm not sure about Devin. Let's just -- you're a Republican, aren't you?  No, this is a very, very Republican group. And we appreciate you coming back. Hi, Debbie.

And I just want to say a few words, and maybe we'll say a couple of words in front of the media. We just left the most beautiful ceremony, celebrating 75 years -- the V- -- 75 years. And it was magnificent. It was beautiful. It was windy and beautiful. And we have a great country.

And we're rebuilding our country. We had the greatest economy in the history of the world. No country had anywhere near us. And we had the best we've ever had, but we've had the best ever in the world. China is a very good competitor, but we were doing much better than China. And that's before COVID, before this plague came in. We were doing much, much better than anybody. Best we've ever done.

And we had to close it down. It was an artificial closing. We had to just close it down. Never happened -- a thing like that never happened before. We did the right thing. It's horrible what's happened. It should have been stopped. It should have been stopped where it came from, which was China. It could have been stopped easily and quickly. And for some reason, they were unable to do it. I think they tried, but I -- it got away from them, I guess. But it's a shame. And so many hundreds of thousands of people around the world have been killed -- 184 countries.

But we're going to build our country back, and we're going to build it back fast. This group of people, we all did it before and we'll do it again. We created something that has never been seen before.

And if you are somebody that likes history -- and I think everyone in this room likes history; you wouldn't be doing what you're doing -- you would see that and you would remember that this was the year that China was going to overtake us in the economy. If you go back two months, you would say that they weren't anywhere close; that we were going to be there many years of a very -- if the right person sits in this seat, it'll never happen. If the wrong person sits in this seat, it'll happen in a period of a few years or less. It can happen almost immediately.

So we are in a position where we have to start all over again. And we will start all over again, and we'll build something that was even better than we had before, recognizing that so many people have died. So many people have died. That's the one thing we can't do anything about, unfortunately. What I can say is if we did it the different way -- if we went herd, if we just said, "Let's wing it," we would have been talking about numbers that would have been unsustainable and unacceptable.

You look on the screens, you look on television today, and you see body bags and you see mass graves. And we may be talking about 95,000 people ultimately. We may be talking about something more than that. But if you take a low number, one and a half million -- so you multiply whatever number we're talking about times 15, it would not -- it would not be acceptable. It would not. It's not acceptable now. One person isn't acceptable, let alone perhaps 100,000.

So, we're going to rebuild it. We're going to rebuild it back as fast as we can. I think we're going to have an incredible transition. But transition leads to fourth quarter -- third quarter, I call it, transition. We'll start to see it; it's already happening. People want to come back. I think everybody in this room realizes we have to come back; otherwise, you have a broken country. You'll never be able to do it again; you'll never be able to build this miracle. It's a miracle, what we did -- what all of us did and what many people before us did. You'll never be able to build it again. The people want to come back.

You see what's going on at statehouses all over the country; they want to come back. I think some people don't want it really to come back for political reasons, which is sick. But the people -- the real people, the people that want this country to be great and great again, we can say they want to get back. And we're going to have embers. We're going to have fires. We're going to have things to put out, and we'll put them out. We learned a lot -- you know, things that we had no idea two months ago. We've learned a lot over the last couple of months. And we're going to do a job like -- like nobody has seen before.

And I spoke with Angela Merkel today. I spoke with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I spoke with many of the leaders over the last four or five days. And so many of them, almost all of them -- I would say all of them; not everybody would want to admit it -- but they all view us as the world leader, and they're following us.

You look at what we've done with ventilators. We started, and we had no ventilators. Nobody thought in terms of a ventilator. It's like -- and I say it all the time -- it's like building a car. And other countries don't have ventilators. And we became so successful in ventilators and building this very complex machine, very expensive machine -- but very, very complex to have it right, to do it right. Highly computerized. Very technologically significant.

So we built, and we built, and we built. And they took other factories -- factories for totally other purposes -- and now we have nine factories that are throwing out ventilators at numbers that nobody can believe. It was really -- there's not been anything like that, since the Second World War, where we did the same thing with other types of product.

And we're giving thousands and thousands away to other countries that are -- people dying because they don't have ventilators, and they're not equipped to do what we did. So we're giving thousands and thousands of these ventilators away to many countries that have suffered greatly: Italy, France, Spain, so many countries. And Nigeria called. Tremendous problems in Nigeria. Tremendous problems all over. And so they're very happy.

In addition to that, we're building stockpiles for ourselves so if this disaster ever happens again, we have plenty. Some of the governors -- we're working along great with almost all of the governors. But some of them, they needed ventilators. Now it's testing. And we have testing at a level that nobody has ever done before. Every leader tells us the same thing. In fact, they want to know what are we doing. But you don't hear that from the media. You never hear that.

But what's happened with testing is incredible. So as of this morning, we've done eight and a half million tests. And yesterday alone, in one day, we did 300,000 tests, and that's an incredible tribute. Now they have the test where it takes you five minutes. That was a test that didn't even exist. Everything had to go to a lab. It would be sent to the lab, so it takes a day, and then it takes another day, and by -- it takes you three, four, five days if they do a good job.

Now you do a test -- boom -- and you have it in five minutes. And nobody ever thought a thing like that was even possible. That's the Abbott Laboratories. But now we have other competitive tests even with that.

So what we've done has been incredible. We're going to continue to do it. We're going into transition. And I call it "transition to greatness." It's going to be transition to greatness because we're going to do something very fast, and we're going to have a phenomenal year next year. Third quarter, transition. Fourth quarter is going to be good. There's tremendous pent-up demand, and next year we're going to have a phenomenal year.

And with that, I think maybe I'd like to go around the room, and you could introduce yourself and say a few words. And then after that, the media will leave and we'll have some discussions among ourselves. Okay?

Please, why don't we start? I think I know this gentleman, huh? And, by the way, Kevin has done some job. He should have had this job a long time before he had it. But that's okay. We have -- we have a great man, and he's going to be hopefully a great Speaker of the House. We got to get him there. If we get them there --  -- and when I say "hopefully," hopefully we're going to win, because I have no doubt he'll be a great Speaker the House. We don't have to hope about anything. He's done a fantastic job.

Kevin?

Thank you very much, Kevin. Great state. Thank you very much.

Elise?

Right.

Thank you very much. And so, for the farmers, you know, we gave $12 billion two years ago, from China, through tariffs because they were targeting our farmers. And then we gave $16 billion, and this year we're giving $19 billion to the farmers. And that's more money than they've ever even thought about. And it's keeping them in a position where -- really, a position of strength, but they deserve it. What they've gone through for 18, 19 years, this isn't a new phenomenon. This is, for years, they've been ripped off. So we're taking care of our farmers.

Thank you very much, Elise.

Dan? Please.

Well, it's interesting, Dan, because oil prices are now going up, and gasoline prices are going down. That's like the best combination I've ever heard.  So our millions of people in the energy business, I think, is going to be -- you know, that's moving up. But you look at those gasoline prices, and they're really coming down. So I don't think I've ever seen a combination like that. So it's going to be very good. A lot of good things happening in energy.

Jared, you should say something because you headed up our whole ventilator problem that this country had. We -- the cupboard was bare when we took it over. People don't realize it. They don't want to say it. But the cupboard was bare. We had nothing. And I could say that for the military, too. Dan would know that almost better than anybody. And the folks that are so much -- and so well-versed on military.

But our military cupboard was bare also. We had obsolete equipment. We had old equipment. And now we have -- we've never been in a position like this. We have the best equipment in the world, all made in the United States.

But, Jared, why don't you give them a little -- a little talk on what we did with the ventilators and how that just became such an incredible story? And we're doing the same thing with testing, and we're pretty close to a point where we're equally as good.

Go ahead.

Good. Thank you, Jared. You've done a great job. Someday, people are going to appreciate it.  They say, "Oh, he's a relation." Well, he's a relation. If he wasn't a good relation, I'd get him out of here so fast.  Sometimes we have a problem, Louie. I say, "Get Jared on it." So, great job, Jared.

Smart guy.

So, here's another smart guy. So Devin, I think -- I thought about Devin more over the last couple of days than anybody else, because this guy would come in, and he'd tell people what was going on, and nobody believed it because it was not believable. It just wasn't true that they would be doing a takeover of a presidency illegally and all of the illegality that was going on. And he was the first one.

Our superstar, Jim, and all of us will admit this guy was just -- he wouldn't stop. Devin Nunes. He wouldn't stop. He saw it before anybody. And you deserve a medal. You deserve the equivalent of Pulitzer Prizes. They ought to take the Pulitzer Prize away from all of these phony journalists that got a Pulitzer Prize. And they -- they were wrong. They were wrong on everything, and now they've been proven wrong.

I saw where Clapper -- not a smart guy. How do you have not a smart person heading up intelligence? How does that work? Right? You have a man who is not smart and he heads up intelligence. And that's possibly what happened. They ran away with it. But -- but he knew what was going on. And I'd watch him on television; he'd say the worst things. And now I know why Shifty Schiff -- dishonest, corrupt politician -- why this guy didn't want these papers exposed, because all these people said under oath, where they go to jail if they lie, they were totally, "No, I didn't see any collusion with Russia. I saw nothing. No, I saw... " I said, "But he was on television before and after saying there was massive collusion," like Putin was my best friend.

We had no calls to Russia. We had no calls from Russia, for years. And all of a sudden, we have this great friendship. And, by the way, getting along with Russia is a great thing, getting along with Putin and Russia is a great thing. And stuff like this makes it impossible. And that leads to very bad things. Very bad things.

But I have to say that Devin was incredible. He understood it. He understood that it was a hoax before anybody else knew what was happening. And then, I have to say, the people in this room took over and did a hell of a job with you, right? They had guts. They had guts like nobody has ever seen before.

I want to thank you on behalf of our country. And I'd like to have you say a few words.

Yeah.

And I think we should say Rick Grenell has done a great job too.  In fact, John called up -- John Ratcliffe called up two days ago. He said, "You know, I'm really looking forward to this, but I don't know if I can top the guy we have in there right now." And he was -- he's going to do a phenomenal job. But Rick Grenell has --

-- has been incredible. Before that, we had an empty seat. We had an empty seat. But Rick Grenell, what he's done -- even Louie would admit that. And I saw Rick yesterday walking in with thousands of pages of paper into the Justice Department. We didn't see that before did we, Louie? Huh? Rick Grenell did a great job. And John is going to be phenomenal.

Please.

I will say I got you all of your permits necessary from the federal government for water. You know, we throw millions of gallons a day of water into the Pacific Ocean that comes from up north. And when I saw Devin, I say, "How come those fields are all barren? They're beautiful land." All barren, brown. And then they'll have a little patch like this, a little patch in a corner, or a little patch on one side, and it's beautiful green. You could see it was so -- and I said, "How come so much of it -- 90 percent, 95 percent -- it looks like a desert? And you have this... " And he said, "We don't have water." I said, "You mean you have a drought." This was a long time ago we met, right? Right at the beginning, before I got elected. And I said, "You mean you have a drought. And you said "No, we don't have a drought. We send millions of gallons of water out to the ocean to protect a very -- well, I've never say anything is that important; I think everything is important to protect -- go ahead. What's the name?

So you have a delta smelt that's not doing well. It's getting no water, and it will do a lot better if it had water. But they send millions and millions of it -- is that seriously -- is that the only reason? That's the reason they send it out there?

For the delta smelt?

It's incredible.

Well, you know, with the water though, I said, "So, what has to happen?" Well, you need approvals from Congress, from this, from that. You need all sorts of approvals, but you need it from Commerce, more importantly, than anything. I got every approval for you. And you got a lot of the state approvals done through Kevin and yourself and others.

All you need now is a signature of the governor. And those millions of gallons of wasted water going into the Pacific, that's like a drop in the bucket. It doesn't mean anything to the Pacific. All of that water would come right down, all the way into Los Angeles.

And, you know, in Los Angeles, I had a house in Los Angeles; you couldn't -- I sold it. You know why I sold it? Because Secret Service says, "You can't come here anymore." I said, "I might as well sell it." But I had a house, and you couldn't -- you couldn't have water. You couldn't water your grass. They said, "Oh, you're not allowed to water your grass." And then you look at this massive turn. They had a turn. It took -- it takes a day to turn, like a big faucet. And they turn it and it veers all the water out into the Pacific. It's crazy.

So we're all set, except you need Gavin's signature. If you get Gavin's signature, you're going to have water from Los Angeles all the way up. And it's the most incredible thing I've ever seen. I thought -- I thought it was a drought and I said, "You  it." He said, "No, we have tremendous amounts of water, but we send it out to the Pacific Ocean." And it was over the smelt.

So if you can get his signature --

Well we've gotten along very well. Gavin Newsom. We've gotten very well with regard to COVID-19, as we call it. In that respect, he's been fantastic, and we've been fantastic. And he said very generous things. But on other things, we disagree -- like the water, like cars -- because you can have a car for much less money that's equally good environmentally, but much safer, better -- better car.

California forces you to build a bad car that doesn't work well, and there are a lot of reasons for not doing it that way. So we'll end up -- so on that, we don't agree. But we agree on -- we agree on the coronavirus. And, on that, we've gotten along very well.

And we've done a great job for California and for everybody. And -- and he was very honest about that assessment. It'd be great if you could get the water, but you're all set. Okay? You're all set. Just -- I say that to Kevin too. Get his signature and you're going to have so many -- you're going to -- all those thousands of acres are going to be opened up, and they'll have plenty of water for Los Angeles too.

So they won't have to ration. They're going to water -- they're going to ration the water in California. It's the most incredible thing I've ever seen. And yet they're sending millions of gallons out.

So thank you very much. But thank you for -- originally, thank you very much for the job you've done. Appreciate it.

Please.

Yes.

Great job. Thank you

So what the Democrats are doing in Pennsylvania is a disgrace. Okay? It's a disgrace.

Thank you very much.

Thanks, Mark.

I really appreciate it. And your governor is doing a great job. And you're right, though. We banned people from China coming in, and they said, "Oh, but you did allow people." Yeah, they were American citizens, and they were allowed in under very, very strict rules and regulations and quarantines and everything else. But we banned people.

And a number of our leading doctors said that would've -- that saved hundreds of thousands of lives. And that was in January. And I remember being in a room with, I think, 21 people, and I was the only one that wanted to do that. Nobody else wanted to do it. They thought it was -- they thought it was crazy. It had never been done before. Nothing like that had ever been done before.

And now you watch them, the Democrats and the media, say, "Oh, I should have done it sooner." There was -- nobody even thought about it. And a month later, you'd see Nancy Pelosi and other people talking about, "This disease is just nothing. It's going to spread over."

And she wanted to go. And she was actually in -- late in February, she was in Chinatown in San Francisco celebrating, because "this disease is going to be nothing." So I don't -- I understand that. I mean, she felt that and I can understand it. But for them to say much early -- I actually banned Chinese from coming in -- China from coming into our country. It's a -- it's a -- just such a political disgrace that they're able to get away. It's just like Shifty Schiff making the statement today to try and save face, when we have him cold on the papers, on the documents, and in about 19 different ways.

It's -- it's so bad and so sad for our country.

Thank you very much.

Yeah.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

And that demand is coming back. And you're up to $25, $26 a barrel. And a little bit more, and you're going to save your energy industry, really, because we're number one. And Russia and Saudi Arabia, I got them together and they came to a good conclusion for us and for them and for everybody. And once that demand goes up, it's going to be great for the energy industry. So thank you very much.

Louie?

Right.

Well, thank you, Louie. And you've been a great help. And if we didn't win the election, we wouldn't have found out all of the corrupt practices that have taken place --

-- at the top of the FBI, with dirty cops and all of the things that we found out about other people in other agencies that are equally as important. All of this we -- we want to drain the swamp and that's what we're doing. But nobody ever told me the swamp was going to be this -- this vicious or this deep. And we're doing it, and you know.

And not only do they not record, but they write their notes. And then when the notes are bad for them, they go and change them months later. This is a corrupt deal that's been going on. And we caught them cold. And now we have to see what happens. But Bill Barr has done a great job. He's a strong guy and he's done a great job. And not easy -- he's fighting a lot of fights. But he really has been great, and we appreciate it.

But you're right about that. I said I'd like to hear a tape of what the interview was. And they said, "Well, no, it was just... " And they write it out like scribble.

It's crazy. And then they change it. And they change signatures. They change everything.

It's one of the most incredible things, isn't it, huh?

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Dan -- Dan -- I say Dan, most powerful man. Dan Scavino.

And what a job he's done, too. Right, Mark? He's been amazing, and he does it himself. I remember when I was running -- Crooked Hillary had 28 people. I had Dan, and Dan blew them away. It wasn't even a contest. And we have now, I guess, six different sites, platforms. And we have numbers that these people don't have. They don't even come close to it.

So when they write false stories, we can go around them. And it's very important to be -- who needs -- who needs it? I wish we didn't need it, but unfortunately we have to do that, we have to have that, because we don't get an honest press.

Please. I'll tell you, Gaetz, you've been something. He's -- he's out there, Devin. Right? He's out there fighting.

Go ahead, Matt.

I think they've been doing it so long and gotten away with it for so long, long prior to us. And they had that eight years -- the Obama eight years -- that have been absolutely terrible, if you look at the Justice Department and what's taken place; you look at the FBI and what's taken place. And, frankly, prior to that, a lot of bad things went on.

All we can do is keep winning. And if we keep winning, eventually they're going to come around one way or the other. It may not be in that form. It may not be them. Because I'm not sure that you can do that with them. Tremendous dishonesty from Schiff and from others, and they know what's been going on. They know. These are not stupid people. They know it was a hoax. They know better than anybody in this room it was a hoax; they set it up. They're not aggrieved.

I watched Schiff -- Shifty Schiff, nine inches around the neck. And I watched this guy -- uses the world's smallest collar, right? But I watched him to- -- I guess, this morning, talking about it. He acts so aggrieved, so aggrieved. He knows it was a -- he got caught. And not only caught; if he weren't in the halls of Congress, he'd be in jail because he made up phony stories and phony speeches and phony every- -- everything was phony. He's a sick man. He's really a sick man, and he's a corrupt politician. So I wouldn't count on somebody like him.

But I think, overall, we have some really good support. I've had great support from Democrat governors. I would say almost all. Almost all. And in some cases -- oh, look, Andrew Cuomo, the other day, said that I, we, have done a phenomenal job. That's a nice statement. "Phenomenal" -- that's a good word. It's true. But we've had great support.

And Gavin Newsom, the same thing. He said something -- the equivalent of that. So we can work with them, but I think this group is perhaps beyond repair. They're sick. There's something wrong with them.

Mark, please.

Well, I have to -- before I introduce you, I might have to say -- so, we had all of the great NCAA teams here just prior to COVID; otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to come. But we had all of the teams. And one of the teams was the top wrestling -- wrestlers in the country. All the champions -- NCAA wrestlers.

And I saw them, and I immediately knew it was wrestling. I could see there was a little action going over those ears, and the muscles were coming out of the shirt, and I could see by the jawline. And I walked up with Jim Jordan, and they didn't give a damn about the President. They said, "That's Jim Jordan."  You don't know what a great wrestler -- NCAA champion and a great wrestler. And they saw him. Those wrestlers saw this guy, and they said, "Sorry, President, I got to say hello to him first." Right?

So Jim Jordan -- and he is -- he's a champ. He's a winner. He knows how to win.

That's true.

Great. But I -- and you're right, Jim, I looked at this -- I didn't even know anything about it; I see she's setting up an oversight committee. And I'm getting -- I'm getting called by other countries, saying what a great job we're doing. "Could we have some help, sir, with testing? Your tests are better than our tests. They're the best tests in the world." We have the best tests in the world. We have the most tests in the world. "Could we get ventilators? Is there any way? Our people are dying. Could we get ventilators?" Everything.

And they set up an oversight committee about the job we're doing, when she, a month later, was in Chinatown dancing, as I said. It's a disgrace.

But what's even more of a disgrace is take a look at the people on the committee. They're the greatest Trump haters in history. Maxine Waters. Every one of them is -- is people that were screaming "impeach" before I even announced running.

Now, I kid when I say that, because they'll say that's not true. But pretty close. Pretty close.  You know, if I say that, they'll say, "That's not true." They don't understand sarcasm in the press.

But I will say, if you look at some of the people in that committee, every one is a total kill. And it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace that they could do a thing like that. And here we go again. Here we go again.

But we beat them, and we've been beating them for a long time, and they -- they cannot accept it. They cannot accept it. That's why it's interesting -- I could work with the governors, and we're doing it really well, and they're saying great things about me and the job we're all doing. But you can't work with these people. I think they're stone-cold crazy.

Anyway, thank you, Jim, very much.

Kevin, how about a little recap as to how you think we're going to do in that next year coming up?

Right.

And, at the same time, we would have saved millions of lives, because ultimately that's what we did this for. But I heard that statement from you and some others yesterday that almost everybody expects to be back to work shortly. That's very unusual. Usually, when you have something like this, they never expect to get a job again. So that's a great thing.

Thank you. Good point. Thank you very much, Kevin.

Thank you, Lee.

What is she doing? And where is she? What's going on?

Thank you, Lee, very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you, Warren. Thank you very much.

Right.

Thank you very much, Andy.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Andy.

Good idea.

Right.

Thank you very much. Great.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Great.

Good. Good.

Thank you, Debbie.

Thank you very much, Debbie.

Beautiful. Thank you.

Larry.

Thank you very much, Larry.

Well, thank you, Steve. I appreciate it very much. And you've done a great job.

So we're looking at the transition to greatness. And I think it's starting right now. It's really what it is. It's a -- it's a great term. It just came out at this meeting.  That's right. It came out by accident. It was a statement and it came out and you can't get a better one. We can go to Madison Avenue and get the best -- the greatest geniuses in the world to come up with a slogan, but that's the slogan we're going to use: "Transition to Greatness." And it's starting right now.

And I appreciate -- everybody we called, we said, "Can you be here?" They hopped on a plane. Is that right, Mark? They hopped on a plane. Not one person turned you down.

This was just a quickly set up meeting, because the Republicans want to be here. And the Democrats have to come back and they have to get it going.

And they're asking for things that they didn't ask for upfront, but it's what they wanted. And they want things and we're happy with what's gone on. We got what we needed and -- but, at the same time, we want to do what's right for the country.

So we'll see what they're looking for and we'll -- we're in a position, for the first time in a little while -- you would never put yourself in that position, but we wouldn't agree to what they wanted. And it got sort of delayed, delayed, delayed and now they need things and we can sit back and we're going to watch. And we'll do what's right for the country.

But, so, it's the transition to greatness. That's where we are. That's where it's starting right now. And I appreciate everybody for being here. And we're going to have a little meeting after the media goes. Do you have any questions?

Jon?

Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know much about it. Does anybody want to talk about it? It's -- she's a wonderful young woman. Katie. She tested very good for a long period of time, and then all of a sudden, today she tested positive. She hasn't come into contact with me. She spends some time with the Vice President. It's, I believe, the press person, right? It's a press person. So she tested positive out of the blue.

This is why the whole concept of tests aren't necessarily great. The tests are perfect, but something can happen between a test -- where it's good, and then something happens, and all of a sudden -- she was tested very recently and tested negative. And then today, I guess, for some reason, she tested positive.

So Mike knows about it, and Mike has done what he has to do. I think he's on an airplane going to some faraway place. But you'll be able to ask him later on.

But they've taken all of the necessary precautions. I understand Mike has been tested -- Vice President -- and he tested negative.

It can happen anywhere.

You see where it happens.

No, no -- because, well, that -- then it would happen anyway, whether you did go back to work or whether you didn't go back to work.

In fact, I saw a statistic come out of New York yesterday that was pretty strange -- that most of the cases are coming from apartments and coming from homes. What was that all about? I think they said 66 percent. Did you see that? That was given by Governor Cuomo -- that they're coming out of the home. Right?

So, it can happen anywhere. It's a very elusive enemy -- a vicious enemy, an elusive enemy. And I think more importantly than anything, with this one, it's probably the most contagious enemy that anybody has seen.

Yeah, please.

Well, I'm not worried. No, I'm not worried. But, you know, look, I get things done. I don't worry about things. I do what I have to do. We've taken very strong precautions at the White House. But again, we're dealing with a invisible situation. Nobody knows.

When I see that 66 in New York -- 66 percent, where people stay home and that's where they're catching it, at home. Who would ever think a thing like that is possible?

So, the -- all you can do is take precaution and do it the best you can. But Mike was tested today and Mike was tested negative.

Yeah, we're taking very official steps. Mark, do you want to discuss that?

I really am. Look, I understand what we're dealing with. We're dealing with something very serious. And the fact that you have it doesn't mean that it doesn't go away. All right? You can have it and get through it very easily. Some people have a harder time. Most people get through it. Some people are devastated by it.

But the fact that you get it doesn't mean -- I've had numerous people say they have it, and a couple of days later, they're better. Some people say they have it, they think, and there's almost no symptom. Other people have it, and bad things happen.

So -- but for the most part, when you have it, you get better. And supposedly, you're immune. Although, they're not 100 percent sure about how long that immunity lasts.

Yeah, please.

Well, they are. People that --

No, people that are serving me are. The people --

Well --

But we have a lot of people wearing them. I'm just looking around. Look at Shea, White House photographer. I'm sure most of you don't know her, but to the best of my knowledge, she is wearing a mask. Is that a mask? Yes.  I think, to the best of my knowledge, it looks like a mask.

Well, we're in no rush. We're no rush.

The Democrats -- the Democrats have to do what they have to do, but I would say we're -- we're not looking. We want to see what they have. But I can't say that we're in a rush. We were in a rush to get the money out to people. We have gotten the money out. Some money is stalled because of state machines -- state machinery. You know, they have old computers and -- 45-year-old computers.

And we said this was going to happen, and I didn't want to do it that way, but the Democrats insisted on going through this particular apparatus for a certain reason. And that money is stalled. But that's their -- that's their fault. And they accept -- I think they accept responsibility and blame the Democrats.

Well, I didn't say I wanted to. That's not a correct statement. I said -- you said, "Would you be?"

And I said, "If it was good for the country, I'd be. And if it was bad for the country, I'll -- I'll wait to be the last one or I wouldn't do it at all.

No, I was asked whether or not I would do it as the first person. If I thought that was a good thing for the country, I would. I don't -- you know, personally -- and I have to say, I think we're doing very well on vaccines. If they wanted to use me as a test, that's okay with me, if it was good. But that was really the way the question was asked.

Well, I feel about vaccines like I feel about tests. This is going to go away without a vaccine. It's going to go away, and it's -- we're not going to see it again, hopefully, after a period of time. You may have some -- some flare-ups and I guess, you know, I would expect that. Sometime in the fall, you'll have flare-ups maybe. Maybe not. But according to what a lot of people say, you probably will. We'll be able to put them out. You may have some flare-ups next year, but eventually, it's going to be gone. I mean, it's going to be gone.

You know, there are some viruses and flus that came, and they went for a vaccine, they never found the vaccine, and they've disappeared. They've never shown up again. They got -- they die too, like everything else. They die too.

And so, whether we do or not, I think great progress is being made by Johnson & Johnson, by Oxford, and some others -- NYU, I see, is very advanced. But if you don't get it, this is going to go away at some point.

I just rely on what doctors say. They say it's going to go -- that doesn't mean this year, it doesn't mean it's going to be gone, frankly, by the fall or after the fall. But eventually, it's going to go away. The question is will we need a vaccine? At some point, it will probably go away by itself. If we had a vaccine, that would be very helpful. I'd be very happy to have a vaccine.

No, I listen to them. I have a lot of respect for them. Dr. Birx, Dr. Fauci -- and we have some other people that are very good. No, I listen to them very, very intently.

Talk up. You have a mask on your face.

A lot. A lot.

Which protocols?

No, because I'm relying on the governors, and the governors are the ones that are doing that. And if I see something wrong, I'll clamp down on it very hard and very strongly. But I'm relying on 50 very talented governors. I don't think they are all talented, but many of them are very talented.

They're released. They know what to do and they know what they're doing, and we're going to see. But I'm relying on the governors to do their individual states and they're relying on us very strongly for advice and also for help, with respect to equipment, hospitals, beds, ventilators, but also medical supplies. So they're relying on us, and we're able to get them everything they need, if they can't get them. Ideally, they can get it.

But much of the things that we're getting and we've gotten for them, we're able to stockpile in their states. So we're sending it around. We're sending more than they need. So if this should happen again, they're going to be ready this time.

You have to put out the fires. Then you're going to have to put out the fires, and the governors should be able to do that.

Well, I think the unemployment numbers are going to go way up. And the statement that Kevin made is incredible. The -- everybody expects to have a job back very shortly. That's not a normal situation. You go into a bad, bad economy -- you know, a deep recession or worse -- nobody expects to have a job ever again. Everybody expects -- I saw that chart. Almost everybody expects that they'll be working again.

This was an artificial turning off of a tremendous economy. We did the right thing because we saved millions of lives, probably millions of lives. But this was just -- all of a sudden, one day, we had to turn it off. When we turn it back on, which we've just started doing, I think it's going to come back blazing. I think next year has a chance to be one of the best years, economically, we've ever had because there is tremendous pent-up demand.

I think the number is going to be a great number. I can't -- I'm not going to say exactly what. I can say, over a period of time, it's going to be where it was. Maybe better. You can't get much better; we were at 3.5 percent. But it will be, I think -- I expect it to be where it was. The demand is going to be tremendous. And next year is going to be a tremendous year. The fourth quarter is going to be very good, maybe better than that.

The transition is going to be very interesting, but you're going to see some very good numbers coming out of the third quarter. It's a transition. I call it the transition to greatness. We're going to have a great year next year. You'll see.

Well, the third quarter, we're moving in that direction. Right? I would say it's starting right about now. We're going to start moving in that direction. But the third quarter will be -- I think it's going to be very good. It's going to be a very good indicator, but it's going to be very good.

But it is a transition quarter. The fourth quarter is going to be good. It could be maybe more than good, Kevin. And next year is going to be -- I think it's going to be a really powerful year, economically.

Well, the May numbers -- we haven't started coming out of it.

Well, we're doing a lot. Look at all of the money -- we took $2 trillion and we're spending it all over because we want to have a -- we're throwing money at it. And over the years, they've learned that's much better than not doing it.

Look at 1928.

In 1928, they raised interest rates and they raised taxes. How did that work out? Not too good. Not too good. But if you look at 1928, 1929, the first thing they did was raise taxes. And then they raised interest rates and they choked everybody to death. And it took 15 years to recover -- more than that. So, we -- we do it -- we're doing it the right way. We have a lot of great students of finance. I'm one of them. And we're throwing money at it.

And I'll tell you what: I've watched some people that -- and read some people that I would say would not have agreed with that. And I haven't seen anybody disagree with what we're doing. And in fact, they say what we're doing with the PPP, with, you know, all of the things that we're doing, is -- is great.

One thing we could do is a payroll tax cut. That seems to bother the Democrats. One thing with a payroll tax cut though, it's over a little bit longer period of time. But a payroll tax cut is something that some people that are very smart -- I'm one of those people that like it, because I think it's really sustainable. I think it's -- it will sustain it. But that's one thing that a lot of people would like to see.

Another thing they'd like to see is a capital gains tax cut, meaning no capital gains -- some Republicans -- or it's true, true hardline Republicans around the table, not all of them. Some people might say -- Louie, might say, "Forget it." But some people would say that a capital gains stoppage -- cutting capital gains, getting rid of capital gains tax -- they've said that for many years -- would be a great thing.

The true conservative Republicans around this table, of which there are about seven -- seven solid -- but I still like the other ones, too.  But they would say that -- they would say that's music to their ears, right?

So, we'll see. I would -- I would be in favor of that. Yeah.

I was.

No, because I was very far away. I appreciate the question. I was very far away from them, as you know. I would've loved to have gone up and hugged them, because they're great. I had a conversation with everyone, but we were very far away. You saw.

Plus, the wind was blowing so hard in such a direction that if -- if the plague ever reached them, I'd be very surprised. It could've reached me too. You didn't worry about me; you're only worried about them. And that's okay because I think they're so pure, it will never happen. All right? They've lived a great life.

But, no, the wind was howling. And I didn't see anybody with a mask. I don't know, maybe there were. But they were -- they were great. I had conversations with them, but I was standing, as you noticed -- would you say I was quite far away?

Thank you, Jon.

Appreciate that. Your book was very good, by the way.

This wasn't really in the schedule, right? I knew him long before I thought in terms of this. But we had one very good story -- right? -- when we were interviewed at the hotel. And he took a lot of guff. They said, "He's not running. Why are you doing... " This was before I announced. And I'd been toying with it for a long time, but never did it, never decided. And he took a lot of guff, but he also got great ratings when he did that interview, so I don't know. But it was -- it turned out to be a very interesting interview, sort of the first, so.

Yeah, your book is very good. Congratulations.

How is it doing?

Bestseller.

That's good.

That's good.

Oh, Dan. Dan is doing good, right? Well, is that because I endorsed his book?  That's a great book.

That's -- I'll tell you, he did something else great. He did a --

-- a thing on Nancy Pelosi that was so incisive. You -- did you see that? He did something that was so incredible. And I actually -- I actually pinned it on top right, Dan?

We pinned it on top. You were fantastic. You've -- have you done this before?

That's true. I'll tell you, great job, Dan. You're a great guy. He's a great guy. So when he -- is that it? Are you guys all finished?

Yeah, go ahead. What kind of a mask is that?

Looks like a catcher's helmet.

That looks like a catcher's helmet. Go ahead. The mask.

I don't know. He -- to me, he looks like a disgruntled employee. I don't know who he is. But to me, he's a disgruntled employee. And if people were that unhappy, they shouldn't work. If you're unhappy with a company, you shouldn't work there. Go out, get something else. But, to me, he's a disgruntled guy, and I hadn't heard great things about him either.

Well, I'll -- I'll just go -- and these guys can give you a better answer than I could, most of them in this room. But I'll tell you what: Number one, they played the son game: "We're going to go after your son." And -- number one. And number two, the FBI guys, as I know it, and I found out, Devin, they didn't think he lied at all. They said, "He didn't lie. He didn't... " They didn't know what they were talking about.

And Mueller's group -- Mueller's gang that didn't find that I did much, did they? After wasting three years. But Mueller's gang of culprits, they said, "He lied." But the FBI, in this case, said he didn't lie. What's the story in that, Devin?

And the FBI found -- by the way, the FBI found he didn't lie.

Okay, thank you, very much. Thank you very much.