Thank you very much, everybody. And a man who is highly respected and a great -- formerly great athlete, at least --  -- in my opinion, he's a great athlete. Johnny, please. Go ahead.

Whoa, I like that.   You can stand or sit.

Right.

Well, thank you very much, Johnny. Thank you. So, this is great, and we appreciate this. This is a very beautiful, good-looking ball.   It's an honor to be involved with bringing the World Cup to the United States. I was involved as President-elect and even a little bit before that. But they called and they said, "Could you help?" And through yourself and your people, you chose the United States.

And we're also bringing some games to Mexico and bringing some games to Canada. And that'll be tremendous. But I really appreciate it. And I appreciate your steadfast movement. You just didn't stop. You wanted to have it there, and I wanted to have it there, and we really did it before we came to office.

Before I got into office, we did that one. But it's going to be very exciting. You know, we have the Olympics coming -- which I was very involved in -- in '28. So between the World Cup and the Olympics, that's going to be very exciting. We have plenty of other good things. But I want to thank you very much.

You've been my great friend, and it's an honor.

Around the table tonight, we have the greatest businessmen in the world -- names that I know very well but faces that I know very well, usually from looking at business publications for many years. And I thought what we'd do is just quickly go around the room, and you could introduce yourself and the name of your company.

These people, we keep them down to a minimum. We could have had hundreds and hundreds, but we kept it down to a minimum, out of respect for you. But I thought you may go down and just introduce yourselves and where you're from, a little bit about your company. Or, if you want to say something, this is a great time to promote what you want to promote.

And you have been terrific. Congratulations. We'll start with you. Thank you, Patrice.

That's right.

Thank you very much. That's an honor. Thank you.

Thank you.

You've done a great job. Thank you very much.

Please. Please.

And that's one of the reasons I'm here. Billions and billions of dollars is now coming back to the United States, and auto companies that made commitments that they'll be announcing. But billions of dollars is coming back to the United States. We appreciate that. Thank you. Please. Larry? You know -- we all know Larry.

Larry Kudlow.

Thank you, Larry. Great job. How's the economy going? Okay?

Okay. He gave us the right answer. Please.

Right.

Go ahead, please.

And a military play, too. Very important, militarily. So, Ericsson has done a great job with 5G. And we're working with your company, as you know. We're bringing down the time periods. And spectrum, we're opening it up. We have Department of State, we have Commerce, and we have the military. So we're opening it all up. So we'll be -- we're in very good shape.

I think we're far advanced, much further than people understand. We got off to a very late start before I got here. But once I got here, we've really caught up. So thank you very much. Congratulations. Great company.

Thank you.

Oh, good.  I heard that. That's great. That's great.

We'll see you at the opening.

Great.

That's great. So you've made about 80 percent since I took office. So you happy to --  -- you're very happy.

He's invested here. And if he invested badly, he's about 80 percent up. That's if you've done badly, and I know you never do badly.  Okay, thank you.

A lot.

Well, he is a great gentleman doing a great job. Thank you very much.

And you're doing very well and advanced with 5G, so that's really great.

And we're giving you a lot of business.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

A lot of great progress being made, I know that. Thank you very much.

Keep those prices down, please.

No, thank you very much. And you know what they can do? They can bring out the dinner, we'll keep going, and if the press would like to have dinner, we'll serve you after we're finished.  Yeah, bring out the dinner, please. Go ahead.