Well, thank you very much, everyone. We're with the great airline executives of the world, really. These are the biggest and the best, and know the business better than anybody. They've been in it for a long time, and they've emerged -- in all cases, head their companies. And we're talking about the effects of the virus on air travel and what they see.

In a certain way, you could say that the borders are automatically shut down, without having to say "shut down." I mean, they're, to a certain extent, automatically shut down. But it's affecting the airline business, as it would. And a lot of people are staying in our country, and they're shopping and using our hotels in this country.

So, from that standpoint, I think, probably, there's a positive impact. But there's also an impact on overseas travel, which will be fairly substantial. And, Mike, maybe I'll let you give a little briefing as to what we've just discussed.

Right.

Good, Mike. Thank you very much. I just want to add, if I might -- and to go a little bit further -- the Obama administration made a decision on testing that turned out to be very detrimental to what we're doing. And we undid that decision a few days ago so that the testing can take place in a much more accurate and rapid fashion.

That was a decision we disagreed with. I don't think we would have made it, but for some reason it was made. But we've undone that decision. Also, when people come in from certain areas, we're doing checks not only at the site of takeoff but at the site of landing. So when they land in our country, we'll also do it; that's if the planes are leaving from certain destinations.

I might ask, Doctor, if you could, I'd like you to say a few words. You've been doing a fantastic job in just a short time. We haven't had much time, but you've really been doing a fan- -- a really fantastic time. Please.

Good. Thank you. Thank you. Doug, do you have anything to say?

Right. Doug is the head of American Airlines, as you know. Maybe we'll go around the room, if you'd like to say something. Please.

Thank you.

We appreciate the job you're doing. Thank you very much. Please.

Are you using different things for the cleaning, the fluids? Are you using different cleaning ?

Thank you very much. Great job. Peter?

Good. Thank you very much. Thanks, Peter.

Yes.

It's true.

That's very good. Chad, did you have anything to say about it?

And, Chad, anything different on the southern border, where we're doing so well? We're setting records on the southern border, in terms of allowing the people that are supposed to be here in, but not allowing others in. Anything new on the southern border?

Good job. Thank you.

Yeah. No, we're doing a good job. These professionals are really amazing. They've really stepped up, like the airlines have stepped up, very much so. Thank you. Please.

Thank you very much. Oscar?

And that's right: You are a heart transplant survivor.

I was reading about that. He's one of the big executives, great executives of our country, of the world. And you're a heart transplant -- I tell you, you look very good to me, Oscar.

You have that one down. Don't recommend it.  But you -- that's a fantastic story. Wow. That's great. Thank you very much, Oscar. Mike, why don't you finish it up?

Great job, Mike. As certain areas get to be more of a problem, we may close them up, as we have done with numerous areas. At this moment, we think we have it very much in hand. We've closed certain areas down very strongly -- in some cases, not whole countries, but certain areas within countries, like in Italy.

We are, I think, doing a very effective job, in terms of that. It's very important. The one thing that we were discussing before is you really don't know what the percentage is. Some people will have this at a very light level and won't even go to a doctor or hospital, and they'll get better. There are many people like that.

Young people seem to be -- you can't say "immune" to it, but they're certainly -- the numbers are very small. And it does affect the older people, like the nursing home situation that we have on the West Coast -- a single nursing home, where we have a pretty big percentage of people. But as things go along -- so we were trying to adjust that number and we're trying to see what the number might be. But if you add, you know, many, many people that have it and don't know they have it or they think they have a cold and, all of the sudden, they're recovering from it, I think that number will probably be a lot different number than the two's and even the one and a half's that we're hearing.

And I think that's an important thing for people to know. I'm very proud of the people in the administration. I'm very proud of the airline business. You said it very well when you said the airline business always seem to pull together. I've seen that over the years and this is a great case of it. And I want to thank you all.

You're great executives and you love the country and you love what you do. And thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Thank you.

Don't ask that question, please. Because they haven't asked it.  So, I don't want you to give them any ideas or you'll end up heading an airline. He'll end up heading an airline. That's a pretty tough question. So, I don't know. Well, they haven't -- we haven't discussed that yet.

Wait, go ahead. What?

Yeah, I think where these people are flying, it's safe to fly. And large portions of the world are very safe to fly. So we don't want to say anything other than that. And we have closed down certain sections of the world, frankly, and they've sort of automatically closed them also. They'll understand that and they understand it better, perhaps, than anybody.

Yes, it's safe.

Well, a lot of people are doing a lot of domestic business now, I can tell you. They're staying in this country. They feel safe because we have a -- if you look at a percentage, we have a very, very small percentage. And a big percentage of what we have is when we brought in the 40 or so people from the ship.

We brought them in, we immediately quarantined them, but you're adding that to the numbers that we had, which were very small. Now, what we're going to do is, as people get better -- because we have -- you know, most of these people are getting better. Some are already released. Some are going home, some are, you know, get a full 100 percent report.

We're going to take them off the list. But we have a very small number of people in this country. We have a big country. The biggest impact we had was when we took the 40-plus people. They're Americans. I mean, I could say, "Don't let them into the country." But these are Americans and they were literally stranded and it was very unfair.

We brought them back. We immediately quarantined them. But you add that to the numbers. But if you don't add that to the numbers, we're talking about very small numbers in the United States. We've all done a very good job -- all of us. And I think the news has been and the -- for the most part, the media has -- has really treated us very fairly, which I appreciate.

I think it's very important.

Well, let me ask the head of American Airlines and United Airlines.

Yeah. Maybe Dr. Birx.

Dr. Birx will be -- Ambassador. And then maybe you can say something.

And I haven't touched my face in weeks.  Been weeks. I miss it.

Doug, what would you say about that?

I would think -- Oscar, how would you handle that? You have a lot of people, they book and now maybe --

I think people are going to be very impressed with what the airlines do.

Yeah.

Okay, well, let's talk about it. Go ahead.

Big difference.

This was a very big move. And it was a -- it was something that we had to do and we did it very quickly. And now we have tremendous flexibility. Many, many more sites. Many, many more people. And you couldn't have had that under the Obama rule, and we ended that rule very quickly. Yes.

Go ahead. Chad.

I think we will continue to have conversations, but, yes, we'll get resolution.

And much of that has been done already. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. I can't believe it -- no questions on the election? This has to be very -- I can't --  -- no, no. I can't believe it. . That was something.

Well, I think the election was great last night. I thought it was great. I thought the results were -- it was a great comeback for Joe Biden. Incredible comeback, when you think about it. But if you would've looked -- if Elizabeth Warren would've done what she probably should've done, from their point of view, he would've won.

Right? He would've won a lot of states, including Massachusetts, probably Texas, definitely Minnesota. So Bernie would've won states that he lost, and he lost fairly easily. But, in particular, Massachusetts. I would say, Minnesota, in particular. I would also say Texas. And some others. So had she -- I put something out on it this morning.

She was really a spoiler because other people got out and those votes inured to Joe. And those people really helped Joe, you know, by getting out early -- the couple that got out and made the endorsement. In the case of Elizabeth Warren, had she gotten out, it would've been a very different situation, I think.

It would've been a very different night. Just that one simple move. Had she left, you pick up Massachusetts, Minnesota, and probably Texas. And those are the three I checked. I would imagine there are others that he would've picked up too. So, Elizabeth Warren was the single biggest factor in that election last night.

It would've been a very different thing, and not in a positive way for her -- in a very selfish way for her. She was very selfish from that point of view. Now, do I care? No, because we're just waiting to find out who we're running against. But when you look at it -- pretty incredible. If she would've -- if she would've gotten out and endorsed -- even if she didn't -- she didn't even have to endorse.

I think there's a lot of bad blood there. But had she gotten out and endorsed, he would've been a lot better off.

Well, now, I think it's a very tough -- I think it's tough. I think Joe has an easier path right now, believe it or not. I see Mini Mike just got out, and he's going to, you know, try and save face by putting some money into Biden's campaign. And we'll see what happens. I don't think that's going to have an impact.

You know, you got to -- look, money has to be spent wisely. One thing this whole thing has shown is that you can't buy an election. It's a beautiful thing. Steyer put in 250, 300 hundred million dollars. And now who knows where he is. He's home, probably licking his wounds. And Bloomberg put in, probably, a billion dollars.

And, you know, sometimes you just don't have what it takes. And I said to him, "It's not easy doing what I did, is it?" So it's one of those things, you know. But it's going to be very interesting. To think that this would've changed so much -- because if you go before Saturday, before South Carolina, I mean, he had -- Joe had absolutely no chance, according to you people.

But they used to say that about me too. Not as much though. I think -- I always felt I had a very good chance. But I'd watch, and they'd say, "Well, can't happen." But it happened, and it happened pretty easily. I think now it's -- I think Joe actually would have the advantage now. You know, if you look at the states he's going to with Florida and others, I think he's got an advantage in those states.

But, again, had Elizabeth Warren endorsed Bernie, you're talking about a whole different subject. And that's not even a question. You're talking about a whole -- because he would've gotten 80, 90, almost -- I mean, he would've gotten most of those votes. So you're talking about a much different thing.

I think -- you know what it is? I think --

Well, I've said from the beginning: It's partially this. It's a -- you know, a big part of this, but it's also the fact that they didn't like seeing what they're seeing. But they don't like -- they don't like Joe either. Joe has become -- you know, he's -- a lot of people are with Joe. If you look at those people, they're worse than Bernie, in terms of being radical left.

I mean, some of Joe's handlers -- and that's what they are, is handlers. I want to be nice, but they are handlers. Some of Joe's handlers are further left than Bernie. That's pretty scary. So, it's going to be that way. Yeah.

Well, it couldn't be less powerful because look what a billion dollars did. He won nothing. I mean, he got so few delegates. It's incredible.

I would say, probably -- well, I know. Now he's doing that because, you know, he's spiteful and he's a spiteful guy. I know him well. He's a very spiteful guy. He's very upset. He made a fool out of himself, to be honest with you. And it's -- he's not too happy about that. I think the first thing he should do is fire his political consultants because I could've told -- I know him. I could've told him very easily, "You can't win. You can put $2 billion in; you can't win." Okay. Thank you, everybody.