I want to thank everybody for being here. It is a great tribute to the banking business. The money that's been done, and the money that's been essentially loaned -- these are great loans for the banks and they're great loans for small business, and we appreciate it.

We're looking forward to speaking with the top CEOs from the banking industry and finance industry. Some of you I know very well and great relationships with. You do an incredible job. Respected all over the world. You're the biggest and the best.

And we're meeting to further deepen our partnership to help American families, workers, and small businesses during this pandemic, which is something that nobody ever dreamed of.

You know, I say it and I say it a lot: We had the greatest economy in history, the greatest economy that we've ever had, the greatest economy that anybody has ever had. And then, one day, they said, "You got to close it down. Close the country," because we have to get rid of the plague. And that's exactly what we had, is a plague.

And it's -- it's -- we're seeing light at the end of the tunnel. You see it. I see it. And I think we're going to go like a rocket ship once we get back to business. There's a lot of pent-up energy and demand.

But I also want to thank Secretary Mnuchin for the incredible job he's done in conceiving many of these ideas. We've talked late into the night. And he and his staff have been incredible. Administrator Carranza, Larry Kudlow, and my daughter, Ivanka Trump, who just wants to have people working. That's what -- I gave her lots of options, and -- "What do you like?" And she created over 15 million jobs working with some of you, but working with the biggest companies in the world. They were training and training like nobody has ever seen. But she started off with a goal of 500,000 jobs, and now she's up to over 15 million.

As our nation wages the war against the invisible enemy, we're grateful for the many ways in which your companies have answered the call to join our national endeavor. Thank you for donating tens of millions of dollars.

Maybe it's not good equipment.

But thank you very much for donating tens of millions of dollars for vital supplies and for supporting small businesses across the country.

America's small businesses are the backbone of our communities. When you look and we hear all about the big companies that we know so well, but the small companies, when added together, are actually a bigger force. A lot of people don't understand that. You do. We do.

Our nation's 30 million small businesses employ nearly half of our workforce. My administration will continue to take the boldest action in history to bring immediate relief to our small businesses.

So when we open up in a hopefully short -- very short period of time, we just -- we're back into business. That's what we want. And we have lots of stimulus. So I think we can actually -- with the stimulus and with the pent-up demand, I think we can really do numbers that are equivalent and maybe even better than we were doing before, within a fairly short period of time. That's what my hope is. And that's what the hope of many of you are too.

As you know, on Friday we launched the Paycheck Protection Program to help small businesses keep workers on the payroll. As of today, SBA has processed over $70 billion in guaranteed loans, which is far greater than we would have ever thought at this time, I think, Steve. I don't think we ever had any number like that in mind. That will provide much-needed relief for the more than a quarter of a million businesses that have applied for these loans. And these numbers will continue to rise quickly. Again, far greater than anything we could have expected.

We thank you and we thank the thousands of employees for responding. And, by the way, we're going to be going for, it looks like, a very substantial increase in the number because we'll be running out of money pretty quickly, which is a good thing in this case, not a bad thing. And Steve will discuss it. But we're in talks to supplement the fund and do more money. So it's a -- that's the way it's moving.

But we're going to help those small businesses receive these loans in record time. And we look forward to hearing about your incredible progress today, because many of you -- and most of you -- are going to be speaking for a couple of minutes, just to say what you're doing.

And we have a lot of media present. The room is loaded up with media, as much as they can, considering we have social distancing. We're practicing social distancing. I don't even know -- when I'm looking, I'm not sure if they're practicing it as hard as they should be, but they are practicing it. And there's a lot of media.

Our entire society has mobilized to defeat the invisible enemy, save lives, and save jobs. Your companies are playing a vital role in this fight, and I'm very, very grateful to you.

And, with that, I'm going to ask Ivanka to start and then Secretary Mnuchin, Administrator Carranza, and Larry Kudlow say a few words quickly. And then we're going to get to you, if you have any questions or anything, it would be great.

As I said today, we just asked Congress to pass legislation to fund an additional $250 billion for the Paycheck Protection Program. So we're going to be raising it up to a new level. And the way it's going, we're going to need that because it's really going. People are loving it. They're really loving it.

So I'll start with Ivanka. Thank you.

And you all have been so instrumental, those that are joining us today, in helping us not only execute, in an enormously swift fashion, the Paycheck Protection Program, but also answer the President's call.

When we began making phone calls a couple of weeks ago to each of you, some of the largest lenders in the country -- bankers, credit card companies -- we asked you to provide additional relief, private-sector-driven relief to our incredible small businesses. And you've answered that call.

Among the things we've discussed and that you'll announce today include policies that will offer debt relief to your clients and your customers, payment deferrals, forbearance, loan modifications, and outright hardship relief.

So we're incredibly excited to have you share these initiatives today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Secretary Mnuchin and Administrator Carranza and Larry Kudlow to share a little bit about the Paycheck Protection Program and the unbelievable lift that your teams have undertaken in just the past week to make it as successful as it is today.

Thank you very much, Steve. Thank you. Please.

Well, thank you. And it's true; the community banks have been incredible. It's really amazing the way they stepped up. I'm very happy. And they know many of the people that we're dealing with, so it's really terrific.

Larry Kudlow, please?

Thank you, Larry, very much. And, as you know, our dollar -- our currency has remained very, very strong. Other currencies are not doing well at all. But our currency has done incredibly well. Very, very strong. A lot of it -- assets to that. And sometimes it makes life a little more difficult for going outside of the four walls. But it's -- it means that everybody wants to be in. And we find anytime we go out, they just want to jump into our currency. There's nothing like it, and I don't think it's ever been any stronger or better or more powerful, especially relative to other currencies and other nations. I think that's a great thing. It's great for all of you -- that, I know.

Ivanka, please.

So, with that, I'd love to start with Brian Moynihan, the CEO of Bank of America, who is one of the SBA's first partners in implementing the Paycheck Protection Program.

Brian, would you like to share with us some thoughts and what you'll be announcing today?

Well, Brian, you've been fantastic, and Bank of America has been incredible. You were right out there, right at the beginning, and we appreciate it. You probably noticed I mentioned your name a few times two day ago, when it all started. So we appreciate it very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Yeah. And a really great job.

And Goldman Sachs -- a friend of mine for a long time, David Solomon. Please, David, go ahead.

Good.

Well, David, that's fantastic. It's $550 million. I hope the media understands what that is. That's a lot. And we are going to work on that. We think you're right. And we appreciate it. And thank Dina Powell for me, please. She has been fantastic. A friend of ours for a long time. And we appreciate it. Great job, David. Great job. Thank you.

Thank you very much. And Darrin Williams of Southern Bancorp -- CEO. Hi, Darrin.

Thank. Thank you very much, Darrin. Great job. Appreciate it very much.

We have Gordon Smith of JPMorgan Chase. Thank you.

Thank you.

Well, thank you very much, Gordon. And that's a fantastic job. That's some number of loans. How you people do it, I don't know, but you do it. And a really great job. Thank you very much, Gordon.

And Wells Fargo? Charles? Are you ready Charles Scharf?

Thank you very much, Charles. Great job you're doing. Appreciate it.

Grand Rapids State Bank CEO, Noah Wilcox.

Thank you very much, Noah. We'll get that done, and we'll get it done rapidly.

Visa CEO Al Kelly.

Thank you very much, Al. And bringing back the travel is going to be a very big thing. We're working with the airlines. And we're going to bring them back. I guess they need help, Steve -- right? -- at a high level. But we're going to being them back. They're ready to go. So thank you very much for what you said and for the great job you do, Al.

Citibank.

How are you, Michael? Hi.

That's good, Mike.

Great job. Thank you.

Yeah. Great job. Thank you very much, Michael. We appreciate it. And, really, a wonderful job you've done. Remember when banking used to be a nice, simple business, fellas? You remember that? Nice and simple. Not simple anymore, is it? Thank you very much, Michael.

The Community Spirit Bank CEO, Brad Bolton.

Well, Brad, that's really nice. I think you're the only banker that will pray for me daily. But I'm not too sure about some of those New York guys sitting there, if they pray for me. But they like me, but I don't know if they pray for me. So, I appreciate that very much, Brad.

Michael, you're up. Mastercard. Terrific job.

Well, that's fantastic, Michael. I appreciate it. And that really is very generous. It's going to be very good for you too. We really appreciate it. Thank you.

This is the last, and then we're going to say a few closing remarks.

And Live Oak Bank, Chip Mahan. Is Chip there? Chip Mahan. Chip? Live Oak.

I think they're too busy, yeah. They're doing a lot of loans. That's all right. We'll miss them desperately. Everybody wants to hear about Live Oak. But thank you anyway, Chip. Good job. You saved us a little time.

I want to finish off -- just, I want to ask Ivanka to say a few remarks, and then Steve. And then I'll say something. But I -- we really appreciate what you're doing.

Ivanka, please.

We are all in this fight together, as a country and as a nation. And so we called upon each of you to do more and to assist us in what is a really herculean effort.

So we're appreciative of what you've done. Stay safe. Stay healthy. Stay supportive of one another. And, really, thank you for doing your part and making these very substantial announcements today.

Thank you, honey, very much.

Steve?

Thank you very much, Steve. An incredible job. And I hope the media here can see what an incredible job the banks have done, all of the people we've just heard from have done, and that the Treasury and all of you -- the small business -- you've never been so busy in your life. You're setting records every day.

But it's really a tribute to government -- really well-run government. And there are few glitches. Very few. Any little glitch, we had worked out within minutes, within hours. And there were a couple of -- a little on applications, and they wanted to work it a little bit differently. Banks had some suggestions. And it was all done -- probably, I would say 100 percent of it -- in the first day.

I just want to congratulate everybody. This has become so popular. It's so good for business. It's so good for our country. And it's the engine of our country. Small business: the engine. They need a little help, and we're going to give them a little help, and it's going to be good for you all. So, it's good for our country. That makes it good for you.

So I just want to thank you. You're friends. So many friends up there. I'm looking at this beautiful screen and so many familiar faces and people I respect and very much admire. And just keep up the great work.

And any time you'd like, I'm here. I'm in the White House. I suggested maybe that, in about a month from now -- maybe when things calm down a little bit, with respect to our hidden enemy -- Steve will set up a meeting and we'll meet with some of the banks and we'll discuss what we can do for you to make it just go -- not just this program, but other programs that you want or that you have, or if you have ideas for us to make the country hum. And that's what we're going to do; we're going to make it hum.

So you think of some ideas. Whether it's a month or two months, we'll meet at the White House and it'll be a very productive meeting. So, Steve will set it up.

Thank you all very much. Congratulations on this success. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, everybody.

Okay. Please.

Thanks. Thanks.

Okay. Yes?

Well, it's moving now.

Separate.

Totally separate.

It just shows you, though, how positive it is. I mean, they're looking at a unanimous vote, and that's something. And then we're talking about we're negotiating a phase four. We'll see how that all works out. But this would be separate.

Well, we're going to have a news conference in a couple of minutes, so we'll do that. Okay?

I know all about it. We'll talk about it at the press conference. Okay?

Thank you. I want -- I want this -- I'd like you to focus on this because this has really been a tremendous success. And then what we're going to do is we're going to have a press conference at about 5 o'clock, 5:15. And we'll talk about that.