Okay. And I heard there was some controversy with respect to the current governor. She never asked me a question. By the way, you have everything right on tape. She assured I came here, because when she said I shouldn't come, I said, "Now I know I'm coming."  I'm like Paul.

I hear there's a big crowd out there, huh? That's great. That's great.

And you folks are going to tell me about the EU -- okay? -- with respect to their tariffs, because they like terrifying things. So you're going tell me about that -- okay? -- with regard to lobster.

You'll speak. Yeah, do you want to speak in front of the press?

So easy to handle.

All you have to do is put a tariff on them and you'll have it done in about two minutes, right? And we'll talk about that. So the EU, in other words, charges a tariff --

-- and, therefore, the Maine lobster people --

Have to pay 20 percent, is it?

Or 40 percent?

So they have a tariff, so it no longer makes it competitive.

I got it. That's an easy one to handle. That's, like, easy.

Hi, everybody. We'll talk about that. Okay?

So I want to thank you all very much. We just had a big press conference at the White House. You probably saw in the Rose Garden -- the beautiful rose garden that was about 100 degrees. It's okay. And the U.S. economy added two and a half million jobs. It was supposed to lose 9 million. They were slightly off. So instead of losing 9 million -- in fact, when they read it, they thought there was a typo. When the numbers came out this morning at 8:30, they read it, and they thought that was a typo.

Probably the greatest month we've ever had. I guess, if you look at the charts, we were -- we gave the charts to the fake-news media; they have them. And probably the greatest month we ever had in terms of that. And we haven't even started yet because New York is closed, which is starting to open. And California is essentially closed but starting to open.

So this is the largest monthly jobs increase in American history, and that's more than double the previous record, which was a long time ago. Economists forecast that the unemployment rate would rise to over 19 percent. Instead, it fell to 13 percent. A slight difference. Right, Paul? Former governor of this great state, Paul LePage. Been a friend of mine for a long time.

We added 1.2 million leisure and hospitality jobs; 464,000 construction jobs; 424,000 education and health service jobs; 368,000 retail jobs; and 225,000 manufacturing jobs. You remember, Paul, under the previous administration, they said there'd be no manufacturing.

And they didn't call that one too well either, did they? They didn't call too many things too well.

The report showed that nearly 80 percent of the unemployed workers were in a temporary layoff. That's a great thing. That means they all expect to go back to work, indicating that they could quickly return. Seventy-three percent of small businesses are now open -- how about that? -- up from fifty-two percent last month. And the S&P 500 just had the best 50 days in the history of the stock market. Pretty amazing. And we've just started. We're going to have the greatest year.

Next year will be the greatest year, I think economically speaking, in history for our country. Only one thing can stop it: somebody like Sleepy Joe Biden. Wants to raise taxes, open borders. They want to open the borders. Can you imagine opening borders right now? Tijuana is the most heavily infected place anywhere in the world, as far as the plague is concerned. You know the plague; it came in from China, unfortunately. Most heavily infected -- or one of the most heavily infected -- right along the border. But we built a wall. We have up to 200 miles now. More than 200 miles of wall.

By the end of the year, we'll have 400 plus, and we'll have it finished very shortly. Fully financed, everything done, despite totally opp- -- we were totally opposed by the other party, as you know.

But they want open borders; that would be bad. But they want to raise taxes, and that will -- that would be a disaster. So I think we're going to have a great victory, and we're going to take care of law enforcement, because law enforcement -- they're saying "defund the police." "Defund." Think of it. When I saw it, I said, "What are you talking about?" "We don't want to have any police," they say. You don't want police?

First, they didn't want ICE. They do want sanctuary cities, which are a disaster. But they say they're going to defund the police. In other words, they're not going to pay police. They don't want to have any police -- the real ones.

And Biden has bought into it, but he doesn't know what's going on. So, you know, he just doesn't know. But the people around him know what's going on. And they want to defund the police. They don't want to have police.

So I want to thank you very much for being here. I'm thrilled to be with my friends from the great state of Maine, with leaders from the fishing, crabbing, and lobster industries. Very important industries. And you never have been treated properly, or at least for the last long period of time.

We're also joined by Secretary of the Interior David Bernhardt and a very good friend of mine, former governor Paul LePage. Paul, thank you very much for being here. You did a great job running this state -- I can tell you that.

As we work to fully reopen and revitalize our nation's economy, I'm doing everything in my power to support American workers, including those in Maine's amazing seafood industry. It's a big industry, but a lot of people have not been taking care of this industry. We have, and that's why we're here. We're going to take care of it even better, starting today.

We were all very excited to see the blockbuster 2.5 million jobs added last month, far exceeding any expectations, not even the wildest expectations. Thought it was supposed to be down 9 million, and it was up two and a half million. I would say their estimators didn't do too good a job.

Under the last administration, commercial fishermen and Maine lobstermen were suddenly informed that nearly 5,000 square miles of ocean off the coast of New England would be closed to commercial fishing, without justification. Is that right? Five hundred -- no, you got to be kidding. Is that right?

So they just closed it? They said you can't fish? But let me guess: Other countries do, right? Huh? They do.

This action was deeply unfair to Maine lobstermen. Threatened to cripple family businesses. It cost America's fishermen millions of dollars.

So they closed 5,000 square miles of ocean off your coast, right? That's amazing, Paul. How did you let that -- how did they let that happen?

That was President Obama. Thank you --

Through the pen. Was that done in the form of an executive --

Is that -- that's this?

We're opening it, right?

So we're opening it today. We're undoing his executive order. Why -- why wouldn't that be -- it's ridiculous.

What reason did he have for closing 5,000 miles? That's a lot of miles. Five thousand square miles is a lot. He didn't have a reason, in my opinion.

All right. So we're opening it up. Today, I'm signing a proclamation to reverse that injustice, to reverse that order from the previous administration, and we are reopening the Northeast Canyons and the Seamounts Marine region to commercial fishing. Is that okay? Is that what you want? Right?

That's an easy one. For me, I can't even believe they can do a thing like that. That's a terrible thing. That's a terrible thing.

So America is blessed with some of the richest ocean resources anywhere in the world -- except when they close it up -- and yet we have a 16.6-billion-dollar seafood trade deficit and import over 85 percent of the fish we consume. No wonder. You have 5,000 miles that's closed up.

Who would think that we -- so we import 85 percent of the fish from other countries that are your competitors, and we have the best fishing areas in the world, I would think. Right? Is that among the best fishing areas anywhere in the world? How does it compare to other locations in the world?

And for lobster, the best. Right?

For lobster.

And scallops. I like scallops. Good. We'll have plenty of scallops to eat.

This is why I've taken decisive action. And we're going to send our fishermen out there. You're going to go fishing in that area now that you haven't seen for a long time. Lobstermen and seafood producers, I want to just congratulate you.

Last month, I signed an executive order to begin an accelerated review and reduction of all unnecessary regulations on the seafood industry. So who's doing that, David? Who's working on it?

Okay. You'll make sure that gets done, quickly.

Okay? This guy, when I give him something, it gets done. Between him and Peter, we have the right people. So, Peter, you'll make sure that -- you and David.

And we've gone through all of the machinations, all of the work. So we can sign this now. It takes a while to get it done, but we're getting it done. Not easy. Because they did it in such a way that it's not easy.

I ordered the formation of a trade task force that will identify opportunities to open foreign markets to our seafood exports. We're going to talk about the European Union, who constantly take advantage of us on trade. Nobody knows that.

And I'm further cracking down on illegal harvested and imported seafood. That's a big deal, too, right? What does that mean, "illegally harvested"? Who wants to answer that question? Go ahead.

So they don't have the thing, so they have --

So, our conservation rules -- are they overly tough or are they ridiculous? Because other countries don't have any conservation rules, right? Most other countries.

Are our rules fair and good, or are they not?

Yeah, can you talk -- can you talk a little bit --

Meaning, the --

Because you're underfishing.

Is that because of regulations?

So, are we then looking at those regulations, Peter, or not?

Because let's do it.

I mean, we came up here for a different reason, but let's look at those.

So, in other words, you have more product than we've ever had before because you're not allowed to use it. You're not allowed to fish, basically.

So, they were so burdensome that you can't fish.

So now what's happening, it's being taken over --

You can't what?

Probably both: You can't fish, and you can't afford to fish.

So let's open it up, Paul.

Nobody better than Paul LePage to get this going, in my opinion. So can I ask you to work on, with --

-- my two great guys, Peter and David?

And let's open it up, okay? And we want conservation. I'm a believer in conservation. But they've gone crazy.

And then, other countries, they don't have the same, so you have a much more expensive product. You have a better product, but you're not allowed to even get it, in many cases. Right?

It's amazing.

So I ordered the formation of a task force. And today I did something else: I put Paul LePage in charge of trying to figure that one out, which you already have figured out, I suspect. You've been living with that a long time. And you've been unable to get previous administrations to do anything about this, right?

Well, they just kept -- they kept piling it on, huh?

And why did they do that? Just because they thought -- environmentally or something, right? Not really. Politically, they did it.

Maybe he was also nice to other countries. He might have also been nice to other countries, right? Like Canada. Right? He might have been nice to other countries, like Canada.

So I ordered the formation of a task force -- thank you, Paul -- that will identify opportunities, open foreign markets to our seafood exports. I'm further cracking down on illegal harvested and imported seafood. That's what your problem was, right? So we're cracking down on it.

I recently signed into law $300 million to help our nation's fisheries. Maine will receive $20 million. And you're going to get more than that now, as we start breaking this crazy thing up.

You know, I always think of this as a great fishing state, but you're so restricted, it really stops you from being a great fishing state.

I'm going to ask David Bernhardt, though, and Peter Navarro to really get involved and get this done quick. This is ridiculous. Okay? Can I do that?

So I want every American who works out of the ocean and works in the ocean, and fishes for all of the different things and the treasures, to let you know that we're behind you 100 percent. You do an incredible job.

And we want conservation. We want good environmental practices -- very important. But we also want something that's fair to you. They've taken your livings away. They've -- I've been hearing about this for a long time, in Maine and other places up here. Let it extend to other places that are also affected.

Canada is given a tremendous advantage over the United States because of the practices of the previous administration and probably others. So we're not going to let that happen. As an example, I heard that Canada doesn't have to pay a tariff going into Europe.

But you do.

Okay? So --

-- if that goes on, then we're going to do something that's going to make -- that's going to make that look like small time.

Right. And what happened to the tariff? Is it on now?

So you're saying China charges a 40 percent tariff.

And how big is the tariff that the European Union charges?

Okay. And this country, because of stupidity, for years, hasn't charged them anything.

Are they the same lobster, would you say, basically?

Would you say they're equivalent, as lobster?

Is there a difference in size or --

-- type? Any difference?

It's the same lobster. So you're set up with a 20 percent tax that they don't have. So you -- so they have a very good thing. That's European Union, right?

The European Union has ripped this country off so much, it's unbelievable.

And it's so easy to solve. I'm going to call them. David, you're going to come in, write a letter, and if they don't change, we're going to put a tariff on their cars until they change. And they'll change right away, okay?

It's unbelievable how badly -- you know, people hear about the European Union -- it sounds nice. They've been almost as bad, over the years, as China, in terms of trade. But nobody talks about it. There's a perfect case: Maine lobster. You understand what I'm saying?

We're going to charge an equivalent-plus tariff to them if they don't drop their tariff on your lobster and seafood, okay? And we can do that.

Peter, do you agree with that?

Do you like it?

Let me put you in charge of that one.

That's a natural for you -- excuse me.

That's a natural for you. European Union charges us a tariff; they don't charge Canada a tariff. This is for the press: So Canada doesn't pay a tariff for the same exact lobster in the same waters, but we pay a tariff. If European Union doesn't drop that tariff immediately, we're going to put a tariff on their cars, which will be equivalent -- coming in -- come in for nothing, which is ridiculous. Okay? Do you understand? It's going to be the equivalent-plus.

It's going to be the equivalent-plus. Watch how fast that tariff comes off. All right? Watch how fast. It should be plus, plus, plus. Okay? I'm going to put Peter Navarro in charge of it. That's perfect for him. I'll take that one off your plate, okay?

All right. Peter Navarro, you're in charge of it, all right? Thank you.

We -- this country has been treated so badly on trade for so many years. We have such bad agreements. We're breaking so many of them up. It's been treated so badly, it's hard to believe.

Canada has been very tough. Canada charged, in Wisconsin -- before I got up and changed it -- 287 percent tariffs on dairy products.

So, think of it. And they kept it at 287. They didn't want to make it 300 because they thought somebody might find out. And until I became President, nobody knew. I ended it. But they were charging Wisconsin and our farmers 287 percent tariffs to send dairy products to Canada. So therefore, you didn't sell and you couldn't compete.

And our people didn't charge them anything.

Canada has been very tough. Very tough. You know why? Because they got away with it. That's all. Because people sitting here didn't know what the hell they were doing.

Okay. But the deal has worked. You know, the new deal is a good deal. It's got rid of all that stuff. But we didn't talk about lobster. But Peter Navarro is going to be the lobster king now, okay?  All right, Peter?

Hey, look, you can do it. Let's see what you can do.

Let's see what you can do.

Broccoli. I --

Well, that's our big thing with the dollar.

That's what you and I talk about. The dollar. The dollar that everybody says doesn't matter.

You want to handle broccoli in the same way?

Is it broccoli primarily, that? That and the lobster -- or seafood, itself?

So where is it done now?

And when you talked about the Obama -- to the Obama administration about this, they did nothing, right?

The three -- the three things, plus the seafood. This man is -- he's a believer. He knows exactly what to do. I don't have to tell him a thing. And you guys will work on the other stuff together, okay?

Any questions, by the way? Questions? There shouldn't be any questions after that. You got more than you would have ever thought.

Amazing, right?

Why isn't your governor -- why isn't your governor opening up your state?

All the states are being opened, they're making a lot of money. That's why we had the good numbers today. You have a governor that doesn't know what she's doing, and she's like a dictator, you know?

Why isn't she opening up your state?

Right.

So she's taking advantage of the system --

But she's not letting them come back anyway because you're shut down.

What would you say about that, Peter?

Yeah.

You know, it works in some states.

Yeah.

The Democrats wanted this. Feather bedding, okay? But the Democrats wanted it. We said it wouldn't work, and we were right.

But honestly, it's good --

It does work in Republican states. But the Democrats wanted it. And we negotiated -- but it's unnecessary.

And it makes it overly complex. But a place like this -- you know, we're straightening -- any further legislation, we're straightening it out. And we just did PPP today. So --

Yeah.

But you see, she's not supposed to be doing that.

So when she doesn't do that, it's fine.

But the governor is playing cute.

That's right. Exactly. So she's not supposed to be doing that.

Let's call her on that, please. Call her, legally. Not allowed to do that.

When is she opening the state, if ever?

Very small

And you don't have a very big problem up here. So why is she doing this?

Yeah, the problem is, though, those three months are your Christmas. Right?

Tiffany likes -- Tiffany likes December; you like these three months. So she's going to get rid of all of your wealth --

-- and you're never going to recover that.

Right.

You check them.

So you're giving away your tourist season this year because --

-- it's starting, right?

So you're giving away your tourist system.

I mean, she must know this, right?

No, no, how does she do a thing like this? She's going to destroy your state. All right, look, I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. We're going to solve your fishing problem. We're going to solve something that nobody thought was solvable. We'll solve it very easily.

And, Peter, you're going to handle that other situation.

That's incredible.

Would you like to say something, folks? Go ahead.

Thank you. It's my honor.

And we're doing that immediately. Are we doing that as of immediately?

As of?

As of when?

I better get going then.

I love that.

And your senators? Where were your senators for all these years? What happened?

What would you do about that?

The monuments, what would you do?

So what do you need?

Okay, so you're going to be okay? And this is going do --

That's a big thing, right?

You're so lucky I'm President.  You are so lucky. I don't even know you, and you're so lucky.

What's happening with that, David?

Huh?

Get it done. We'll get it done. You're not going to have to --

So let me ask you a question: So, European Union charges you a 20 percent tariff. And is China charging a 40 percent tariff, or is that not? What's China charging? Forty?

Or not? Do you know, Paul?

How much?

So you went from 600,000 pounds -- that's the way you go -- to 100,000 pounds? So you're way down.

Is that because of the tariff?

Okay. So, Peter -- so, a corresponding tariff to China for -- pick a product -- a corresponding-plus, if they don't drop the tariff on Maine lobster going into China. Okay?

It's very simple. And I don't mind.

No, I know. That's what they do. They go through different companies.

It's called transshipping --

-- to be exact. Transship. They transship.

Okay, ready?

China, EU. All you do is say, "That's okay. Keep charging us and we're going to charge you a corresponding" -- on something that they sell that's very precious to them. Put a corresponding -- it should be for the same amount-plus.

We'll take care of it.

Go ahead.

MR. O'HARA: Yeah, Mr. President --

Thank you.

MR. O'HARA: -- we operate a few boats here in Maine, but we also operate some scallop boats and some factory processers out in Alaska. And there is a tariff on the flatfish that's shipped into China that stays there. So if we want to ship to them and develop a market in China, they do enforce a 25 percent tariff on it.

What we have available to us if they do process some of the fish, it's shipped back to the United States and there is no tariff on that coming in at this present time.

So what you're saying is we don't charge them a tariff but they charge us a tariff.

MR. O'HARA: That's exactly right.

How stupid is that?

MR. O'HARA: We're working on it.

How stupid is that? Free traders -- I tell you, the free traders out there that are always talking about this -- "Oh, we're free traders." How stupid is that?

So they charge us and then we don't charge them?

MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah, you'd be pleased to --

And they get paid for doing the work, on top of everything.

MR. O'HARA: Right. You'll be pleased to know that we just had a zoom meeting with Senator Sullivan last night. He's working on it. He's -- he's going to be in touch with a few people. He wanted to say hello to you.

Sullivan is -- Sullivan is a good man.

MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah. He --

Sullivan is a good man. He'll -- he'll try, but --

MR. O'HARA: Yeah.

-- nobody can do this like I can.

MR. O'HARA: Yeah. It's like -- it's like everybody, though. We're all trying to do it --

It's simple.

MR. O'HARA: Yeah.

It'll be done.

MR. O'HARA: Thank you.

It's very simple. He's good guy -- Dan Sullivan.

Paul, you've said enough.

David, do you have anything to say, real fast?

Thank you very much. And these two people will get it done. By luck, I happen to have the two right people with me. All right?

Please.

And you love doing that. You wouldn't switch --

-- for anything, even though they don't let you fish anymore.

But you love it, right?

No, they love it. People love it. You wouldn't switch --

-- to be President, right?

You're making a good decision.

Excuse me, do people come in -- it must be. Other -- other countries, they must send their ships into this 5,000 big mile stretch. Right?

Really?

So we get them out through what, the Coast Guard?

The Navy?

We get them out.

So we're policing at least, right?

So go ahead.

When? During the other administration, you mean?

Which administration? Obama?

Boy, he's done you a -- he's done -- he's done Maine a tremendous disservice, I can tell you that, just from a commonsense standpoint. How could you let a thing like this happen?

So by opening up this 5,000 miles, you are just -- this is a treasure chest, huh?

Did you ever think this was going to happen in your lifetime?

Right.

Go ahead. Go ahead.

The endangered white whale.

And why is that, in other words? Because you have to be so careful? What -- what is it?

Is that in the same area that we're talking about?

Just -- and go really quick because we have to leave.

Let me ask you this -- wait, wait, wait.

How is this --

Good.

How is the whale -- Paul, you know this.

How is the whale hurting what they're doing?

So how do we solve this problem?

Going to where?

So you know -- you know what reasonable means then, right?

Okay.

Okay, so get them done. Get them done. Right? You work that, David.

Okay.

We'll -- we'll be able to. I assume there's a good solution to that, right?

Okay. Work on it. And we want to protect the whale. I want to protect the whale, too.

As long as we can protect the whale, I'm going to do it, all right? So I'm going to leave it to you.

You've been treated very badly. You know that, right? You better remember your President.

You've been treated -- no, you guys -- you've been treated very badly. I know what they've done to you; they've regulated you out of business. And yet, you treated the area like it was your home. I know that.

Go ahead.

We got it. All right?

You'll work with Paul on that.

Okay? Go ahead, please.

Good.

Well, not like now.

knows more than the industry.

So were you stopped from fishing in the 5,000 miles ?

Yeah. So what -- and that's prime area, right?

So is the -- when is the seven years up?

Oh, you're lucky. You just made it.

So, is that very fertile, in terms of crabs?

Because nobody is taking them, right?

So they gave you a grandfather of seven years, and your seven years is up.

How many people were grandfathered?

You must be a rich guy, right?

Now, let me as you this --

Yeah. Do you have the problem with the European Union too?

Well, you can't. With the tariff, you can't.

So you don't bother.

And is that wrong?

So you like it?

Okay, so there you think we did the right thing?

Meaning, people did the right thing.

But at least it went through a process.

And this did not go through a process.

This didn't go through a process.

This was done for politics. I got it.

It's great stuff down there, right?

Great stuff. Take care of it. All right? That's the one thing I'm asking you: Take care of it. Okay?

Please, go ahead.

So this is a really big --

This is a really big deal for you people, isn't it?

This is the whole deal?

Wow.

Is that because you were a stopped from fishing?

So will I be allowed to go fishing in that 5,000-mile piece?

Would you mind if I took a little boat and went fishing out there?  Huh?

Is that not being taken care of in what we're doing?

You know about it?

You're going to -- just take it over.

All right, David will take care of that.

Okay. We got it.

So we're cutting regulations from highways and roadways to fish. That's what Peter is talking about.

Go ahead. Peter, do you have anything to say?

Well, they took your lives away. They took your livelihood away from you. So that's good. Good. Thank you, Peter.

Well said.

Please, go ahead.

Thank you.

Good. Well, now they have a place, right?

Now they have a place.

But this was the worst thing that you've been through, I'll bet, right? What happened you when they took this away, this --

MR. O'HARA: Didn't affect us as much as it would have affected Jon, but it will -- it will affect us, because once they take one mountain or one canyon, they'll take another one and another one. They'll go over to the West Coast --

Are you involved in that area, the 5,000 miles?

MR. O'HARA: We -- we used to be, but we're not. We do scalloping, which is more to the south of that. So our scallop boats, which is replicated by that model over there, we -- we do some scallops but mostly it's crap and lobsters out that way. We're -- we're flatfish --

Is that a new boat?

MR. O'HARA: It is.

Like a -- and so that's occurred --

MR. O'HARA: It was a new boat built down in .

So they look -- they look pretty old, right? There's a lot of design talent there, huh?

MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah, they got the new bulbous bow and a Kort nozzle. It's a -- it's lower carbon footprint. We're building another boat starting next year.

How much is the boat? How much -- brand new, how much does that boat cost?

MR. O'HARA: Just under $4 million.

How much?

MR. O'HARA: Just under $4 million

It's the real deal, right?

MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah.

Very good. Okay, good. Well, you're in good shape. Thank you very much.

Go ahead, please.

Okay. Thank you very much. Good job.

Please.

We'll go quickly.

So that gets solved.

Excuse me. Are there media from Maine here? Who's -- who's -- are you liking what we're doing? Huh? You can say. Yes, you do? Anybody else from Maine? From the area? They -- they all come up from Washington, unfortunately.

Okay. Go ahead.

All right, tell me about that one.

And how do you find negotiating with them?

What's the difference in the size of the quota?

You can sell that on Ebay tonight.

Go ahead.

We'll get that done. And you're working on that.

We'll get that done.

It's an honor to be doing what we're doing. I mean, you people -- basically, they took away your livelihood. It's ridiculous. They took away your life.

Wait a minute. One second. I'm going to sign this for you. Here. Whoever wants this, here. Take that.

So come on around real quick and we're going to sign this up. And take one of these. You can hand that out.

Maybe do a little room, I guess. Congratulations. Come on, David. Come on, Peter.

So we're giving Maine back a big part of its history, a big part of its industry, and we're giving you back your fishing rights to 5,000 miles of -- square miles -- that's a lot. Boy, that's a big chunk. That's a big chunk of water, isn't that right?

So, do very well. Say hello to the people of Maine. They're great people. They were very nice to me, I'll tell you that. And I appreciate it very much, but I know you appreciate it much more than I do because you're getting a lot more than I am. Okay? So good luck everybody.

And they're going to work on those other things with Peter and David. Okay?