I said, "I'd like to walk the press down the hall to see how professional this is." It's incredible. If you people would like, we would do that. Are they able to do that, Doctor? Can they do that?

Yes. Yes.  Why don't you tell them a little bit about what you're doing and how it's going? And here they are, right over there. They're actually very nice people. But they're told not be  by the editors. Dr. Monroe is a tremendously talented man. They've done tremendous work here.

Doctor, please.

Can you hear that okay?

Can we go over there?  This is Dr. Monroe, everybody. If you could maybe go through that, Doctor. This is a little more comfortable, right?

Does everybody understand that?

Yeah, sure. Just one second. Let him finish up.

So tell them about how you've done with the tests  over 4 million.

They have plenty of materials is what you're saying.

And they have had. Doctor, do you want to make a little statement, here?

Thank you. I appreciate it. And the whole situation is -- the testing has been amazing, actually. What they've been able to produce in such a short period of time. You had mentioned 4 million tests before -- 4 million?

What -- what number will it be?

And they started working when they saw there was a problem in China. That was many weeks ago. So they saw there was something going on in China long before anybody even heard of it. That was actually before it was even in the print. They heard there was a problem in China. That's when they started working on this, and that's pretty incredible.

That's why we're in good shape.

Go ahead.

And now it's all performing perfectly, right?

Just so you understand, now it's all performing perfectly.

They're fantastic people. These are fantastic people. No, it's performing very well, and it has been performing very well. And as you said, you had two of the three that worked perfectly. And that's all you need is two of the three. In fact, you could have one of the three and it will work. So he had two of the three, but now it's performing perfectly in all places.

I do think -- I do think what's happening, though, is you have people that are sick, but they don't go to the hospital or they're not very sick; it's a more minor case and it could be of this virus. But you have a lot of people that aren't going to the hospitals. So we're not seeing those people. And if you did see those people, I believe -- if you did see those people -- the statistics actually become much better, because they heal, they get better, they don't see a doctor, they don't see a hospital, they have a problem, they have the sniffles or a cold or all -- you know, some of the symptoms.

And over a period of time, a short period of time or even longer period of time, they get better. If you look at that, then all of a sudden you're coming into a much lower category of risk in terms of death-type risk. Because I think a lot of people aren't going to doctors. A lot of people aren't going to hospitals.

And so you're not seeing those people.

Well, we're considering different things. But we're also considering the fact that last year we had approximately 36,000 deaths due to what's called the flu. And I was -- when I first heard this four, five, six weeks ago -- when I was hearing the amount of people that died with flu, I was shocked to hear it. Anywhere from 27,000 to 70,000 or 77,000. And I guess they said, in 1990, that was in particular very bad; it was higher than that.

As of the time I left the plane with you, we had 240 cases. That's at least what was on a very fine network known as Fox News. And you love it. But that's what I happened to be watching. And how was the show last night? Did it get good ratings, by the way?

Oh, really? I heard it broke all ratings records, but maybe that's wrong. That's what they told me. I don't know. I can't imagine that. But what happened is, if you look at the number at the time we left, it was 240 cases, Peter, and 11 deaths. That's what it has been. Now, you look at -- throughout the world, I mean, other countries have -- South Korea, Italy, and in particular China have many.

Now I also hear the numbers are getting much better in those places. And I've heard the numbers are getting much better in China, but I hear the numbers are getting much better in Italy, et cetera, et cetera. But what I hear -- so we have 240 cases, 11 deaths. Everything is too much and it's true. I don't want 11 deaths.

I don't want any deaths, right? But over the last long period of time, when people have the flu, you have an average of 36,000 people dying. I've never heard those numbers. I would -- I would've been shocked. I would've said, "Does anybody die from the flu?" I didn't know people died from the flu -- 36,000 people died.

Twenty-seven thousand to seventy-seven thousand, that's your flu. And again, you had a couple of years it was over 100,000 people died from the flu. So I start to say, "I wonder what's going on here." Now, you look at the percentage: The percentage for the flu is under 1 percent. But this could also be under 1 percent because many of the people that aren't that sick don't report.

So they're not putting those people in there. And you're smiling when I say that. Who are you from, by the way?

You are? I don't watch CNN. That's why I don't recognize you.

I really don't -- I don't watch it. I don't watch CNN because CNN is fake news. Go ahead.

Of course it's an effect. I mean, it is effect -- now, you know, if you know anything about me, I like when people happen to stay in the United States and spend their money in the United States. Okay? So I think people are staying in the United States more. They're going to spend their money in the United States.

And then this is ended. It will end. People have to remain calm. I do think that if you look at the numbers and you look at the numbers from other years on other things, and you look at these numbers, it'll be interesting to see what you find. And statistics will soon be coming out. But there was a big statistic today that it's way under 1 percent.

They said one tenth of 1 percent in one case. But nobody really knows. We'll be able to find out. The problem is the people that get better, that don't see a doctor, don't go to a hospital, those people get better. If they were in the numbers, the numbers would look much better in terms of death rate.

Oh, I think you'll have other things that are -- the amazing thing -- look at the job numbers today. We had a tremendous job number today. We had a number today that, when you add last month's number, which was a correction of plus-80,000 jobs -- wasn't it a 350,000 jobs number today? That was shocking.

I was watching a particular network and they said on the net- -- that -- but they're pros. They said, "Wow, these are unbelievable numbers." They were shocked by the numbers -- over 350,000, when you add last month's correction. Peter?

I think it's fine if they want to do it. I don't think it's an overreaction, but I wouldn't be generally inclined to do it. I really wouldn't be. Now, it depends in what country you're talking about. If you're talking about -- if they're going through another country or are you talking about within the United States?

Yeah, I -- I mean, they have to feel comfortable. People have to feel comfortable to have a good time. If you look at -- do I want to go to China? Do I want to go to certain parts of Italy? Do I want to go to South Korea right now? You know, that's a different decision. But you have some parts of the world that -- some parts -- many -- most parts of the country -- look, in this big, vast land of ours, this great country of ours, we have 240 cases.

Most of those people are going to be fine. A vast majority are going to be fine. We've had 11 deaths, and they've been largely old people who are -- who were susceptible to what's happening. Now, that would be the case, I assume, with a regular flu too. If somebody is old and in a weakened state or ill, they're susceptible to the common flu too.

You know, they were telling me just now that the common flu kills people and old people is sort of a target.

And the young. Now, the interesting thing here -- it's very interesting. The interesting thing here is that the young seem to be doing unbelievably well -- actually better than they do with the flu. Young people and very young people are doing very well, which is another thing, I guess, they're trying to figure out.

Not at all. No, not at all. Not at all. You know, I'm a person that was never big on the hand-shaking deal throughout my life. They used to criticize me for it or laugh about it or have fun with it. But if you're a politician -- like, I walk in, and the doctors have their hands out -- "Hello, sir. How are you?" I -- if you don't shake hands, they're not going to like you too much.

And I guess that's my business; I never thought I'd be a politician. I guess, I'm a politician. But the fact is I feel very secure. I feel very secure.

I was told that one person, maybe, that works someplace in the building, at I'm not even sure what level -- but that one person may have had the virus. And therefore, they said, "Sir, because of the fact that one person may have had the -- " Because this is a big building with a lot of great scientists, frankly.

One person had the virus. And that turned out to be a negative report. That turned out to be negative. And so they called me. But it was already cancelled. But this morning, I said, "Wait a minute." I'm going to Tennessee. We're going down to Florida. I have a meeting on Monday, as you know. And so we're going to Florida.

I'd love to stop at the CDC. That was a big deal with Secret Service, but they're fantastic and they worked it out. So we stopped. But it was a report and the person -- it was a negative diagnosis.

No, we had another big deal. There were two of them. And there was a thing that we recommended, because there's a lot of people. And we recommended that if they want, let them cancel that one. But there was another one in a similar area.

No, I haven't.

Well, I'll tell you what: I haven't had any problems filling them. I mean, we just had one in North Carolina, South Carolina -- all over the place. And we have tens of thousands of people standing outside the arena. So, we haven't had --

It doesn't bother me at all and it doesn't bother them at all.

Well, that's a big question. So I was just on the phone with the Vice President, and they're trying to make a decision. I mean, frankly, if it were up to me, I would be inclined to say, "Leave everybody on the ship for a period of time, and use the ship as your base." But a lot of people would rather do it a different way.

They would rather quarantine people when they land. Now, when they do that, our numbers are going to go up. Okay? Our numbers are going to go up. The 240 is going to go up. And I assume that, perhaps, you know -- it's a very big ship with thousands of people on it, including the sailors and the crew. It's -- you're talking about a massive number of people.

That is a big ship. If it were up to me, I would do it that way. A lot of people think we should do it the other way. They're Americans, or mostly Americans. And we have to take care of Americans.

Bring them off the ship.

No, they'll be under quarantine, and they'll be tested very carefully. Everyone is tested very carefully. Somebody said today -- in fact, the Governor said a story that a friend of yours -- you know Governor Kemp? A friend of yours was saying how tough it is to get into the United States with all the testing.

Maybe you'd like to say?

But he was very impressed with how hard it is to get on the plane. He was tested two times -- and then one person said three times -- just to come in. I mean, we're watching it very closely. The people are doing a good job. And instead of being negative, you should be positive. These scientists are doing a phenomenal job with something that came from out of nowhere a very short time ago.

That's all right. That's all right.

Anybody that wants a test can get a test. That's what the bottom line is.

But -- but I think -- I think, importantly: Anybody right now and yesterday -- anybody that needs a test gets a test. We -- they're there. They have the tests. And the tests are beautiful. Anybody that needs a test gets a test. If there's a doctor that wants to test, if there's somebody coming off a ship -- like the big monster ship that's out there right now, which, you know -- again, that's a big decision.

Do I want to bring all those people on? People would like me to do that. I don't like the idea of doing it. But anybody that needs a test can have a test. They're all set. They have them out there. In addition to that, they're making millions of more as we speak. But as of right now and yesterday, anybody that needs a test -- that's the important thing -- and the tests are all perfect, like the letter was perfect.

The transcription was perfect, right? This was not as perfect as that, but pretty good.

We're handling it from South Korea. We're testing that you can't come in from South Korea unless they go through it.

I'd have to ask the doctors.

And this is, by the way, the highest level test.

This is the highest level test anywhere.

Ah, that's a very good question. From my --

Yes. From my standpoint, I want to rely on people. I have great experts, including our Vice President, who is working 24 hours a day on this stuff. They would like to have the people come off. I'd rather have the people stay, but I'd go with them. I told them to make the final decision. I would rather -- because I like the numbers being where they are.

I don't need to have the numbers double because of one ship. That wasn't our fault, and it wasn't the fault of the people on the ship, either. Okay? It wasn't their fault either. And they're mostly Americans, so I can live either way with it. I'd rather have them stay on, personally. But I fully understand if they want to take them off.

I gave them the authority to make the decision.

No. No. No. I'm saying whatever it is that takes precedence over the numbers. No, I like the numbers. I would rather have the numbers stay where they are. But if they want to take them off, they'll take them off. But if that happens, all of a sudden your 240 is obviously going to be a much higher number, and probably the 11 will be a higher number too.

There's probably risk to both. Probably risk to both. You know, ah --

We're working very closely with South Korea. Yeah.

Well, we're working closely with South Korea. They're also in a much different position. They have a lot of people that are infected; we don't. They're in a much different position. But we are working very closely with South Korea. As you know, we're allies. Even though they've made much better trade deals in the past than we did, we're allies with South Korea.

You have heard that, right? And we're working very closely with South Korea.

And a lot of the testing -- a lot of the testing is very similar testing. But they're in a much different position than -- they have thousands of people. And they're in a -- you know, they've got some difficulty right now. But we're working very closely. In fact, they're calling us, asking us and these people for advice.

And don't forget, these are the people -- like as an example: HIV. I talk about it in the -- in speeches and other things. HIV-free -- or essentially free -- within nine years now. It's a 10-year process. These are the people that came up with the answers to the stuff that three years ago, four years ago, you would have said it's impossible.

What they've done is incredible -- and to others also. If you look at what they've done with HIV, it's incredible. Other countries are all calling the same people that you're dealing with. And honestly, what you should be doing is giving them a lot of credit because this was a very condensed period of time.

Even the vaccine, they're going to have tests done in 90 days that other people wouldn't have -- that, two years ago, you were taking two years to do. And they're making great progress. It takes a period of time, but they're making great progress. Other countries are dealing with the same people you're talking to now, and others in this government universe.

They're incredible people. And honestly, you should be giving them tremendous credit. They've done a tremendous job. When you mention South Korea, they're dealing with us all the time. When you mention Italy, they're dealing with us all the time. We're working together with China. We're working together with everybody.

But these are great people. These are incredible people. And you shouldn't be knocking them; you should be praising them. They have done an incredible job already.

I just think this is something, Peter, that you can never really think is going to happen. You know, who -- I've heard all about, "This could be -- " -- you know, "This could be a big deal," from before it happened. You know, this -- something like this could happen. I think we're doing a really good job in this country at keeping it down.

We've really been very vigilant, and we've done a tremendous job at keeping to down. But who would have thought? Look, how long ago is it? Six, seven, eight weeks ago -- who would have thought we would even be having the subject? We were going to hit 30,000 on the Dow like it was clockwork. Right? It was all going -- it was right up, and then all of a sudden, this came out.

And all I say is, "Be calm." We have the greatest people in the world. Everyone is relying on us. The world is relying on us. They've done an incredible job in a very condensed period of time. And the thing is, you never really know when something like this is going to strike and what it's going to be. This is different than something else.

This is a very different thing than something else. So I think they've done a great job. And you know what? If I didn't think they did, I'd tell you.

Well, I just don't think -- I just don't think that somebody is going to -- without seeing something, like we saw something happening in China. As soon as they saw that happening, they essentially -- not from the White House. I mean, you know, we don't need a lab in the White House. But they saw something happening.

I found it very interesting. They spotted something going on in China. When you see these labs that I just saw -- and I would love to have them see it if it's possible -- but they spotted something going on in China. They started working on it immediately just in case it should come here, and also to help China.

I mean, if we could find something that's beneficial, we want to give it to China like they're going to want to give it to us. China is working very closely with us -- South Korea, Italy, all of them. They've been working very closely. But we're doing -- you know, again, 240 and 11. That's where we are right now.

We don't have a forecast because we don't know. We don't know how many people are -- you know, have this, aren't going to see a doctor, aren't going to see a hospital. And the higher that number is, the better the numbers from the standpoint of death -- the death count. They get better without seeing doctors, without seeing hospitals.

So nobody is marking it down. And I think the number is very high. I think that number is much higher, but it never gets reported because they're not going to hospitals or doctors. The ones that get reported are people that are really sick enough to go to a hospital or to a doctor. So it makes the numbers look worse.

Well, we're prepared for anything. We're prepared. We are, really, very highly prepared for anything. And in a short period of time -- I mean, what they've done is very incredible. And I've seen what they've done back there. It's really incredible.

And, by the way, NIH, what they've done -- I spent time over there -- and I like this stuff. You know, my uncle was a great person. He was at MIT. He taught at MIT for, I think, like a record number of years. He was a great super genius. Dr. John Trump. I like this stuff. I really get it. People are surprised that I understand it. Every one of these doctors said, "How do you know so much about this?" Maybe I have a natural ability.

Maybe I should have done that instead of running for President. But you know what? What they've done is very incredible. I understand that whole world. I love that world. I really do. I love that world. And they should be given tremendous credit. And the whole world is relying on us. You know, you hear about -- like you're saying about South Korea.

South Korea is very much reliant on the information we're giving them. And they're reliant on the vaccines that we will come up with. Very soon, we're going to come up. Now it take a bit of time to get them tested and then put into the . It has to be very safe. You can't give a vaccine that's going to be unsafe.

It would be a disaster. So that's where we are. And I think these people deserve -- all of them, scientists and doctors -- I think they deserve tremendous credit. I really do.

He did.

Yeah.

So I told Mike not to be complimentary to the governor because that governor is a snake. Okay? Inslee. And I said, "If you're nice to him, he's -- he will take advantage." And I would have said "no." Let me just tell you, we have a lot of problems with the governor and -- the governor of Washington.

That's where you have many of your problems. Okay? So Mike may be happy with him, but I'm not. Okay? And he would say that naturally. And as I said last night at the town hall, if we came up with a cure today, and tomorrow everything is gone, and you went up to this governor -- who is a, you know, not a good governor, by the way -- if you went up to this governor, and you said to him, "How did Trump do?" --he'd say, "He did a terrible job." It makes no difference.

If we came up with it right now, and tomorrow everything ended, at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning -- everything ended -- he would say, "Trump did a horrible job." Okay? And I told Mike that would happen. I said, "No matter how nice you are, he's no good." That's the way I feel. Goodbye. Good luck to CNN.

Well, they're not testing. They're sampling people in other countries.

No, no -- excuse me, there's a difference. I heard what he said. They're sampling people. It's a drive-by. They give samples. Now, can we do that? Yeah, we can do that, but that's not effective like what we're doing. We're doing the whole thing in one -- in one stop. They're doing samples in South Korea.

It's a very different thing. Go ahead. Would you like to say something?

So the difference is that they're doing -- they're being proactive. We are being proactive. We're going out and looking for spots. Nobody else is doing that -- not by leaving samples or anything else. We're going out and proactively looking to see where there's a problem. We don't have to do that, but we're doing it to see if we can find areas which are trouble spots.

I even -- don't even know if I agree with that. You'll find out those areas just by sitting back and waiting. But they're trying to find out before -- before you would normally find out by waiting. And, you know, I think that's great. But that's what they're doing. They're the only -- we're the only country, in that sense, that's proactive.

We're totally proactive and we're totally equipped to handle it.

Okay? Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.