Everybody ready? Okay, Chad, do you want to start it? Do you -- do you want to start off?

Well, thank you very much. It is great having FEMA involved. We've had tremendous success working together, and we appreciate all of the people here. And it's an honor to be with all of you. You're doing a fantastic job, by the way. And so now we're, as of yesterday when we -- when we gave the order, FEMA is totally involved, in addition to everybody else.

And a lot of progress is being made, so I look forward to speaking to the governors. And from what I understand, we have pretty close to 50 of the governors and some territories on, and we have a lot of -- just about everybody showed up, so that's very nice. And we will put them on the screen as soon as you want.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Mike, do you want to say something?

I agree with that 100 percent. Thank you very much. And for the media, I guess perhaps you're going to stand aside. We're going to have the screen right behind you. And we'll start opening this up to the governors, if that's okay. Please. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, who is next speaking?

Hi. Hi, Brian.

I can hear you fine. Thank you, Brian.

I like that idea, Brian.

That's done. I like it.

Thank you.

Okay.

Okay.

Thank you. Very good. And thank you very much. And we will consider everything you've said. Thank you very much. Okay. Who's next? Next governor, please?

You're looking well, Phil. You're looking well.

Thank you.

Good.

Good. Yep.

And so, Phil, try -- try what you can. Do the best you can to get what you can actually get. And we're also having a lot of things produced that, frankly, nobody has ever seen anything like this before. But do the best you can. And on block grants, we're going to consider that very strongly. Thank you, Phil.

Hello, John Bel.

Yeah. What is your second request?

John Bel, what's your second request, please? The second request.

Right. Okay. We're going to look at that, and I'm going to try and get you immediate approval on the hospital. I know about the hospital request. And so we're going to speak to the VA. We're going to see if we can get immediate -- at least as a switch, but we'll get that approved for you one way or the other.

All right?

Okay. Thanks a lot, John Bel. Thank you. I might ask very briefly, while we're waiting for the next governor to come on, Mike, if you could say a few words. And also, Deborah, if you could say a few words, it would be great. And then we have another governor teed up. Please.

Yeah, please. Go ahead.

And we'll hear then from the governors.

Thank you, Mike. Deborah.

All right, thank you very much. Mike, go ahead.

And thank you very much, Mike. And I want to get back to the governors. I do want to say -- to me, something so big -- the FDA has approved compassionate use for a significant number of patients. We have a drug called chloroquine. A derivation would be hydroxychloroquine, which I hear even better about. It's a common malaria drug.

It's been available, so therefore the safety level we understand very well. It's been relatively safe. And it showed very encouraging early results. Really encouraging. If we -- if this works as well as -- hopefully it might. The FDA, which would have taken normally much longer to do under our great Secretary -- he's been fantas- -- the head of the FDA has been -- Dr. Hahn -- Dr. Stephen Hahn -- he has been fantastic.

He got it approved very quickly. I won't even tell you how quickly, but let's put it this way: It's approved. And we're encouraging you to take a look at it. We have ordered a lot of it, and you can too. It's by prescription. It's a very powerful drug for malaria and also for various forms of very serious arthritis.

But we think it has a very serious -- a very good impact on what we're talking about with respect to the virus. So you'll take a look at that. Then you can coordinate with us. But I think, to me, that's a game changer. You know about -- the vaccines are fine, but that will be a while before you can test them because you have to leave quite a bit of period.

We are making tremendous progress on a vaccine, but it still takes a long while to test it. We're also studying this and other promising therapies, which is a therapy produced by Gilead, and that would be rems- -- it's called remdesivir. Remdesivir. And it shows great promise. And Regeneron was -- is a company which is also working very hard on a drug, and it's also -- they're doing very well.

They are the ones that came up with a very successful solution to Ebola. And they've been a fantastic company. So we have some great things, but the -- the ones that I mentioned are very good, but especially, I think if you look at the first mention -- could be a absolute total game changer. And with that, I think we'll go back to the -- this is by prescription, but states can issue it. And we have it approved by the FDA. And I think it's going to be something that will be very interesting to see.

We're going to know very quickly. But we've had some very good tests, and it's been successful. So let's take a look. To me, that's probably the most important thing that anybody can say, if it works. But we have it approved for safety. And I want to thank the FDA for acting so quickly. It was incredible how quickly.

This was something that would have taken years, and they got it done almost immediately -- based on the past history of the drug. Thank you very much. Who is the next governor, please?

Hi, Pete.

Thank you.

Okay.

No, I agree.

Good.

That's great.

We'll get right back to you on that, Pete. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing. Thank you. Okay, who's next? Governor? Who's our next governor? Next.

Hi.

Right.

Yeah.

All right, Charlie. Thank you very much. Well, we do like you going out and seeing what you can get, if you can get it faster. And price is always a component of that also. And maybe that's why you lost to the feds. I'll tell you, that's probably why. But I'm going to -- I'm going to ask Mike to discuss that because we have some, I think, brand-new information.

Please, Mike.

And I will say this, Charlie, and for everybody: The country has really stepped up like I don't think we've seen it in many, many -- probably decades. It's incredible the way they've stepped up. So we hope we can get rid of this thing quickly. Okay. Next -- thank you, Charlie. Next governor, please. Next governor.

Thank you, Larry.

Thank you.

Well, thank you, Larry. And I think --

-- the FEMA is going to go great. We've had so much -- we've done so much work with FEMA. Unfortunately, recently, on a big tornado in Tennessee -- you know that -- and then, last year, on a big tornado in Alabama, and plenty of hurricanes. And we work also in California, largely in California, and the big forest fires.

And FEMA does a job like no -- like no other. And so I think they'll be a tremendous -- I know they're going to be a tremendous help. On the two points that are relevant, I'd like you to call Steve Mnuchin, and I'll speak to him later. Give him a little detail in those two points, please, so that while we're doing this with the Senate -- we're getting a lot of cooperation from Democrats and Republicans.

Maybe you can make those two points a little bit with Steve because --

-- a few people do agree with that. Okay? Thank you. Thank you very much, Larry.

Okay next? Next governor, please.

Yes, please.

Pete?

Thank you very much, Pete. And in addition to FEMA, we have the very, very talented man -- who I've dealt with a lot on building different things throughout the country -- the general that you -- I think, for the most part, you know: General Semonite. And that's the Army Corps of Engineers. And very much involved in a couple of locations I know very specifically.

And he's definitely very busy, but he's a good builder, and that's what you need is a good builder. So thank you very much, General, for being here. Okay. Next governor, please.

Hi, Gina. Hi. Go ahead, Gina.

Yes. Yes.

That's okay.

That's good.

That's great.

Okay.

Yeah.

Good. Thank you.

Thank you, Gina, very much. Appreciate it very much. And we'll look into all of those points very strongly. Thank you. Gary, please. Go ahead.

Good. I think you're right a hundred percent. And I think we're going to have a -- we're going to be a rocket ship as soon as this thing gets solved, as soon as we beat the invisible enemy. It's an invisible enemy, and it's been vicious. It's in over 140 countries, if you can believe that. A hundred and forty countries.

So it moves fast; it's very contagious. But we've really stepped up, and a lot of good things are going to happen. And one of the reasons we're doing the packages that you're hearing about, reading about, and know about is the fact that we think it's going to come back really fast. I think we're poised to come back very, very fast.

But we have to get rid of this, and we will get rid of the virus. And hopefully it will be sooner -- far sooner rather than later. Thank you very much, Gary. Appreciate it. Thank you. Next governor, please.

Hi, Gretchen.

Good.

Well, thank you very much. You're right a hundred percent. We're watching the auto industry very much. We're going to be helping them out, at least a little bit. And they've sort of requested some help. And it wasn't their fault what happened. So we'll be taking care of the auto industry. And I appreciate very much your comments.

Thank you. All right. Next governor, please.

Okay. The states have done a lot of that themselves, working in conjunction with us. A lot of the drive-through has been done by states. But, Admiral, maybe you can answer that question, please.

Right.

All right. Thank you, General.

All right. General, that shouldn't be a problem. Would you please answer that? Because everything should be in very good shape. Would you answer that, please?

In fact, last night, we bought 250,000 swabs and they got distributed all over to -- all over the country to the various states and the states that needed them the most. So, J.B., any problem, call me up. But there should be no problem with that at all. Thanks a lot, J.B.

Thanks, J.B. Next governor, please.

Good. Good.

Do you want to answer that?

All right. We hear it.

We got you, Kristi.

Very good. Alex, please --

-- could you respond to her?

That will never happen to you and it will never happen to your state. Okay, go ahead, please.

There is tremendous supply. Deb, please. Go ahead.

Thank you, Kristi. Thank you, very much. Next governor, please.

Thank you, Kristi. Next governor, please.

Go ahead. Go ahead. I think we got cut off. Next governor, please.

Yeah.

Thank you, Mike. We'll take care of that immediately. Very quickly. All right? Thank you. Next, please.

Yes. Hi.

Good.

Go ahead.

I think that's good. I think it's a good idea. Pete, we'll do it through FEMA. You'll coordinate that? So Pete is here. We'll do it through FEMA. That's the way we want to do it. Okay? What's next?

Good.

Thank you very much. We'll get it done. Thank you very much. All right? We have four more governors. Thanks. Let's go. Who's next?

Thank you very much. Okay? Next, please.

Thank you, Doug, very much. Thank you. Okay, next please.

Right

Right.

Yeah.

I think it's a great idea. Thank you very much. I think -- I think it's something we'll be thinking about. And thank you, Governor. Next, please.

Right. And we can do that too. That's great. We can do that easily. Thank you. Thank you, Brad. Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. It's been an honor to be with you. We'll do this probably often until this gets solved. Feel free to call me, the Vice President, anybody at the table, anybody in the room -- except for the media.

Don't call the media. And we will see you at the next one. Thank you all very much. Thank you.