Hello, Iowa. I love Iowa. We've done well together. 33 days from now we're going to win Iowa again, and we're going to win four more years in the White House. The verdict is in and you know how... It's been so successful. And, uh, in general a lot of different elements, but including the Presidential Debate the other night.

We did what we had to do to have the corrupt media really put out and say exactly how it is. Nobody holds them together like we do. I say we because it's you and I and a group of people. But they're accountable to looking at that. It's 47 years of lies, and 47 years of betrayals. 47 years of failure by Joe Biden.

The whole nation saw the truth, and the ratings have been great. But perhaps more important than the ratings, uh, people said we won the debate. Large numbers by, uh, large numbers. So. It was a very different kind of an evening, I will tell you. But we won it. You know Biden lost badly when his reporters are saying that he should cancel the next debate.

Now that we want to change the rules. They want to change the rules, that's what they want to dom and... allow the moderator to cut off the microphone. Democrats always wanna shut down free speech. That's what they want to do because they're terrified the American people will hear the truth. They want to rig this debate.

They want to rig the election with the ballots. These millions of ballots that are coming in that nobody knows where they're coming from, who they're coming to, and who's sending them back. I'm not just running against Joe Biden, I'm running against the corrupt far left media. The socialists, communists, and the Democrat Party, and the special interests who get rich bleeding off our country and bleeding it dry.

Never forget they are coming after me because I am fighting for you. So true. This is a choice election. Our opponents put America last. I put America first. It's very simple. They put America last. I've been campaigning from day one, from four years ago, we put America first. Our opponents want to erase borders.

I also want to, in a very strong term, in the strongest of term, defend our borders. Including a wall that's now up to 540 miles long. Our opporn -- opponents will send your jobs to China. I'll keep your jobs right here in America. Our opponents want to erase our nation's core values, and you see that happening all the time.

I will defend and preserve our nation's wonderful, historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters. I stand with the heroes of law enforcement. The other night I said to Joe Biden, "Say the words 'law enforcement.'" He couldn't do it. He could not do it. Because that's where they're coming from. We need great law enforcement.

Joe Biden says Antifa is just an idea. But ideas don't assault police and burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist organization. , you're on this phone right now, and by the way, you've got a lot of people on this line. A lot of people. Joe Biden could not name a single law enforcement organization that supports him, and I proudly received the endorsement of the Fraternal Order of Police, The National Association of Police Organizations, The National Troopers Coalition, The International Union of Police Associations, And by the way, Texas and Oklahoma and Florida and New York.

First time New York's ever endorsed a candidate, as New York's finest. They took all their power away. They took it away and what they've done to New York is a disgrace. But we've, uh, gotten it also from Chicago and many, many others. I think almost everybody. Joe Biden is finally admitting that he owns the socialism and extremism in his party.

Biden even vowed to take away your child tax credits, which are worth a 1,000 dollars per child, and revoke our historic tax relief for the middle class. Joe Biden also refused to answer questions about packing the Supreme Court. So important. If he gets elected, the hard left will appoint radical judges like you've never seen before.

That's why he doesn't want to talk about who they are. We want a list. And they -- they'll terminate so much, including your Second Amendment. Guns. They will absolutely get rid of your Second Amendment. That's probably their number one target. The radical left will also abolish the electoral college, taking power away from Iowa and giving it to liberal states like California, where you can't compete in terms of size.

To defend our Constitution, I proudly nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court, and she's been met with great fanfare and great popularity. As you all know, Biden also refused to explain why his son, Hunter, was paid 3.5 million dollars by the wife of the former mayor of Moscow.

And took out 1.5 billion dollars from China to manage making millions of dollars a year. It's ridiculous. He didn't even have a job before that. The Bidens got rich while American workers got robbed. He also received, and you saw that, 183,000 dollars a month plus 3 million dollars up front working for Ukraine and a Ukraine energy company.

Figure that one, and he's never had experience with energy. He admitted he knows nothing about energy. In just three and a half years we've secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the US Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%, fixed our disastrous trade deals, and brought jobs back to America.

And we are bringing them back still. It's been an incredible period of time for our country, even though the pandemic hit and we had to close it up, save millions of lives, and now we're opening up again and we're doing it to record numbers. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we're quickly doing it again.

We've added historic 10.6 million jobs in the last four months. There's never been any number even close to that. To fight China virus, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. We pioneered life-saving therapies, reducing the fatality rate by 85%. Think of that. 85%. Since April, Europe is almost a 50% greater excess mortality rate than the United States.

Our early and aggressive action saved millions and millions of lives and everybody admits that, including Biden actually, who when we admitted it but he tried taking it back. That didn't work out too well. Through Operation Warp Speed we will develop and distribute a vaccine very, very quickly, very soon.

We... almost there. We have five companies that are in great shape and they have, we think, great vaccines. We'll crush the virus. Our opponent will crush America. I'm thriving and we are thriving as a nation. We are thriving like practically no nation, nobody's done the comeback like we've done, and so we've made America great again.

Now we're making America great again again. On November 3rd, Iowa will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus, and return to record prosperity or whether we allow Joe Biden to kill the recovery, destroy the suburbs by abolishing single family zoning, which is a disaster for the suburbs. Low income housing all over the place.

Confiscate your guns and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies, that's what it would be. To combat the toxic left wing proposals and propaganda in our schools, we are launching a ne pro-American lesson plan for students called The 1776 Commission. We have to hear them and have them hear the other side, because we have a great country.

But we have to have them know how great our country is. We'll teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth. I want to think some of the great Iowa Republicans who are fighting all the time and working so hard for you, and start with Governor Kim Reynolds.

Thank you very much, Kim, for being on the line. Senators Chuck Grassley and Joni Ernst and, uh, Joni as you know is running. Get out there and support Joni, she's desperately needed in Washington. She's doing well, but you never know. You gotta get out there and work. Nominees for Congress, uh, Ashley Hinson, Mariannette Miller-Meeks, David Young, and Randy Feenstra.

GOP sh -- chairman, a fantastic guy, maybe one of the best, certainly... maybe the best, but one of the best in the country. This way I don't get myself in trouble. Jeff Kaufmann, he's the GOP Chairman. And my ambassador to China, and your legendary governor, Terry Branstad. He was Governor of Iowa for 24 years, which is an all-time record.

That's the longest time anybody's ever served as governor in this country. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. Biden championed every globalist betrayal of Iowa. For half a century he supported NAFTA, which was a disaster. TPP, which would have been a disaster, but I stopped it.

Would've taken all your business. And China's entry into the world trade organization. And after we did the rebuilding of so much of what we've done, we said, "We're not gonna rebuild other nations. We're gonna rebuild our nation." And that's what we're doing. We're finally rebuilding our nation instead of other nations.

I needed and ended the NAFTA nightmare, and I needed it to end, it had to end, and signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada agreement into law, opening new markets for American dairy and poultry. And you know what was going on with Canada and Mexico to a -- a large extent. But they were charging tariffs of 180%, 287%, and nobody knew it.

Sounded so innocent. But nobody knew it until I came along. So we hit them very hard, and we signed a great agreement that's now fair and you're not gonna lose your companies to Mexico and Canada. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China, defending Iowa farmers and factories against China's plunder and theft.

China is now purchasing 40 to 50 billion dollars of American agricultural products, more than they've ever done. It's a record, in the history of our country. And they're doing it because they want to keep me happy, but, you know, after what they did with the pandemic, with the China virus, I don't know that anything can make me very, uh, very, uh... what would you say?

Very strong on the fact that we should even be doing business with them. When China targeted our farmers, we provided 28 billion dollars in relief, and we gave it all to the farmers. Every bit of it. We now are providing an additional 13 billion dollars to help our great farmers recover from the virus. So we gave them 28 billion and then 13 billion, nobody even heard of such numbers.

Not even heard of such numbers. I saved the auto industry by withdrawing from the horrible Trans-Pacific Partnership. We ended the war on American energy, and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth. And I approved E15. E15, for those who aren't farmers. They were working on that with Chuck and Joni for a long time.

E15, and, uh, we got it done. We got it done. I even approved the pumps, where, before. Last week I approved the pumps where they're not gonna have to improve, they're not gonna have to spend vast amounts of money on fixing the pumps because it works just as well. So, we really took care of our farmers. And, uh, like, frankly nobody has ever done before.

In 2017, I signed historic executive orders making it official government policy to buy American and hire American. I signed a federal disaster declaration to make sure the Iowa families and farmers were taken care of after the devastation and the storms, those horrible storms that you were hit with over the last two years.

We invested 2.5 trillion dollars to the US Military, and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in 7 -- 75 years. The Space Force. Not since the Air Force has there been anything, and 75 years ago. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, where it's really something special to see and we have a 91% approval rating with the vets.

We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We took out the world's number one terrorist and mass murderer of American troops, Qasem Soleimani. And we took him out, uh, we had no choice after what he has done. But he is gone. They're both gone. Number one and number two. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal, which has kept them from giving money, 'cause it's hurt Iran economically.

They have a minus 25% GSP, which nobody ever heard of before. I kept my promise, recognized the true capitol of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Instead of endless war, we are forging peace. In the middle east, in fact, I will tell you, not at all in a bragging, but I got nominated not for one, not for two, but for three Nobel Peace Prizes.

And let's see what happens. I was very... a -- a great honor. I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years. Now he's pushing the most far left platform in history. He wants to give away our country. He wants to give it to the Chinese communist party. The Biden Plan would destroy social security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions.

Give tax payer funded healthcare to illegal aliens. You remember him holding up his hand the other day when he was -- when the Democrats, uh, he han -- he lifted up his hand, he said he wants, they're bankrupting Medicare. Ban school of choice and charter schools. And he will, he will destroy your social security because our country will never be in condition like it is right now, despite the pandemic.

It's coming back so fast. In the second term I'll provide school of choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs. He couldn't even mention the words of law and order. And a limitless future for all Americans. And just in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make American enter the manufacturing superpower of the world.

And it's already started, as you know, and Iowa's a big, big part of it. And we are going to reduce substantially, maybe completely, our reliance on China once and for all. We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States. We'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bare arms. That's your Second Amendment, which is under siege. If I don't win, you are going to lose your Second Amendment. Almost 100%. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars.

We'll maintain America's unrivaled military might and we'll ensure place, and you have to understand, this is so important to me, we will ensure peace through strength. We have strength like no other country has right now. There's never been a country that has the weaponry. 2.5 million dollars, all made in the USA.

No country has ever produced the weapons, and hope to God we never have to use them. We'll end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which is already signed into law and which will come out on January 1st. And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs... through a very, very tough and strongly negotiated favored-nations laws where the drug companies have to pay the same as whatever it may be in other countries.

In Germany they pay a tiny amount, just a small fraction of what we pay here. So we are going to do that. We exercised our rights for -- for that. And it's gonna have a impact of 40, 50, 60, 70, 80% reduction. We'll strongly protect Medicare and social security. We'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, and if we win the court case, the Supreme Court, we'll end up getting you a much better healthcare plan for much less money.

America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, and it's very exciting. NASA is now the hottest, hottest space center in the world. It's, uh, if you look at it, the space center, NASA, it was gone. It was weeds growing through the runways.

It was a terrible thing. But we took it over. We started right away with Mike Pence leading the charge, and, uh, we have the greatest space center anywhere in the world right now. We'll stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools and we'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God We Trust." So important. In God We Trust. They take the word "God" out of the Pledge of Allegiance. They did that at their, you know, they did that at their convention. Uh, the Pledge of Allegiance. I said, "What happened?" They took it out.

I thought it was a mistake. They took it out. That's where they are. For years you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for the people of Iowa. So get your friends and get your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers, and get out and vote.

Early voting has already begun in Iowa. So get out there and vote. Iowa's a very important state. If we win Iowa, we're in great shape. And we should win it. We won it by a lot last time. A real lot. And I promise, every single thing I promise, from ethanol to, uh, pumps, to 24 hours and 12 months. Everything I promised, I've done.

Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We're returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

You know that. You've heard that before. I can't say it any differently, because that's what it's all about. That's what we're doing right now. We're winning. Against all these nations that were ripping us off for many years. We are one movement. One people. One family. And one glorious nation under God, and together, with the incredible people of Iowa, it's all gonna come down to victory.

We're going to have a big victory. We will make America great again. We will do so many things that, uh, y -- you don't even know what we're doing. Nobody even challenges. You know, when I say to the fake news media all of the different things that I've done, that I've done more than any other president in the first three and a half years, they don't even challenge me.

I can't remember ever being challenged because they can't challenge. We've done more than any other president or administration. So we need Iowa to get out and vote. We're taking care of our farmers. We're taking care of our ranchers. We, uh, took care of a very important, the inheritance tax, or the death tax.

So now if you, uh, leave your estate, you leave your farm or ranch to your sons and daughters, they don't have to get out and borrow a lot of money and end up losing it in a foreclosure. They have no tax to pay. They have no tax. It's a great thing. Nobody even realizes that's in there. But they have no tax to pay.

So it's a great thing and it's an honor to do it. You're great people. You're incredible people. And you were not taken care of at all by the Obama administration, but you're taken care of better by me than any administration that's ever served. So, thank you very much, Iowa. Get out and vote. Otherwise all of these things that we're talking about can be overturned, and we don't want that to happen.

Thank you very much and have a great night.