Okay, well, thank you very much. You've asked to see what's going on at our meetings, so I figured let you come in. You'll look and you'll see we have a lot of -- a lot of good things happening. We have tremendous progress on vaccines and therapeutics. We're getting reports. We're studying the reports very closely. I think people are going to be very pleasantly surprised with what's going on on the vaccine front and the therapeutic front. And that, to us, is always the first topic.

Secondarily, but very importantly, we're working and negotiating with the Democrats on trying to get a plan that helps small businesses, helps people, helps this country. And I think we've made a lot of progress on that. And the discussions are going on.

Steve, do you want to say a few words as to where we are?

Okay. Mike?

Okay. Mitch, please.

Kevin?

It came from China. It should have never been allowed to get out. They could have stopped it. They could have stopped it easily. They chose not to. And we'll have further reports on that. But it came from China. They could have stopped it, but they didn't. They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from going to the rest of the world. It didn't stop it from going to Europe, to us.

They should have stopped it. They could have stopped it. They weren't transparent at all; they were the opposite. It's not good.

I spoke with the President of France this morning, and I spoke with -- I spoke with the President of Egypt, and we had a very, very good conversation, both of us. And all of us, and all of us together -- I've had many conversations with leaders all over the world over the weekend, and over the last couple of weeks in particular. And this is a pandemic that is flaring up all over the place. Countries thought they were in good shape and then, all of a sudden, they have a big flare-up.

I see that over the weekend -- I guess on Friday -- there was a worldwide number of death -- worldwide. Because when you watch the news -- the local news -- and you see it, and it's -- it's, like, all about the United States. They never like to talk about what's going on in the world. But you look at Mexico, Brazil, many countries in Europe, many countries -- all over -- Russia. Russia has a got a tremendous problem. It's -- what's going on is terrible. It's terrible. But this is a worldwide problem.

And we're helping the world with ventilators. We're helping a lot of countries. They don't have ventilators, and we're sending thousands of ventilators to different countries. But I do want people to understand this is a worldwide problem caused by China, but it's a worldwide problem.

Countries are going through hell, and it's going to -- we're going to give you a lot briefings in the next week and over the next few weeks as to -- I think it's very important to do it, the vaccines and the therapeutics. I think I'm going to bring some of the great companies that are working, and very successfully in the past have worked on these things, and they're going to tell you very specifically what they're doing and how they're doing. But we think we're doing very well in that regard.

Those two items -- I think, frankly, therapeutic, I like almost better at this point. You go in and you make people better. Now, we have had some very good luck with remdesivir, and that's been successful. And others have been successful. The plasma has been successful. But we are -- we're really coming up with some very good answers, meaning, they are. All over the world, they're working. And we're working very closely all over the world on the vaccines and the therapeutics.

So we're going to have some of the heads of these great companies coming in. Johnson & Johnson is doing very well, in particular. They seem to be doing very well. But numerous are doing very well. It's something that I really feel certain -- I guess you can never use "totally certain" but pretty damn certain that they're going to have the vaccine, they're going to have therapeutics, and it's going to start taking place very shortly, and that will be a great thing. For the world, that will be a great thing.

But this is happening all over the world, not just the United States. And it's a tough one. It's very tough. It's very sad when you see the death. It's all death that could have -- could've been stopped by China. If they wanted to stop it, they could've stopped it.

Okay, thank you very much, everybody. Please. Thank you. Thank you.

The what?

I think it's very important. I think it's a very important thing. It's very good. It's been proven to be successful. It's a big saving for the people. It's a tremendous saving, and I think it's an incentive for companies to hire their workers back and to keep their workers. So the payroll tax cut, to me, is very important. We're working on it. And I don't think that there's too much dispute as to the level of importance, John. It's a very important thing. Okay?

It's one of -- that's one of many elements we're discussing. We're discussing probably a total of 10 different elements. But payroll tax cut is a very important one.

Oh, absolutely. No, I think -- I think, hopefully, we'll get there, but we're talking about a lot of things, not just the payroll tax cut.

Well, we had very successful briefings. I was doing them, and we had a lot of people watching -- record numbers watching. In the history of cable television -- television, there's never been anything like it.

And we were doing very well, and I thought it would be, sort of, automatic. And a lot of -- a lot of positive things were happening. And, frankly, a lot of the country is doing well. A lot of the people don't say it, as you understand.

But we've have had this big flare-up in Florida, Texas, a couple of other places. And so I think what we're going to do is I'll get involved and we'll start doing briefings, whether it's this afternoon or tomorrow -- probably tomorrow -- and I'll do briefings. And part of the briefing, I think much more so than last time -- because last time, we were nowhere with vaccines or therapeutics. And let's say that ended six weeks ago, and we'll start them again. And I think it's a great way to get information out to the public as to where we are with the vaccines, with the therapeutics, and, generally speaking, where we are.

And so I think we'll start that probably starting tomorrow. I'll do it at 5 o'clock, like we were doing. We had a good slot. And a lot of people were watching, and that's a good thing. I think that Kayleigh will continue hers at 11 o'clock, just like they were. And I'll be discussing the -- as I call it, the China virus, the China plague. I'll be discussing it, and I'll also be discussing perhaps some other things.

But, you know, we're doing very well in so many different ways, but unfortunately, this is something that's very tough, but we're going to get it solved, and I think we're going to get it solved in numerous ways, but the two best would be vaccines and therapeutics. So we'll -- we'll be having that.

Yeah.

Well, it depends on what your definition of "troops" is. I mean, we're sending law enforcement. Portland was totally out of control. The Democrats -- the liberal Democrats running the place had no idea what they were doing. They were ripping down -- for 51 days, ripping down that city, destroying the city, looting it. The level of corruption and what was going on there is incredible. And then the governor comes out: "We don't need any help."

How about Chicago? I read the numbers were many people killed over the weekend. We're looking at Chicago too. We're looking at New York. Look at what's going on. All run by Democrats, all run by very liberal Democrats. All run, really, by radical left.

But we can't let this happen to the cities. New York was up 348 percent -- the crime rate. So the governor has to do something about it. And if the governor is not going to do something about, we'll do something about it.

But what's happening in New York, a place I love -- I love New York. And look at what's going on over there. The woman who was shot because she said, "Could you please not light off fire crackers?" And they turned around and shot her eight times, and she died. That's not our civilization. That's not about us.

And then the police are afraid to do anything. I know New York very well. I know the police very well -- New York's Finest. And the fact is they're restricted from doing anything. They can't do anything.

Well, I'm going to do something -- that, I can tell you. Because we're not going to let New York and Chicago and Philadelphia and Detroit and Baltimore and all of these -- Oakland is a mess. We're not going to let this happen in our country. All run by liberal Democrats.

We're going to have more federal law enforcement -- that, I can tell you. In Portland, they've done a fantastic job. They've been there three days, and they really have done a fantastic job in very short period of time. No problem. They grab them; a lot of people in jail. They're leaders. These are anarchists. These are not protestors. People say "protestors"; these people are anarchists. These are people that hate our country. And we're not going to let it go forward.

And I'll tell you what: The governor and the mayor and the senators out there, they're afraid of these people. That's the reason they don't want us to help them. They're afraid. I really believe they're actually maybe even physically afraid of these people -- because what they're doing is incredible.

We didn't just go there. This wasn't like it started right away. We went there after 51 days. We said, "We can't let that happen anymore." But these are anarchists. And the politicians out there, yes, they're weak, but they're afraid of these people. They're actually afraid of these people. And that's why they say, "We don't want the federal government helping."

How about Chicago? Would you say they need help after this weekend? Do you know the numbers? Did you hear the numbers? Many, many shot. Many, many killed. I'm not talking about one, two. Was it 18 people killed? I think more than that. And you add it up over the summer -- this is worse than Afghanistan, by far. This is worse than anything anyone has ever seen. All run by the same liberal Democrats. And you know what? If Biden got in, that would be true for the country. The whole country would go to hell. And we're not going to let it go to hell.

Thank you very much, everybody.