Congratulations, that's fantastic.

That's really great, thank you, and I want to thank Acting Secretary Wolf doing a phenomenal job in so many ways. Today America rejoices as we welcome five absolutely incredible new members into our great American family. You're now fellow citizens of the greatest nation on the face of God's earth. Congratulations. Great going.

You followed the rules, you obeyed the laws, you learned your history, embraced our values and proved yourselves to be men and women of the highest integrity. It's not so easy, you went through a lot and we appreciate you being here with us today. You've earned the most prized, treasured, cherished and priceless possession anywhere in the world. It's called American citizenship. There's no higher honor and no greater privilege, and it's an honor for me to be your president. Thank you very much. At this time, I'd like to recognize the five new citizens who join us today. Robert Martin Ramirez Alcazar is from Bolivia and has been a lawful permanent resident of the United States since 2013.

Robert. Hi, Robert. He and his wife are raising three beautiful children. In 2017, Robert achieved the dream of starting his own business, a construction company that now employs five workers. Robert says, "I love this country. I want to respect the law. America has helped me so much in life." Robert, thank you very much for your devotion.

Thank you, and good luck with that company. Soon you'll have hundreds of employees, I think. Right? Robert Martin Ramirez Alcazar

Could happen. It will. Remi Gideon is from Lebanon and is the proud mother of three children. Remi speaks English, Arabic and French and earned a degree in psychology. In other words, she could figure me out.  She now works as a daycare teacher in Virginia. Remi says I feel blessed to be a loyal citizen of the greatest country in the world, a country that has given me the opportunity of a lifetime to realize my potential and my dreams. Remi congratulations. That's really great. Thank you.

That's very good. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. Sudha Sundari Narayanan, is a phenomenal success. Born in India, came to the United States 13 years ago. Sudha is a talented software developer. She and her husband are raising two beautiful, wonderful children. The apples of your life. Right?

Well, thank you very much and congratulations. Fantastic job. Thank you. Named Abdul , is from Sudan and that's a beautiful name, and has been a lawful permanent resident since 2012. She is the married mother of three beautiful children, earned a master's degree and Ph.D. in Animal Nutrition from the University of Wyoming. Great place, great state. And she is a trained veterinarian. She's also worked as a substitute teacher for the Alexandria Public Schools since 2004. That's fantastic. Well, Named, thank you very much and congratulations. It's my honor to be with you.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Sallah Abdul Samad has been looking forward to this day since he arrived in the United States from Ghana in 2015. Sallah speaks five languages and works the medical field. Sally says that, "The American citizenship means everything to me in my life. It can not be measured or quantified. I have the chance to work hard and succeed in life. To know that I am in the safe country like America, that really is something because I know they have my back." Sallah, thank you very much. Congratulations. Fantastic job. Congratulations to everybody. With the rights and freedoms each of you now enjoy as citizens, there is no dream beyond your wildest reach because Americans can do anything. Today, you have also accepted the profound duties and responsibilities that come with American citizenship. By swearing, the oath of allegiance, each of you has entered a sacred and unbreakable covenant with our nation.

You've pledged your undying loyalty to the American people, the American constitution and the American way of life. The history and heritage of the United States are now yours to preserve and pass down to the next generation. Our culture, our traditions and our values are now yours to uphold and live by. The rights so dear to every American granted by us and granted by God and enshrined in our glorious Bill of Rights are now yours to support, protect, and defend. As citizens, you're now stewards of this magnificent nation, a family comprised of every race, color, religion, and creed. United by the bonds of love, we are one people sharing one home saluting one great American flag. Congratulations again to all of you. May God bless you. And may God bless our great country America.