Thank you very much. I guess I might begin. It's an honor to be with you and really brave men and women. The job you do is incredible, and the progress that you've made in the last short period of time has been unbelievable.

On April 1st of this year, I announced the launch of a powerful U.S. military law enforcement operation to combat the flow of illegal drugs across the Western Hemisphere. Today I'm pleased to be with Admiral Craig Faller and his team -- done an incredible job -- at the U.S. Southern Command headquarters to provide an update on this incredible successful effort.

We're joined by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. Thank you, Mark. Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Chad Wolf. Chad, thank you. Thank you. Commandant of U.S. Coast Guard, Admiral Karl Schultz. Admiral. Associate Deputy Attorney General Amanda Liskamm. Thank you. Thank you, Amanda. Congressman Mario Díaz-Balart, who is a friend of mine for a long time. Thank you very much, Mario. Great job you're doing down here. And many, many others: leaders and military geniuses and people that do a fantastic job.

In just 12 weeks, SOUTHCOM's surge operation, conducted with key regional partners, has resulted in more than 1,000 arrests and the interdiction of 120 metric tons. I can only tell you that's a lot of narcotics, worth billions and billions of dollars. We're determined to keep dangerous drugs out of the country and away from our children. We're securing our seas. We're securing our borders. This is a new operation, not been done before. And this operation has been incredibly successful.

As you know, in the United States, at least before the COVID came to us -- the flu, the virus, the China virus, whatever you'd like to call it; it's got many different names -- but before it hit, we were doing really well, and we're still doing very well, but now we're getting back on track.

Last year, 70,000 precious American lives were taken because of the poison that cartels bring into our country. Under my administration, drug overdose deaths fell for the first time in nearly 30 years. And they fell fairly substantially. Unfortunately, the shutdowns caused by the China virus have led to a recent rise in overdose deaths, still below the level that they were at. But nevertheless, it went up a little bit.

This is one of the reasons that we're working to safely and responsibly reopen our country, reopen our schools, get our country going again, a hundred percent. We're setting records on jobs; we're setting records on many different things. We're going to have a great third quarter. The third quarter is going to be tremendous numbers. Fourth quarter, likewise. And next year, economically, will be one of the best years we've ever had.

But you'll see the numbers starting to come out really, really high in the third quarter, and you've already seen the record-breaking job numbers. NASDAQ just hit, recently, about 12 record highs -- 12 days, record highs. And the other markets are right behind it. They'll be hitting records hopefully very shortly also. That means people have a lot of confidence in what we're doing.

With the help of the heroes here at SOUTHCOM -- Coast Guard CBP, DEA, and law enforcement -- we'll work relentlessly to seize illegal drugs, arrest vile traffickers -- the traffickers are truly vile; they're terrible, terrible people what they do, mostly to women and children, but women -- and dismantle criminal cartels who are responsible for the deaths of thousands and thousands of Americans.

I'd like now to introduce Secretary Esper to say a few words. Mark, please.

Thank you.

Thank you, Mark.

General, please.

Thank you, Admiral.

That's great.

Say hello.

Say hello.

Right.

Right.

They seem to be. That's a fantastic job.

Thank you very much.

Mr. Congressman, would you like to say something? Thank you.

REPRESENTATIVE DÍAZ-BALART: Mr. President, nothing -- nothing prepared, but I can tell you, in my time of Congress, which is now almost 18 years, this region has, frankly, been looked over. Just barely any attention paid to it. And sometimes when the attention was paid, bad things were done.

I will tell you that your administration has emphasized freedom. I want to thank you, by the way, on a personal note -- a little bit of a more parochial note -- for your emphasis on helping the people of Venezuela regain their freedom, helping the people of Nicaragua regain their freedom, and your solidarity to the people of Cuba, which has been, frankly, like we've never seen.

But your leadership here, in fighting narcotics coming to the United States, is literally saving American lives. So again, just as one who represents Southern Command, grateful for your emphasis of this command and what they do, but for your leadership and actually saving American lives, those who are victimized every year by this scourge of illicit narcotics. So thank you for being here, but more importantly, thank you for your leadership and your emphasis on those key issues. Thank you, sir.

Well, I want to thank you for your leadership. You have done a fantastic job. You represent the area so well. I know this area quite well, as you can imagine, but I know it very well. "Little Venezuela," we call it. And incredible people. I know the people. And we're going to be fighting for Venezuela. We're going to be fighting from -- for our friends from Cuba. They know that we've been doing that, and so many other places. But Cuba and Venezuela, we have it very well under control. And you know what we're doing, and we're in touch all the time. So I want to thank you for your tremendous work.

And maybe I could ask Amanda to say a few words, please.

Thank you, Amanda. Great job you're doing. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Admiral, please.

Thank you very much, Admiral. I appreciate it.

Now, Chad Wolf, maybe you could also mention what's going on in Portland, because we sent you there recently. It was out of control. The locals couldn't handle it, and you people are handling it very nicely -- so nicely that the press doesn't want to write about it. But why don't you tell them what you're doing in Portland, and also go into this, please?

Yeah. How many have you arrested?

And I know you have it in very good control, but it's a -- it's a pretty wild group, but you have it in very good control.

So we're appreciate it. Local law enforcement has been told not to do too much. It's not the way it's supposed to be, but that's okay.

Good job. You've really done a great job.

Go ahead, please.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, Chad.

And the wall is coming along very well. Chad is responsible for supervising that, along with the Army Corps of the -- of Engineers, who have been fantastic. And, Mark Esper, that's been really one of your pet projects and it's been going along.

We're up to 250 miles, and that's real wall. That's a wall that you don't get through. It's tough stuff, and built to the highest standard. Built to everything that Border Patrol wanted. They all sat down and they designed their perfect wall, and then we said, "Let's build it that way." And we're up to 250 miles. By the end of the year, we'll be up to 450 or so, and we'll have it finished very shortly thereafter.

And it's made a tremendous difference, because your numbers on the southern border are very, very small coming through. And especially with COVID -- that turned out to be very lucky for us that we had the wall, or we would have been inundated, because they do have some big problems.

I was with a great gentleman, the President of Mexico, two days ago. We had a long talk about the southern border and Mexico. And they've had some difficulty, but he's doing a fantastic job as President. But the wall is very exciting, and we'll have that opened relatively -- very, very shortly.

And that was despite all odds, I would say, Mark. Wouldn't you say? That was despite all odds. We had a certain party that was against it. They're not against it anymore. You know, in the end, they just raised their hand, they said, "We don't want to take this on," because politically it turned out to be as good as we always knew.

You know, two things never change: walls and wheels. A wheel will never change. You know, they were talking about technology. Technology is no good without the wall. And -- but it's something that I've heard for a long time. Two things you will never change, in a thousand years from now: a wheel and a wall. They work. And this wall has really been unbelievable the way it's worked.

So, great job, and let's get it finished. And tremendous numbers on the southern border. Very few people coming in. Appreciate it. And we've made a lot of legal changes too. It makes it a lot easier for you.

Robert, please.

MR. O'BRIEN: Mr. President, thank you. I want to take folks back to April 1st, as the COVID crisis was breaking and all attention was focused on it. The President had the foresight to launch an enhanced operation to disrupt the flow of dangerous drugs to the United States from narco-terrorists. Our adversaries believed that the United States would be distracted. But, Mr. President, you weren't distracted. And I think you remember you sent Secretary Wolf and Admiral Schultz, Secretary Esper, Attorney General Barr, and me out to make the announcement on this operation.

The traffickers use their funds for nefarious purposes, among them to finance the regime of Nicolás Maduro, the illegitimate regime in Venezuela. And for years, Venezuela has flooded the United States with cocaine. It poisons our communities, and it fuels a dangerous epidemic of addiction that threatens the safety and security of all Americans.

The situation in Venezuela has gotten so bad that, earlier this week, Admiral Fuller  -- Faller called Venezuela a "paradise" for drug traffickers who enjoy the support and cooperation of the Maduro regime and his allies.

At a crackdown on the traffickers, President Trump deployed additional ships, aircraft, security forces that you've heard about. But the other thing that he did, which is less focused on, is he rallied our 22-nation coalition partnership to help in this effort to interdict drugs.

So that fight includes, as you've heard, Colombia, Ecuador, Honduras, El Salvador. On the flight down from Air Force One, Mr. President, I told you I was on the phone with my counterpart in the Netherlands, the Dutch national security advisor, and they have been part of this coalition fight. And they're -- they're very proud to be partnered up with Customs and Border Patrol, DEA, the Coast Guard, our military, working in the Caribbean and the eastern Pacific, where they've had -- where we've all had a huge effect.

In addition to this operation, the Colombian-led operation Orion 5, in partnership with the United States, has disrupted or seized approximately 50 additional metric tons of cocaine that would have otherwise come into our country, Mr. President.

So President Trump has been resolute in his commitment to protecting the American people from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers. Our military deployments in the Caribbean and in the eastern Pacific will endure. Those profiting from illicit drugs and the destruction of our communities will be brought to justice.

The United States will continue its maximum pressure campaign on the Maduro regime, which has a criminal hold over Venezuela. And I can tell, for the Venezuelan people, when I speak with President Trump, he asks almost every day, "How are things going in Venezuela? What can we do to help the Venezuelan people?" This operation is part of that effort.

Venezuela is a narco-state, led by a corrupt, criminal, illegitimate regime, and the people of Venezuela are suffering because of Maduro.

Mr. President, you've been committed to cutting off his financial lifelines, identifying ways to continue to support the Venezuelan people and ensure the unfettered flow of humanitarian aid to those same people that are suffering.

So for those of you in Venezuela, I can -- I can let you know that President Trump continues to stand with you. He stands with Interim President Guaidó, the democratically elected National Assembly, and all the people that are fighting for their freedom and their basic human rights, and a restoration of democracy and the rule of law in Venezuela.

President Trump's fight against drugs and narco-trafficking in the Caribbean and in the eastern Pacific are good for the United States of America, they're good for the people of the region, including Venezuela, but they're also good for the entire world.

So, Mr. President, it's an honor to serve with you in this -- in this effort. Thank you for all that you're doing, sir.

Thank you very much, Robert.

And, James, please.

Thank you very much.

And, Douglas and Henry, if you'd like to say something, go ahead.

Would you like to start? Go ahead.

Good.

So we're working on your immune system.

That's an interesting one. Not too many people have heard that one. I like that. What do you do for your immune system? Stay in shape?

That's good.

I'm going to have to start doing that, I think. That's a good idea.

That's great. No, that's great.

Well, thank you. And, Mario, obviously you had a good immune system because you recovered.

REPRESENTATIVE DÍAZ-BALART: Thank God.

It wasn't pleasant, but you -- you got there, right?

REPRESENTATIVE DÍAZ-BALART: I don't recommend that as a dietary .

No, it's not good. But you did a good job.

REPRESENTATIVE DÍAZ-BALART: And, by the way, thank you for your kind, multiple calls while I was .

Absolutely. Well, you've been my friend. Thank you very much, Mario.

Please.

Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it, Douglas.

And we have the best equipment that we've ever had as a military. We've spent two and a half trillion dollars on our military, and some of it's arriving, some of it's coming in, but much of it's here. So when you say, "the quality of equipment," we definitely have the best equipment we've ever had. We have the best equipment anyone has as a military. We have things under construction that we're going to take a look at, one day soon, where we have missiles that go, I hear, 17 times faster than any other missile, and of the normal type at least. And it's something that nobody has anywhere in the world. Seventeen times faster. So it's a little hard to spot it when it goes that fast, because by the time you spot it, it's gone.

But we have things happening that nobody has even thought about. So thank you very much. You've done a fantastic job. You have all done a really fantastic job, and it's an honor to be here.

I want to thank all of the folks behind me too. I don't want to be rude, because you're more important than all of us, right?

But I want to thank you all very much. Great job. Really great job. Great to work with you and you. And say hello. Tell them to get well fast, right? Great man. Thank you very much.

Okay, thank you.

Admiral, it's yours.

You've done a great job. Thank you very much. Thank you, Admiral. Thank you, Admiral. Thank you.