Well, thank you very much, everybody. And I'm here to support the great people of Louisiana. It's been a tremendous state for me. I love the people. We've had a good relationship right from the beginning. It's very important that I was here. And already met some people that have been absolutely devastated.

This was a tremendously powerful storm. In fact, when it came in, it was actually much bigger than Katrina, I would say -- Katrina being somewhat of a landmark, I think, in terms of devastation, but this had more power. This was almost coming in at a five. It was a five a little bit out offshore, and it came in as a four. But 150 mile-an-hour. It was up to 185 at one point. I don't know that we've ever seen that.

But we're joined by Governor John Bel Edwards and Senator John Kennedy, two friends of mine. They've done a fantastic job representing the state. And Acting Secretary of Homeland Security, who's no longer really "acting," in my mind, because he just got a promotion. And if John Kennedy can push him with Bill, that would be terrific, because he deserves it. He's been -- he's been doing a great job. There's the man. Don't talk to me anymore. I've done it for you. Right there is the man.

But thank you very much, Chad. And FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor. Pete, great job. He's all over the country right now doing different things. And we have a lot of different elements happening, but we have to take care of Louisiana; we have to take care of Texas. Texas got a little bit lucky.

Thanks also to the members of Congress that are here. I have a little list; that's a lot of members. I don't know -- where are you folks back there? I love those guys. First of all, Louisiana Attorney General -- where's Jeff? Jeff Landry. Jeff. I could use you, Jeff. You're so good. He is so tough and so good. And I agree with so much of what you do, almost all of it. I'm not sure that I've seen anything I don't agree with. Great job. Jeff Landry, everybody. Thank you very much.

Congressman Steve Scalise. Steve, the most -- he's probably the bravest man in the room, but he's done good. And I actually think he's better looking today than he was three years ago, if you want to know the truth. He went through hell. And we found out that his family loves him, that's for sure, because they were -- they were with you all the way. That was a rough time in that hospital that night, right? That was a rough time, Steve. We're glad to have you. People love you. People love you.

Congressman Clay Higgins. And, Clay -- thank you very much, Clay, being here. Congressman Garrett Graves. Garrett, nice to see you. What are you doing sitting back there? I can't believe it. That's not like you and Mike. I can't believe you guys. They're being low key today for a change, right? And Mike Johnson, my friend. And he's been supportive. They're all warriors. These people are warriors. These people are warriors. They fight for us and they fight for the people that they represent, and they're incredible warriors. Thank you, Mike. I appreciate it very much.

And State Senator Mark Abraham. And, Mark, thank you. Good job you're doing. I hear a great job. James Waskom, Director of Louisiana Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. Good. You've got plenty to prepare for. Now, do you have other storms, James, coming in? Is that what I'm hearing?

You got to be kidding, James. Don't let that happen.

So you had some tremendously bad storms 50, 60, 70 years ago. You and I were talking about dates. What's the difference now, would you say, in terms of storms coming in now, compared to many years ago?

Quickly.

So that, really, the fact that they finally did get out -- they saw it building. It built so fast, didn't it? Because it looked like it was going to be the lesser between Marco and this. And Marco --

It disintegrated, and this just came in roaring. It's unbelievable.

Nick Hunter. Nick, thank you. Great job, Nick. Great job you're doing. We appreciate it. Mayor of Lake Charles. You got -- you got hit hard. Were you the hardest hit, would you say, Nick?

Yeah. You took a big punch.

But you'll be back.

A hundred percent.

So, when people get used to air conditioning -- and this is very hot -- when people get used to air conditioning and all of a sudden they don't have it, that's a very traumatic situation, isn't it?

Yeah.

Wow. You have a great reputation. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Michael Danahay. Michael. Please, Michael.

Oh. Hi, Michael. How are you doing, Michael?

That's the mayor of Sulphur. Are you hit, would you say, like this one? Pretty much like this one?

Very close, huh? How's it going?

Well, good job. Good luck.

And the mayor of Westlake, Bob Hardey.

Thank you, Bob. How's it going?

Similar.

Well, you'll all get it going. One thing I know about this state: they rebuild it fast. There's no problem. And we'll supply what we have to supply and you know what a lot of that is -- a thing called, "green," right? And we'll take care of you. I'll be speaking with you and John.

And I just want to recognize Bill Cassidy and Congressman Ralph Abraham, two great people. And Bill is going through a problem, and I hope Ralph is fine. Right? Ralph is fine. And Bill is going through a problem, but I spoke to him the other day, and it sounds like he's doing well. And he's been, along with John, a terrific senator.

So Hurricane Laura was a category four storm and it was actually, for a little while, a five. It was up to 175, almost 180 miles an hour -- few people have ever even heard of that -- with winds currently -- when it came in, it was at 150 miles per hour at landfall, damaging thousands of homes and causing hundreds of road blockages and major power outages.

And I heard -- I think this is correct -- that it was the most powerful storm coming in and hitting your land in 150 years --

-- coming in.

Yeah, you don't know. How did they do it? They put their finger up, right?

I just visited the Cajun Navy and the Relief Center. They're fantastic. I want to thank the pastors. And we had a great pastor, just gave us a little prayer, and he -- he didn't choke. He gave a great prayer, I'll tell you. He got up there and he just gave it. I've seen some, didn't quite get it out as nicely. But he did a fantastic job.

And I want to thank all of the pastors across the state, people of faith across the state who have been helping families and communities recover.

Before the storm struck, I approved an emergency declaration under the auspices of John and John Bel. We had -- we had a very quick one. I would say you got that almost immediately, wouldn't you say, John? Like, before it -- I think before the storm got here, you had your emergency. We knew what was coming.

Yeah. Thank you, John. But we got it very quickly, and we're going to be discussing some other things in a little while.

Yesterday, I approved a major disaster declaration that helps individuals and business owners, which is a little bit different, but it goes right to the individual. And I've signed that already, and so you're all set to go on that.

FEMA has delivered 2.6 million liters of water and 1.4 million meals. And that's a lot of meals. So, you're pretty busy, I guess, Pete, right?

That's incredible. Great job. Your people are incredible.

You know, I haven't had -- and Pete has done this now for a long time -- but I haven't had one complaint, with all of the storms we've had in Texas and here, I haven't had one complaint. So you've done -- you've done a hell of a job, Pete. Thank you. Pete Gaynor, everybody. Don't hire him away, please. You know --  -- private enterprise is looking and they say, "Hey, let's go -- let's go take him away." Don't let him leave, John, please, all right? Is that all right?

We're also assisting state and local officials to restore water to roughly 180,000 residents and to protect energy infrastructure.

I want to thank the men and women of FEMA and the first responders and the law enforcement, which we love and we cherish and are doing a fantastic job and don't get the kind of recognition that they -- they should get, but actually, they do, because the people love them, right? The people love them. And we appreciate our law enforcement.

Our hearts go out to the families who have lost loved ones. How many -- what is the number, would you say, John, right now?

Amazing. Well, it's a tremendous number, but you were thinking it could be -- it could have been a lot worse.

Yeah. Amazing.

Amazing.

So, 15 years ago this week, Louisiana was devastated by Hurricane Katrina. That seems to be -- Katrina seems to be the standard. It seems to be the one that's our -- 15 -- is it actually today? Fifteen years ago today.

And whether you come from Louisiana or Fifth Avenue in New York City, you know all about Katrina, right? That was a bad, bad deal. And devastation. And, now, the devastation was far greater, even though the storm probably wasn't as powerful.

Correct.

Are your levees now in good shape?

The best ever. Good. That's good.

So you came together and you rebuilt, America helped. And here we are today, and you're going to have this situation taken care of very, very quickly.

I'd like to ask Governor John Bel Edwards to say a few words, and then, John, if you would say a few words. And we'll take a few questions from the press, if you'd like. We'll talk about primarily the storm. Okay?

Amazing.

Are you in need of water too?

Water -- bottles of water?

Right. There's one outside. I said, "That's some tower to come down."

Good. Good.

Well, thank you. You know, when you think of it, Louisiana has been through a lot with the COVID and with this, a couple of other things. And you have all done a very good job.

Is that right? You've done a great job. You've done a great job. Thank you very much.

And, Nick, I'm going to come back and find out at the end of three weeks how popular you are.

This is a big test.

Did good. We did good.

Or they would have been in a basement. So --

So, you know, if anybody would like to make a statement -- Steve, would you like to make a statement?

Yeah. Right.

And we do, Steve. And we do have their back.

Mike Johnson, would you want to say something?

All right. I always will. I always will.

Fellas, anybody?

Let's go. Clay, go ahead. Please.

So, Clay, 1960. You're a young guy. I didn't know you were so young. He's a young guy.

A lot of miles.

Yes, please.

Right.

That was a bad one.

That was the water more than anything else, right? That was a bad one. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Great job you're doing.

That's great. Good.

Wow.

Give the information once again, please.

Gary -- Garret, anything to say?

I was.

It hasn't changed.

That's great. Thank you, Garret, very much. I appreciate it.

And, Pete, let me ask you: You're bringing the big generators down? Are they here yet?

Great. Thank you very much.

Any questions of any of the folks?

Can you take -- could you possibly take that off? Because I can't hear you.

Well, they're doing a very good job down here with respect to that and even pre-storm. But I'll ask John Bel to say a few words about that, John.

Chad, do you want to answer that question?

Go ahead. Just take it off.

Well, that was the question I asked these folks: Are the storms more frequent? Are they bigger? In all fairness, you probably had your biggest storms. I think you said your biggest one was in the 1800s, but who knows? Who knows? It might have been a very small storm, by comparison, right? There's no way of really understanding that or knowing that.

But, look, the area has been a storm area. There are tremendous advantages to being here. People love it. That's why they would never leave. They wouldn't even think about leaving.

One thing I have -- I've met a lot of people; not one person would even think about it. I think if they ever even suggested it, that would be the end of them, right?

So -- this is home. This is home.

John, would you like to answer that question? They're talking about the storms and frequency. Do you see a difference?

And I have heard that if the path was different -- we got lucky, in a sense; maybe not for the people in the way, but frankly, we got a little bit lucky. If the path were over a little bit more one way or the other, this could have been, by far, the worst storm -- the worst hurricane you've ever had.

You got a little bit lucky. That's what I've heard from some people.

Thank you all very much. We'll be making another stop soon. Thank you very much.