Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is incredible. So this is a vehicle where the -- essentially, the engines -- the motor's engines are in the wheels. They're in the wheels -- in all four wheels.

It's Lordstown, Ohio. They make them in Lordstown, Ohio. You know Senator Portman. We are -- we've been working on this very long and very hard because General Motors left the plant. This is a company that went in -- and, I guess, General Motors is your partner. But they went in, and they have an incredible vehicle. And you'll make how many a year when you get it going?

And they've already started. But this is a really unique thing because the four wheels are -- and you would call it a motor, right?

It's called a "hub motor." "Hub motor." And this is the only one that does this in the world, and it has a lot of advantages. Maybe you'll explain the advantages.

Do you think that this is the wave of the future?

This is the first time ev- -- it's ever been done. It's been thought of for a long time. In theory, it should work better.

I mean, it should work better.

It also gives you room inside here.

So is that additional room that you have?

Right.

Rob, would you like to say something?

And it's exciting because everyone has wanted to do -- do this. This is a great technology. They've known it. But until this, nobody has actually done it, having the motors in each wheel -- having motors in each wheel, and they're very well coordinated, and you can work them individually or whatever is necessary by computer. It's an incredible concept. I think it's an incredible concept.

Congressman, would you like to say something?

Thank you.

Well, the area was devastated when General Motors moved out, and then we worked together, and we made the deal on the plant. But beyond the plant -- I mean, it's incredible what's happened to the area. It's booming now. It's absolutely booming and really great. And you also have room for expansion in a plant.

That's good. That's great. So they'll have over 100,000 a year, and I heard the sales are great. And -- but the concept, I've heard about it for years. I never knew what anyone was doing it. It's so exciting.

That's fantastic. Congratulations. Congratulations.

Anybody else? Would you like to say something? You've worked at all the different -- the big plants, I understand -- every one of them.

Yeah, .

We'll be there with you.

Would you like to say something?

That's great.

Well, congratulations to you both. Rob, congratulations. Congratulations. And, Peter, thank you. Congressman, great job. It's a great job. We've all done a good job. What can I say?

But it's hotter now than it was before, and that's something really different. And it's an incredible piece of science, technology. It's an incredible thing. It's going to happen now with more and more trucks and cars. And, ultimately, they say you'll be able to do it for less money, and it's better, which is a good combination.

Okay. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Yeah, I am. I do. I'm really --

-- I am looking -- I am looking very forward to the debate. Thank you, everybody.