Thank you very much. This is Governor Bill Lee, and he's done a fantastic job of working with FEMA and the federal government and state government and everybody, Bill. And this is real devastation like you'll never seen, hopefully, again. This was about as big a tornado as you can have. It was 50 miles long, which is extraordinarily long, and a very wide one.

And you see what's happened. We saw it from the helicopter very well. You did too. I just want to thank you very much for the great job you're doing.

They do. They do. Thank you.

Would you like to say something?

Please.

They're great people. It's a great state. And what is the final count of death in the state itself? The entire state.

Well, thank you very much. We're going to see some of the people that really survived, some not in good shape and some in very good shape -- incredibly in good shape. But anybody in these homes -- this is a swath that it went right through, on this side -- on this side of the street. And obviously, anybody in these homes, for the most part, they were killed.

Given very little warning. They get a phone call, "Hey, there's a tornado," and boom, it's on them. They just -- they just appeared. And it's -- we're working very hard. FEMA is doing a great job.

They were told to do the absolute best. Thank you very much. Do you have any questions?

Well, I do have a message, and I have a message for the families of those that lost their lives: We love them; they're special people. It's an incredible place, an incredible state. Tremendous heart. Already, you see people rebuilding. I mean, it took place literally hours ago -- a couple of days -- and they're already rebuilding.

I've never seen -- we were flying over; you see the blue roofs going up. It's all over the place. It's just great people. It's a great state. And they have great leadership in this state, and that's why it's working out like it is. But still, 25 people, at least, and some really very badly hurt.

Very, very badly hurt. The mayor was telling me some of the houses came down and they got here right after that happened, and the people are walking out of the houses and -- you might explain that, what that looked like.

They didn't know what happened.

They just -- all of a sudden, they're watching television or something and, all of a sudden, they're outside, walking on the street. There was one young boy, I heard he was taken out of the house and --

A couple of blocks away.

Thank you very much.

Yeah. We're doing it and we're doing it now. We're going to also, I think, stop at the church where there are a lot of people huddled up in the church. It's a cold day and they're all huddled up. We're going to the church also. We're seeing some of the people over here.

We're looking at different options. Different options. We did get tremendous job numbers this morning. They were -- you know, if you add the 80,000 to the 270 -- you know, they were talking in the 350,000 range. But right now, that's not something we want to be talking about. Okay? Thank you.

Yeah.

Very quickly. Almost momentarily. I did it. The mayor called me. The Governor called me. We had calls from a lot of people. That was an immediate emergency. But we've spoken -- we approved it within minutes of the call.

To be determined. What they need -- we're going to take care of what they need.

Much of that money goes to help the people that got just wiped out.

They're wiped out. They have nothing. And -- and many people died.

Well, I love them. I love them very much. That's why I'm here. Some people wouldn't be here. There was no way that I wasn't going to stop here first. And I was going to do it yesterday, but they asked me for one more day because they -- they were looking for -- they were looking for bodies, believe it or not, up until just now.

They now -- they've pretty much covered everything. But -- and just God be with them. And we're going to be with them. We're going to be with them all the way. And I can tell you, the Governor feels the same as I do. And the mayors -- I just want to congratulate you, because the job you've done, everybody is talking about it. They haven't slept in 48 hours.

Neither have you, come to think of it. So we're going to go see the people now and say hello to them and do whatever you can do. It's tough. A lot of them have lost people within the family. One family got entirely wiped out. There was one case, though -- I heard a young man was -- an 8-year-old boy was ripped out, flown to a certain area, and dropped off at the street two or three blocks away.

And they found him walking. And he said, "I just flew in the air." And he was walking down the street two blocks away from his home. And how did his parents do? Do you know?

They were deceased? They were dead.

So it took him and he said, "I was carried by the air, away from my house." He came back. But his --

He was over there. And his parents were killed.

And his sister. So we're going to go see some of the folks.