Well, thank you very much. We're with friends of mine and members of the African American community, and we're going to be talking about law enforcement, education, business, health, and various other things.

As you know, tomorrow, we're going to Dallas. We're going to start our rallies back up now. We've had a tremendous run at rallies. I don't think there's been an empty seat in -- since we came down in the escalator with the First Lady. That was with the future First Lady, at that point. It's been an amazing thing to behold.

And we're going to be starting our rallies. The first one, we believe, will be probably -- we're just starting to call up -- will be in Oklahoma -- in Tulsa, Oklahoma. A beautiful, new venue -- brand-new. And we're looking forward to it. They've done a great job with COVID, as you know, in the state of Oklahoma. We're going to be coming into Florida -- do a big one in Florida, a big one in Texas. They're all going to be big. We're going to Arizona.

We're going to North Carolina at the appropriate time. The governor is a little backward there. He's a little bit behind. And unfortunately, we're going to probably be having no choice but to move the Republican Convention to another location. That'll be announced shortly. But we'll have no choice. We wanted to stay in North Carolina very badly. We love it. It's a great state. A state I won. Many, many friends. Many relatives, frankly, that live there. And we'll see how it all works out, but the governor doesn't want to give an inch.

And what he's lo- -- doing is losing hundreds of millions of dollars for his state. But we'll probably have no other recourse but to move it to another state. We have a lot of states that want it: Texas, Georgia, Florida. We have many, many states that want it. But we've given them everything we can -- North Carolina, a special place -- but I think we're going to probably end up giving you an announcement pretty soon.

We are doing well in so many ways. You see what's going on with Nasdaq; we just broke another record yesterday. Some good news came out of the Federal Reserve today, I think -- some very good news. We're really doing a financial comeback. The jobs numbers were fantastic.

Now, we'll have some other job numbers come up over the next few weeks, and we'll see how that goes. But I think it's really good, and we're on our way to a very big comeback.

I'd like to ask some of the folks that I'm with today to say a few words. They've been really supporters and friends of mine. They understand life. They understand, I think, the black community better than anybody I know. And I will tell you, Ben Carson is an example of exactly what I'm talking about. He's been my friend from the first day we met, I think.

And we met -- we were opponents, but we were never really opponents. Ben is a very exceptional guy. He's done a fantastic job at HUD. But I'd like to maybe start with Ben to say a couple of words, and go to Darrell and the rest of us.

Let's say a few words to the press, if you would, please. Ben.

That's right.

Well, as I've been saying, Ben, I think that the economy will be -- next year, will be maybe the best it's ever been. You can already see it with the stock market, how it's been going up, because you have a lot of smart people that are betting on exactly what I'm saying. The stock market is almost as high as it was prior to the plague floating in from China.

It was a plague that floated in from China. Now they're learning that it may have been much earlier, which bears out exactly what I've been saying. You saw that word yesterday -- that it may have come in a lot sooner than we were told.

A friend of mine is Darrell Scott. And he's a great guy and he's got a tremendous heart. At the same time, he's a tough cookie. I think that's what maybe attracted me to him, unfortunately. I didn't get attracted to the good parts, but that's a good part, too.

Darrell, say a few words, please.

Well, your input has been very important, Darrell.

You know that. And it is true: I've known Darrell a long time. He didn't want anything. What he wanted was just to have a voice so he can make certain positions known. And he's done that very well -- better than anybody I can think of.

Another great voice in the black community is Wayne. Wayne, you've been my friend for a long time. Wayne Dupree. His show is a phenomena. It's a great success. And people listen, and they respect what you have to say.

Go ahead, please.

We'll do it. We'll do it, Wayne.

Go ahead, please.

Thank you very much. And, you know, it's interesting you say that, but you go down the list of criminal justice reform and all of the things we've done -- Opportunity Zones; the best unemployment rate in the history, just before the plague came in. And it's going to be back again soon. I think it's going to be back again, a lot sooner than people think. I think last week was a reflection of that -- the jobs numbers.

But you look at all of the things we've done. We've now worked on prison reform -- so important -- and so many other things.

But when you look at the economics, when you look at how well the black community has been doing under this administration, nobody has done anything like we've done.

And a big thing is criminal justice reform. I keep hearing about, "Oh, criminal justice reform," and everyone is trying to take the credit. And that one, I will say, we will take the full credit because they couldn't have done it without us. And I'm not sure, frankly, that the previous administration tried. They may have, but they certainly couldn't get it done.

And the people that came into my office really -- really asking very nicely for help. These people that are supporters of mine. But once we got it, they took the full credit for themselves, and that's okay too. But we got done criminal justice reform and all of the other things.

I think that one of the -- one of the elements that people aren't talking about are the Opportunity Zones that we did with a great senator. Your friend from South Carolina, right? We did it with Tim. And it was his idea. And it was a big idea, it was a bold idea, and it's worked much better than at our wild -- in our wildest dreams, we couldn't have thought that that was going to happen.

So we did many, many things, and we're going to continue to do many things. One of the elements that I talk about is -- and I was telling this to Darrell before -- that 42, 44 people would come to see me every year: the heads of the historically black colleges and universities. And they would come up here, and I got to actually know them.

And the first year they came, I thought it was a normal meeting. They were asking for a lot of money, which they were having a hard time getting from previous administrations, and we got it for them. The next year they came back, I said, "Oh, what are you guys back for?" He said, "Well, we want the money again." I said, "Aren't we working long-term deals?" "No." And you got the money. And then the third time, I said, "I see. You come... " So they made you for years -- many years -- for decades, they had to come back, keep coming back, keep coming back. Not like a lot of others. "Will they get it?" And they kept coming back and asking for money.

And I said, "What's this all about? Why do you have to come every year? Why don't we make a longer-term deal?" And we made, I think, a 10-year deal. And they were all funded up, and they were all set. And that's historically black colleges and universities. And they play a tremendous function.

I got to be friendly with some of them. I won't tell you what some of them said -- how bad it was about the past administration and past administrations. But they were treated very, very badly, and I treated them very good.

So they don't have to come back. I said, "The only bad thing is I won't see you people anymore, maybe for a long time."  And they were okay with that. You know, they can -- now they can focus on what they really do, which is education.

So we've done a lot for the black community, and we've done a lot for all communities. And it's a great honor to have you folks with us. And thank you very much.

Did you have anything to say, by the way, fellas?

Please, go ahead.

And you don't need closed police departments.

Do you agree with that?

Very good. Well -- well stated.

Wayne, what do you think? Good job?

I think a very good job. Good job. Thank you. Thank you, Sonnie. Appreciate it.

Fellas, go ahead. Please.

She said a lot.

I agree with that. That's true. It's the only way you get through the media because the media is almost 100 percent negative. It's incredible.

That's right.

Okay.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

That's beautiful. Well said.

vYour friend, right?

He's a good -- he's a good man, too. For a long time we're known him.

Okay, thank you all very much. And we'll see you tomorrow. We'll see you tomorrow in Dallas. Thank you.

Yeah, we're going to a place called Dallas tomorrow. I think it's going be a great trip. Meeting some very good friends. And we'll come back tomorrow night.

We're going on Saturday, as you know, to West Point. We're giving the commencement address, which will be very exciting. The cadets wanted that very much. So we're going to have them a little bit separated, a little social distancing, but we have the full class at West Point. And it was postponed because of the problem. It was supposed to be a month ago. We're going to do it. And that'll be on Saturday.

So that'll be very exciting. And I think a lot of you are going to be with us. And we're going to pay honor, really, to those incredible students and cadets. And they're going to be the future military leaders of our country.

Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Friday night. It will be Friday -- Friday night.

Next week.