Well, thank you very much. And I want to welcome many of our nation's top hospital CEOs to the White House. It's an honor to have you. Friends of mine for a long time, in many cases. We're glad to be joined by Vice President Pence, who's in the other room -- he'll be coming in a little while; and Seema Verma, who you deal with all the time, Administrator; Jared Kushner; CEO of the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation, Adam Boehler; Rear Admiral John Polowczyk; Army Colonel Pat Work. We appreciate everybody for being here. We're going to have a big discussion today, having to do with costs and hospitals and obviously how it relates to the hidden enemy.

I look forward to discussing our new partnership to establish the Dynamic Ventilator Reserve. As you know, hospitals throughout the country currently have more than 60,000 unused ventilators. It's -- you probably never had so many, have you? Or what do you think? Are you building up or are you going down? Are you going in the right direction?

Yeah, slowly. But we're building thousands of them right now. We're grateful that, through this initiative, your hospitals are committing to lend unused surplus ventilators to other hospitals if they have an immediate need. And you've been doing that. We appreciate it.

FEMA and HHS will support this initiative by guaranteeing that, in the unlikely event a lending hospital needs -- if there is a big lending need, more ventilators -- we will make sure that we have them. We will make sure that you get them. And we're a great backup for you. We are building literally thousands of ventilators right now, as you know, and they're -- they're starting to come in.

Other countries have also been asking us for ventilators. I don't know if you've been having that situation, but we're being asked by other countries. I just got off the phone with the President of France. And we are being asked about ventilators from everybody. Everybody.

When the virus struck our nation, governors raised fears that people who needed ventilators would not get the ventilators. My administration has used to Defense Production Act. And it's really had a big impact on companies, and companies wanting to get them done and get them done quickly.

We're preparing ventilator capacity for any and all scenarios. Initiatives like the Dynamic Ventilator Reserve will help us to achieve that goal. We need ventilators, but now we're pretty well stocked. We really needed them. We took over a country which was -- I've been saying to a lot of people; they don't like to write it -- but the cupboards were bare in many ways, including ventilators.

In addition, under the Defense Production Act, the United States will produce or acquire more than 32,000 ventilators by the end of May. And over -- listen to this one -- 150,000 ventilators by the end of the year. So we're going to have more ventilators by the end of the year than we've ever even thought possible. And we'll be helping out some of the states, but we'll be helping out other countries too, which I think we have -- on a humane basis, we have an obligation to do. We're getting tremendous calls from Italy and France and Spain and a lot of other countries beyond that.

By the end of the week, HHS will finish distributing the first $30 billion in direct payments to more than 300,000 hospitals and healthcare providers. If you don't need it, please let me know and we won't make the check available to you.  I think you people have been having a hard time. From what I'm understanding, you're having a hard time and I understand that very well.

All facilities that accept Medicare payments are receiving funding based on the amount of Medicare fee-for-service payments that you received in 2019. If that makes sense. Is that -- is that what you're looking at? Right?

Soon, HHS will distribute additional funds from the remaining $70 billion dollars provided in the CARES Act. A big deal to get that passed. A significant amount of this money will go to the hospitals and hotspots, while a portion of it will reimburse hospitals for the cost of treating uninsured patients and for the coronavirus.

So I think that's pretty much what we've been talking about and what you're looking at.

So now, I think what we'll do is I'd like to -- maybe in front of the media, you can go around the table quickly, just introduce yourself and your association, your hospital, or whatever it is -- whoever you're representing. And say a couple of words if you'd like. Please. We'll start with you, Sam.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Sam.

Please.

Good.

So you don't have much of problem, relative to other places?

What tests are you using?

Some of the Abbott tests too?

How do you find the Abbott test? Quick? Fast?

But you're finding -- the antibody tests, are you using that too?

Right.

That's good.

That's good. How many cases do you have, would you say, in your community?

That's relatively very small.

And you'll keep it that way.

Right. Right.

Yeah, it's a great job. You've done a great job. Thank you very much.

Please.

So what area do you cover mostly, David?

So you're in a lot of places that don't have the big hotspots, right?

Wow.

And so you're very careful on that.

That's great. Great job, David. Thank you very much.

Joseph?

I appreciate it very much. Thank you. Good job you're doing, too.

Please.

So, Rick, we're also building a very high-quality ventilator. Because you have to make a decision, and I was told it makes a big difference. The level of quality of a ventilator -- what is it? What is the difference? Do you find it makes a big difference? They're obviously more expensive, more detailed, harder to build. But I hear they are more effective -- quite a bit. Is that -- do you all consider that to be correct?

So we're building the one that they say is -- that, you know, we're trying to go at a standard that is very high. And you think that's worth it?

It makes a difference.

Yeah, if it makes a difference --

Very good. Thank you, great job.

Please.

We got them to him.

We got them to him. We sent a lot of ventilators to your state and we've been working very well with your governor and with your two senators, too.

We also built you a lot of hospitals and hospital beds, in particular. And we just cut back on the final because you didn't need them, which was great. You didn't need them.

So, you're seeing a flattening right now, right?

Fantastic. Great job. Say hello.

Please.

Good.

Yeah. I spoke to Ken yesterday. We'll take care of all the situation. You people have really done a fantastic job during this crisis.

Please.

Good.

That's right. You built a big one, right?

That's very good.

That's fantastic.

Yeah. Well, that's great. And you do have a great governor. Mike has done a great job.

And we appreciate it very much.

So, we're going to talk for a couple of minutes. And thank you all very much, media. Thank you.