I wanna give a big hello to General Jerry Boykin of the Family Research Council, and of course, Tony Perkins, who's been my friend for a long time. They have done a fantastic job, these two gentlemen, and we appreciate having you on board and all of the incredible work you do for all of us, and in particular a thing called religion, very important, religion.

What we've done in this administration with getting rid of the Johnson Amendment where they took away your rights, they took away your heart, they took away everything. And, first meeting I had with Tony last election, right at the beginning I said, "Uh, what's this with the Johnson Amendment? You're no -- not allowed to speak up.

You can't talk. You can't do what you're supposed to be doing. People like us wanna hear from you and a lot of your friends that are ministers and pastors and rabbis and lots of other faith leaders. We wanna hear from you, and we couldn't hear from you because of the Johnson Amendment." We got rid of it, and then what we've done in terms of pro-life, what we've done in terms of the Supreme Court, but not only the Supreme Court, two great justices, but by the end of my first term, we'll have 300 approximately, federal judges including court of appeals judges.

This is something that's a record. It's a ph -- phenomenal number. I wanna thank President Obama. He left us 142 openings, which no president has ever been so generous to leave. I guess he probably thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win, but that's what happened. So, thank you very much, President Obama, but as you know, he was not good to you and I am good to you.

So, we have taken care of everything that Tony and the general and other people have come to me when they had problems. We worked with you and we got it solved, whether it's Mexico City, which we've done more on than anybody, any other president, and I can say that with the , and so many other things.

So, I just wanna thank you for being great American patriots. You really are. You're great American patriots, people of faith, and I am with you 100%. Your White House, your administration stands behind you. I especially wanna thank you for your prayers on my behalf, and also for my family. It's very much appreciated.

Thank you very much. P.S. Tony, it's a different place. Right now I'm in the White House, but a lot's happened since I just taped the one piece for you, and I was so happy with it I said, "Let's just do an add-on." So, this is an add-on, but a lot of things have happened. As you know, a legend of the United States Supreme Court has passed away, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and we are paying our respects to her.

We all pay our respects, whether you agree or don't agree with her decisions, we had great respect for her personally. We will be choosing a new justice of the United States Supreme Court very shortly, probably on Saturday, and I think you're gonna be extremely happy, whether it's pro-life you're talking about, whether it's your Second Amendment that you're talking about.

No matter what you're talking about, I think you're gonna be extremely pleased, extremely happy. So, I just wish everybody have a great time, have a great life. You're gonna be very happy with President Trump, and you're gonna be very thrilled by the choice of the next justice of the United States Supreme Court. Thank you very much.