Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.  I want to thank you very much your workers I want to explain this to the fake news. Your workers we wanted to see you in town we couldn't because of the coronavirus which we are working very hard on. We are doing a job and a lot of good numbers, a lot of good things are happening including vaccines and therapeutics but I just wanted to let you know I thank you for coming out here.

They said you have a maximum number that you can have and that is all we are allowed so you are a very special group and thank you all for coming out here. Thank you. So I am thrilled to be back in Ohio and proud of the hard-working patriots of the Buckeye State. Four years ago I came here, right here, that was an amazing four years ago was in it when you think how time flies?

Right here to Cleveland to accept the Republican nomination for president of the United States and we have worked hard and we have done some job and they are finally starting to recognize it and they will see. Do you know when they are going to recognize it? On November 3, that is when they are going to recognize it.

Three months from now on November 3 we will once again win the State of Ohio like we did last time. I just spoke to Bob  and he said we are doing better than we did last time and I think we won it by almost 9 points and he said we are doing better than last time. Thank you, Bob. But we are looking forward to beat -- to really, I mean look we are running against a radical left ideology, their messenger is sleepy Joe.

He doesn't know he does know what it with the message is but he's going to do whatever they tell them to do, you know it because he's not all there. I want to just say that a very good friend of mine just tested positive. Do you know that? Our great governor, the governor of Ohio, DeWine just tested positive just here and we want to wish him the best.

He will be fine. I guess he is going for a secondary test. I just said I look forward to seeing the governor. They said sir, he just tested positive but he's a great guy. He's a fantastic job and your Lieutenant John Husted is here someplace. John, hi John. Thank you, John very much. Also House Speaker Bob Cupp.

Thank you, Bob. Thanks, Bob. Republican candidate for Ohio's 13th District Christina Hagan. Christina, come here. Come up here, John. Just come up here. Bob, come up here. Come on over here. I don't know if they hear me with these crazy speakers, but whatever. Just social distance Christina right there, Christina.

So listen, you have a guy really he is so terrible Tim Ryan, this woman is incredible you got to let her win. Tim Ryan, he talks, and he talks, and he talks gets nothing done. What -- I mean, we have to beat this. He only talks about jobs he does nothing. We have in Christina an incredible candidate, incredible in every way.

She will work so hard for you. Tim Ryan goes out he runs for President he got zero, zero, zero, zero. All talk so I hope Christina they're going to put you there. You have my complete and total endorsement. And that has meant a lot, that has meant a lot. I think it's about 244 to 2 or 3 or something so I don't want you to be number four, okay?

You are going to get it and fellas you are doing a great job. We appreciate it. Say hello to the governor too. But we will finish this up. Thank you very much. Christina, thank you very much. Good luck. We are with you all the way, Christina. We have got to win. Also we have our Republican Party Chairwoman Lisa Stickan.

Hi, Lisa. Thank you, Lisa. Great job you are doing. Thank you. Are we doing good, Lisa? Good. And we have as you know Gene Scalia. Good -- good bloodline. Gene Scalia, there he is and Bob  who was with me from day one in Ohio, and he has done a fantastic job. So I've come to visit the workers of the great state and a great American company whirlpool.

They had a lot of problems until I got involved and now they are doing great. It's the largest washing machine manufacturing facility in the world. It is in Clyde, Ohio, you know that, and that is where I am going. Under the last administration, the men and women of Whirlpool saw their job and factories targeted for destruction and yet -- you know the story, right?

Vice President Biden he's a real beauty; he let it happen. Foreign-made washing machines were dumped in our market below cost in order to put Whirlpool out of business and yet the Obama administration with Joe Biden watching over freely allowed this grave injustice to continue. They let other countries pillage American jobs, lay waste to American communities, and eviscerate American middle class.

So they allowed things to happen which should never have happened to you when we're brought it back, and you know that we have brought it back. Under my administration -- all of that has changed. We stood up to the foreign cheaters, we defended American jobs, we imposed massive tariffs on foreign washing machines, and we saved the workers of Whirlpool.

And everything we do, we are finally putting America first. That's right. During Joe Biden's five decades in Washington think of it he's been in public office for 47 years he's done nothing now he's going to fix everything. Doesn't work that way. And I wouldn't say he's at the top of his game, would you?

Do you think? But he supported every single globalist attack on American workers. Joe Biden's policies put China first and America last, and that is what he will continue to do if he ever got the shot, and you will have a disruption in the market the likes of which our country has never seen. You will have a crash in the markets because he's going to double and triple your taxes; he's going to do things that nobody ever would ever think even possible because he's following the radical left agenda.

Take away your guns, destroy your Second Amendment, no religion, no anything, hurt the Bible, hurt God. He's against God. He's against guns. He's against energy, our kind of energy. I don't think he's going to do too well in Ohio. If he did, we would have a big story. He's not going to do well. I was in Texas the other day I said wait a minute the other side is against guns.

They are against oil and gas. They are against religion, Bible, God. How's he going to win Texas? How's he going to win Texas? So he's not going to win Texas. He's not going to win Ohio. Bob told me we're better now in Ohio than we were four years ago. I will take the same victory. But I think we're better.

So I just want to tell you that my first week in office, I canceled the Transpacific Partnership, which was a disaster. I canceled the so-called clean water power plan the clean power plan, which only had a nice name it took all of your land away. I have been given more credit for that maybe than anything.

It gave you back your rights, it gave you back your freedom. I canceled the so-called clean power plan, withdrew the United States from unfair Paris Climate Accord which was costing us a fortune which was meant against us, which was pitted against us and ended the war on American energy. We are now number one in the world in energy, energy production.

We renegotiated the Korea trade deal, which was a disaster. I imported and came in with what we took into our country and then put out, but most importantly, I imposed historic tariffs on China and stood up to China's rampant trading abuses. They had the worst year and 67 years, we had the best year we've ever had, and now we're going back to that again.

And then, of course, I passed the largest tax cuts in the history of our country and the largest regulation cuts in the history of our country. We got rid of all of those job-killing regulations, and that is one of the reasons that not only did we do well but we're doing well and you'll see numbers coming out.

They're coming out very well. Including -- look at the stock market. We're almost at an all-time high and NASDAQ a month ago just hit the highest it's ever been. So to me, that means jobs. One of the things I did in Lima, do you know Lima? We saved your tank plant. And I came in and was gone and I said give me a tour of the tank plant and we went to Lima.

I went looked at it. I said, supposing we need tanks? Well, I have this we have to buy them overseas. That's no good and I said -- I canceled the order to say -- I saved it and now it's doing business like is never done before and I'm very proud. That was a very personal thing for me. When I went through that plant -- I'm pretty good at this stuff.

When I went through that plant, I said you can't rebuild this and, more importantly, you'll never get people that can build. They're very, very complicated and complex and I said you'll never get people to do this job again. So I just want to thank you. You've been with me, all of you from the beginning.

I want to thank you. We're taking a helicopter ride. You know where were going over to Whirlpool. I wanted to thank you. I wanted to say you're a very special group of people. We're going to win bigger in Ohio now than we did four years ago. And were very proud of what we've done. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, better than any other nation by far, and then the plague was released by China whether it was incompetent or other reasons, it got out.

It didn't get out to China, but it got out to the U.S. and to Europe and to a lot of other countries. 188 countries and we will not forget that. We will not be forgetting that. But now we're rebuilding. We closed it, we saved millions of lives and now we're reopening. We want our schools open, we want our buildings open, our -- our office buildings open.

We want to get back to business and we're doing it and it's looking more and more like, just as I predicted, it's going to be a V. Did you see yesterday? Auto production, one of the highest numbers they've ever seen. Used car sales, one of the highest numbers I think the highest number that ever seen. Those are big numbers.

So we're doing really well. We're going to have a tremendous third quarter, but were going to have a fantastic next year. Ohio, I love you and I love all of these incredible workers. Thank you. Right from the beginning. Thank you very much and I'll see you soon. We're going to go and help Whirlpool right now. So long, everybody. Thank you.