Well, thank you very much. It's great to be with the Governor of Colorado and the Governor of North Dakota, two governors that are working very hard -- harder than they thought they'd have to work. We also have two very distinguished senators that you know very much: Senator Gardner, who you know, and -- John, say hello. Say hello to the fake news.

Yeah.

Thank you. It's been -- and that's what we're doing. That's what we're here for -- to do that and to talk about it. We just came out with a new listing on testing. We just cracked 10 million tests, which is here. I thought you'd like to show that to everybody. Ten million. We set an all-time record, by far. If you look down here, these are other countries that have not done anywhere near what we're doing.

We're double. If you add them up and double them, we've done more tests. But I can't get the press to print that, unfortunately. They just don't want to print it.

But I want to thank the governors for being here, very much. We appreciate it. We're going to have some good, fruitful talks about going even to the next step. And I know you're trying to open up, and I know you're opening up. You're sort of more than trying; you're opening up. And you're both -- you're both doing an excellent job, and it's an honor to have you at the White House very much. And these two gentlemen have done a fantastic job.

And David you know from Interior, and David is very much involved with your states. And how are they doing, David? What do you think?

I think so. They're doing a good job. They really are. They're doing a good job.

We're talking about, as you know, Space Force, and a lot of the states are interested in Space Force. And we're talking to some of them, and I know that Colorado is very interested in it, and so we'll be talking to you about that too. Okay? We might mention that today a little bit during our meeting.

So thank you all very much. Thank you.

Well, I think they should open the schools, absolutely. I think they should. And it's had very little impact on young people. And I think that if you're an instructor, if you're a teacher, a professor, and you're over a certain age -- like, let's say, 65 or maybe even, if you want to be conservative, 60 -- perhaps you want to stay out for a little while longer.

But I think you should absolutely open the schools. Our country has got to get back, and it's got to get back as soon as possible. And I don't consider our country coming back if the schools are closed. And it's had very little -- a very unusual situation. It's had very little impact on young people. And I would strongly say they should open. It's up to the governors. It's the governors' choice. But their state is not open if the schools aren't open. So, again, it's had very little impact on young people, and I think they should open their schools.

Well, I respect Lindsey Graham, and I'll certainly look at it. The bill to sanction China -- so I'll certainly take a look at it. I have not seen it yet.

Well, the unmasking is a massive -- it's a massive thing. It's -- I just got a list. It's -- who can believe a thing like this? And I watched Biden yesterday on "Good Morning America" being interviewed by one of your colleagues, George Stephanopoulos, and he said he knew nothing about anything. He has no idea. He knows nothing about anything. Nothing at all.

And then it gets released today that he was a big unmasker. So how do you know nothing if you're one of the unmaskers? It's one of the very big stories, and I suspect you'll have, if it's possible, even bigger stories coming out.

Look, Afghanistan -- we've been there for many years. We're like a police force. We're not fighting in Afghanistan; we're a police force in Afghanistan. And at some point, they're going to have to be able to take care of their country, and they're going to have to be able to police their country.

But we're not meant to be a police force; we're meant to be fighters. And we've been there for a long time. So, I don't know, we'll have to see. I have not heard that, Steve. We have had -- in Kabul, we've had some, I understand, some pretty big blowups.

But again, you count on the government to be able to police themselves, and they're having a hard time, I suspect.

But, again, we are the greatest fighting force in the world. We're not a police force that's going to stay around, and police the streets, and check out the red lights and traffic. It's not what we're supposed to be doing. Been there a long time.

You know, our force is down quite a bit, as you know. We're way down. And a lot of people have come back, brought them back. But the government has to be able, at some point, to do something for themselves.

Okay?

Well, I'm a believer in negative rates only if other countries that are competitors -- look, Germany, they're an ally, they're friends of ours, but they're still competitors on trade and other things. So Germany, Japan, others have negative rates. And I think if they do, we're the most prime of the world.

You know, where it's based -- many countries based on the dollar. The dollar is by far the strongest, most powerful currency in the world. We've made it more powerful and we've made it stronger. And certainly, if they're going to have the advantage of negative rates, we should too. I feel strongly we should have negative rates. Negative rates is basically where they pay you interest if you borrow money. This is a new one. I've been looking for something like that all my life. That's a pretty good one.

But certainly if other countries are going to be paid for putting out money -- I mean, they're -- think of it: They're borrowing money, and instead of paying interest, they're getting paid. It's the craziest thing.

But you know what? Other countries are doing it. Look at Germany, look at Japan, look at others, and we're the most prime in the world right now. And we have the -- we have the currency and we have the power of the dollar.

So I know that the Chairman has -- and he's done a very

good job over the last couple of months, I have to tell you that, because I've been critical. But in many ways, I call him my "MIP." Do you know what an "MIP" is? "Most Improved Player." It's called the "Most Improved Player Award." Did you ever get one of them when you were playing baseball, Cory? A good baseball player?

The Chairman, he's my MIP right now, for the last few months. I think he's done a very good job. I disagree with him on one thing now, and that's negative rates. And only because we're paying zero. Good news: With this money you're talking about on the stimulus, we're paying zero. We're down to zero interest.

That's good, but some countries -- countries and some states, rather, and some, also, countries you look at -- but we are paying, right now, zero, and other countries are paying less than that, if you can believe it. They're receiving money, and I think we should be in the exact same situations.

And, by the way, states are getting tremendous deals on borrowing. So a lot of the states that are coming to the federal government, they can go out and they can borrow, and they're getting phenomenal rates. Some of our states is what I'm talking about. They're getting phenomenal borrowing rates.

I don't know. It depends. Certainly not the package that I saw today. Basically, if you look at that package, what they want more than anything else is -- it's a voting package. They want to be able to make sure that Republicans can't win an election by putting in all sorts of mail-in ballots.

Now, I don't know if you knew because the press doesn't report this too much, but we had two very big victories last night. We won very big. Tom Tiffany won very big in the great state of Wisconsin. You saw that. That was -- last night it came in. That was a big one. You saw that, Doug. And won by a very, very substantial margin.

And in California, of all places, we had a fantastic race. And this was all mail-in ballots. This was all mailed ballots. And when they saw -- because it was mailed, they saw they were losing three days ago, and they ended up putting polling booths in, into basically Democrat areas. But despite that, it's looking like Mike Garcia -- I don't know if they've called the race yet, but he was substantially ahead. That's the problem with mail-in ballots. Are they going to dump a whole pile of ballots on your desk just before the election?

So the problem with the mail-in ballots: It's subject to tremendous corruption. Tremendous corruption, cheating. And so I'm -- I'm against it. And if you look at the bill that Nancy Pelosi is putting in, it has a lot to do with elections. And then we're not going to -- we're not going to lose elections because of that.

And I do think you should mention the fact that the Republicans won two major congressional seats last night. I think it's really worthy of mentioning.

Well, let's finish with your question.

Well, it's, as they say, "DOA." Right?

DOA.

Dead on arrival. Of course, Nancy Pelosi knows that, you know, obviously.

I was just with General Milley and some other generals, and I asked them about General Flynn: "Do you know him?" They said, "Yes, sir. I've known him for 20 years." "What do you think?" "He's an incredible man, an incredible soldier. He's an incredible general." This is General Milley, head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, four star. He's done fantastically. He thinks General Flynn is a great, great gentleman and a real fighter.

And when I see what is happening to him, it's disgraceful. And it was all a ruse. And, by the way, the FBI said he didn't lie. The FBI said he did not lie. So with all the stuff I'm hearing about lying, the FBI said he didn't lie. But the sleazebag said, "Well, we don't care what he -- what they say. We're saying he lied." Okay? But the FBI, you remember, when they left, they said, "He didn't lie." What they've done to that man and that family is a disgrace. But I just tell you that because I just left General Milley, and he said, "A great man and a great soldier." Isn't that a shame.

Well, we'll talk about that, but he's going to be okay. He'll be just fine.

And I'm very, very saddened by what's happening to General Flynn and others. I want to tell you right now: and others.

Please.

About reopening what?

Look, he wants to play all sides of the equation. I think we're going to have a tremendous fourth quarter, I think we're going to have a transitional third quarter, and I think we're going to have a phenomenal next year. I feel that we are going to have a country that's ready to absolutely have one of its best years.

Next year, with all of the stimulus and all of the fact that it's a -- it's a pent-up demand like I haven't seen. And you see it right now. These two really professional, good governors that do such a -- you know, work so hard, I know both of them very well. One happens to be a Democrat, okay? But we've worked together, and I think we've worked together very well. And, one, you would expect me to say that, but it happens to be true, okay? Really good job too.

But we've worked very, very well together. They want to get their states open. Some governors and some, perhaps, partisans, maybe for election reasons, don't want to have their states opened. And then some shouldn't open them quite yet. You know, they're not ready. They went through a lot, and they're not quite ready.

But, no, we're opening our country. People want it open. The schools are going to be open. I was seeing the other day: Purdue, great school, great college, university -- and Purdue is opening and others are opening, and they're all announcing it. These are young people. These are students. Young students. They're in great shape. They're in great shape.

Now, when you have an incident, one out of a million, one out of five hundred thou- -- will something happen? Perhaps. But, you know, you can be driving to school and some bad things can happen too. So, no, we're going to open our country, and we want it open.

Well, I was surprised -- I was surprised by his answer, actually, because, you know, it's just -- to me, it's not an acceptable answer, especially when it comes to schools.

The only thing that would be acceptable, as I said, is professors, teachers, et cetera, over a certain age. I think they ought to take it easy for another few weeks -- five weeks, four weeks, who knows. Whatever it may be. But I think they have to be careful because this is a disease that attacks age and it attacks health. And if you have a heart problem, if you have diabetes, if you're a certain age, it's certainly much more dangerous. But with the young children, I mean -- and students, it's really -- it's just -- take a look at the statistics. It's pretty amazing.

Yeah. If anything is done, I would do that. And these are the new testing numbers, so you saw that. But I was just showing this to a group of people outside. We're now over 10 million tests, or we will be very shortly, like within a couple of days.

Look at that test. This is us. This is the rest of the world. Okay? We have more tests and we have better tests, Jon. We have more tests and we have better tests. And we're going to have your football team in, your championship football team.

Right?

And we were -- the Bison -- and tell us a little about the team, first of all. You know, they won the championship and we were all set to have them, and what happened is the plague came in. And because of the plague -- it came in from China -- and because of the plague, we didn't have those great people.

But we'll do a raincheck. Okay? But seriously, even if it's in a few months, we'll do a raincheck.

Tell them about the team, because it was a tremendous season.

Yeah. Good.

Yeah.

So I watched the game on television, the championship game. I didn't know too much about it. I don't get to watch too much of the television -- football games, right? And I'm saying, "Man, that team is really good." They were really good. And then I got a call from Doug, and I get a call from John and get a call from our other very friendly senator. Right? The three of them. And they said, "Do you think we could possibly honor the team?" Because we honor the national champion. And my question was, "How would your team do against the national champions?" They were pretty good -- LSU -- this year, right? Not a bad quarterback, huh?

How do you think? I don't know. You think -- you think "okay," right?

Wow.

That's pretty good. I didn't --

Wow.

He had a good start.

Well, let the team know we're going to do a raincheck.

Okay?

Yeah, please.

Well, we'll go after them very seriously. Yeah. If there's any companies that got loans that they weren't entitled to, we'll go after them very seriously. They'll have big problems.

I hope they will. I mean, look, it's -- you have a situation where a President has to be able to focus on this. And, you know, when you're doing an audit, who would give -- you know, in the old days, no President gave tax returns. A while ago -- I mean, no President gave tax returns.

But when you're under audit, who would -- who would want to give them? It's a very big thing, but it would also take time, it would take -- and this -- people are going to get -- ultimately, people are going to be getting returns. They're going to see that.

But I think -- you know, I think it went very well, yesterday. I thought it was -- I have great respect for the Supreme Court. And I think the lawyers put out a very strong case. And from what I've read, it was a very strong case.

Yeah, please.

Well, it's an interesting question. I haven't seen Mike Pence, and I miss him. But he was in the room with somebody that tested positive. And he did not test positive; he tested the opposite. He's in good shape. But I guess we said, for a little while we'll stay apart, because you don't know what happens with this very crazy and horrible disease.

But we speak a lot on the phone. But I'm in the White House. Mike is at his office, but he's, you know, pretty much away from people.

And he's doing a great job. He's done a great job, I think you'd say, on the task force. He really has. I think you've pretty much gotten everything you wanted. And we try and get it to you quickly.

Yeah. Yeah. They've done a -- we've worked very well together with -- with Republican governors and with Democrat governors.

And when are you thinking of opening? Explain what you're going to do.

And then, Doug, I'm going to ask you.

Great.

It looks good.

Not bad. Not bad.

How about -- because I go there, as you know. And the ski slopes are fantastic, right?

There are those that say the greatest anywhere. How are you doing with the skiing? And -- you know, it's a big business for you.

That's very interesting.

I've heard that, yeah.

And you also do a lot of summer business and springtime business. And what are you doing with that?

Right. Right.

I heard that.

So now there's people coming, because everyone goes -- everyone coming in.

How has that been? How is the level of infection right now?

Right. Sure.

And, Cory, you're working together very much, I know, with the Governor and everybody else?

Yeah.

I was told they're here and you're getting them very quickly.

Right.

And you have good healthcare in that state, right?

How did they do? How did those restaurants do with the take-out?

Good. Good.

That's a great test. That's a new and a great test.

So, Doug, how about North Dakota? How are you doing?

Great.

And you're using different tests -- all different? And you're in good shape with the testing. What tests are you using?

Right.

Great.

Yeah.

That's fantastic.

So why do you attribute -- what do you attribute that to?

Being a good governor, right?

Oh, wow. That's fantastic.

Right.

That's great.

That's fantastic.

And your oil prices are going up a little bit now. I saw that you're at $26, $27 a barrel, and pretty soon you'll be up to the number that you have to be up to. That's --

-- a big difference.

Right. Right.

That's right.

That's right. Great job.

John, what do you have to say about the state and the job the Governor and everybody else has done? I know it -- I know it well.

Yeah.

It's worked out well.

Yes.

And we're sending them billions of dollars of money that we took in from a country that targeted them. Last year, we gave them $16 billion. The year before, we gave them $12 billion. And no other President would've done that, I can tell you.

She is.

That's great.

Michelle, do you have anything to say?

That's so great.

That's fantastic.

Yeah. You've done a great job. Thank you very much.

And just to finish off, go ahead.

That's great.

Well, thank you very much. Terrific job too.

Yeah. That's right.

They've had a lot of difficulty in the different tribes, haven't they?

A lot of difficulty. Tremendous difficulty.

David, you've done a great job. Do you feel comfortable with all those cameras right behind your head?

So you're getting those parks open, yet?

So I hope everybody is listening. The parks are opening -- and rapidly, actually.

Right. And with those governors. You want the help from the governors.

Yeah.

So, in all cases, you're working with governors and opening the big parks.

That's great. That's great. Great job. Thank you.

Thank you very much, everybody.

They have great confidence. And they have great confidence in us, and they have great confidence in the airlines. We've saved the airlines with $25 billion and another $25 billion. And we have airlines that are now in good shape. I mean, they -- obviously, they're going to pick up with the fares and with the seats.

But the airline industry is in good shape. We've been able to save the airline industry which is -- would've been devastating if that happened. So they're in good shape.

Thank you very much.