Well, thank you very much. And we are having a meeting -- a very important meeting -- with the, I would say, the greatest bankers in the world, the most important banks in the world, financial centers, and having a good discussion. We're discussing the economy. We're discussing how it relates to jobs and all of the things that are happening right now with the virus that we've become so familiar with.

I'll be making some decisions. I've already made some decisions actually today, but I'll be making some other ones that are very important. And I thought I'd let the press in to hear some of the wisdom from the folks in the room. And, maybe, Brian, I'll start with you. And Brian is the chairman and he's the man at the -- at Bank of America.

Highly respected. Everybody in this room is at the highest level, highly respected. Brian, please.

It's true.

Well, thank you very much, Michael. That's true. And I think, prior to the coronavirus, it was -- it was just all go, and the numbers were fantastic. And we don't even know what the numbers are now. We'll have to see. The numbers from a week ago were great and from two days ago were great, but now we're hitting a patch.

And we're going to have to do something with respect to getting this -- getting rid of this virus as quickly as possible and as safely as possible. Our number one -- our number one priority is the health of the people of our country. And so we'll be making, most likely, a statement. I'll be making a statement later on tonight as to what I've decided to do and what our country will be doing. Charlie, please.

That's great. I'm glad you're saying that. That's great. Because there may be some of that, frankly, more so than you've been used to for the last three years. Right? It could happen. David?

I think we're going to get through it very well. And we'll be doing a lot of additional work with small business, as you know. We're going to be adding many billions of dollars, and we're going to be making lots of small-business loans, and the banks are too. So we'll be -- do you have anything to say about that?

Right.

Yesterday, as you know, we met with the insurance companies -- the top companies, the top people in the top companies, like yourselves -- and they were very generous. And you know what they did with co-pays and everything else. They're going all out. So we appreciated that very much. Steve? Do you have anything to say?

Steve?

Steve Schwarzman.

Yeah, they've made very good -- yeah, they've made very good progress, Steve, at CDC and different places that are dealing with the problem. They've made really tremendous -- tremendous strides. So we'll be announcing that also. Okay? Thank you very much. Anybody else have anything to say? Ken? Anybody?

Anybody?

Thank you.

Right.

True.

Great job you've done too. Please.

And how is -- how is Jamie doing?

Say hello to him.

All right?

I hear he's doing fine.

Good.

That's great.

I think there will be a pent-up demand when this is gone. I think that everything that maybe was tamped down now -- people aren't leaving their homes --

-- I think you're going to see a tremendous pent-up demand, which hopefully won't be in the too-distant future. Please.

Great, Richard. Thank you. Thank you very much. Anybody else? Anybody? Please.

Right.

Great. Thank you.

Right.

That's great. Thank you very much. And thank you all. Yes, please.

Yes.

Right.

Thank you very much, Kelly. Great. Thank you very much. So I'll be making a statement tonight, probably at 8 o'clock, and we'll be starting some additional solutions. We made a great decision on China and Asia, and they're healing and they're healing at a pretty good rate. Happy about that. And we could start to think about getting back involved in that part of the world.

And, as you know, we have another part of the world -- Europe -- that's in very tough shape. It's having a hard time right now with the virus. And we'll be making various decisions. You'll be hearing about them at approximately 8 o'clock tonight. Steve?

Well, I'll be -- I'll be letting you know that a little bit later.

We'll be talking about that later. All those things we're making a decision on.

I think they're going to be great. I think the folks around this table are the ones that finance them. And they understand. And they're great companies, but we're having to fix a problem that, four weeks ago, nobody ever thought would be a problem. Nobody -- you read about them. You read about them from 1917 and you read about them from lots of other times.

But nobody thought that we would seeing -- we were just discussing that. This came out of nowhere. And it actually came out of China, which is the way it works. But we are going to get the problem solved. The country is so strong. The institutions are so strong. You know, in the past, you had problems with institutions.

These are powerful institutions. They're built up. They're ready to go. And I know they'll be helping their customers during this short-term period. We think it's going to be a short-term period.

I don't mind that. I mean, it's actually a very good question. I was going to ask it myself. You've been hearing about the various forms, Brian, of stimulus -- different -- very different form of stimulus. What would you say would be good -- appropriate under these circumstances?

That solves all the problems. That's right.

If we get rid of the problem quickly, everything solves itself. We don't need stimulus. So that'd be good. But we are talking about various forms of stimulus. What would you think, Michael?

Right.

Great. Thank you very much. Ken, go ahead.

Right. I agree with that 100 percent. Anybody? Anybody? Kelly?

I think so. I think the payroll tax would be great. Democrats are not in favor of it. I'm trying to figure out why, because it would be something that would be very good for the -- the citizens, for the people, and even in longer term for the country. So that's a tax that people have long been talking about either cutting or getting rid of entirely.

So, Steve, what do you have?

Okay. Thank you very much.

That's CNN. Fake news. Go ahead. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you. Eight o'clock tonight. Eight o'clock tonight.

You'll be notified very shortly, but around here.

Within -- within 50 feet.

Both.