Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have some of the true leaders in our country of law enforcement. And that's what they've done: They've enforced the laws. They've done a fantastic job of it. We have among the best numbers we've ever had in terms of recorded history, certainly.

But this has been a very strong year for less crime. Let's put it that way: less crime. And there's a reason for less crime, and it's because we have great law enforcement. I'm very proud of them.

There won't be defunding. There won't be dismantling of our police. And there's not going to be any disbanding of our police. Our police have been letting us live in peace.

We want to make sure we don't have any bad actors in there. And sometimes you'll see some horrible things, like we witnessed recently. But 99 -- I say 99.9, but let's go with 99 percent of them are great, great people. And they've done jobs that are record setting. Record setting. So our crime statistics are at a level that they haven't been at.

And I just want to go around the room and just ask each one of the folks to say hello and tell a little bit about themselves and the success they've had. And then we're going to go and have a meeting as to where we go from here. Okay? Thank you.

Please.

Press that button. Yeah.

Good.

Thank you, Patrick, very much. I appreciate it.

Ashley, please.

Well, thank you very much, Ashley. You're doing a great job in Florida. I get the word you're doing a great job. Thank you.

Thank you.

Please.

Great job, Rob.

Thank you, Rob. Great job.

We've known each other a long time now. Really good.

Jared? Please.

Thank you, Jared. Thank you.

My star.

Great to have you with us. Great job you're doing, too. Thank you.

Please. Chief?

That's great. Thank you very much.

Mr. VP? Please.

Thank you, Mike, very much.

Thank you very much. Great job.

Thank you very much. Mark?

Thank you, Mark, very much.

Thank you very much, Tony. You do a great job, too. Appreciate it.

Bill, please.

Thank you, Bill. Well said. Thank you very much.

And Daniel -- I got to know Daniel in Kentucky. He is a superstar in the making, if he's not already a superstar. But he had an incredible race, and we watched it together. And congratulations on that. That was some -- that was some evening, right?

Go ahead, please.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, Dan. Proud of you.

So it's very interesting because I just see, in some of the papers, they want to end the police department -- quote, "end the police department" in Minneapolis. End it. What does that mean, "end it"?

They had a couple of very rough nights, and they had a third night which was not good. They abandoned their police precinct -- something I've never seen before. You had a mayor that asked them to abandon, and now they've abandoned the mayor, it looks like. Very -- the opposite of far thinking. You know, you say "far thinking." Is that far thinking?

So they had three really bad nights, and then we -- we -- I insisted on bringing in the National Guard, and all of a sudden, it was like magic. It was in good shape. They helped with the police, but the police were told to leave their posts. Nobody has ever seen anything like that.

But we insisted on having protection for that great city or that great state. A great state -- Minnesota. What a horrible thing. That's where it started, and we ended very strong there once we got involved. We got involved right from the White House, and we weren't going to let that happen to that city or that state. And I think a lot of people took notice.

The police are doing an incredible job. As I said, their records are being broken, in terms of lack of crime. Lack of crime -- where they had a tremendous year, tremendous 12 months; a tremendous 36 months, I think you can say, during the term. And then you add six months to that. Three and a half years -- it's gone by very quickly.

But we've had a tremendous record on crime. And we're going to work, and we're going to talk about ideas -- how we can do it better and how we can do it, if possible, in a much more gentle fashion.

A thing like happened should never have happened, and plenty of things shouldn't have happened. But we can't give up the finest law enforcement anywhere in the world. There's nothing like it. Few people, few countries have our record, and I'm talking about the positive record.

So we're going to be discussing some ideas and some concepts and some things. But we won't be defunding our police. We won't be dismantling our police. We won't be disbanding our police. We won't be ending our police force in a city. I guess you might have some cities that want to try, but it's going to be very -- a very sad situation if they did because people aren't going to be protected.

These people do a tremendous job of protecting citizens of our country, and that's what -- that's what they're paid for. But whether they were paid or not, that's what they do.

And, you know, somebody put it very beautifully before, where they said: They protect people, risk their own lives for people they've never seen before -- people, in many cases, they don't know. You're protecting the lives of people you don't know. And it's a -- it's an incredible thing.

It's a great honor to be with you all. And we'll have a little discussion now. Thank you all very much for being here. Thank you. Thank you very much.