Okay. Thank you very much. We're here talking about Opportunity Zones and other things having to do with economic development and also the inner cities. And Tim Scott -- Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina has been with us on Opportunity Zones from day one. He first approached me and he mentioned it, and I loved the idea. And who knew it was going to be so successful, Tim. Right?

So it's --

Well, thank you for your support and for your knowledge.

And if I might, I'd like to have Tim start off by saying a few words, and then Scott Turner, executive director, has done an incredible job. And, Scott, we'd like to hear from you too, okay?

Tim, please.

Right.

Well, I think so. And you're seeing it maybe today for the first time, where not only are the markets up tremendously, but we've had tremendous -- tremendously good and positive information on therapeutics, on cures, and on vaccines --

-- from some of the most respected companies in the world, and researchers and doctors and labs. And that's coming in, and I think you're very close to having a very, very positive situation. And, you know, with it understood -- and we always talk about it, Tim -- when you lost one person to this, it's too many -- just too many. And we're talking about thousands and millions of people throughout the world, on something that should have never happened.

It should've been stopped in China. It should've been stopped at the source. But it happened.

But they're coming out with tremendous -- it's incredible what they can do. And I've seen results, and the results are staggeringly good. So, I'm very happy.

And the market is up very big, and I think you're going to have a "V." I think it's going to be terrific. I think we're going to have a transition in the third quarter, Ben, and the transition is going to lead to a very good fourth quarter. And I think we're going to have a year next year -- because of all the stimulus and everything else, and the pent-up demand -- like you haven't seen in a long time.

And the stock market is not very short of where it was with all that we went through. It's -- and that means a lot of smart people are looking and they're saying, "We're coming back. And we're coming back to that level." I think we're going to come back to greater than that level.

And we've learned a lot. One of the things we've learned is being reliant on ourselves. Don't be reliant on other countries that, frankly, maybe have different agendas. And frankly, there are plenty of them out there, so it's one of those things.

So this is a very big day. This feels much different than Friday. Friday is a different feeling than today. This is a very positive day.

Ben Carson, would you like to say a few words?

Right.

Good.

That's right.

Good. Thank you, Ben. Good job too. Thank you very much.

Scott Turner, would you say a little bit about Opportunity Zones and how that's all going?

Great.

Thank you, Scott.

Very good.

Very good.

That's good reading. Look at that. That's good reading.  Let me just see something. Sixty-seven pages like that.  I don't know. I'm not sure, Brooke, if I'm going to get to read all of it.

But I'm going to try.

I'm going to try.

Brooke, you have a few words?

Congratulations, by the way.

We'll bring it back.

We'll bring it back.

Larry Kudlow, please.

A lot of things -- a lot of things happening. Oil is --

-- back up to a point where the energy industry is going to be -- it may be in very good shape very soon.

So a lot of very important things are happening, and then the stock market sees it.

And that's why the stock market is up so big. So it's very good.

Thank you all very much. Thank you.