Well, thank you very much. Today, we are meeting with the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies -- the biggest in the world, most prestigious, the ones that get down to the bottom line very quickly -- to discuss how the federal government can accelerate the development of vaccines and therapeutic treatments for the coronavirus.

We want to welcome Dr. Deborah Birx. And Dr. Birx has been to the White House a lot over her career, and she's now going to be here working with Mike Pence and everybody full time, and we appreciate it. We appreciate it very much, Dr. Birx. And a real expert in her field. And if you'd like, you can ask her a couple of questions when we're finished.

We work to -- we're working very hard to expedite the longer process of developing a vaccine. We're also moving with maximum speed to develop therapies so that we can help people recover as quickly as possible. We have a lot of recovery going on. We want to see if we can advance that. It's likely that therapies will be available before a vaccine is actually ready, and we'll seek to bring all effective treatments to market as soon as possible.

Some very good work has been done on the vaccine, however, and they have some good progress. And you'll be able to ask a couple of questions of the folks here. We're also working with Congress to ensure that America has what it needs to respond to this challenge -- this great challenge. But everybody is responding very well.

Since the start of the outbreak, my administration has taken the most aggressive action in history to protect our citizens, including closing our borders very early -- a lot earlier than people wanted us to do. And that turned out to be a good decision. I ordered sweeping travel restrictions, increased travel advisory levels, established screening measures, and imposed historic quarantines.

We have quarantines all over the country -- a lot of them. The coronavirus shows the importance of bringing manufacturing back to America so that we are producing, at home, the medicines and equipment and everything else that we need to protect the public's health. And I've been talking about this for a long time.

That process has already started. It started long before we ever knew about this. We want to make certain things at home. We want to be doing our manufacturing at home. It's not only done in China; it's done in many other places, including Ireland, and a lot of places make our different drugs and things that we need so badly.

And it's not good to be dealing with one or two or three countries. And we do very little at home, and we're going to start doing it at home, and we've been talking about that for a long time. And a lot of the drug companies, because of what we've done in terms of incentives and taxes, they're heading back here anyway.

The coronavirus shows the importance of bringing all of that manufacturing back to America, and we will have that started. It's already started, frankly. It started about a year ago. The White House Coronavirus Task Force, led by Vice President Mike Pence, has been meeting daily and coordinating closely with the state and local governments.

Mike had a call today with 53 governors, and I heard it was a very good call, and everybody is very well coordinated. And the governors and the states -- all of them; I can't think of an exception -- they've been really working closely with us. It's been -- it's been a very good -- a very good relationship.

We will confront this challenge together, and we will continue to do exactly what we're doing. And we're going to be very successful. A lot of things are happening. A lot of very exciting things are happening, and they're happening very rapidly. So, with that, I'd like to introduce Mike. And you can say a little bit as to your calls and some of the things that are happening today.

And, Alex, maybe you can give a little update and then we'll go around the room and people can introduce themselves if that's okay.

And the supplemental is moving along very rapidly. Everyone wants to get that done. It's moving along quickly. Emma, please.

Thank you, Emma. Beautiful. Thank you very much. Please. Anthony, go ahead. I'd like you to say something anyway.

Thank you, Tony, very much. Bob?

Thank you, Bob. Please.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. John? Go ahead. Please.

When do you think you could have the vaccine? When do you think you'd be able to have it, start producing it?

Right. Okay. Thank you very much.

Lenny?

That means you'd be able to use the vaccine that early?

So that process would be faster than John's?

So this would be a combination of a vaccine and also it will -- to put it in a different way -- make you better, quicker.

That's true.

Thank you very much. Thanks, Len. Appreciate it. Please.

What is your timing then? What would you say?

So you're talking over the next few months, you think you could have a vaccine.

And how long would that take?

All right. So you're talking within a year --

Well, but, Lenny is talking about two months, right?

A couple of months, right? I mean, I like the sound of a couple of months better, I must be honest with you.

Ready to use when, would you say? Ready to use. Next season?

So quickly.

What do you say to that, Lenny?

That's a good idea.

Good. Okay. Thank you very much. Daniel? Great.

Good.

Let's talk about that.

Incredible, what they've done --

-- with HIV, incredible.

So we're saying 10 years, but now we're into 9 years, because it could have been started earlier, and somebody else didn't start it earlier. But we started it right away. And I'm now seeing -- I started off saying "10 years" and now I'm down to 9 years. Do you think by the end of nine years, HIV is where?

But can you imagine? It will eliminated in this country.

That's such a great thing.

If you remember back -- if you remember back 10 years ago, how horrible that was, and a little beyond the 10 years. And now --

To think about what you've -- what's happened. So, Daniel, let's talk about this.

It's the same virus as -- the same family as SARS and MERS. And we're hoping it has the effect now against COVID-19. So we know, in vitro, that is has a very high effect.

So you have a medicine that's already involved with the coronaviruses.

And now you have to see if it's specifically for this.

You can know that tomorrow. Can't you?

Any response yet?

Anything here? Anything here?

Would you go to Washington State where it seems to have problems?

I think it's a great idea.

Yeah.

Will you go to specifically the nursing home where they had an outbreak?

When will that take place? When do you think?

If Tony is involved, it'll be tomorrow morning. Right, Tony?

So, when will you know if it works? I mean, you already have this medicine. When will you know if it works?

That's good.

You've already built the facility to make --

This would be tremendous news if that works.

Because you're there. I mean, you're there. You have the plant, you have everything ready.

That's very exciting. Get it done, Daniel.

Don't disappoint us, Daniel.

Do you understand? Great company. Really great.

Doctor, perhaps you'd like to say a few words? Please.

Thank you. Great. You're going to do a fantastic job. Thank you, Doctor. Please.

Yeah.

So do you expect to be dealing with each other a little bit? You're competitors, but in this case, it's different. This is something we want to get done very quickly. Do you expect to be sharing your own capabilities with Pfizer and everybody else?

Good.

I agree. We would appreciate that.

Do you see that happening? Because I notice you have a few different variants of what we're talking about. Do you see that happening where maybe there are different either therapeutics or vaccines, or both, where you use combinations of each, maybe in different areas?

I think it's fantastic. I love --

Yeah. I love the complementary. If you can do that, I love the complementary.

Yeah, that's fantastic. Thank you very much. That's, really, very exciting. Please.

We can give you an area, too.

No, we can. I mean, you take -- you take a look at Seattle again.

We can give you an area.

If you don't mind.

No, thank you very much. You'll have our help. Thank you. Please, doctor.

That's fantastic.

So do you have different concepts and methods than, you know, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson? All great companies.

Are you having different -- some seem to be faster than others. And others -- they do seem to be different concepts.

And that's different from the others?

So can you have it ready for next season, any of you? I mean, would you say, for the next season?

That would be the goal?

It seems to be very seasonal, right?

You've got to make sure it works.

And it doesn't hurt. Right.

I agree. I agree. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great company. Thank you.

Would you like to say something?

Good. Thank you. Please.

On this? On corona?

So what do you think in terms of timing? What do you do think?

So those are unheard of speeds, I think. Right? Pretty much. We'll make it very easy for you. Those are -- and we have to be very safe. But those are unheard of speeds. Go ahead, please.

But you work with the other companies also?

Okay. Dr. Stephen Hahn is the new head of the FDA for those of you that don't know. He's one of the most respected people in the country. And this is man we wanted. And this is the man we got. You didn't know you were going to be hit with this your first month, right?

Been here for a couple of months and this was pretty big. Deborah, would you like to say something?

It is very exciting and the speed is very exciting too. Anybody else have anything to say? Anybody?

That's fantastic. They move rapidly. Media, would you like to ask any questions of any of the geniuses around the table?

Well, I guess the market is up today. Our country is very strong, economically, as you know. This was a -- something that came out of China that was a big surprise to the world. It happened just a few weeks ago and I'm sure the Fed is looking at it; I hope the Fed is looking at it. They should be. But a lot of these central banks are looking at it for stimulus.

And one thing I want to add, we keep talking about "for America," but really, we're looking at -- for a cure for the whole world because this is a world cure, not just for the United States. We want to take care of the United States. But whatever we do is going to inure to the benefit of the world. So we want to do that.

And fortunately, your -- some of your companies are so large you can handle that. But you work together, thereby making it even better. So we appreciate that. We would love to have you work together on this, get it done, and get it done safely and quickly. But I think -- I know we're in very strong shape.

Very strong shape, financially. And, you know, I have to tell you, I came into the room not expecting to hear quite what I've heard, but a lot of work has already been done. We've been encouraging them for the last few weeks. I mean, literally, from the first day when we shut it down, when we shut down the border, so to speak.

We shut it down -- China. Something we didn't like to do, but we made a good decision. But we also called some of the companies around the table and said, "Get going. Just in case, get going." And we're very proud of the work that some of them have done. Some of them were very advanced already on this particular coronavirus.

So we appreciate it. That's tremendous news. And I think the speed is a lot greater than a lot of people would have thought.

Well, I don't know. I think they're so rich. I know the companies very well. Some of them are so rich I think they can actually loan money to the federal government. They don't --  -- they don't need money. They need time. I think what they need more than anything else -- Daniel, you might tell me, but I think what you need is FDA and Tony have to help you get through the process as quickly as possible, the bureaucratic stuff.

And we don't have bureaucrats here. We have people that really know how to get it done, between Tony and Bob and Steven. They'll get you folks through very, very quickly.

Well, I think they should have had a meeting already. So, you know, I think they should have. And the central banks are going to be talking about various things tomorrow but we'll see what happens. But I think they should have had a meeting already. I don't know what takes them so long.

I'll see what happens. Let's see what happens tomorrow.

They're buying what?

Alex, what would you say?

Yes, we are.  certain countries where they have more of a breakout. We are. You know what those countries are; I don't have to say it. But we are doing that and we've already done it, as you know, with three countries, in addition to China. So we will be doing that, yes.

I don't think you'll need that because I really think we're in, you know, extremely good shape. We're prepared for anything and we could always do that at a later date if we need, it but I don't think we need that at this stage. You know, interestingly, we were discussing -- and a question I get asked a lot by people is, on average, you lose from 26,000 to 70,000 or so and even some cases more from the flu.

We lose -- we have deaths of that per year. Worldwide, it's hundreds of thousands of deaths from the common flu. And they ask, you know, what's the difference and how does this differ, and I guess there are things that are similar and things that are different. Every one of them is different. It might not be a bad question to ask.

Because I get that all the time. So, so far we have six here. You have, in other countries, very -- I mean, China, obviously, got hit the hardest. I noticed that South Korea is hit very hard. Italy is being hit very hard. But I -- I would like to maybe know -- because I -- I am oftentimes asked -- we average, I suspect -- Tony, I think you said from around 26-, 27,000, up to 60- or 70,000 deaths per year.

That's a lot of deaths. And here we're talking about a much smaller range. Now, hopefully, it stays at a much smaller range. And, again, we're prepared for anything. Could I ask you: Any of you, if you'd like to answer that question, where would the public, what would the public think when you have so many -- and that's taken routinely.

And I was shocked to hear this. You know, three, four weeks ago, I said, "Well, how many people die a year from the flu?" And, in this country, I think last year was 36- or 37,000 people. And I'm saying, "Wow, nobody knew that information." Worldwide, you just multiply it out times the world, right?

So what is the difference, Daniel?

We would have to up our research on the flu -- on the common flu. CHAIRMAN O'DAY: Well, yeah. Right. And we do have treatments for the flu, and we have vaccinations for the flu. And -- and we need to continue to improve upon those. Good. Doctor?

Including -- including, Tony, they have to maybe -- we have to step up our work on the flu because when you lose that many people, it's something.

Fantastic.

Because I notice every year they say a different vaccine. They have a little different, a little -- and then, you know, I hear numbers that are not great: 60 percent, 70 percent coverage -- success. And yet, I hear numbers that are better than that with respect to corona. You think you can really knock it out and that's because you know specifically what it is, I suspect.

So that's impressive. What do you think, Lenny?

Right.

But the same vaccine could not work. You take a solid flu vaccine -- you don't think that would have an impact or much of an impact on corona?

Probably not. That's separate.

It seems to me, just based on what you said and also what the other folks said from great companies --companies I know very well from just seeing, you know, what they do -- and I find it very interesting; I have for a long time -- it would seem to me that you already know pretty much where you're going and where you're headed and what the answer is going to be. It would seem that, Steve.

Doesn't it seem -- you seem to know what the answer is to this; you have to get it done. Or is that too optimistic a statement?

By the way, that would be a great thing if you could do that. Just aside from this meeting, if you could do that, that would be a great thing. Does anybody else have anything to say, please? Well, I want to just thank you all very much for being here and it sounds -- I'm very -- it's a very optimistic meeting.

I didn't realize you were that far advanced and you'll get together if you have to. You'll deal with Tony and Bob and you'll deal with Stephen and get it done. We need it. We want it fast. Okay?

I don't know what the time will be. I don't think they know what the time will be. I've heard very quick numbers -- a matter of months -- and I've heard pretty much a year would be an outside number. So I think that's not a bad -- that's not a bad range. But if you're talking about three to four months, in a couple of cases, and a year in other cases -- wouldn't you say, Doctor, would that be about right?

Well, you have the greatest companies in the world sitting around the table. I mean, Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer and all of the companies -- Gilead -- you have all of these great companies and that's what they're saying. So I think that --

Do you think that's right?

Well, I think treatment, in many ways, might be more exciting.

Well, you know, Tony, I think that's interesting because the concept of treatment, in a certain way, especially when you have people that are, you know, looking for treatment, they've already got -- they're beyond the vaccine stage, that would be very exciting.

Right.

So -- so then what would be your timing for treatment? Therapeutics, commonly known as -- but I call it -- what would be your number for treatment?

Fantastic.

So the treatment, I mean, just for the media -- so the treatment element of it goes faster than the vaccine element of it, which, in my opinion, in this case, would be better. Go ahead, please.

So it could be used as a treatment. Somebody is sick, they have the problem. Tony -- it could be used -- when do you think it could be used?

How good is that? Hear that, Jeff? That's good even by your standpoint, Jeff.

He just got back.

He just got back from the Congo. And that's dedication. He was -- that was not an easy trip, was it?

Well, I want to thank everybody in this room. Mike, go ahead.

That's fantastic.

And if anybody delays you, please call me.  And if they don't, just call Tony and Bob. All right? Call Alex.

Thirteen hundred?

They must have heard about this meeting.

Who's talking outside?

No, this a very optimistic meeting. Look, I know optimism and not optimism and pess- -- the worst pessimism. And I will tell you, the whole thing with therapeutics, to me, is very exciting. And, obviously, vaccine. But therapeutics is very exciting, especially when you're so far advanced. That's great.

That's really great. Thank you. Thank you very much. Say hello to everyone. Thank you everybody.