Well, thank you very much. It's my honor to welcome so many extraordinary nursing professionals as we celebrate National Nurses Day. That's a very important day, and I've been talking about it for the last two months, when I watched people running into those hospitals and putting on their outfits, their gowns, their protective gear. And they have nothing on their mind except helping people and making people better. It's an incredible -- incredible.

And you just said, "Thank you for calling us warriors," but you are warriors. That's what you are. Incredible warriors.

America's nurses are waging a heroic war against the invisible enemy. They're fighting on the frontlines of the battle, risking their health to save lives of fellow citizens and, honestly, to save lives -- like we say about the police -- to save lives of people they don't know. It's dangerous, and it's people they don't know. But they're saving lives, and they're doing them in record numbers.

History will ever -- will forever -- and I really mean that: forever -- remember how our nurses answered the call of duty in America's hour of need. And I think that, in terms of a brand, if you take a look at the nurses' brand, I don't think it's ever been higher than it is right now. It's very important.

We're joined by Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary Alex Azar, and Ambassador Deborah Birx. Also with us are president of the American Nurses Association, Ernest Grant, and the president of American Association of Nurse Practitioners, Sophia Thomas. Thank you all for being here. We really appreciate it. Thank you very much. Fantastic.

We've rallied the full power of the federal government to defeat the virus and support our healthcare professionals. I proudly signed legislation providing $175 billion for hospitals and other healthcare providers.

FEMA, HHS, and our private-sector partners have distributed over a billion pieces of personal protective equipment, and I know you're getting a lot of that equipment. Not quite a billion pieces, but you're getting a lot of great equipment. We've made such progress.

The men and women in this room today are true American heroes. Luke Adams is a nurse of 11 years. He lives in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, a good place. When he heard the call of volunteers in New York, Luke drove to the epicenter of the outbreak and slept in his car for nine days so he could help care for the sick. Luke is currently still in New York, working to protect his fellow citizens.

And, Luke, I'd like you to say a couple of words. Where is Luke?

There he is.  Luke, please.

And thank you, Luke. And you'll answer a couple of questions from the media because I think they'll have a couple of questions -- what you go through and how you go through it with the bravery. We appreciate it. Thank you very much. Beautifully done.

Also with us is Marty Blankenship. She was a nurse for 40 years and was three months into retirement when the virus struck. Marty knew she had to help; had no doubt in her mind. So she called her former colleagues and volunteered to work with coronavirus patients.

And, Marty, I'd love for you to say a couple of words, please.

Thank you.

Where do you work, Marty?

That's great.

That's great. And you'll go back to West Virginia, ultimately?

That's great.

Well, they're two great places. Thank you very much.

Fantastic job.

So the valiant sacrifices of America's nurses will stand for all time as testament to American strength and grace and courage. And in demonstrating and in demonstration of our everlasting appreciation, I'm pleased to sign this proclamation commemorating May 6th as National Nurses Day. May 6th. National Nurses Day. That's a big deal.

So I'm going to just sign this right now. And I'm going to give somebody the pen, but I'm going to give you all a pen, okay? Deborah knows that.

Okay. Here, Luke. Here, Marty. Take that, Marty.

Okay.

Mike? Where's Mike? Do you have anything to say, Mike?

We appreciate it. Great job you did, too, and the task force -- continuing task force.

Deborah, anything to say?

And your mother is a nurse at 91.

That's right.

Alex? Please.

Thank you. Thank you, Alex, very much.

Would you like to say something?

Good.

What percentage would that be, do you think? What seems to be the percentage?

A lot. A lot.

Yeah. It's a lot of death.

There's no question about it.

And, by the way, while we're at it, you can pass these pens around, okay? You can pass them around. Here you go. I got some for the other side. We don't want to forget them, Marty.

Anybody have anything to say?

Great.

And let us know as you have ideas, too.

I'll bet you do.

Let's talk to her.

She'll speak to the task force maybe.

Thank you.

Great.

Yeah.

Thank you very much. Beautiful.

Terrific. And that's a beautiful cross.

Very nice. Beautiful.

Go ahead.

Right. Sure.

Right.

Good.

That's fantastic.  Thank you very much. Beautiful.

Please.

Right.

Incredible.

Have you ever seen anything like that?

And yet, it's the right thing, right?

You have no choice.

Thank you. Yes. We're giving you a lot of help. And we appreciate what you're doing.

Please.

Will you let them know how I feel?

And how Mike feels. And this is the Oval Office. This is the big -- I'm sure you've all been here many times.  Right? It's a big deal, the Oval Office.

John, go ahead, please.

Well, it's had great success. And Mike Pence has done a fantastic job, whether it was on ventilators. When we started, we didn't have ventilators, and we got them built very quickly, and now we're giving them to other countries all over the world that are desperate for ventilators. There's been no person in this whole country, in our whole country, that hasn't had a ventilator if they needed it.

You probably saw that. Remember, at the beginning, it was really tough.

And we got it built so fast. It was really an incredible mobilization. Not since World War Two has anything happened with not only ventilators, but everything else. Testing is doing really well. And the task force has done a great job.

And I had a meeting yesterday. I had a meeting this morning, probably even more importantly. And so we'll be leaving the task force indefinitely. We'll see. You know, at a certain point, that'll end like things end. But we'll be adding some people to the task force. And they'll be more in the neighborhood, probably, of opening our country up -- because our country has to get open again and the people want it to be open, but we have to open it up safely.

So we'll be adding two or three additional members to the task force. There may be one or two that will be less involved that were more involved with the original formation of the ventilator and the ventilator systems. But if they want to stay, they can, because they really did a fantastic job.

So, at a certain point, we won't need the task force, but we're going to leave that. We're going to add a couple of people to it. And that will, again, be for the opening of our country. We're opening -- you know, if you think about it, we're opening our country again.

We had the most successful economy in history for any country, anywhere in the world. And then they came -- I was sitting right here -- and they said, "Sir, we're going to have to close it." I said, "Close what?" "Basically, we're going to have to close our country."

And just like you said, with the -- I said, "Is it important that they not be together?" It's not -- it's not a question, right? It's not a question. You can't have the family together. It's so sad.

So anyway, we have -- we did something that -- we did the right move. We saved millions of lives by doing what we did, but it's unbelievably tough for a country. And most countries throughout the world did something similar. But this affected 182, 184 countries, and it's a very sad thing. A very sad thing.

So we're keeping the task force for a period of time. I look forward to when we can close the task force, because then the job will be, essentially, hopefully, over, Mike. Right?

And you've done a fantastic job.

Yes.

Well, I think -- yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, I guess, if you think, we're always winding it down. But, you know, it's a question of what -- what the end point is. But I think it is a change, a little bit; I thought we could wind it down sooner. But I had no idea how popular the task force is until actually yesterday. When I started talking about winding it down, I'd get calls from very respected people saying, "I think it would be better to keep it going. It's done such a good job." It's a respected task force. It's -- I knew it myself; I didn't know whether or not it was appreciated by the public, but it is appreciated by the public.

When you look at the job we've done on everything -- on supplies, on everything -- the gowns, the gloves, the fa- -- the masks. You saw, yesterday, the masks. We were at a factory yesterday. A great company -- Honeywell. And in a period of four days, they took a big factory -- essentially, four days. A little longer. Two weeks, but it was really -- most of the work done in four days. They took a big plant that did other things, and they converted it into masks. You have to see it. It's actually complicated process.

But they have unbelievable equipment, and they're doing millions of masks out of this factory. And that took place so quickly. And that was all because of the task force. I mean, all of this happened because of the people working within the administration.

And something I didn't know, Mike: They take different layers of material and compress it, put it together. Because one layer is good for something; one layer is good for something else. One layer is good for very tiny particles. I mean, it's really -- you think of it as a mask. They make a very good mask. This is really something that's very special.

So the task force will be around until we feel it's not necessary. But I will say that I learned yesterday -- even after I spoke, John -- that the task force is -- something you knew -- it's very respected. People said we should keep it going. So let's keep it going. And so we'll be doing that. But we'll be adding some people to it, actually.

We have a whole list of people that want to be on. And we have a list of people that we want. And --

Nobody has -- I'll tell you this; I will say this -- nobody has ever turned me down to be on that task force. It's a very -- nobody has turned me down for anything, to be honest. When we have a committee -- like we had the various committees -- the sports committee, the commissioners -- everybody wants to be on everything we do. The business committees. It's never had anybody say, "Gee, I'd rather not be on that committee." You know, it's very important.

So we'll be announcing, I would say, by Monday. We'll be announcing two or three new members to the task force.

So I called these people warriors. And I'm actually calling now, as you know, John, the nation warriors. We have to be warriors. We can't keep our country closed down for years. And we have to do something. And hopefully that won't be the case, John, but it could very well be the case. You won't be locked in a house. And some people should stay, if you're over a certain age. I mean, you've seen that, right? Elderly people or especially elderly people with --

-- with a problem, where they have a problem. It attacks these people viciously. And I think they will be staying back and we're strongly recommending that they do that. We're saying over 60 -- and especially over 60 if you have diabetes or heart problems or whatever problem you might have.

So -- but we have to get our country open again. And you see it. Look, you cover it. People want to go back. You're going to have a problem if you don't do it. If you don't do it, you've got a very big problem.

Well, I think people won't stand for it, actually. I don't think our people will stand for it. Now, what I really believe you people will be able to do is, at a certain age, they'll stay back longer. Because, you know, this virus is going to disappear. It's a question of when. Will it come back in a small way? Will it come back in a fairly large way? But we know how to deal with it now much better. You know, nobody knew anything about it, initially.

Now we know we can put out fires. We can put out -- I call them "embers" if it's a small -- or if it's a fire or a hotspot, we could put it out. But we can't have our whole country out. We can't do it. We can't -- the country won't take it. It won't stand it. It's not sustainable. And I think you're going to have a tremendous transition, which is a third-quarter thing. I think you're going to have a good fourth quarter. I think next year is going to be an incredible year, economically.

And, with that being said, if somebody lost somebody -- a parent or a wife or a husband or, you know, any brothers, sisters -- if you lost someone, you could never make up for that by saying, "Well, you're going to have a great year next year, economically." And so you can never do that.

But I will say that, from an economic standpoint, I think next year is going to be a very big year. There's tremendous demand. You see it with the stock market, where the stock market is at 24,000, and we went through the worst attack we've ever had on our country.

This is really the worst attack we've ever had. This is worse than Pearl Harbor. This is worse than the World Trade Center. There's never been an attack like this. And it should have never happened. It could have been stopped at the source. It could have been stopped in China. It should have been stopped right at the source, and it wasn't.

Okay.

I've given the leeway to the governors. If I see something wrong, we'll stop it. But I have given leeway to the governors to make that decision.

You have some governors -- most of whom I have great respect for -- they're working very hard. They're watching very closely. But we've given leeway to the governors to make those decisions.

Well, there's nothing --

There's -- no, I don't think they can -- they're not blaming me. You know, it's very interesting. It's one thing: Nobody is blaming me for that. I built the greatest economy -- with a lot of great people -- that we've ever had, and I'm going to rebuild it again. We're going to have a great economy very soon. Much sooner than people think. Much sooner.

Now, we cut taxes and we do things that you have to do. If somebody comes along and raises taxes and does all of the nonsense that they're talking about, you'll have a crash like you've never seen before.

But this was artificially induced. This was an artificially induced unemployment. This was where we said, "We're taking the greatest economy in the history of the world... " Because that's what it was. Most people in our country, almost 160 million people -- we were never close -- and we had to turn it off. One day, it turned off. Nothing like that has ever happened before. But by doing that, we have saved millions of lives.

But now we're going to make our comeback. And the comeback is going to be a very strong one. And I'll be meeting you in a little while because, as you know, we have a very good governor --

So what we want to do is we want to --

We're staying -- we're not doing another thing. In other words, we're staying with the group -- with Texas and the group. But just so you understand, Obamacare is a disaster, but we've run it very well. And we've made it barely acceptable. It was a disaster under President Obama, and it's very bad healthcare. What we want to do is terminate it and give great healthcare. And we'll have great healthcare, including preexisting conditions -- 100 percent preexisting conditions.

Now, we've already pretty much killed it because we got rid of the individual mandate. Now, in getting rid of the individual mandate, which was, by far, the most unpopular thing in Obamacare -- that's where, for the privilege of paying a fee, you don't have to -- you don't have buy health insurance at a ridiculous price for not good health insurance. It was a terrible thing. You mandated to pay something in order not to pay, and we got rid of that. That's gone. And nobody thinks it's ever going to come back.

But what we are doing is we want to terminate healthcare for -- under Obamacare, because it's bad, and we're replacing it with a great healthcare at far less money, and it includes preexisting conditions. There will never be a time when we don't have preexisting conditions included.

So what I'm saying then, John, is we're going to replace Obamacare with great healthcare at a lesser price, and preexisting conditions will be included and you won't have the individual mandate -- which was expensive and terrible and very unfair to everybody, and it was very unpopular.

No, I don't know about that suggestion. I think I've spoken a lot about this to Bill Barr. And we're totally in lockstep with all of the many states that want to see much better healthcare. See, I don't view it as a termination. I view this as getting great healthcare.

Because Obamacare -- we run it really well. I had a decision to make. I said this yesterday: We took over Obamacare. We got rid of the individual mandate, which basically was the end of Obamacare. In a formal sense, it was really the end of Obamacare. And few people are challenging the fact that we can do that. So we got rid of the individual mandate.

I had a decision to make: Do I want to have Obamacare run as well as it can run? Or do I want to have it run really badly so everybody can say Obamacare is terrible? Politically, I could do the other. I should do -- let it run badly. But I can't do that because I'm President for the people. And we ran that much better than President Obama ran it, much better than the last administration ran it. Seema and Alex and everybody. And spent a lot of money in running it properly.

It's still not good. It's still not good. But I had a decision: Do I want to run it great? Or do I want to run it really badly? Politically, I should've run it really badly, but I'm glad I made the decision to run it great. But running it great, it's still lousy healthcare. And we are going to do something that's going to be great healthcare, always including, always having -- again, the individual mandate gone, and preexisting conditions will be taken care of. So I'm glad you asked me that question.

Well, I actually did have one. No. I put a mask --

Yeah. I put -- I had a mask on for a period of time.

Well, I can't help it if you didn't see me. I mean, I had a mask on, but I didn't need it. And I asked specifically the head of Honeywell: "Should I wear a mask?" And he said, "Well, you don't need one in this territory." And as you know, we were far away from people, from the people making the masks. They were making the masks.

But I did put a mask on, and it was a Honeywell mask actually. And I also had a 3M mask, and I had about four other masks. But I did have it on. I don't know if you saw it or not, but I had it on.

Not too long, but I had it on. I had it on back -- backstage. But they said you didn't need it, so. If I didn't need it -- and, by the way, if you noticed, nobody else had it on that was in the group.

And they were people --

The workers had them on. Yeah. The workers were there, yeah, because they're working next to each other. Okay?

Well, I can't help that. I mean, look, I'm trying to be nice. I'm signing a bill and you criticize us.

Look, here's the story: There is nothing I can do to satisfy the media, the Democrats, or the fake news, and I understand that. We did the greatest job, mobilization, in history with the ventilators, and I don't think there was a story what a great job we did.

Now we're helping Germany and we're helping many other countries -- France, Spain, and Italy, by the way -- and Nigeria, sending 250 to Nigeria, ventilators. And two months ago, we didn't have any ventilators for ourselves. We were -- the cupboards were bare. Right, Deborah? They were bare. People have no idea. There's not a thing I can do to satisfy the fake news, and there's not a thing I can do to satisfy Democrats.

I watched this phony Chuck Schumer -- everyone in New York knows he's a total phony. He brought nothing back to New York except SALT. You know what SALT is? Bad tax policy. He brought SALT back. He didn't even fight it. I watched him the other night on a show and all he could talk about was testing, testing, testing. And yet, I showed a chart yesterday where our testing is far superior to anybody else's testing.

And then the other thing that is very interesting: Because we did so much more testing, we have more cases. If I did little testing, we'd have practically no cases. So the headline was, "We have more cases than anyone else." Well, China has more cases than us, and other big countries. You know, you're talking about big countries, but they don't want to choose -- they don't want to use that. The fact is we've done better testing, more testing. In fact, we've done, as of two days ago, more testing than the entire world together.

If you would add every country -- every country together, we've done substantially more testing than the entire world together. And all I'll get is, "Oh, we have more cases." You understand that. We have more cases because we do more testing. If I don't do testing, we don't have any cases.

So, as I do more testing, they say, "But you have more cases." They're very smart, but they're very devious people. And in many cases, very bad people. And in some cases, very good ones. There's a couple of good ones here.

And one of the things we did is we sent in the military doctors and nurses. And I think most of you have seen them and some of you have worked with them. But they did a fantastic job.

John, we had lot of the military. Like, we took the Comfort -- because they didn't need the ship -- and we took the Comfort and we took the doctors and nurses, and we sent them all over New York and New Jersey. And we took doctors and nurses out of the convention center -- the Javits Convention Center. And many of them went throughout New York.

So we did a job. And we weren't even supposed to have doctors in the convention center, but we ended up putting them there. So we had a lot of -- because it's true. Wouldn't you say? It was right. Man- and woman-power was one of the toughest things.

Everybody has been tested.

I hope the test works right.

Sporadic for you, but not sporadic for a lot of other people.

Because I've heard the opposite.

I've heard that they are loaded up with -- with gowns now. And, you know, initially we had nothing. We had empty cupboards. We had empty shelves. We had nothing. Because it wasn't put there by the last administration.

And I've heard that we have -- I just saw it yesterday, where they're making millions of masks a month in a factory from -- you know, in that case, it was Arizona. It's great. We have other factories being built now for masks. And, for the most part, I have -- I mean, that was fine, but I've heard we have tremendous supply to almost all places. Tremendous supply. To a point where we're going to start having some of our supply go to other countries which need it very badly.

How did you find that? Do you find a good supply?

Good. Thank you.

Good. You'll end up being a star.

And so you don't see that when you hear the stories?

You know why? Because they're fake news. That's why.

It's true. I really appreciate you saying that. It's so nice that you stepped up, because they're fake news.

No, when I -- when I took over, it's different. Now, I will say this: There was a period of time, but between "Russia, Russia, Russia," and all the stuff that these characters put us through, it's not so easy. And despite that, I've done more than any other President in history in the first three years as President.

And you can look at that from any way you want to look at it: from rebuilding the military, to cutting taxes, to getting rid of regulations at a level that nobody has ever come close to, to saving your Second Amendment, which is under siege, by the way.

So, you know, we've done -- but I really appreciate your statement. That was really beautiful. And --

Sure.

That's right.

We didn't have enough.

And you're right, but that was at the --

You're right, Jeff. And the reason that we did such a good job is because we were able -- now we have factories all over doing masks and building our own masks and doing them. Because a lot of countries -- I don't want to be specific -- but they sent us masks which were total garbage and they were defective. And they sent us other equipment, which was defective.

And so now we're building our own masks. We're doing our own masks. We're making them by the millions. And Honeywell in Arizona yesterday was a case in point. And that was some scene. I've never seen anything like it.

I didn't realize, as they put different layers and then they put it together. And each layer has a different function. I mean, you know, it's not just, like, taking a thing and wrapping it, as we said perhaps you can do in certain conditions, but certainly not inside of a hospital.

But, no, we -- we ended up -- we had an empty cupboard, and now we have full cupboards. And we have ventilators and we have tremendous testing. And we're doing the antibodies very shortly, as you probably know. That's going to also --

I mean, you know, there are a lot of people that don't believe in such big testing, Deborah. I mean, you know, you have some people that want to test everything -- 15 different ways. Mostly, that's the media because they know, you know, certain things can't be done. But we have tremendous testing right now.

When you see that chart -- I don't have it with me now; I guess they have it someplace in the room. But when you see the chart that I put up yesterday as I was interviewed by one of your friends on ABC, that chart says it better than anything I can say. You saw the line going. We're like a rocket ship. Everyone else is down here in testing. And then all they do is complain about the testing.

So, look, you get used to that. But I really appreciate the fact that -- what you said. And we do have, we have great -- and not only do we have great equipment, but we have the -- the quality of what we have is far better than anything that we're getting, because we see what comes in. The quality of the gowns, the quality of the masks.

We have -- as of today, we got one billion gloves. Gloves. One billion. Whoever heard of such a thing? At the beginning, we had none. You know, when this all started, we had none. It's one of the greatest mobilizations. It's a war. And it's one of the greatest mobilizations. So it's been -- it's been very successful.

Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, I can -- I'll just address one part of that. The schools should open. The one thing you should be careful of is when instructors are over 60, especially if they have a problem. That, you should be careful. But the schools should definitely open, in my opinion.

Could you answer the other part, Deborah?

I would like to see schools open wherever possible, which I think is in much of the country, most of the country.

No, I -- I would say that until everything is perfect, I think that the teachers that are a certain age -- perhaps, you say, over 60 -- especially if they have a problem with heart or diabetes or any one of the number of things, I think that they should not be teaching school for a while. And everybody would understand that fully. That we understand.

But other than that, you see how well children seem to do. It's incredible. We realize how strong children are, right? It's -- their immune system is maybe a little bit different. Maybe it's just a little bit stronger, or maybe it's a lot stronger. Right? It could be a lot stronger. We've learned a lot by watching this monster.

Thank you very much. Thank you.