Okay, thank you very much. We wanted to watch Kayleigh finish up her news conference, which I think she did. I assume she did a great job. She's always doing a good job.

We appreciate you being here. We're with our great Hispanic leaders from all over the country. And we've done really well with Hispanics. We like them, they like me, and we've helped them a lot with the jobs. Whether it's jobs, education, or so many other things, it's been really good.

And I think what I might do is I might ask our lieutenant governor from Florida to start just for a short period, and just say what we're looking for and how we've done and how we can improve would be great.

So, Jeanette, please go ahead.

Right.

Thank you, Jeanette, very much. Thank you. Thank you.

Please.

That's very nice. Thank you very much. We're very proud of the Hispanic community.

Steve, please.

He is.

Thank you very much, Steve. Great job you're doing, too.

Dan, yes.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Thank you, Daniel. We're setting records on jobs. You see that.

And for the Hispanic community, 2.1 million people back to work already.

So we're very proud of that. Thank you very much, Dan.

John, please.

That's pretty good.

Great.

That's great, John. And you know, the wall is going up, and it's a big factor in New Mexico. We're giving you tremendous safety, security -- like never before. But the wall is going up.

And it's going up -- a big chunk of it is going up in New Mexico, so you know that. And I know they're very happy about that.

Right.

Absolutely.

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it.

Well, we've had a deal on DACA, and the Democrats broke it. But we had a deal, it was a done deal, and then they broke it. And now, as you know, we start the process all over again. But we're going to take care of DACA. They're not going to have anything to worry about. But we did have a deal on DACA, and the Democrats decided not to make the deal, so it was --

It was. It was a great deal.

We'll take care of it.

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it.

Great guy.

Great.

That's great. Well, we had a great gentleman here yesterday -- you know that, right? The President of Mexico. And he -- we had a tremendous dialogue going. We're working very well with Mexico, as you know. A lot of people didn't think that was going to happen, and it happened beyond anybody's expectations. So it was really good. It was a great day.

Brooke, would you like to say something?

Thank you very much. Thank you, Brooke, very much.

MR. VERÁSTEGUI: Hello, Mr. President. My name is Eduardo Verástegui. I am an actor and a filmmaker. I am from Mexico, but I work in both Mexico and United States.

Good.

MR. VERÁSTEGUI: So I produce films, and our mission is to make films that hopefully not only will entertain, but hopefully will make a difference in people's lives, because we know how media influence -- influences how people think.

Thank you for your leadership in defending the unborn. As you know, Mexicans -- the majority of Mexicans support the right to life. And thank you for defending life in America and in Latin America. Without a doubt, you are the best, the greatest pro-life President in the history of the United States. Thank you for that.

Thank you for your leadership in the USMCA. I am from Mexico, so I was very proud to --

Very good.

MR. VERÁSTEGUI: -- what happened last night.

That's very good.

MR. VERÁSTEGUI: And I'm very -- it's a win-win for Mexico and United States. But I'm convinced that very soon -- very soon Mexico will be the number-one partner -- trading -- of the United States.

God bless you. And let's make Mexico, America -- America and Mexico great together.

That's great. That's happening. Good to hear.

MR. VERÁSTEGUI: God bless you. Thank you.

Great job. Thank you very much.

MR. VERÁSTEGUI: Thank you, Mr. President.

Robert.

Good job.

Okay.

Great job. Really great job.

So we'll be speaking outside in a little while in the Rose Garden. And I look forward to seeing you out there, media. And thank you all very much. And you folks are invited.

Well, the rulings were basically starting all over again, sending everything back down to the lower courts, and you start all over again.

So, from a certain point, I'm satisfied. From another point, I'm not satisfied because, frankly, this is a political witch hunt, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. It's a pure witch hunt. It's a hoax, just like the Mueller investigation was a hoax that I won. And this is another hoax. This is purely political.

I win at the federal level -- and we won very decisively. And so they send it into New York. And you know what's going on in New York: Everyone is leaving. It's turned out to be a hellhole. And they better do something about it because people are leaving New York.

But this is a political witch hunt. It just continues. It's been from before I got here, when Obama and Biden and everybody else was spying on my campaign illegally. They were illegally spying on my campaign. And that's a very grave crime. It's the biggest political crime in the history of our country.

And I want to thank the Hispanic Americans for being with me. You're great people. Thank you very much.