Well, thank you very much. We very much appreciate this time, and I'm with some very good friends. We've been friends for a long time. And we're working together very closely.

I'm honored to be with you today to discuss the unprecedented actions my administration has taken to support our treasured Native American communities. Together, we're fighting for everybody, but we're fighting this horrible coronavirus. It's a tough opponent, but we're winning and we're starting to see our country come back. It's been a very exciting few days. We're starting to see it all come back.

We're improving the lives of Native American families and tribes more than any administration has done by far.

We're grateful to be joined by Governor Doug Ducey. And thank you very much, Doug, for being with us.

Secretary Eugene Scalia. Thank you, Eugene.

Senator Martha McSally, who's doing very well. I hear things are very good. You're doing great. Thank you, Martha.

Vice President of Naho- -- Navajo Nation, Myron Liz- -- Lizer. And -- and, by the way, we appreciate it very much. And you know there is two ways of saying that name. They told me outside, but I always think of it as "Lezer." So how do you like it? How do you like it?

That's what I thought. Okay. Thanks, Myron, very much. And Second Lady, thank you very much for being here. We really, really appreciate it.

The Navajo Nation has been very special to a lot of people. And it's certainly been very special to the state. And the relationship, Doug, I think is extraordinary, isn't it --

-- when you get right down to it. So thank you very much and we very much appreciate it.

Native Americans have been hit hard by the terrible pandemic. Over 2,000 members of the Navajo Nation have tested positive for the coronavirus. And tragically, more than 70 have lost their lives.

How is it looking right now? How is it doing?

That's a lot. Mitigation-wise, you're doing what?

But what we're doing, you know, we're bringing these two -- these are very hard to come by, because they're very popular. This is done by Abbott Laboratories. And we're bringing them for you. And these are the quick tests, and they're very accurate and very fast.

So we're doing that. I think we have a thousand cartridges, too. A thousand for a thousand tests. So hopefully that'll be -- that'll be helpful to you. Okay?

We appreciate it because you've done a fantastic job. You've been great friends.

Native Americans have been hit hard by this terrible pandemic. Over 2,000 members of the Navajo Nation have really -- I mean, it's been incredible what's taken place, and there's nothing we can say. But the coronavirus is tragically -- as you just said, 70 people lost their lives.

The administration is deploying the full resources of the federal government to support and protect our Native American communities in this very grave time of need. And I know that -- I think I can speak very strongly for Martha and for the governor: We're full hands on deck. And you're working very hard. I know that, Doug. Very, very hard. And even Department of Labor, it's -- it's been -- it's been working very hard with everybody that's in this room and everybody that's -- that needs to be. Right?

Anything you'd have to say, by the way, Gene, while you're here? Please.

And I'd like to introduce also, the governor, Stephen Lewis, who's been terrific and working with us very hard. Thank you very much, Stephen. That's fantastic. We appreciate it very much.

How is it going?

That's Gila. Gila River.

Right.

That's beautiful territory, isn't it?

But it's -- how are you -- how are you doing, in terms of the amount? What are your numbers now? As of today, what are your numbers?

Right.

That's right.

That's great.

That's fantastic. Good. And you'll have the ventilators very soon I know, right?

Knowing Doug. They're good ventilators too, aren't they?

Right? They're really good.

Weeks ago, I signed the CARES Act, which includes $8 billion to help tribal governments. And I want to thank Senator McSally for fighting hard to get those funds and get them here and get them to a lot of different people all over the country, including to the folks in this room. So I want to thank you, Martha. You've done a fantastic job.

You really have.

This is the single largest investment in Indian country in our history. So the amount of money that's being sent to "Indian country," as we call it, is the largest amount in the history of the U.S. And you deserve it. And you've been through a lot. The Navajo Nation will soon receive over $600 million. That's a lot. Should I renegotiate that? Can we renegotiate that?  I don't think so.

He said, "Only if you go up." I understand. I've heard that before.

The Gila River will receive, and -- and I think you probably know all about this, but we're giving you some information: $40 million. And you're going to use that very well. I know that because I know you. You're going to be given $40 million in initial funds to help protect their citizens from the scourge, from the plague, from what we're all fighting in this country. Should have never happened. Should have been contained from where it came.

Since I took office, my administration has also worked to repatriate precious Native American artifacts, to protect children in the care of the Indian Health and Indian Health Service, and to make eagle remains more easily accessible for cultural and religious purposes, and to highlight the contributions of Native American veterans throughout the history of our nation.

So you know all those elements. And the eagle remains is a very important thing to you, right?

Very important. Yeah. That's great. That's great.

Last year, I signed the first presidential proclamation recognizing the tragedy of missing and murdered American Indians and Alaska Natives. We also launched Operation Lady Justice and provided $273 million to improve public safety in Native American tribal communities.

At the end of this event, I will once again sign a proclamation recognizing Missing and Murdered American Indians and Alaska Native Awareness Day. It's been a tremendous problem: missing and murdered American Indians. It's been a tre- -- could you discuss that for a second, please?

Good. I'd like to have the Second Lady -- go ahead, please.

Right.

Yeah, that's right.

So this has been far disproportionate to other people in other areas of the country, what you -- what you've gone through. I mean, I've been hearing about this for a long time.

For years and years. This has been for many years, for many decades, right?

Disproportionate.

Well, $273 million -- a lot of that's going to go toward trying to solve that problem. It's a problem that can be solved.

But I know you're going to use it well.

And you'll figure it out, right?

It's a horrible -- it's a horrible thing. So New Mexico versus Arizona. What -- tell me, because we're here. Where -- where are you going to be -- where -- where's the problem worse: New Mexico or Arizona?

Is there a certain area, though -- you have the four states -- is there a certain area where the problem is exacerbated or worse? Or is it evenly spread?

It's Indian country.

Yeah.

It's a very big problem in Alaska.

It is a vast -- yeah, it's a vast land.

Well, I'm going to be signing something in a couple of moments, and I hope it helps a lot. Not just a little bit, a lot.

And I think you'll do a fantastic job. I know you're going to be watching it personally.

And between the three of you and everyone else that I know so well, I think you're going to do a great job. And so, go get them.

Go do the job. I'd like to maybe finish off with the governor. A great governor. You're doing a phenomenal job. What do you have to say, Doug?

Well, thank you very much. And, you know, one of the other accomplishments we have is -- in Arizona and a lot of other states -- we're building a wall. And you're finally getting what you need.

And interestingly, California is calling because, in a -- bordering towns, as you know, in Mexico, they have a very big outbreak of the coronavirus. And California is calling saying, "You got to help us." Those are not calls that the media knows about, but that's the facts.

And in Tijuana, right along the border, they have a tremendous outbreak. And we have just completed 172 miles of wall. And it's real wall, not the kind you were having built over the years that were sort of scoffed at, right?

And we've done a lot in Arizona, and the people are letting us know. They're so happy. They're so thrilled about it. It's made a tremendous difference.

And we've had one of the best months ever, in the history of our country, for not having people come in that we don't want -- that we don't want in our country. We want to have the people that come in the right way.

So you see the numbers. The numbers are about the best we've ever had in the history of the country. So -- so it's good, but we're getting that done. I guess you see -- do you see where they're doing it?

Yeah, it's been a big -- it's a big thing. A hundred and -- we're up to 172 miles. We'll have it completed early next year. So it's been -- it's been something.

Okay, I'm going to sign this. I want to just congratulate you, Myron.

I want to congratulate you, Second Lady. That's so fantastic.

And I want to congratulate you for -- also, because I've -- I've been in that vicinity. And it's one of the most beautiful places you can imagine. So congratulations very much.

Thank you, Stephen.

Okay.

Wait one second, please.

One second, Jim.

Okay? I want to make sure they -- everybody looks good, except me.  I'm going to hand this to -- I'm going to hand this to the Second Lady. Okay? If you don't mind.

Yeah, go ahead. Please.

Yeah, Stephen, go ahead.

That's right.

That's great.

Thank you very much, Stephen. I appreciate it. And I have to say, Myron Lizer and I have dealt, and we've -- our people have dealt together very closely, and the Second Lady. And a lot of progress has been made, and we'll continue to make a lot of progress. I think you'll see that. And I think you're going to see it not only here, but in the future.

Thank you very much, and I appreciate it very much. Thank you. Thank you, Governor. Thank you.

And I don't have to thank you. You're with the administration.  He has good genes, though. You know, he's got good genes, right? The Scalia genes.  You don't get better than that, do you?

Go ahead, Jim.

Well, I think we're looking at phase two, and we're looking at other phases. The country is starting to open up. The task force has done a phenomenal job.

We have a chart that I just showed somebody. We just got it this morning, as I was getting off the plane. The -- and Governor Ducey can explain it better than anybody. When we came in, ventilators were a very, very big deal and very hard to produce. It's -- I say, but it is largely true -- the complexity is sort of like building a car. We opened up operations all over the country to build them.

And we -- there was -- hasn't been one person that needed a ventilator that didn't get it, which is amazing. And now we're helping other countries, and we're stockpiling in case some tragedy like this happens again.

But this just came out on testing. Because I think we are at the point or maybe we'll soon be at the point where I can say the exact same thing on testing. These numbers were just released. And this is the United States: the amount of testing and our level of testing and the quality of testing. This is just from Abbott Laboratories.

This is -- you know what this one is, Jim, it's a five-minute test. It's a great test. So it's something people like because you don't have to go through a laboratory. You don't have to send it in and send it back, and it takes a couple of days if they do a good job. So this is the testing.

So this is the testing, and the line here is the United States; we're over 7 million tests. Germany is at two and a half. Italy is less than that. Japan is down here. And South Korea, which we talk about -- and again, I'm very friendly with South Korea and with the President of South Korea, and he calls to congratulate us on our great testing -- South Korea is over here.

One of the reasons we have more cases than any other country by far is because we test much more. So if you test, you're going to have more cases. If we tested down here, we wouldn't have very many cases. You know, they like to say we have more cases than anybody. But the fact is, when you look at these numbers -- and this is the official count. Now, I can't tell you whether or not other countries are giving us the straight deal, but I can say that I know one thing: It's only going to be on the high side. It's not going to be on the low side.

So this is the other countries. These are the United States. And it's incredible. Remember this, and I think it's important to say this, Jim: The quality of our test is also the best. I mean, it's acknowledged to be the best.

So again, when we have cases -- we have more cases than anybody else -- does anybody really believe that we have more cases than China? But they don't talk about numbers like this. And other countries. But we report everything.

And I just -- I just want to say that we've done an incredible job on testing. With that being said, we have some additional, including antibody tests, coming out that will even blow these numbers away. But nobody has done the job we've done.

Go ahead.

Well -- well, yeah. We will have certain people -- as an example, we have hospitals that we built. We have medical centers that we built. We have people on the task force that focus on that. We have people in the task force that's focused exclusively on ventilators. Well, we have more ventilators now than anybody in the world, and we're helping France, as you know. We're helping France, Italy, Spain, Nigeria. We just -- we're giving, I think, 250 to Nigeria. We have many countries that we're helping. But the ventilator problem is solved, so you don't need that.

We have now a different -- it's sort of a combination of safety and reopening. So we'll have something in a different form. But the task force, for what we've done -- I think everybody out there, when they're being very honest, I think the job we've done on testing will shortly be -- and maybe even supersede, Doug -- the job that we've done on ventilators, which people can't even believe.

We had a call the other day with the governors. Mike Pence took the call. And they had, I believe, all 50 governors. And it was, they say, the best call we've had thus far. We're working closely with the governors. They have everything they need. And if they don't have it, and if they don't need it, or if they can't get it locally, then they know that we are stocked and we are ready.

And we can have -- as an example, we won't need this, but we were ready for weeks to have -- we had 10,000 ventilators sitting in various locations with people by the ventilators ready to have those ventilators roll, if they needed them in, as an example, Detroit or various other places all over the country.

So I think that, as far as the task force, Mike Pence and the task force have done a great job. But we're now looking at a little bit of a different form, and that form is safety and opening. And we'll -- we'll have a different group probably set up for that.

No, no. Not at all. The mission accomplished is when it's over. When it's over, Jim, mission accomplished. No, I wouldn't say that at all.

What?

What does that mean? Go ahead. Repeat your question. Say it?

Oh, yeah. We have great advice. We have great people. We have great people. Yeah, we have great doctors. We have great medical people, laboratory people.

I have to say, I think tremendous progress is being made on vaccines, which everybody should be very happy to hear. And therapeutically, I think we're making very good progress too. We're making tremendous progress.

We have the greatest doctors in the world, the greatest laboratories in the world. And I have to say, we're working with other nations. We're working with UK. We're working with Germany. We're working with various other nations who are very advanced and doing a good job.

I think therapeutically and also from the standpoint of laboratories, we are -- laboratories, as it pertains to vaccines -- we're doing very well. I'd love to see a therapeutic answer, even before the vaccine, because we could take care of, you know, people that have a current -- a current problem or dilemma.

But therapeutically and for the vaccines, a tremendous amount of progress. Oxford, Johnson & Johnson -- incredible places -- are doing, I think, a really good job. And they're very advanced, but we have to now see. We're going up to that very delicate final stage with a number. I think a number of other countries that are also doing quite well, my people say.

And just so you know, working very closely with other countries. And whoever gets it first, my hat is off to them. We're not looking for first, second, or third. We're looking to get a vaccine that works. And progress has been made.

Well, because we can't keep our country closed for the next five years, you know. You could say there might be a recurrence, and there might be. And, you know, most doctors or some doctors say that it will happen and it'll be a flame and we're going to put the flame out.

We've learned a lot. You know, we've learned a lot about the coronavirus. We've learned a lot about this hidden enemy. It's a dangerous enemy; it's a bad enemy. You see what it does, especially for people over a certain age and people that have an infirmity. If you have diabetes, if you have a bad heart, if you have a certain problem, it just -- Myron, it just goes after you. It's vicious.

And we're saying that people that are over 60, 65 -- but over 60, we're even saying -- sort of stay back for a while. We recommend you staying back for a while. At the same time, with young children and children, we'd like to see the schools open early next season and on time. It's incredible how the -- it's very unique how the children aren't affected, but people that have problems and older people are -- can be very badly hurt, injured, or die from this problem.

Oh, they are looking at it very closely. They are looking at it very closely. And I tell -- I just said it today. I used the word for the first time, I think, in terms of what we're doing. I'm viewing our great citizens of this country, to a certain extent and to a large extent, as warriors. They're warriors. We can't keep our country closed. We have to open our country.

Somebody said, "Oh, we could keep it for the next 18 months. We could keep it for the next two years." Doug Ducey has done an incredible job as the governor of Arizona. The people aren't going to accept it. They won't accept it, and they shouldn't accept it. We have a great country. We can't keep it closed. I mean, I've had doctors say, "Well, why don't we close it for a couple of years?" This is the United States of America.

I created, with a lot of other very talented people and the people of our country, the greatest economy in the history of the world, the greatest that we've ever had. The greatest employment numbers. The best numbers we've ever had. The best stock markets. I think we had 144 days of record stock markets.

And then, one day, they said we have to close our country. Well, now it's time to open it up. And you know what? The people of our country are warriors, and I'm looking at it. I'm not saying anything is perfect. And, yes, will some people be affected? Yes. Will some people be affected badly? Yes. But we have to get our country open, and we have to get it open soon.

Maybe I could ask, Doug, if you'd like to address that point.

Oh, sure. Yeah. They will be, and so will other doctors and so will other experts in the field.

But we've learned a lot. As Doug said, we've learned a lot. It's -- you're going to probably have fires here, Doug; you'll put them out. You're going to put them out, and you'll put them out fast.

So, yeah, we -- we're bringing our country back. And I think what is going to happen -- just said it a little while ago -- you're going to have a third quarter where you're going to have transition. You'll have a big, beautiful -- hopefully a very good transition, a very successful transition back into the real world. And then you're going to have a fourth quarter that I think is going to do very well. And then I think next year, I think we're going to have one of the best years we've ever had, because we have stimulus and we have a pent-up demand like I have never seen before.

You know, today is a very interesting day because it's my first day out. And Doug reminded me of something. I didn't do it for that reason, but you said, "This the first place you stopped when you ran," when I ran for something that turned out to be a very successful run. And we had tremendous crowds -- remember? -- at the convention center in Phoenix. And it was pretty incredible. And I didn't do it for that reason, interestingly, but here we are. And it was great that you reminded us of that fact.

But, look, we're going to have a very interesting transition period into the fourth quarter. I think your fourth quarter is going to be very good, and I think next year is going to be one of the best years, economically, we've ever had.

With that said, for those people that have lost somebody, for the people that have lost a loved one, even a close friend, you know, nothing can ever happen that's going to replace that. You know, I don't care what kind of a year you have from an economic standpoint, nobody is ever going to replace that.

But I think, from an economic standpoint -- purely an economic standpoint -- I think next year is potentially going to be one of the best years we've had. There's tremendous stimulus out there. And people want to get out. They want to go and they want to go to town. This country was founded on certain principles, and those principles are at work like you've never seen before.

So I want to thank you all very much. Thank you. And we'll see you perhaps at the next stop. Thank you.

Yeah. What about it, Jim?

Will I take it?

If they would like me to, I'd go the first one or I'd go the last one. I don't want to waste it.

But he's just saying, "If there's a vaccine, would you take it?" And she might like it that it didn't work too well, okay? But that's okay.

I would absolutely, Jim. If there's a vaccine and if they wanted me to be first on line, I'd be first on line, or I'd be last on line, or I wouldn't take it at all -- whatever is best for the country.

Okay? Thank you.