Well, thank you very much. And it's an honor to have Governor Kim Reynolds, who is a -- a spectacular governor -- somebody that's done very well in every respect. But we're really here talking today about testing and about COVID-19. And we -- we have a lot of good understanding. We've worked very closely together. We've helped the people of Iowa. And I thought you would introduce your great doctor that you brought.

And maybe you could give us a little talk in front of the media.

And if you're different than me, you might actually get accurate coverage, which would be fantastic. Right? You may get accurate.

But, Kim, thank you very much for being with us. And please, would you like to say?

That's great.

Wow.

Sure.

Doctor, please.

And what do you think of the immunity? What's your feeling? You have it -- are you immune? Or is just for a year? Or is it less? What do you think?

And that only comes with time?

That's great.

That's going much better now?

How important is tracing?

Is COVID the most contagious of everything that you've seen? Is there anything that you've ever seen like this?

Right. So you're really learning a lot. We're in the process of learning.

Deborah agreed with you, right?

So do you think, in the fall, it could come back, even if it's in a lesser form and we put it out? Or do you think there's a good chance that it won't come back?

We'll be definitely --

Yeah, it's great.

We learned a lot.

So the media likes to say we have the most cases, but we do, by far, the most testing. If we did very little testing, we wouldn't have the most cases. So, in a way, by doing all of this testing, we make ourselves look bad. For instance, they would say we have more than China. I don't think so. We have more than other countries. I don't think so.

But by doing all of the testing -- I'd love to get that chart from yesterday. It's such an incredible chart. We do many times -- we've done more testing than every other country combined, wouldn't you think? So we're going to have more cases because we do more testing. Otherwise, you don't know if you have a case. I think that's a correct statement.

So do you think it goes away -- it maybe comes back a little bit or a lot, but do you think it goes away in Iowa before the end of the summer?

And only time will tell that.

And you can't make -- based on data, you can't make predictions? Pretty much, it's impossible?

Good.

And how do you compare this to -- yeah. How do you compare this to, as you said, influenza? How do you compare it?

So I have known people that have had the flu. All my life, I've known people -- many, many people.

Oh, that's our testing. Look.

So that's -- this is us. This is our testing. Obviously I'm referring to this line; otherwise, I wouldn't be showing you the chart.  Because they'd then be saying, "Who's that one? They did a good job." Right? But this is the United States. This is Germany and India. And, let's see, Japan, South Korea are down here.

So if do did tests down here, we're going to have very few cases. If we do tests up here, we're going to have many more cases. So they keep saying, "They have a million cases." Well, that's because we're doing a lot of testing. Otherwise, Deborah -- in fact, I'm doing it because of Deborah. She keeps saying, "Keep going." We're going to break -- pretty soon, we're going to need a longer piece of paper.

But we don't get credit for it from the fake-news media. It's a terrible thing. But someday. Let's see. John -- John has been very nice to us.

But look at that. Isn't that something? Are you surprised by that, John? He's not allowed to say, by the way, because he's a reporter.  He's not surprised. Is anybody surprised? Would anybody --

Impressive, though, right? Impressive. Look. Dead, stone-faced. No -- look. No? Not impressed?

I got my photographer back there. My Pulitzer Prize-winning photo- -- he'll agree with me. We take great pictures together.

So anyway, there's the story. And that's -- you know, to me, that's a big deal. Here, you can have that. Give it to your husband.

So I want to thank you very much. You're very lucky to have this young lady.

No, I'm going to steal her. I'm stealing her.

Yeah.

And I'm being responsible too. I think we should put you on the task force. I really do.

Can we do that?

No, no, I promise we won't. Only for the task force. But I'm not going to steal her --

-- because that's -- I've lost friends by doing that.

No, no. But I think you should be on the task force. Would you like to do that?

It's such a great deal and such a big, important thing. And -- but I'm only going to do it if I have Dr. Birx's permission. You'll work together.

But do you like the idea?

Yeah. And we should be talking about the meatpacking plant also. But I think it would be a tremendous -- I'm serious about it. I'd love for you to be on the task force. I only have one thing I have to do: The great Vice President of the United States, I have to get his approval for this because he's headed up the task force. And maybe he'll say, "I don't want her under any circumstance."  Be careful. He can do it.

What do you think, Mike? Do you like the idea?

Incredible, right?

And having somebody from Iowa on the task force --

-- would be great. That's great.

Thank you very much. We'll let you know about meetings.

Tell us how we're doing with that food chain.

It's really .

Good.

So your plant is -- how many plants do you have closed?

Good. So you'll be in good shape.

I'm just watching -- what a great governor -- the enthusiasm, the knowledge. You know, you need both. You can't just have one or the other.

No, it's a -- it's really -- you have a great governor. A really great governor in Iowa. Thank you very much. Thank you, Kim.

John, go ahead.

Right. Plenty of supply. Go ahead.

What's your timing? What's your timing, Sonny?

Fully back up?

That'll be great.

And I think they --

Kim, I think we had a great talk with the owners of the plants, the top -- top people. Big people. These are big companies, actually. You wouldn't believe how many plants they have. And I think it was a very strong talk, and I think they got the message.

So within a week and a half, we should be in great shape. Maybe sooner.

Yeah. Well, I'll ask the Justice Department to look into it. Okay? I will ask them to take a very serious look into it, because it shouldn't be happening that way. And we want to protect our farmers. But they're looking into that very strongly.

I said I've asked the Justice Department to look into it.

Or whatever. Why is there disparity? What's going on? Are they dealing with each other? What's going on? Okay? Because it shouldn't be that way. Supply and demand should not allow that to happen, by normal supply and demand. Okay?

Thank you, John. Any other questions?

Say it again.

Okay.

And they feel much better, don't they?

Will they be moving the plexiglass partitions ?

Same as it is now.

He's been doing a very good job. We're very happy with Dr. Fauci, and he'll be doing the same, and Deborah will be doing the same. I know you'll be staying. I hope you'll be staying. We'd miss you otherwise. She's done a fantastic job. Both. No, same thing.

We're actually just adding some names. We may take off a couple that, frankly, you know, their expertise really no longer applies. But I think, Mike, you'll announce your names Monday, maybe.

Or sooner.

Good names. And now we have a very distinguished person who really knows her business.

I'll have to call Nelson Peltz. I'll have to -- I'm going to call Nelson Peltz. He's going to be -- they're going to be okay. They'll be all right.

Basically, you're saying, in a week and a half, you think everything is going to be good, or sooner.

You're going to have to push them. Push them more.

Okay?

Highly respected. Yes.

Well, I'd rather not say because some of them aren't going to be able to make it. People want to be on the task force. They want to be on everything. You know, I've never seen anything like this. Anything having to do with this, they want to help. Every --

-- the biggest people, they want to be on. They want to be on the committees. They want to be on the financial committee or the sports committee.

I've heard of -- heard? That's all I do. I get calls from people -- the biggest people. They all want to be on. Enemies of mine -- people that don't like me want to be on the committees. I said, "That's strange." But they all want to do and they all want to help. So we're going to be announcing some very good names.

Now, in this case, you know, we want professional names that can help us, not just names where we put it on for the status of the task force. We don't need status; we need results.

No difference. No difference.

No. I don't think there'll be a big difference. If you ask me that question in two months, I don't think there'll be a big difference. And I think we know, and I think you probably know too.

Okay. Any other questions?

I don't want to talk about this.

We're in the midst of some very big things, so I just don't want to talk about that now.

I will be able to report on that at the end of next week. They're buying a lot of farm product, but are they buying to the level that they were supposed to? You know, they were going to buy 50 billion dollars' worth. The most they ever did was 15 or 16, and now they're going to 50. Anywhere between 40 and 50, in terms of farm. But $250 billion overall. That's some -- that never happened. No President has ever even talked about anything like that. It's about time.

But I'll be able to report in about a week or two, as to not only with the farmers, but with many other industries also. Okay?

Okay, good. I'd like to have that. I'll report them as they come in. But we're watching closely. And, you know, they understand. They have a deal. Hopefully, they're going to keep the deal. We'll see. They may, they may not. We're going to find out. We'll know soon.

Well, we have thousands of ventilators right now under development and already in storage, as you know. We're stockpiling. We have over 10,000. We've sent them to states. The states are all -- you have plenty of ventilators, right?

Did you ever think that was possible?

They never wrote a story about it, Kim. Never.

And that's a tough one.

That's not like a swab. That's not like a swab that's a piece of cotton. This is a big deal, doing a ventilator.

So countries know that we have tremendous amount -- tremendous volume. And they've been calling. Nigeria just called. We're giving them 250 ventilators. We have many countries -- I'd say 12, 14 countries -- that called. We're sending quite a few to France. We're sending quite a few to Spain and Italy. And we have other countries -- we have four African countries, countries located in Africa, who are really in bad shape, frankly. Very bad shape. And we're sending them quite a few.

So we're in a position where we can now help other people, because, basically, what are you talking -- you're talking about people dying. Again, it's not a question of countries. You're talking about a lot of people are dying. And we make a great ventilator, as you people found out. Your people actually told me the venti- -- you know, there are good ventilators and not so good. We go top of the line. We're making all top of the line.

So, we're sending them to a lot of countries as they need them. And they -- they call.

So, we're working on that. And, in a certain way, I like them to be donations. I really do. I think it's goodwill. It's hard to say you have to pay us in order to save people from dying. And I'm the first one to say you got to pay.

But, you know, this is something that's a little bit different. I think it's something they really appreciate more than normally -- like, you know, you're doing some trade for some linen or whatever it is. A ventilator will save lives. And they are really -- some of these countries have none. Larry Kudlow knows. I mean, you know the kind of calls we've been getting. They're like desperation calls. Because you can't make them -- and it takes you months and months to get them set. We did it in weeks.

The people did an incredible job. I was very proud of them. There's not been something like this, like, since World War Two, you know. Especially that, because it's a big piece of equipment. Very expensive and very complex. You know, it's a very highly complex piece. The air has to flow at a certain level. You know, everything is -- it's a very, very complex piece of equipment.

So, it's a good question. But we have many countries calling, and we're helping as many as we can.

I view it as a -- well, I view the invisible enemy as a war. I don't like how it got here because it could have been stopped. But, no, I view the invisible enemy like a war. Hey, it's killed more people than Pearl Harbor, and it's killed more people than the World Trade Center. World Trade Center was close to 3,000. Well, we're going to beat that by many times, unfortunately.

So, yeah. This -- we view it as a war. This is a mobilization against a war. It's a -- in many ways, it's a tougher enemy. You know, we do very well against the visible enemies. It's the invisible enemy. This is an invisible enemy. So -- but we're doing a good job.

So I just heard that. I can only say this: These were young, brilliant people that were brought in because they have great expertise in this. People that love the country, people that I don't think were paid anything. In fact, some of them were very rich people, where they were able to sell their company. I mean, some people would say "nerds." Okay? This is what they do.

And I think they helped us a lot on ventilators. I wasn't involved in that, but I think they helped us a lot. You know, to they -- to them, they can look at a ventilator and it's a very simple machine. Somebody else looks at it; they have no clue. I think they did an incredible job.

Now, I don't know anything about any of the details of it, but it was a well-oiled machine. They were able to get things that nobody else was able to get. They got good pricing. Pricing, by the way, was not the most important element, but pricing was still, you know -- pricing is pricing. But we were able to get gowns and gloves and masks and all these things at a very early point. Now we're making a lot of them. You saw it yesterday, where we're making masks at Honeywell.

But I will say -- Deborah, you saw it too -- I mean, the level of ramp-up that we did so quickly. So I would say they did -- I wasn't involved in the details, but I could tell you, it started flowing. That was the -- with the planes pouring in all -- from all over the place.

Well, I don't even know that, because I have no idea who -- who bought. I wasn't involved in that. We have a lot of support in our campaign. A lot of people are supporting our campaign. They want to see us win very badly. So, I don't know. Do they have companies? Do they not have companies? I can tell you, these -- I don't believe these kids would have any knowledge of any of these companies. Any of these companies.

And, you know, like I -- seeing this Dr. Bright -- I had never met Dr. Bright. I don't know who he is. I didn't hear good things about him. I did not hear good things about him at all. And to me, he seems like a disgruntled employee that's trying to help the Democrats win an election by getting out. I mean, he's got a pre-taped sermon about, you know, what he thinks. And I can tell you they didn't think he did a very particularly good job, as I understand it.

Now, I just got this this morning, because I'm saying, "Who is this guy?" But I never met him. I know nothing about him. But he's a disgruntled guy. And I don't think disgruntled people should be working for a certain administration. I mean, he certainly -- he certainly seemed to have a very well-packaged deal. And he's got the same lawyers that some other well-known people had. And he comes up with the whistleblower. I always thought whistleblower was sort of a secret thing. Well, everyone knows who he is, so why is it a whistleblower?

Protection from what? Protection from what?

But everybody knows who he is because he was very public about it. And if you look at his lawyers, his lawyers are the same lawyers that other people have used. And so I -- I don't know much about it, but to me, he seems like a disgruntled employee.

Which figures?

Well, I think what it is -- it is what it is, from -- you're saying it's 70,000. It's approximately now 70,000. So do I believe them? Yeah.

I don't believe them from China.

And I don't believe them from other countries, where I see, you know, a very tiny number of people died, but you're watching the news and you see what's going on.

But our numbers are, you know, essentially certified numbers. They're individual hospitals; they're putting out the numbers. I don't -- I don't imagine there'd be a very big variation.

No, it's a -- it's a big number, but it's also a number that it's at the lower scale -- I think, Deborah, you could say -- it's at the very lower scale of any number that we -- that was predicted, because if you look at the predictions, I guess they said from 100 to 220 thousand. That's if we did the big shut-ins and if we went to the total shutdown. And now it's time to open up our country. We're going to open up our country.

Okay. Thank you very much, everybody.