Hello everybody. First of all, I wanna say I'm feeling really good. I'm actually a little surprised how good I'm feeling but, uh, I would never cancel this call. It was the last stop before we won the election, Grand Rapids, Michigan. So it's very important to me. And you're very important to me. We've brought in tremendous business with cars, with, with, uh, factories, with everything.

You have a governor that's shutting down your state ridiculously. And we're fighting her all the way. She's, uh, she's a disaster for your state. And the states that are doing well are the ones that are open and thriving, actually, in many cases. And, uh, you just gotta open it up. But I just want to thank you on behalf of the First Lady and myself, we are very, very grateful to everything.

And I'm very grateful to Michigan because we had a tremendous victory in Michigan that pushed us over the top and we won and we've done a great job, uh, with, uh, auto plants all over the country coming back, et cetera. On November 3rd, Michigan is going to decide whether we'll quickly return to prosperity or are we going to go through all of this nonsense that some of the states are going through right now and have a Biden four trillion dollar tax hike, uh, put in.

Uh, abolish your energy. Shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs. And that's what they'll do, they'll destroy the suburbs and give free healthcare to illegal aliens, which they promised to do which brings everybody to our country. It's not that we don't have a big heart, we do, but it's gonna bring everybody into our country.

And, uh, your 2nd Amendment will be gone. It'll be totally gone if they get in. It's the most important election that we've ever had, uh, in my opinion. I used to say that four years ago but this is beyond that. This is even beyond that. After refusing to condemn and all of the things you've watched over the last three months, the rioters and all of that, now Biden refuses to answer simple questions on packing the Supreme Court.

He's going to pack the Court. They're going to put in justices all over the place and they'll be able to do that. They'll get rid of the, uh, filibuster. And they'll be able to do it very easily if we don't win. We have to win. And, uh, hopefully we're going to have a tremendous success, a tremendous win.

Uh, John James is doing a great job and we, we're gonna get John in there and we're gonna really, we're gonna have something that's gonna be very, very special. Another critical issue for Michigan is the election of, uh, Joe Biden's plan to flood your state with, uh, refugees from terrorist hotspots all over the world including Syria, Somalia, Yemen, you know that.

That's what they wanna do. I've been the one that's stopping it. But they will do it and they will do it as quickly as they can. Biden's pledged a 700% increase in the flow of illegal refugees. That's 'cause that's what Bernie and, uh, all of the, his, his folks would like to see. But they've already agreed to it, 700%+ increase in the flow of refugees into your state.

And we can't allow that to happen. It'll destroy Michigan. It'll permanently destroy Michigan. Biden's pledge to terminate a national security travel ban that I got, overwhelming your state with poorly vetted migrants in jihadist regions, all over from jihadist regions. From the, uh, different places in the Middle East and elsewhere.

And this is in the midst of a pandemic where we're doing very well and we're having, the vaccine will be out very shortly, a matter of weeks. And a lot of good things are happening but in the middle of a pandemic this is what they wanna do. So it's really a war against the middle class, the American middle class.

And we can't have that in Michigan. You all have enough of a war with your governor, who's a disaster. In just three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, Rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous trade deals and they were disastrous, and brought back jobs home to America and brought 'em back, a lot of 'em, right back to Michigan, especially with the auto plants that are being built all over the place.

They hadn't had one built in 42 years, now you're building them all over. 'Cause I got other countries, you gotta come in and build 'em otherwise we're not gonna do business with you. We built the greatest economy in history and not even a contest. The greatest economy in the history of the world until the plague came and now we're rebuilding it again.

It's gonna be stronger next year than it was last year. Last year Michigan had its best year ever and you're gonna have a better year next year unless somebody comes along and wants to quadruple your taxes, which is what Biden wants to do. Which is what they're going to do. And they have the Green New Deal which is a catastrophe.

We pioneered lifesaving therapies, reducing the fatality rate now, as of last night, to 89% since April. Fatality rate 89% down. Europe is almost a 50% greater excess mortality rate than the U.S. and our early aggressive action saved many millions of lives, as you know, with the ban. And Biden said that was wrong, but then he admitted I was right, but that was two and a half months later.

Through Operation Warp Speed, we'll develop and distribute the vaccine in record time. It'll start taking place very shortly. And the virus, we will crush it. On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus, return to record prosperity, which we will. We've already created more jobs in the last four months than at any time ever in our history and we're looking like a tremendous V-shape.

Uh, you, if you talk, you know, they talk about the V-shape, we have a super V and that's what's happening. And, and Michigan is going to be one of the biggest beneficiaries. I want to thank the, uh, great people and my friends for being on the line today. And your great, uh, Michigan Republicans who are fighting for your, by your side.

Congressman Bill Huizenga, John Moolenaar, Fred Upton, Tim Walberg, and Senate candidate, as I mentioned, John James. John's doing a phenomenal job of beating somebody that nobody even knows who he is. Nobody knows who he is, even the people of Michigan don't. He's a Senator, Peters. He's a Senator, and nobody knows who he is.

And also I want to, uh, congratulate on doing a fantastic job, Congressional candidate Peter Meijer. And also, of course, uh, Michigan GOP Chair Laura Cox, who's been really, uh, a stalwart, been fantastic. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage that Joe Biden inflicted on the last 47 years of these ridiculous policies, including NAFTA, TPP and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which has been a disaster for our country.

And you know, I've turned that all around. In fact, we just won $7.5 billion from the World Trade. We hadn't won a suit for years and we just won the biggest suit ever, $7.5 billion we won. And they, we won it because they know we're not playing games. After years of rebuilding other nations, we're finally rebuilding our nation.

The last administration killed the U.S. auto industry. I saved the auto industry, I brought it back, the auto industry of this country was dead. America lost 500 auto and auto part facilities all over the United States, think of that. Before the virus my administration added over 200 auto and auto part plants and now they're adding them like, at a record rate that nobody's ever seen before.

My first week in office I withdrew from the horrific Trans Pacific Partnership, which would have totally killed our manufacturing in particular, autos, but our manufacturing gener- generally in our country and in Michigan. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and I signed the brand new U.S./Mexico/Canada agreement, which nobody thought would be even possible.

It's an incredible agreement, it's just starting to kick in now and it gives you back your strength and your power. Chrysler, uh, just launched a $4.5 billion investment in Michigan because of us, solely because of us, including the first new auto plant in Detroit in more than a generation. And, uh, we fought to get that and the other side didn't fight to get it, they would have never gotten it.

I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China, defending Michigan workers against China's plunder and theft. We ended the war on American energy, which was a disaster, which was really a disaster. And now we are totally energy independent for the first time, we are energy independent. And look at the price of your, uh, your gasoline at $2.00 a gallon, nobody thought that was going to be possible either when it was hitting five.

I also authorized millions of dollars to save Michigan's vital Soo Locks, and fought for over $300 million for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, all done. I also issued Major Disaster Declarations in response to the catastrophic flooding caused by the failure of the Edenville Dam, which was just recently I was called.

And I was called by you great congressmen actually and, uh, I, I got that done. And we are providing more than $43 million to help owner, home owners, businesses and communities in Central Michigan recover. And that was very important to me, because that's been an incredible area of inspiration. We achieved the most secure border in U.S. history and the wall will soon be finished.

For those of you that are interested, which is I think everybody, we're up to 380 miles of wall. And it's built at the highest level. It's exactly what Border Patrol wanted, and it's had a tremendous impact. We had... We're setting records on illegals coming in and a lot of bad people coming in. We're not letting them in, and we got rid of Catch and Release and all of the, these horrible things that were for so many years you'd catch them and then you release them into our country.

We don't do that anymore. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. Military and launched the first new branch of the U.S. Armed Forces in 75 years. It's called Space Force. You all heard about it. And we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, something said would, would never happen. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi and we took out the world's number one terrorist, Soleimani.

Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from... and who killed many, many, many people, both of them. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened America's embassy in Jerusalem. And I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golam Heights, which they've been negotiating for 52 years.

They never got it. And those two things... Every politician for the last... many, many decades said they were going to do them and they never did. I got them both done. I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years. And we say that very loosely, but it's true and everybody admits it, everybody sees it.

They'll destroy your... They get in, they're going to destroy your social security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. They're going to go with a, a healthcare system that's a socialist healthcare system. And 180 million people are going to lose your healthcare, your private healthcare which a number of people are thrilled about.

Uh, they give free taxpayer funded healthcare to illegal aliens, which will bankrupt your Medicare system. Uh, they're going to ban school choice and ban, totally ban charter schools. All of these things they're going to do and it's going to destroy the fabric of our country. In a second term, I'll provide school choice, well we've already started to a very large extent.

A vote for a Republican is surely a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and limitless future for all Americans. And just in conclusion, over the next four years, we'll make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. We've already started it. If you remember, they said, "You'd need a magic wand.

Those jobs are gone." Well, it's wrong. We're going to end our reliance on China once and for all. I've been doing that. We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States and in the state of Michigan. We'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we'll ban deadly sanctuary cities, which are horrible.

We'll strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we'll keep America out of these ridiculous, endless wars. As you know, our troops are come home from Afghanistan and Iraq and all these places where they've been forever. We'll maintain America's unrivaled military might and we'll ensure peace through strength.

That's what we want, is peace through strength and we don't want to dissipate our peace. When I took over the military, our military was in such bad shape, now we have the finest weapons in the world, all made in the USA. The finest tanks and rockets and every single thing you can think of. We spent two and a half trillion dollars all made in the USA.

We still strongly protect Medicare, social security. We will strongly protect it, they're going to destroy it because the green new deal is going to destroy everything. They want to spend $100 trillion dollars. That's more money than this country could make assuming it had 100 good years in a row. It's the most ridiculous thing anybody's ever heard.

America will land the first woman on the moon. It's all set to go, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. NASA's become the hottest space center in the world again. There's nothing even close. When I took it over it was closed. There was grass growing the crevices of the, of the, uh, runways.

If you look at the runways, if you would have seen them it was a terrible thing. Terrible thing to look at. But, NASA now is the hottest space center and space facility anywhere in the world. We'll stop the radical indoctrination of our students. And you see I've already started that, and restore patriotic education to our schools.

They were trying to teach our students things that were bad, very bad. Very bad for, very disrespectful to our country. And we will never, ever, do anything but cherish the words In God We Trust. People want to make a move to get rid of it, that's not gonna happen. For years you had a President who apologized for America.

Now you have a President standing up for America, and it's so important that you get out and vote. Your Second Amendment will be under siege. Live will be under siege. All of these things, whether you're, whether it's pro-life or whether it's Second Amendment, or whether it's anything you can name, they're all under siege.

It's all up for grabs if these people get in. And now the new thing is packing the court. They want to take our great Supreme Court and destroy it. And they want to pack it, put many, many judges. Nobody even knows what the number might be. It might be 20. Might be more than 20. And they want to destroy our, our institutions.

It's part of the game. It's part of cancel culture. So, I just want to say to Michigan, and I want to say to Grand Rapids, you've been so good to me. That last speech, I'll never forget it. It started at one o'clock in the morning on Election Day. And then we went on to one of the greatest victories ever.

And we've done a great job. Nobody's done more than this administration in the first three and a half years of, of existence. And that's despite the fact that we had to get and work on a pandemic. So, I just want to thank everybody on the call. I really appreciate you taking the time. You're incredible people.

It's an incredible state. We have a lot of auto plants coming in. Japan, Germany, they're all building in Michigan. I'm insisting on it. Because they've been ripping us off for years and years. And now, I'm insisting on it, and uh, I have been for three and a half years. You know that. You've seen what we've done.

Uh, your governor has to open up her state. We, uh, as you know brought suit, and now... And she lost the suit on a Constitutional basis. Get your kids back to school. Uh, we're rounding the turn on the pandemic. And we've done a really good job on it, and you'll see that very soon when the vaccines start coming out, and the final therapeutics.

So, again, everybody in Grand Rapids, everybody in Michigan, I want to just thank you very much for being on the call. So important, get out and vote. Be careful when you vote, because there's a lot of shenanigans going on with the ballots. You've been reading about it. Every day you read about it. But get out and vote.

And, uh, I will never disappoint you. I will never let you down. We're gonna make America greater than ever before. And it's already happening again. We did it once. And now we're doing it again. And I appreciate everybody, and I will see you soon. Thank you very much. Bye.