Thank you very much.

Right.

Well, I saw this on one of the shows recently, and I was just looking, and it hit me very hard. I saw what happened to your daughter, Vanessa, who was a spectacular person, and respected and loved by everybody, including in the military. And I invited you to the White House. As you know, the FBI and the DOJ are now involved.

We got them involved. And the people at Ford Hood, where it took place, are very much involved. We didn't want to have this swept under the rug, which could happen. And so I'd like you maybe, just if you'd like for the media, to explain exactly what happened as we all understand it, but they don't perhaps.

Good.

Other people other than the one in question, right?

In particular him, right? In particular.

Others also?

Right.

And nobody saw this? Nobody saw it?

Yeah. Yeah. That's right.

Right.

Right. Good guy.

Right.

So did she report anything at all?

Not to the fort, not to the people.

Yeah.  Well, I want to thank you. It's a great explanation. Would you like to say something? Please.

She was in love with the country is what you're saying.

And now, as you know, the DOJ and the FBI are there and they're doing a very strong investigation, as is the Army. So they're doing a very strong investigation, as you know. We just started that. It's an incredible story. It's a terrible story. Would you like to say something?

Oh, really? Wow.

So he took his life when? When after this horrible event? When did he take his life? When was it?

Oh, I see. So that was -- oh, I see. So they found out, et cetera.

Did they know right away? Did you know right away? Did everybody know it was him?

So we're going to look into it very powerfully, and we already have started, as you know. And we'll get to the bottom of it, and maybe things can come out that will help other people in a situation like Vanessa. We'll be -- we'll be in touch with you constantly. We'll be in touch with you too.

Natalie, thank you very much. That was great.

Yes, please.

That's true.

Well, you have our support, and we're working on it already, as you know, and we won't stop. And hopefully something very positive will come out in honor of your sister. Okay? And your daughter.

We will -- yes. Absolutely.

When you say "around the corner," you mean there is -- there has not been a funeral yet?

How come?

Well, they have to do that. I mean, it's --

That's no good. We got to take care of that.

You mean, you -- you haven't had a funeral? Because this is quite a while now.

Because I even saw it quite a while ago.

And -- because you don't have the body yet?

But they have the body.

Okay.

No, it's a terrible thing. When would you like to have the funeral? When?

As soon as possible. I agree. As soon as possible with the funeral. We'll make sure -- we'll make sure that happens. Okay, please? Where will you have the funeral? Do you know?

In Houston?

And if I can help you out with the funeral, I'll help -- I'll help you with that.

I'll help you out. Financially, I'll help you.

Good. They'll do a military. That's good. If you need help, I'll help you out.

Okay? If they need something, I'll -- we'll take care -- we'll make sure she is very respected.

Because I -- I've seen statements about her from other people, as you know, and you don't get better statements about a person. I see many statements about many people; I don't see statements like that. So she was very extraordinary. And thank you, Natalie. Very good job. You're doing good. So we'll coordinate.

John, do you have any questions of the family, please? We're going to keep this to Vanessa, right now, if we could.

Well, we're doing that right now and we're working, and actually, we've been working on it since I heard about it originally. And we're going to see if we can do something, representing the family, but also helping other people that are in the same position because they're -- this is not -- you know, probably, sadly, it's probably not that unique.

There are other people in trouble too.

So we're going to look into that very strongly, John.

Well, it would seem to me -- what would you think about that? Is there a culture? Is this a culture in the military?

Certainly unusual. This was, Steve, a very horrific situation. Well, I don't know if you -- if you read about it or saw it, but it impacted me. I saw it and it was terrible. And so we're going to get to the bottom of it. And how could it have happened where nobody knew about it at all?

They must have known.

But they -- remember, they ultimately got him, and that's when he -- he committed suicide, I guess. But they ultimately got him, so that was -- frankly, somebody did that. Who did that? Who was -- who was in charge? They didn't let him get away with it, is what I'm saying. And they probably wouldn't have.

Well, look, the good thing is that he's gone --

-- okay? As far as I'm concerned. The good thing: He's gone. Now we're going to go in to see what happened. Also, can we have this go on to other people to help other people --

-- like your sister. Right?

Well, let me ask you, do you know about that --

-- particular case?

What's -- what -- what about that case?

No kidding.

Wow.

But are they putting that together? Because it's --

With the same guy. He was there and then they find the other remains?

That's a good question, John.

It's an interesting question. That you'd even know that is very interesting. It's impressive, actually.

Yeah?

Yeah.

I have. I have.

Personally. I have to do it personally. I can't do it through government.

I have. I have, because some families need help. They need help. I don't even know if you need help. Maybe you don't need help, from a financial standpoint. I have no idea what -- I just think it's a horrific thing that happened. And if you did need help, I'm going to -- I'll be there to help you.

Are you using the military for the funeral though? Or is it -- is it going to be --

Okay, well, you let us know.

Okay? You let us know. That's fine.

Yeah, there is a lot of pain here. This is just a horrible thing.

What -- what did your mother say?

So was this at Fort Hood also?

We're going to find out. Right?

We're going to find out.

We'll look at that too.

Yeah.

So we'll look into that too, Natalie. Okay?

We're going to look into that. I want to thank you all for being here. It's a lot of courage actually. It takes a lot of courage. And your daughter is very respected. And she's respected by me, and you're in the Oval Office. Your daughter would be very proud of you right now. She's looking down.

She'll be very proud of you. So -- and your sister. So we will get to the bottom of a lot of this, and maybe all of it. Okay?

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Justice. Yep. Absolutely. For Vanessa. Thank you. Thank you very much.