Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have Asa Hutchinson, the Governor of Arkansas -- we all know Asa, and he's been doing a tremendous job -- and likewise, Governor Laura Kelly of Kansas, a terrific state, terrific people, hard workers. That's for sure, right? Hard workers.

And we're going to be discussing various things. I guess everything you can imagine. And we've been doing some of these meetings with governors. Our relationship with the governors has been very strong. We've sent them everything they've needed, and we'll continue.

I just spoke with Gretchen Whitmer. We'll be going to Michigan at the appropriate time. They have a big problem with dams breaking. You saw that. That's a big, big problem. And so we've sent the -- FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers out. And they're very good at dams. They're probably better at dams than anybody you can think of, right? The Army Corps of Engineers, they're done a fantastic job all over. And I'll be going to Michigan at some point in the not-too-distant future.

I'm also actually going to Ford tomorrow, come to think of it. And I think they called the governor, invited the governor. So we'll be heading out. Maybe we'll do them both at the same time. I don't want to get in the way of the fix-up though, because there's a lot of water out there. It was a bad break. So we'll be taking care of that in Michigan.

And Michigan -- these are great people and great survivors -- right? -- when you get right down to it, Larry. They've been through a lot over the years. And now we have a lot of auto factories being built there. And a lot of good things are happening.

States are opening up -- some rapidly, safely. And we look forward to that. And I think we're going to get back. We're going to have some very good numbers, I project. I think that we will have a great transition period, which is third quarter. I think you're going to have a very good fourth quarter. I think you're going to have an incredible year. You may have something to say about that, Larry, because you just got some numbers that are quite important.

Go ahead.

Wow. That's great.

I could see that happening.

Well, those are big numbers. That's -- that'll be incredible. That tells you what's happening. And that's why the stock market is as good as it is --

-- because a lot of smart people that are projecting some very good results for this country.

Laura, would you like to say something? We have these wonderful people right here, and they'd love to hear from you.

Governor, please.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yes.

That's right.

That's right.

Right.

And our people work very well together, I have to say. Your representatives and my representatives really worked well together. They did a good job together.

Absolutely.

Right. That's true. That's true. Thank you very much. Good job.

Asa? Go ahead.

Right.

Right. Sure.

That's great. That's big news.

Right.

Sure.

Right.

Great.

Thank you very much, Asa. And you've done a great job. You both have done a really great job, and it's been an honor to work with both of you. Thank you very much. That was really terrific.

Any questions, please?

Well, I think if we're talking about the mail-in ballots -- if people mail in ballots, there's a lot illegality. They send in ballots that -- they harvest ballots. You know all about harvesting. And they do lots of bad things. Ideally, people go out and they vote.

Now, if you need a mail-in ballot, if you need a specific -- like, as an example, I'm in the White House and I have to send a ballot to Florida. That makes sense. So if you need it for some reason or if somebody is not well, that's one thing.

But when you send out 7.7 million mail-in ballots, there's forgeries, there's, frankly, duplication where they print ballots on the same kind of paper with the same kind of machinery and you can't tell the difference. And they send in thousands and thousands of fake ballots. And I'll tell you what: This nation can't be going down that path because it's a very dangerous path to go down.

Now, we just won a big election. You probably heard about this one in California. California-25. Mike Garcia -- he just won a very big election. And that was ballots. And it was a very -- sort of, the opposite. They won the case for ballots. He was doing very well, because they're ballots -- you see, he was way ahead in an area that, frankly, was not expected to go Republican. The first time in 22 years that it's happened. They flipped from Democrat to Republican. In California, the first time in 22 years that it happened.

And they actually put machines in there in the last three days because they thought -- meaning, the Democrats -- because they thought that might happen, but it didn't. But that was a case -- that was a positive case. But mail-in ballots are very dangerous. There's tremendous fraud involved and tremendous illegality.

Well, we're going to see how it all works out. But they had 7.7 million applications sent out. They have -- in the state of Nevada, they have tremendous -- they have a tremendous drive-in where you just mail in your ballots. You can't do that. You got to go and vote. People have to check you. They have to see that it's you. They're supposed to look at you and check you and make sure that -- I mean, when you get thousands of ballots and they put them in a bag and they just bring them in and people start count- -- who knows where they come from. It's so obvious. I mean, frankly, they should have voter ID. That's what they should have.

If you really want to know what the country wants, the country wants voter ID. Otherwise, there's going to be -- it's going to be subject to tremendous illegality and fraud.

From?

Yeah, well, I have very specific funding. I just spoke with the governor. We didn't discuss that. We really discussed more the topic at hand, plus the dams breaking.

So we didn't -- but we'll let you know if it's necessary. You'll be finding out. They'll be finding out very soon if it's necessary. I don't think it's going to be necessary -- because mail-in ballots are a very dangerous thing. They're subject to massive fraud.

And, by the way, you know, I don't want to put anybody on the spot, if you have anything to say about it, Asa or Laura, but how can you do that? You have people signing ballots. Who knows who's signing these ballots? They have a ballot. They pick the ballot. They take them out of mailboxes. They go around and accumulate them. They harvest them. I guess, the word is "harvest" them. And it was especially in prevalent in California, and it's just not a fair situation.

Do you have any comment on that?

Good.

Right. Sure.

I think just common sense would tell you that it's massive manipulation can take place. Massive.

They -- and you do; you have cases of fraudulent ballots, where they actually print them and they give them to people sign. Maybe the same person signs them with different writing, different pens. I don't know. It's -- a lot of things can happen.

No, if you can, you should go and vote. Voting is an honor. It shouldn't be something where they send you a pile of stuff and you send it back.

Another thing that happens: A lot of people in certain districts -- this is historically -- a lot of people in certain districts don't ever get their ballot. They keep going, "Where is my vote? Where is my ballot?" Then Election Day passes and they forget about it. And that can happen in the thousands. I'm not saying it does, but it can and probably has.

No, I'm not. I'm -- no, I'm not concerned at all. We're going to help Michigan. Michigan is a great state. I've gotten tremendous business to go to Michigan. Michigan is one of the reasons I ran. I was honored in Michigan long before I thought about -- I was honored as the Man of the Year in Michigan at a big event.

And I got up -- and I remember so well. I spoke -- probably just five, six years before I even thought about running for President. And I got up and I spoke and I said, "Why are you allowing them to steal your car business?" You know, we lost 32 percent of our car business to Mexico, and a lot of it came out of Michigan. And I said, "Why did you allow that to happen?" And I posed many questions to Michigan that night, and I think it think made quite an impression. And now we have those same car factories, they're coming back, except in a brand-newer and bigger form. So I think we're going to do very well in Michigan.

I guess we just got a poll that's very good, right here. A very good poll about how we're doing in Michigan and other swing states, and just generally in the election. But I won't show you; I'm sure you can get it. I won't flip this over. Everyone saying, "Could you flip it over?"

But, no, I think we're doing well in Michigan. Very great place.

And I'll be there tomorrow. And I guess it's tomorrow, but I'll be there tomorrow at the Ford plant. And I'm maybe going to do the double stop or I'll go back on the dams. But we have to take care of that problem.

Well, nothing. If you take New York and New Jersey -- which were very hard hit -- we were very, very low. And in terms of morbidity and in terms of -- if you look at the death, relatively speaking, we're at the lowest level along with Germany. Germany, us, there could have been some smaller countries too, perhaps.

I'd like to ask you maybe about that, if I could, Deborah. We've done, you know, amazingly well. I think -- I think the biggest thing we did is stopping the inflow from China into our country. And Deborah was a big -- a big supporter of that -- I mean, in terms of how important it turned out to be. And so was Tony Fauci. They were very, very -- Tony said we saved thousands and thousands of lives. That was a great decision that was made, and that was made very early.

Please, Deborah.

Right. Good job.

And just to finish your question, though -- I mean, so we're in that category along with Germany, as the lowest. And I think that's a great -- it's a great honor. And that's including New York and New Jersey, which have had a very -- they had a very high number. So if you include New York, New Jersey, do everything -- if you don't include New York and New Jersey, we're just about in a class by ourselves.

Now, with all of --

Well, China -- you tell me about it. Do you think they have right numbers? Do you think China is giving the right number? I don't think so. I don't think so. Take a look at the --

-- numbers. They gave numbers that were so low. I mean, I saw more problem on television than they were reporting, just by looking at a picture. So I'm not including China in any numbers because those numbers weren't correct, obviously. And that's been easily shown and easily proven.

But, no, our people have done a fantastic job. Deborah, I always talk about the fact that our testing is so far advanced that we're close to 14 million in testing. Fourteen million. And would you say China is at -- not China -- if you would say Germany would be at maybe three or four --

Three?

And in South -- South Korea is at a number. You tell us what that number is.

Way ahead of everybody.

Sure.

Quality.

But when you do 14 million tests, you're going to find more cases. If instead of 14 million tests we did 3 million -- like, Germany is at about 3 million; South Korea is at 3 million, and they've done a very good job. It's not a knock, but we're at almost 14 million. We're going to be passing 14 million very soon.

So you're going to have more tests. If we do 3 million, everyone would say, "Oh, we're doing great," you know, in terms of cases. We're going to have more cases. If we did 3 million -- maybe that's what we should've done. I said -- if I would've done 3 million, they'd say, "Oh, they have very few cases. United States is doing well."

We're finding a lot of people. By doing testing, you're finding people. So we're doing 14, Germany is doing 3, South Korea doing 3, and I think they're number two and three. So we're way ahead of everybody. But when you do that, you have more cases. So a lot of times, the fake news media will say, "You know, there are a lot of cases in the United States." Well, if we didn't do testing at a level that nobody has ever dreamt possible, you wouldn't have very many cases.

So we're finding a lot of cases, and we're doing a great job once we find them.

Okay, thank you very much.

Yeah.

Sure.

You want to do that, Deborah?

Per capita.

And, you know, when you say "per capita," there's many per capitas. It's, like, per capita relative to what? But you can look at just about any category, and we're really at the top, meaning positive on a per capita basis, too. They've done a great job.

Please, Kaitlan.

No, I wasn't complai- -- I don't know who gave you that. It's fake news.

Yeah, I do. I do. It's fake news, Kaitlan. Fake news. Therefore, you can report it on CNN.

It's perfect for CNN.

No. Not at all.

No, no, no, no.

Well, you know, you're asking me a wise-guy question. At the beginning -- and again, I didn't put CDC there. CDC has been there long before the Trump administration came in. But they had a test that was -- was -- something happened to it. It was soiled. It was --

It was soiled and/or foiled, but it was a problem -- a short-term problem. It lasted for about a week, and then they got that solved. And, frankly, the end result is -- and this was done outside of CDC. This was done by private companies and people that we got involved. And we've done -- you know, you look at the numbers. I bet you don't like to talk about the numbers and what we've done.

But, yeah, for the first week, they had a problem -- CDC -- because something went wrong with one of the tests, and that can happen. I'm not blaming the CDC for it.

No, I think he's done a very good job. I think -- I think that my whole team has done a very good job. I think the whole -- and it's not really my team. They were there. CDC has been there for a long time. There's some great talent in CDC. I deal with them. So now what you're saying is, "Okay, we've done 14 million tests, so we can't hit the President on that. So let's go back to the first week."

CDC has done a -- I think a really good job. No, and I didn't say anything bad about CDC at the meeting. We actually had a very good meeting -- the Republican Party, the senators. I think virtually every one was there. I think you had 53 there. And we had a great meeting. We're looking to do great things for the country. We're helping people with stimulus. We're getting peo- -- money to people. They need it.

And we're going to open up very big. We're going to open up. I call it "transition to greatness." That's what it is. It's a transition to greatness. And when Larry Kudlow tells you the numbers, those are really surprisingly good numbers this early in. I mean, we're doing very well.

I think it's going to be something special. These are two governors that we invited. They've both done a fantastic job. One happens to be a Democrat; one happens to be Republican. But I think I've worked out -- you've been on most of those calls, Laura. I think we can say the Democrats have been as nice about what we've done as the Republicans. I mean, it's been terrific.

And, you know, Laura -- I know she will speak her mind and so will some of the others. And if she was unhappy, she'd

be letting you know it.

No, we've done a really great job. We've gotten along great with Democrats -- the Democrat governors -- and we've gotten along great with the Republicans. It's been -- it's been a tremendous thing to witness. And we are -- we're doing a fantastic job with -- and you have been fantastic, Deborah, I have to say. You've been working 24 hours a day, and I hope people appreciate what you're doing, but I do. I do.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

I think the regimen finishes in a day or two. Yeah.

About a -- I think it's two days. Two days.