Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have you all. I know your stories. I got to read about your stories. In some cases, I knew your story without having to read about it -- from Staten Island. So, thank you all very much. It's a great honor to have you.

This afternoon, we're going to recognize several individuals who have responded to the invisible enemy with courage, determination, and grace. Terrific people. In recent weeks, our nation has endured extraordinary hardships and loss, and we mourn with one heart for every life that's been taken from us.

In the midst of so much pain, the heroes we honor today are a true source of inspiration for us all. You really are very great inspiration for us all. And the whole country is watching.

With us today is Kyle West from Cincinnati, Ohio. Kyle is 23 years old, and he's proud to be a mailman in his hometown. I know Cincinnati very well. I actually worked in Cincinnati, and it was a great -- the Queen City. I had a great experience. Many of the people on this route are older Americans in a low-income area. And as Kyle says of his job, "We're not just mailmen, we're mechanics, movers, and many other things. We're part of the neighborhood." That's true, isn't it -- huh? -- for a mailman. Kyle talks to roughly 500 of his customers each day, bringing a cheerful smile and a listening ear to every parcel of mail.

When the pandemic hit, Kyle delivered a note to hundreds of older Americans on his route. It said, "If you are at risk and need help getting essential items, let me know. I will do what I can to help." That means you get it done, right? That's what he means. "Sincerely, Mailman Kyle." Since then, Kyle has received more than 400 responses, and he's delivered vital groceries to dozens of senior citizens.

Kyle, your love for your neighbors lifts us and the entire nation. Would you come up and say a few words? Please. Thank you, Kyle. It's terrific.

I'll move that down for you. Thank you.

Great job, Kyle. Thank you very much.

Great job. Thank you very much, Kyle.

Also with us are Libby Bish and Rafael Melo. And they're real estate agents in Northern Virginia -- great business, real estate. When one of their clients told them that his restaurant had been hit hard, Libby and Rafael decided they wanted to do something to help. They began raising money to buy food from restaurants to donate to local hospitals. Within a few weeks, they have raised over $6,000, made 18 deliveries, and fed over 500 healthcare workers.

And Libby and Rafael, please, I'd like to thank you and acknowledge you by having you step forward and say a few words. Please.

Please, go ahead.

Fantastic. Thank you both.  Thanks very much. Great job.

Tall guy, right? Next to -- so how tall are you?

6'8? That's a good height.

That's a -- I have a son that looks like he's going to be right around that number. Barron. Right?

It's -- he's going to be up there. That's really good. Thank you very much, and thank you, Libby, very much.

Today, we also want our TJ Kim, a high school sophomore from McLean, Virginia. TJ hopes to serve as a pilot in the United States Navy. At just 16 year old -- 16, boy, that's a great age -- TJ is already taking flight classes to get his pilot's license. When he heard that hospitals needed more personal protective equipment, he launched his own mission, Operation SOS, which stands for Supplies Over the Skies.

He worked with his school, church, and community to collect medical supplies. With the help of the flight instructor, who probably was a very good person -- what do you think? Pretty good?

Good flight instructor too?

Knows how to fly, right? Pretty good?

You better take lessons from somebody that knows how to fly. But who also joins us today.

And TJ has flown and delivered more than 10,000 pieces of personal protective equipment. That's pretty -- that's a lot of work. That's a lot of flying too. That's great. And there can be no better preparation for flying the military planes, right?

I think there can be nothing better. But you're going to four rural hospitals in Virginia. So, TJ, come on up and say a few words. Please, great honor. Thank you.

That's fantastic.

That's great. Where's your flight instructor?

Where's your instructor?

Good. How about standing up?  Was he a great -- a great student?

Huh? Did a good job?

He did job, I'll bet. Thank you very much. That's great. Thank you.

Fantastic story.

So a man that I know because I spent a lot of time -- and spend in a place called Staten Island. Right? That's true, Frank. You know that. Frank Siller from Staten Island, New York -- a really special place. I spent many an hour -- many a day with my father there over the years. And it's just great.

Nearly two decades ago, Frank founded an organization called Tunnel to Towers to support the loved ones of the fallen for first responders and service members. He began this mission to honor the legacy of his younger brother, firefighter Steven Siller. And so, Steven is looking down right now and he says, "My brother is in the White House, doing a real job." He's very proud of you. I know how hard you work. Coming from New York, I guess, especially, Frank, I know how hard you work. And you've done a fantastic job. We appreciate it very much.

But he was one of the immortal heroes who gave his life on September 11th, 2001.

As the virus began to spread in New York earlier this year, Frank leapt into action. He helped raise money to deliver more than 1 million pieces of personal protective equipment -- that's a lot -- for hospitals in the city.

Frank and his army of volunteers have delivered food to firehouses and phone stations and police stations and all sorts of places all across New York and New Jersey. Frank also raised over $5 million to help pay the mortgages of families -- homes that have 25 first responders. I guess it's a total of 25. So you have a lot of people that are very thankful, Frank. I've heard a lot about it. First responders and healthcare workers who have tragically lost their lives in the fight against the virus. It's a vicious, vicious enemy.

Frank, I want to thank you for continuing to support our nation's heroes. And, again, your family and your brother is very proud of you, looking down. And please come up and say a few words, Frank, please.

Thank you.

It's a long tunnel.

Thank you. Great job. Thank you, Frank. Thank you very much, Frank. Beautiful.

In this hour of need, the world has once again witnessed the unbeatable strength of the United States of America. All across our land, heroes have raced into action. Doctors and nurses are enduring sleepless nights to save every possible life. Farmers, truck drivers, and grocers are working to keep our shelves stocked and our people fed. Families are helping neighbors in need, and entire communities are rallying together to defeat the plague -- this ugly, horrible plague.

The five Americans we recognize today are the first of a number of individuals we will honor in the coming weeks. We're going to be honoring a lot of great people. Our nation has just completed the "30 Days to Slow the Spread," during which every American was asked to make sacrifices to help defeat the virus.

Not long ago, models predicted that between 1.5 million and 2.2 million people would have died in the United States without the mitigation. Through our aggressive response and the remarkable commitment and bravery of American people, we have saved thousands and thousands of lives. I can even make that, if you want, hundreds of thousands of lives. People were thinking in terms of 1.5 million lives lost to 2.2 without the mitigation. And hopefully, we're going to come in below that 100,000 lives lost, which is a horrible number nevertheless. It's a horrible thing. It could've been stopped. It should've been stopped at source, but it wasn't.

But it's a tribute to this country and the people of our country what they've been able to do and the amount of lives that have been saved.

Because we've flattened the curve, slowed the spread, and massively expanded our healthcare capacity, we're now in the process of gradually reopening our country. And it's being done with a tremendous -- a tremendous gusto and vigor. We see that all the time, don't we, Frank? They want to get out there, and they want to get back. That's what they want. They want their country back, and they're getting it back. And we're getting it back safely and we're getting it back quickly.

It's a strategy guided by science, evidence, facts, and reason. A never-ending lockdown would inflict colossal damage on the health and lifespans of our people. Public health is closely tied to economic health. No state or country can long ignore the facts and the truth. And we're just very proud of the fact that people have put up with so much in order to keep the numbers down to the level. And it looks like we'll be having our finished number.

It should be something -- you know, think of it: We could save anywhere from a million to even a million-five. And, I guess, if you think about it, we could save 2.1, 2.5 million lives, depending on what happens. And with this invisible enemy, as we said, nobody knows what really happens, but we've learned a lot in the last two months.

Throughout our history, it's America's love and strength, not its fears and doubts, that have paved the way and paved the road to victory. Together, we'll emerge from this chapter of hardship and all of those deaths of such great souls and such great people. With new unity and resolve, our people will thrive, our industries will roar, our innovators will astonish, and America will try triumph like never before. And that's what I feel -- like never before.

We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. Greatest employment numbers. Greatest stock market. Greatest number of jobs. Any way you want it. Greatest industries. Greatest creations. And one day, we had to close it down. They said, "Sir, we're going to have to close it down." And we did that. And everybody suffered, but they did an incredible job.

And because of that, we've saved maybe millions of lives. And I just want to thank everybody. This is a scourge all around the world -- 182 countries as of a week ago, so it's probably higher. A hundred and eighty-two countries are going through relatively the same thing, and it's a very sad -- it's a very sad chapter. There was no reason for this. There was no reason for this. This should've been stopped at the source.

But I'd like to congratulate these incredible five Americans. And I'd like to ask them to come forward and receive their award and their recognition. And they deserve it. And we'll be watching you throughout your life. You may be around a little bit longer than me, Mr. Mailman, but I'll be watching you as long as I can. I'm watching all of you, and I want to thank you very much. And to my hometown man, thank you very much. Thank you, Frank. Please.

So, that was great. And you represent a very important part of this country, and we appreciate it very much. Thank you very much. Go have a good day. Bye.