Okay, thank you very much for being here as we commemorate the return of historic Native American artifacts and sacred remains to American soil. That's a big thing. They've been working on this for a long time. Long, long time. Many, many years.

With us today is our Finnish Ambassador, who we just had the privilege of meeting. The Finnish Ambassador has been a friend of this country, and now he's officially a friend. So, congratulations. I'd like to congratulate you, as well as you, as Ambassador to Finland, Bob Pence. Thank you very much. And Bob, thank you very much. Appreciate it.

We're also joined by Department of Interior Secretary David Bernhardt, Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs Tara Sweeney, and officials of Finland's National Museum and the National Museum of the American Indian. I also want to thank Colorado Senator, Cory Gardner. He was so instrumental on this. He's been a great senator for his support for Native American communities. Worked very hard.

Nearly 130 years ago, treasured Native American artifacts were excavated from the great state of Colorado by European archeologists. For the past seven decades, several administrations have tried -- and they have tried very hard; they were unable to do it -- to negotiate the return of these precious artifacts.

Last October, I worked with the President of Finland, who agreed to bring these priceless possessions back to the 26 Indian tribes of the Mesa Verde region in American Southwest -- in the American Southwest. And they've been trying to get it for a long time, so we got it done. Right? That's a big thing. Thank you, David.

Five days ago, the remains were repatriated to their ancestral homeland and given a proper burial. And this was with big ceremony.

My administration also brought back the Acoma Pueblo Shield to New Mexico last November, and that was very important to the great people of New Mexico.

I'm committed to working with tribal leaders to ensure their cherished heritage is honored, respected, and preserved, as it should be. As my administration did last year, it increased Native American access to eagle feathers.

My administration is fighting for Native American communities. We made the largest investment in Indian Country in the history of our country. We have $8 billion in CARES Act funds to protect Native American health. Eight billions dollars -- that's the largest amount of money ever spent on the Indian reservations. I created task forces on missing and murdered American Indians and protecting Native American children. And we're working on that very hard.

Law enforcement is really working on it. We've made tremendous progress. It's a -- it's a terrible situation, but we've made tremendous progress on that, and we're being thanked by a lot of people. It's a terrible situation, but we'll continue to work hard on the -- on that problem and many other problems with Indian Country and the problems that they've got.

We're really -- I think we're really doing a job.

David, you can be very proud of the job you're doing. Right? In particular, Tara. Thank you. Thank you very much. Big progress being made?

What would you like to say while you have the media, Tara? Would you like to say something before we introduce some of the other people?

It's been so devastating to Indian Country. I mean, it's been so horrible what's gone on with the kidnappings, the killings, the whole thing. It's just been incredible. Probably mostly led by drugs, right? Mostly led by drugs, largely.

But we appreciate it. You've done a great job, Tara. Thank you very much. David, great job. Would you like to say something, David?

Well, I want to thank the President of Finland. He's a friend of mine. He's been great. Everything you've ever needed, we've worked on very closely and gotten it done. And so I just want to thank the President of Finland for making this possible.

Mr. Ambassador, would like to say something?

Oh, that's very nice. Thank you.

So it's human remains also, in addition to --

That's fantastic. That's really great. Well, thank you to the airlines very much. I think maybe before I go to this side, I'll just say to the new ambassador who has only been here for about 35 minutes because he just --  -- I just accepted his commission 35 minutes ago. You worked very fast to pull off --  -- in 35 minutes. You are something. Please.

Yes. Absolutely. And it's a great honor. Thank you, and congratulations. Congratulations to you both.

I'd like to hear from the tribes, please, if I could.

That's something. Thank you very much.

Please.

It's a great honor. You've done a great job. Thank you very much.

Would you like to say something?

Wow. That's a big statement.

You've done some very important things.

That's a big statement.

How long have they been working on this from the beginning, from its original start?

Seventy?

Yeah, that's great. So from the time we started -- and it's been 70 years in the making. Seven-oh.

Well, thank you. It's such an honor. Yeah, I heard the ceremony was incredible, actually. It was very -- I heard it was very emotional, actually, for people.

Well, it's an honor to have done this, and these are great people that have worked on it for a long time. So I'm glad we got it done. It took 70 years, but we got it done. We get things done. That's one thing we do: We get them done. We have a big list of accomplishments, but this is a very important one. And to Indian Country, this is about as big as -- this is their number-one request.

So thank you all very much. Congratulations, and thank you very much. I'll be seeing you later. Thank you.