Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to be with everybody, and very importantly, we're at the White House, and there's no place like the White House. And for those of you that this is the first time, I know exactly what you're thinking, because I was here a first time, and it was still something I'll never forget.

So it's great to have you. And our First Lady and I are pleased to welcome everybody to this wonderful place and discuss the vital importance of safety and reopening America's schools. We want to reopen the schools. Everybody wants it. The moms want it, the dads want it, the kids want it. It's time to do it.

You know, our mortality rate is, right now, at a level that people don't talk about, but it's down tenfold. Tenfold. So if you look at -- deaths are way down from this horrible China virus, and it's a disgrace that it happened. It shouldn't have happened, but it did.

And the economy is coming back, and it's coming back strongly. Jobs are setting records for -- two months ago, they set the record. And then again, almost 5 million new jobs last month, which is a record, and it broke our last record of a month before. So the numbers are happening much faster than anybody anticipated.

The stock market -- NASDAQ just hit another record today, and the markets generally are just, really, a very small amount below where they were at the height of the market when we first had to do this about four and a half, five months ago.

And it's incredible what's happened. When you look at education, my administration has approved $13 billion for state and local education. We've approved over $6 billion to support colleges and another $6 billion in emergency grants to students, very importantly. We waived standardized testing requirements, deferred federal student loan and interest payments.

So you take a look at the student loan program -- we've waived student loan and interest payments, and that is something that people haven't been hearing about and nobody talks about it, but it's a big deal.

We've pioneered new treatments that are dramatically improving the health outcomes. Vaccines are doing very well. Therapeutics are doing very well. The therapeutic research has been incredible. And I think you're going to have a lot of big things happening long before the end of the year, on both vaccines and therapeutics. Therapeutics is, I guess, a little bit of a word we can use for "on the way to a cure." But they make you better. I mean, to me, the therapeutic is even more important than the vaccine at this point because people will get better.

But the numbers are -- the testing numbers are the highest they've ever been. We're almost up to 40 million in testing and -- 40 million people, which is unheard of. Far more than any other country. Many times what any other country is, and therefore we have more cases. Because we're doing more testing, we have more cases. If we did half the testing, we would have far fewer cases. But people don't view it that way. What they have to view, though, is: If you look at the chart -- and maybe Mike has it, but we looked at it before -- if you look at the chart of deaths, deaths are way down.

So what we want to do is we want to get our schools open. We want to get them open quickly, beautifully, in the fall. And the -- as you know, this is a disease that's a horrible disease, but young people do extraordinarily well. I was with the governor of New Jersey. We were talking, and he said, out of -- and he mentioned a number which is a very high number, but it's a -- it's a number nevertheless -- thousands of people, there was only one person that died that was under 18 years old in the state of New Jersey, and that was somebody, I guess, had a problem with perhaps diabetes or something else. But one person out of thousands of people -- one person died, who was under 18 years old. So that's a pretty amazing stat, when you think of it.

But I'd like to now just give the mic to our First Lady. She's going to say a few words, and then we're going to go with Mike and Karen Pence. And then we'll go around the room a little bit, say a few words. Kellyanne, you did a great job this morning. Thank you. Really great.

So, if I might, First Lady, please.

Thank you very much. And, Governor, thank you. I see you sitting over there. What a job you're doing. Thank you very much for being here, Governor. Appreciate it.

And thank you, Melania, very much.

We just heard -- Mike was telling me that Governor Santis -- DeSantis of Florida is doing a terrific job. He just announced that the schools will be open in the fall, and we hope that most schools are going to be open. We don't want people to make political statements or do it for political reasons. They think it's going to be good for them politically, so they keep the schools closed. No way.

So we're very much going to put pressure on governors and everybody else to open the schools, to get them open. And it's very important. It's very important for our country. It's very important for the wellbeing of the student and the parents. So we're going to be putting a lot of pressure on: Open your schools in the fall.

Mike, please.

Good. Please.

Well, thank you very much, Karen. I appreciate it. And I see Dr. Redfield over in the audience, and I appreciate it. And I know you'd like to see everybody coming back and getting back to school in the fall. And I've read everything you've written, and I appreciate that very much, Doctor. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Governor, please.

I thought we'd maybe -- we'll go around the room real quickly. We'll go quickly, and we'll get everybody to say a few words and we'll start with our Governor.

It's our honor.

That's great.

Thank you.

And you won't be changing the name "St. Louis," will you? Huh?

Thank you. Thank you very much. That's very important. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much.

Great job. Thank you. Alex?

Thank you, Alex. And good luck with all of the therapeutics. I know you're getting very close. Very close. That would be incredible. What are your chances early, like in September?

And it seems to be just working. It's basically -- it's sort of the ABCs of what we're doing.

And it seems to be working. Do you have tests --

Do you have tests right now that says -- say, "It does work"?

Good. And that's exciting. Very exciting. All right, we'll hold you to it: September.  You too, Doctor. You too, Doctor.

Please, thank you.

Thank you for that.

Well, good luck with your plan and getting them open. And hopefully you can do five days, instead of the two and back and forth. I know you want to be able to do that, so you'll try.

Thank you very much. Great job.

Please. Good-looking --

Good-looking person this is. Huh?

Great job. Really great. Thank you very much. We'll get you back. Okay? We'll get you back soon. Thank you.

Kellyanne, please.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Kellyanne.

Thank you very much. Great job. Looks like you're doing a good job. Is your mother doing a good job?  Is she good? Right?  You said the right thing. Okay, great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you. And say hello to Bill, please.

Thank you. Doctor?

Thank you very much. Thanks, Deb.

Thank you.

Thank you. I think it's very important to note that we've done it right. We closed up. We were amazing the way our great citizens adhered to what we wanted to do. And we saved, I think, millions of lives. Now we want to be open. We understand the disease much better. Nobody knew what this was; nobody had ever seen it before. There's been nothing like this since 1917; that's more than 100 years ago.

But we saved -- we saved tens of thousands of lives, hundreds of thousands of lives. And now we're open, and we want to stay open and we will stay open. We're not closing. We'll put out the fires as they come out. I call them "embers" and "fires," and whatever you want to call them.

But I think it's very important to note what we've done: We've saved literally hundreds of thousands of lives. I was going over numbers before with the Vice President, and if you looked at a million, two million, two and a half million, those are all reasonable numbers to what we could have had. Right now we're at a number, as you know, far lower than that. And where would you say we are today, Mike?

About 130 . So we're at 130, and we could be at -- we could be at -- way over a million right now. And I think it could have been 2.5 or 3 million people.

So -- but now we're open. And now we understand the vulnerable; we understand who has the biggest problem with it. And we watch that group and that age group, and also people that aren't feeling so well with respect to, in particular, Deborah, certain diseases. Diabetes is bad. The heart is bad. And we watch very closely, and we've done it right.

When you look at what happened with Sweden -- I kept hearing about Sweden with the herd -- you know, with the pure herd. The herd concept of opening up and keeping open -- all of a sudden, it exploded. You look at what's going on in Brazil and a couple of other places.

So we've really done it right, but now it's time to be open, it's time to stay open. And we will put out the fires as they come up, but we have to open our schools. It's so important to open our schools. And when you said, from a psychological standpoint, with respect to staying home any longer, you can't do it. You can't do it. That has great dangers also.

So that's where we are. We're not closing. We'll never close. You'll have certain areas that will have difficulty and they'll do what they have to do and that'll be up largely to the governors, but it's also -- they're in very strong consultation with us. We're supplying them with tremendous materials and gowns and masks and anything else they need. And they should be doing it themselves, but we've made a lot of governors look very, very good.

We've made a lot of governors look very smart that weren't so smart. And some have just done a good job right from the beginning. I could give you a list; I could grade them. I could grade them out from 1 to 50 and --  -- you'd be amazed. You might be surprised at some of them -- both good and bad.

But I thank you very much for your remarks. I think it's very important. What you said I think is very important.

Please.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Good.

Good.

Right.

Well, thank you very much. It's a great place, a great state. And you're right about one thing: There's nothing like the campus. If we've learned anything, it's the computer will never replace the campus. They thought it would for a while, didn't they? But it didn't -- after about two weeks --

-- we figured out that it's much better to have it the old-fashioned way, right?

That's great. Great statement, actually. Thank you.

Thank you. Great. We agree. Thank you.

Please.

It's not easy --  -- that I can tell you.

Thank you. That's very nice of you, Nancy.

Thank you very much. And will Alabama be playing some great football? What's going on with Alabama?

Good.

It's true. And say hello to the coach. Great coach. Thank you.

Thank you, Johnny, and you're doing a great job. The only thing is I don't think people know how much we've done for historically black colleges and universities. Nobody knows that we've done more than any administration in history, and nobody knows that. But maybe they'll find out eventually, yeah. They'll find out.

But thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Please.

Thank you.

You're right. Thank you very much.

Brooke.

Thank you, Brooke. Thank you very much. Please.

Good.

Good, that's great. That's great. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much, Betsy. Appreciate it. Very nice. Please.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Please.

Thank you very much.

Well, thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great job, too.

So I want to thank everybody, and I want to just say: Get open in the fall. We want your schools open. It's going to be a much better climate than it is right now. We're on the right side of things -- Deborah, I think we can say that. A lot of work has been done, and we understand what we're doing very, very well. Again, mortality rate: the lowest anywhere in the world. And we want to get this done, and we want to get our country going again.

Economically, we're doing well. We want to do well with the education. I see where Harvard announced that they're closing for the season or for the year. I think it's ridiculous. I think it's an easy way out. And I think they ought to be ashamed of themselves, you want to know the truth. But I noticed that today, and probably others are doing that. That's called the easy way out.

I don't know if people are helping them. I guess their endowment is plenty big; they don't have a problem with that. But that's not what we want to do.

Because it's very important -- as so many of the parents and instructors said today, it's so important that the children -- at this age, especially -- that they're together, they're together on campus. And that's what we're striving for, and we're going to be very strong on that. We're going to be very, very powerful on that view. We want our schools open in the fall.

Tomorrow, I'm meeting with the President of Mexico. I say that to the media because it's going to be quite a meeting. He's a good man. He's a friend of mine. And we have a great relationship with Mexico. So we'll be meeting tomorrow.

Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Congratulations, everybody. Thank you.