Well, thank you very much. And Governor Kim Reynolds has done an incredible job for calling me, and -- with you and Chuck and Joni. We have come through for you, and we will always come through for Iowa, for you.

We're pleased to be joined by Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Chad Wolf, who has been doing a fantastic job. And we're going to the border in a little while, and we're going to see the wall -- part of the wall that has been built. We're up to almost 300 miles. Can you believe that? Three hundred miles. And it's moving along rapidly, and we're very proud of it.

It's had a tremendous impact on people coming into our country illegally, especially with the pandemic. Because Mexico has got some very big problems on the pandemic -- very heavily infected. And we've stopped them. It's the strongest we've been on the border in many, many years. Probably decades. So it's been very good.

Thank you very much, Chad.

And FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor -- Pete, thank you very much. He's been so busy, I don't even talk to him anymore. I just say, "Hi, Pete." I said, "Where's next?" But you've been doing, really, a fantastic job, and we appreciate it.

And Senator Chuck Grassley -- a incredible man and a friend of mine and somebody that represents the state so well. And I almost don't have a chance when he calls. Right, Joni?

We almost don't have -- and then, on top of it, Joni Ernst calls. And between the two of them, Kim --

-- you get what you want, right? But we really do; we have a fantastic team. And also, state and local officials and Iowans affected by this storm.

Last week, for those of you that don't know what happened, a powerful hurricane-force winds pummeled Iowa, like, I guess, you haven't really seen before. Right?

Has this ever happened -- a thing like this?

Yeah. The size and the power of the wind.

All Americans are united in grief and prayer for the precious life that was lost. So how many people were lost, would you say?

Well, that's good. That's -- three is too many, but that's a lot.

And people injured, I know. But it's -- but they're -- they'll be okay, right?

This took a big chunk out of your entire state, Chuck. This was a big portion. I guess more than half of your counties were affected, and some very badly, right?

Amazing. No, it's amazing.

So my administration is already working with Iowa officials, some of whom are with us now, to provide aid and to assess the damage.

Winds from 80 to 110 miles per hour have carved a path of destruction through over half of Iowa's really great counties, many of which I got to know over the years. Up to 43 percent of the state's corn and soybean crops have been damaged or totally destroyed. Three hundred and thirty-two cell towers were damaged -- think of that -- impacting one million residents. Nearly half a million of the Iowa Electric customers lost power, but I understand the power is back to about 90 percent.

Good.

And the power company has done a good job --

-- under the circumstances?

Wow.

So they really did a good job getting it back, right?

So fast. That's fantastic.

That's fantastic. Thank them for us.

And schools here in Cedar Rapids were hit very hard. And many of the schools that plan to open are now going to be delayed -- not for the pandemic reason, but for an unrelated reason that nobody thought would happen.

So, yesterday, I approved disaster -- a disaster declaration for Iowa. You know that. And it was done in record time. And we're offering the full support of the federal government, so you'll take care of that.

And the USDA also announced assistance for impacted farmers. Just as we delivered $117 million to the Cedar Rapids flood mitigation project in 2018 -- and that was another big one. Cedar Rapids has had a rough couple of years, when you think about it, right? But we took good care of the flooding. And just like we did that, we're going to help you recover from the storm. And we'll get it done, and we'll all get it done together.

Iowans have always been resilient and strong and tough and great people. From the depths of this grave hardship, we will rebuild even stronger than before. We're going to be in fantastic shape in a very short period of time. You have a outstanding group of people representing you.

And maybe if I could, Kim, you could start off and say a few words as to what's going on and how we can further help.

Amazing.

Good. Great.

And, Pete, you'll do whatever you have to do?

How do you compare this, in terms of damage, with what you had with the flooding a year and a half ago, two years ago?

So this is even more than the floods.

Wow.

Good.

Well, you know you have your friends from the Army Corps of Engineers. Nobody better. They helped you the last time. You didn't think you'd be back so soon, General, did you?

So, Chuck, with that voice, wouldn't he be a great politician? His voice is almost as tough as yours. Not quite.

That's a good point.

Chuck, what would you like to say?

Thrown.

And, you know, it's difficult because you had the largest order of corn in history -- did you know that? -- last week from, of all groups, China. How about that? China. Which -- I don't know -- it makes you think a little bit, doesn't it? Huh? But China made the largest order of corn, twice, over the last week.

So how does that affect an order like that, when you have such damage to the crops -- to the corn crops?

Yeah.

But are they able to fulfill an order like that? Can they -- will they be able to get an order that big?

Yeah.

That's great. Oh --

That's very good.

That's the biggest -- the two biggest orders of corn in history, we got. That's because they think I'm not happy, and I'm not. I'm not. I'm not happy at all. Just the opposite.

Joni, please go ahead.

So, I approved the ethanol, and we did the whole thing with the 12-month, and all of the others.

Let me ask you, how is ethanol doing with the -- with the markets? It's got to be a little bit tough, right?

But they'll be ready when the market comes back. They'll be ready like never before, right?

All right. We'll speak to them.

I'll speak to them myself.

I'll do it myself.

Chad, please.

Don't forget: This has been a very loving area for me. Cedar Rapids has been fantastic, and there's a lot of -- we've developed a lot of great relationships in Cedar Rapids, so I never had a doubt, really.

So, go ahead.

And we wanted to get it done fast, and we did record -- record fast.

Pete, go ahead, please.

Thank you.

Were you surprised?

He's seen it all. This guy has seen devastation like nobody, but this is bad.

Right.

What is the timing, do you think?

Can you find usage in some of the corn? Is it aged enough, or is it just really not going to be able to be used?

Hi.

Right.

And you -- you've never seen anything like that?

What about other states, by the way? Did it -- how was it? And they weren't affected nearly like this, but --

Right.

Incredible. Okay, thank you very much. Good job. Would anybody like to say anything? Please, go ahead. Please.

Good.

Thank you.

You expect it when? When do you expect it everything to --

Oh, good. All right.

Well, then they've done a very good job.

That's pretty good.

Sure.

How have the insurance companies responded and acted, would you say?

Have they tried to hold back?

Good.

Are you pretty well covered with insurance, though? I mean, you have clauses.

All right. Good. We'll take a look at that. You know about that.

Yeah.

All right.

We'll see what we can do.

You'll let me know, right?

How many people will that affect?

Amazing. It's big, right? It's amazing.

Okay. We'll take care of it, Mayor.

Thank you very much.

Please, go ahead.

Thank you.

Good.

Thank you.

So is that liability -- when you have trees, all those trees? You love those trees. You'd rather keep those trees, right?

Yeah.

So that's really a loss?

How -- how are you doing with the COVID? How's your area? Both of you, how are you doing with COVID?

Yeah. Well, they're doing great on vaccines, and they're doing great on therapeutics.

And even places like -- I was reading New Zealand is in such good shape, and then, today, they have a big outbreak. So, you know, it's -- it's the invisible enemy, but we're getting through it. And the vaccines are coming along really well -- soon. And therapeutically, really good.

You get hit.

Okay. Well, we're going to look very seriously at the individual help. Okay?

Let's do that. Okay? It's a double whammy. Let's help.

Please.

When was the last time something like this happened, would you say, if ever? I mean, like 100 years ago?

Nothing like this?

Well, we'll take care of it. And you're going to have a very fast recovery, I predict.

Please, go ahead. Yeah.

Good.

That's right.

But you feel good about it?

And you have -- you really have good insurance? Most of you seem to have very good insurance. That's great.

So, this was, in a way, less dangerous than a tornado, but much wider, right? But the point of a tornado is truly brutal.

It might've been.

He said, "Maybe it is a tornado."

That's incredible.

Good job. Very good.

Please.

Hi.

It's true.

Thank you. Great job, too.

And, Kayleigh, let me ask you: With all that is going on in the world, is the world aware of what happened in Iowa? Because it is really something.

Well, we're going to take care of it.

Would you like to say something?

Thank you very much.

Right.

No kidding. Wow. That's incredible.

That's incredible. That's a big part of it. That's a very big part of it.

Thank you very much. Very much.

Would anybody like to ask any questions? The governor or senators and FEMA or Chad -- any questions for them concerning this situation, which we're going to take care of very rapidly in Iowa? Anybody?

Okay, it's been very well covered.

Senator, thank you very much. Joni, thank you very much. I appreciate it. That's great. We'll get it taken care of. We'll get it done very quickly. All of you, we'll get it done. Ashley, we'll get it done very quickly. Chad, thank you. Governor.

It's all done. So now we have to start working, but the papers are done. You're going to look into the one event --

-- quickly, and we'll get that approved. Okay?

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.