Well, thank you very much, everybody. A lot of progress is being made, as you see. And we're reopening our country, and it's very exciting. And it should have never happened. This plague should never have happened. It could have been stopped, but people chose not to stop it. It's a very sad thing for the world -- 184 countries, at least.

But it's a great honor to have you with us, friends of mine who have been truly great business leaders and are great business leaders. And you're opening up your company again too, if you think about it, right? You're, sort of, doing a reopening.

But they're great companies, and they'll do very well -- hopefully better than ever before. And that's what we're seeing. We're seeing tremendous pent-up demand. And it's a beautiful thing to see.

So it's wonderful to have American industry leaders -- and that's what you are: true leaders -- to the White House. You've been here before, all of you, and we've talked about it in different times. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and nobody even disputes that. And one day, they walk in and they say, "Sir, we're going to have to close it up until we get rid of this hidden enemy, this -- this terrible scourge." And that's what we did. And we did the right thing. We did an incredible job. We worked with the governments. We worked with states all over the country.

We had no ventilators, or very few, from previous administrations. And we became the king of ventilators. We have thousands and thousands of ventilators. We're now helping other countries with ventilators.

We had old-fashioned tests that didn't work; they were really obsolete. They didn't work. They were broken. And we end up -- the testing has been incredible now and to a level that nobody has seen. I got a call from President Moon of South Korea. He said, "Congratulations. Your testing is just" -- nobody has ever seen anything like we're doing.

We've tested more than all countries put together, and millions of tests and the highest quality test. But it's -- it's great to be with -- with you. We're joined by Matt Maddox of Wynn Resorts, Chris Reynolds of Toyota, Chris Nassetta of Hilton, Josh Bolten of the Business Roundtable, Walt Ehmer of Waffle House.

And thanks to Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary Steve Mnuchin, and Secretary Eugene Scalia. That Scalia has very good genes. Where is Scalia? He has very good genes, that guy, I'll tell you. Scalia. He's got the Scalia genes, right? We all know what that means.

We mourn -- and I have to say this so strongly -- we mourn every life tragically lost to the invisible enemy, and we're heartened that the worst of the pain and suffering is going to be behind us. We think we really have crossed a big boundary, and much better days are ahead. And I often say I see the light at the end of the tunnel, very strongly. This demand is going to be incredible. I think next year is going to be an incredible year for our economy.

I think the fourth quarter is going to be really, really good, Kevin. We were talking about that before. You maybe will say something. And we're going to be in a transition quarter next quarter, the third quarter. And I think we'll do very, very nicely there, from an economic standpoint.

But thanks to the devotion of the American people, the number of new cases continues to decline. The United States has now conducted nearly 6 million tests, far more than any other nation, as I said. So many -- so many tests and so much has been learned about what we're fighting.

And if it does rear up a little bit in the fall or even a lot, we'll be able to put it out. We'll put out the embers or we'll put out the flames.

Two weeks ago, we released guidelines to give states a real strong indication of what we want and how we want it done. We've really had a good relationship with the states. Mike Pence has worked very, very hard with the task force. He's headed the task force, so importantly, with a great group of people.

And it's been -- it's just been incredible what's taken place over a very short period of time, including the gowns and all of the surgical equipment, and the safety equipment and masks. People don't talk about masks anymore; that's the other thing. They're not talking about masks. They were talking about "where are the masks," because we had a cupboard that was bare. We didn't have a lot of -- a lot of equipment or medical supplies in the cupboard that we inherited.

Now we're taking in millions and millions of masks. I'll give you a number that you won't even believe. We have an order: 500 million masks coming in. And we've delivered millions and millions and tens of millions of masks all over. So you don't hear about that anymore either. You don't hear about ventilators; you don't hear about masks. And you shouldn't be hearing about testing, but that's the last thing they can complain about, I guess.

You know, if we do -- if we do 2 million tests, they said, "How come you didn't do three?" Well, we do three and then they say, "How come you didn't do four?" That's like a -- that's like a dream for the media.

But we've done incredible with testing. And you'll see over the next coming weeks -- Mike, you maybe want to speak about that a little bit -- but over the next coming weeks, you'll see some -- some astonishing numbers. I don't know that all of that's even necessary because you have some governors that love the test. You have others that like doing it a different way, an old-fashioned way, with some testing. But we're going maximum testing.

We've encouraged the more than 30 states that have taken steps to resume economic activity already -- we've given them tremendous encouragement and support. We're backing them 100 percent. You know, many governors have called me, telling me their plans, laying them out: governor of Texas, Oklahoma, governor of Arkansas -- many, many governors. I spoke with Governor Cuomo. We had a great talk today on a different subject, but he wants to get open. Everybody wants to get open. They want to get open, and they want to get back to business. And their constituents, the citizens of this country, want to get back. And that's what's happening.

So I just want to perhaps start off by introducing our Vice President, and then we'll go around the table, and you'll introduce yourself and say a few words to the media. You're covered by a very serious media out here. The audience can't see it, but these are the most wonderful human beings. Actually, this is a nice group. I can't imagine. We actually have a nice group of people.

But, Mike, if you could say a few words, please, that would be great. And then we'll go around the table. Thank you.

Thank you very much, Mike. And I just -- before we go around, Puritan Medical Supplies , a wonderful company, will produce 40 million additional swabs per month starting in May. They've opened up a very big process, and that was funding authorized by the Defense Production Act. So that'll help the states. And again, we're there to help the states. A lot of states can buy their own swabs. It's not that big a deal. But we're here to help them. We want them to be successful.

We had, as you know, the governor of Louisiana in today and we told that story, which has been a really great story. And we had the governor of Florida in yesterday. And that was a great story. These were -- just incredible what's been happening.

So maybe we'll start with my left. And, Chris, do you want to take it --

-- and tell him about -- I know a lot about your company, but maybe a lot of people don't. Tell them the story.

Different.

That's great. Thank you very much. Great company. And you'll have it up and running again very soon. I know you very well and you're going to do a great job reopening. We're reopening Hilton, and we're reopening our nation. A lot of companies are very excited right now.

Steve, do you want to say just a couple of words about where we are with the different things, please?

Thank you very much.

Please. How are you doing?

What's number one?

Really? Good.

This one was here first. I know that.  That's great.

And thank you very much, Walt. We appreciate it.

Chris Reynolds? Chris, of Toyota.

Right.

So, Chris, what's Toyota doing in Japan? Are they open? Are they semi-open? What's happening in Japan?

Great job. You're going to have a great Olympics next year too, by the way.

A really great Olympics. Thank you very much.

Matt Maddox, please, of Wynn -- Wynn Resorts. Hi, Matt.

Great.

Great.

So, Matt, when do you think the Las Vegas Strip will be open? Do you have any idea?

And you have a lot of excess testing capacity. That's great.

Others have said that too.

Ron DeSantis said it yesterday.

That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Great job.

Say hello to all of my friends.

Josh Bolten, please. Josh? Business Roundtable.

And does a great job at the Business Roundtable. Thank you, Josh.

Thank you very much, Josh. That was great.

The numbers -- when you look at the stock market today, the enthusiasm is great. It's up very substantially, as you know. And I think people are seeing a very big year coming up next year, and I think they're seeing a very big fourth quarter.

Larry, would you like to say -- Larry Kudlow -- a few words, please?

And it's great to have you back too. Very talented guy. At least he made a lot of good predictions. Your predictions all turned out. Between you and Larry, that's a -- it's a tremendous team. Thank you both very much.

Gene, Secretary of a very important thing called Labor. What's more important than labor?

Okay. Any questions for our panelists, please?

Yeah. Please.

And I haven't seen that, because I will tell you, to me, I think there's a tremendous pent-up demand for people. I see it in Texas where they have lines going into stores. And a couple of restaurants, I guess, opened, and they're -- they literally have -- they have long lines. I think there's a tremendous pent-up demand.

I've been at the White House now for many months, and I'd like to get out, as much as I love this. This is the most beautiful house in the world, in my opinion.

But I think there's just a great demand to get out and, you know, get our country going again, and that includes going to restaurants and hotels. And I think you're going to find, Chris, that you're going to have -- do a lot of business that you're not even thinking about. I'm seeing it; I feel it. And I've felt a lot of things over the years, including, "Gee, I think I can win for President," you know?

And, frankly, I really feel that next year is going to be a very good year, economically. We're going to be back in business. So we'll have to see. I mean, only time will tell, but there's a lot of good feelings. And a lot of good decisions have been made by a lot of very talented people. So I'm feeling very much that it's going to be very successful.

Well, it's a big -- it's a big thing what happened just recently, where they came up with something that has a very substantial percentage. You know, it's a building block. Tony said it today; I thought it was very well expressed. He said that's a building block. That means it's a very substantial chunk of a step. And that's a building block to the ultimate step. That's a big building block, when you hear, I guess, 31 percent. So, it was very good.

Yeah, I want them to go as quickly as they can. Stephen Hahn -- Dr. Hahn has been incredible at the FDA. He's getting things done in record time. There's never been anything like it. And, yeah, we want it -- we want everything to be safe. But we do -- we would like to see very quick approvals, especially with things that work.

Thank you.

Well, we will step in if we see something wrong. We have given discretion to the governors. I've become very well acquainted with the governors. You have some very talented governors, frankly, and probably some that are a little bit less talented. That's okay. But it's a very talented group of people.

And they're working with us. We're helping them. Whether it's ventilators or swabs that they can't get, we're there. And we've taken in billions and billions of dollars' worth of equipment and distributed it to the states. And, you know, you -- you've heard the calls and we have no problems. We're doing really well, and we're backing them up.

But we want the governors to call those shots. If we see something that we don't like or that's bad or that's unsafe, we'll stop it immediately. Okay?

No, I don't see that. No, I don't see that. I see the new normal being what it was three months ago. I think we want to go back to where it was. I mean, when I look at a baseball game, I want to see people right next to each other. I don't want to see four seats in between every person so that the stadium becomes 25 percent of its original size. No. I want to see the NFL with a packed house. I don't want to see NFL with three seats in between people.

No, I want to -- I want to go back to where it was. That's where we're going to be.

Look, this thing will pass. And when it passes, that'll be a great achievement. And we -- we've done a very good job. It's far too many people, needlessly, because it could have been stopped at the point of origin. And somehow we weren't helped by -- whether it's World Health Organization or China, whoever, we weren't -- they didn't do what should have been done. Very sad, actually, for the whole world. It's a very sad thing. This is a very, very sad event. It's a war against the invisible enemy. And we're now on the other side, and we're -- I think what I want to see is I want to see where it was.

And I think we have a chance of an incredible year next year. Now, not if somebody is going to come in like our opponents and raise taxes all over the place. They want to raise taxes. That's -- that will kill something very fast. We have something that's very special. We built the greatest economy in the world, and I want to get that back as soon as possible. I think we can start getting it back very, very quickly.

Look at the stock market today, when it has that kind of -- Kevin and Larry -- when it has that kind of -- Josh -- when it has that kind of a bounce today, as much as it went up. But I think it set some kind -- almost a record over the last week, right? It's almost a record. And this is in the midst of something.

Now, we're not in the midst. They feel we're on the other side of it, or you wouldn't be seeing numbers like this. But -- so we're at 24,000. Maybe even a little above 24,000. And we were at 29,000. We never broke 30 on the Dow. So that's tremendous.

But what it really does -- you have a lot of very smart people. That means that they are looking to the future, number one. And I look at it as jobs. I also look at it as sort of guidance; it's a guidance, in a sense. It's -- the stock market. Who would think you could have a stock market at 24,000 after we've gone through the worst pandemic since 1917? That's over 100 years.

You know, this is the worst since 1917. So I think that's a great indicator. There are a lot of very smart people that understand that world very well and they have a lot of confidence in it, and that's some of the companies that were here -- public companies.

But it means jobs. It also means not only guidance; it means some really -- some people -- and I know some great investors -- people really have a lot of confidence in what's going forward. And that's what I see, and that's where I want it to be. Okay?

Yes, ma'am.

Well, you have to raise the rates on packages because they're losing a fortune on packages. They're losing anywhere from two dollars to three or four dollars a package every time they deliver. So, it's not fair. And it's not fair to the people that work at the Postal Service.

You have some of these companies -- the Internet retail. You look at that, and they drop millions of packages on the post office. The post office delivers a package, and every time they deliver a package, they lose from two to five dollars a package. And what kind of a business is that?

And you could never replicate the post office. The post office is massive. But they've got places and little sections of our country that no company could ever go to. That took hundreds of years to build the post office. And when you look at the size of it and you compare it to companies, it's much bigger than companies. I mean, much, much bigger. There's no company that's the size of that.

No, we want to stabilize the post office, and the way you do that is these companies are going to have to pay more, not the people. We're not looking for the people to pay. But the companies are going to have to pay a percentage of that -- that loss. You can't do that. The government shouldn't have to do it. I think the post office could -- wouldn't it be great if it could, after so many decades, break even?

But we're making a lot of people rich and a lot of companies rich by subsidizing these companies. On top of that, they don't pay the same taxes as a retail store. It's very unfair to the retailers. You look at these stores; the retail stores are being just clobbered. And there are so many disadvantages.

But, no, when we deliver a package at the post office, every package it delivers, they lose a lot of money. And that's not fair. Those companies should pay for it.

Steve?

And we're protecting our post office, by the way, and we always will. But we want our post office to be successful. We don't want it to be a laughingstock and a stupidly run organization, the way it's been for so many decades now. It's ridiculous. And then we make other people rich. We make other people rich because we're willing to deliver packages at a fraction of the cost, so other people gain by it.

And, by the way, and you're hurting a lot of other people because you're hurting retailers. You look at stores where the stores are -- they have to pay rent and taxes and all sorts of things that these companies don't have to pay. So, it's not a fair situation.

We want to take care of our taxpayers and we want to take care of -- very, very importantly -- the people that work at the post office.

Yes, please.

I don't think you should have sanctuary cities if they get that kind of aid. You know, if you're going to get aid to the cities and states for the kind of numbers you're talking about -- billions of dollars -- I don't think you should have sanctuary cities.

And, by the way, the people that have sanctuary cities, they don't like it. I think politicians like it a lot more. I -- I go to California. I go to lots of different places. And I have people with a very liberal bent saying they don't like sanctuary cities. They don't want criminals to be in sanctuary. They want -- they want -- they want security. They want safety.

And, you know, they want borders too. They don't want people pouring across into our country. And, you know, I was there a long time ago. The wall is -- is up to 175 miles built down. And it's -- the numbers are incredibly good because all of that 175 miles, nobody comes through. Nobody even comes close to coming through. Unless you have a climber of Mount Everest, but even they don't. It's not even easy for them, Josh. So it's -- it's been good.

But we let -- very important for you -- we want our farmers to be able to get their help. And we work it so it's actually easier for them to get in. You know, they've been taking some people that they've had for years and years. They'd come with the crops and everything else and -- that really have been great for the farmers. And we want that to continue and actually continue at an easier pace. We're working it so it comes in -- so that kind of help can come in even easier, which I think you have to tell your people.

Yes, please.

Well, number one, we shouldn't have to pay anything anyway because all they do is make it very hard for law enforcement. So that's number one.

But I think, in the bigger picture, I don't see helping cities and states if they're going to be sanctuary. Because all sanctuary means to me is it's protecting a lot of criminals and -- and others -- many people. But they are -- there are criminals. And, you know, you write about it all the time. I see stories every day where somebody is being totally protected. ICE can't get to them. Law enforcement can't get to them. You look at law enforcement; law enforcement hates sanctuary cities.

We want a safe country. We don't want people that are criminals -- and criminals from other countries, in many cases -- protected and you can't get to them. And then we're supposed to make massive payments to those states to bail out what they've done wrong over a 25-year period.

So, we'll see. That'll be a subject that will be discussed, certainly. Sanctuary cities. I think maybe it was brought up yesterday, and I made the statement and people were surprised to hear it, but they shouldn't be surprised.

Okay? Thank you.

Well, we talked about it. And, very strongly, Josh mentioned safety. Have to have safety. But at the same time, people want this country open. The people here want it open. And there is a danger to too much being confined to a house or an apartment or wherever you live. You can't -- and this -- we got to start moving along. And with all of the testing we're doing, with all of the things we're doing, you can do this now.

And governors are actually -- a lot of pressure is being put on governors right now by the people in their states. They want to get it open. And that's what you want. That's what we all want. And with all of the procedures and safety --

We've learned a lot about this hidden enemy. We've learned a lot. And there'll be pockets of fire, and we'll put them out. We'll put them out very, very quickly. But, you know, during this period of time, I think we've really learned a tremendous amount about how to handle it. Nothing easy, but we want safety.

So we want safety and we want economic -- where people can go and make a great living and go back to living the way -- I mean, you had people -- we had wonderful people in yesterday, where their business was going to be lost, other than what we did, Steve, with the great programs that we set up. Their businesses were gone.

One man, he was a chef with five children, and his mother lived with him and his wife. And he got -- he lost his job for the first time in his life. Some of you were there. And -- and you had others that were equally. So it was pretty -- pretty amazing. I thought it was a pretty amazing display of what we've done to help a lot of people. And you have millions of people like that. Millions that have been helped, where they wouldn't have a job right now and where the business -- the small business -- would have closed.

Now these are big businesses, but the small businesses would have closed. And I think it's great when -- when Wynn, which is a terrific group of people -- but when Matt says that, you know, we're supporting all of the people. I know what that is. That's a big -- you have all of your -- practically a full staff and you have no income. That's a big thing. That's a great thing. And I hope you're rewarded for that.

No, it's a tremendous thing.

Well, yeah. His target date is as soon as possible. Some states are already open. I mean, they're opening up rapidly. We have a number of them opening up on Monday. We have a number of them opening up sooner than that, as you know, and -- or at least partially opening. Some of them even very -- even with a very strong bent toward opening, they're opening up where they'll open a certain amount here -- restaurants at 25 percent, then going to 50 percent. Then, ultimately, we want to be back to where the -- where we're 100 percent.

We don't want -- we -- I had one restaurant owner come up to me and say, "Sir, you know, I'm going to be opening up, but if I distance too much, I have 50 percent of the restaurant I had." And I said, "And you'll also have a worse atmosphere." We want to be back where we can have -- we want it to be the way it was, because the way it was is the right way. We can't have somebody with a half a restaurant. You understand. He got 175 seats; now he's got half. That's not going to pay the rent or whatever.

Same thing with an owner. I was on the phone with the commissioners and some of the owners of sports -- of big-time sports. And he was talking almost like he was going to have two or three seats in between everybody that was there. And I said, "You know, you're not going to have to do that for that long. You know it's -- you're going to be back." And he said, "Really? I -- oh, really?" He was like --

I don't want people to get used to this because this virus is going to be gone. And when it's gone, you want to get back to normal. You're not going to have a stadium that's 30 percent the size of what it was three months ago. If I watch Alabama play LSU, I don't want to see 20,000 people instead of 120,000 people. We want it to be the way it was.

Now, we going to wait until it's gone. And it will be gone. And we've done a lot to get rid of it. But we -- we want to open our country. The people want this country open.

Yeah.

So, a lot of progress is being made on a vaccine. But you never know, right? You never know. You know, with SARS, they didn't come up with a vaccine. And sometimes they don't, and sometimes they do. I will say this: I don't think there was the same effort because a lot of people don't know what SARS is and some people do. But -- but they do come up with vaccines.

I mean, you look at what's happened, as an example, with Ebola, with AIDS, with others that have been so incredibly successfully -- if not eradicated, certainly it's been incredible what some of -- you know, with -- with what these people that I'm dealing with right now -- like Gilead today -- with, you know, what they came up with, as an example. That's far ahead of schedule.

So we're looking for vaccines. We're looking for therapeutics also. I mean, I think therapeutics, right now -- I'd rather -- if you gave me both, I'd rather have the therap- -- because that, you know, makes people better right now. Whether it's helping them along or makes them better almost instantly, we have to see. But there's tremendous work on therapeutics going on, and I think we're having some good results. One of them was -- was Gilead today.

Oh, I think -- yeah. I -- no, I think we're -- no, I'm not relying on that. I hope that's going to happen. Johnson & Johnson, Oxford -- you know, you hear a lot of very good stories. I'm hearing them really firsthand. Good stories. Very promising. But they have to test it. You know, maybe it's not safe. Maybe it eradicates it, but it's not safe. And, you know, they have to do testing with vaccines. Whereas the therapeutics, it's -- it goes a lot quicker, in terms of the process.

No, if you don't have a vaccine, if the virus is gone, we're like we were before. But having a vaccine would be a great thing. And I think we're going to get there in this case, just based on what I know, but we'll see what happens.

Look, the Gilead research has been -- I mean, that's gone so fast. That's gone at a level of speed that nobody has ever seen before. And that's a stepping stone. So, I think they're doing very well.

But, no, I want to get -- I want to get back with or without. But I want -- you know, obviously, we have to wait until it's gone. It will be gone. And we want to be back to where we were.

Yes.

It's going to go. It's going to leave. It's going to be gone. It's going to be eradicated. And it might take longer. It might be in smaller sections. It'll be -- it won't be what we had. And we also learned a lot.

Again, if you have a flare up in a certain area, if you have a -- I call them "burning embers" -- boom, we put it out. We know how to put it out now. But we put it out. And now we're equipped. Now we have more ventilators than anyone thought was possible. I mean, we're doing a tremendous service for the world right now. We're giving ventilators.

You know, we have -- we're making hundreds of thousands of ventilators in, I believe, nine different plants that made other products. In some cases, cars. In some places, other things. These companies -- General Motors; and -- and Ford, in another way; and GE; so many companies; Honeywell -- they've stepped up. 3M has been terrific. They've stepped up like nobody has ever seen before, and the job they're doing is great.

And I'll tell you, I think the job that they're doing on vaccines and on therapeutics has been great too. We'll see. I mean, we'll let you know about that in a little while.

Please. Anybody else?

What is it up to?

Well, we're not going to let our oil companies go and get in trouble. It's not their fault that they got hit by 50 percent less volume in one day. You know, one -- one instant, all of a sudden, these very great companies that are employing all these people.

So I'm talking to Steve and, you know, we're -- we just saved the airlines. The airlines were having the best year they've ever had. And then all of a sudden, they're like out of business? We can't let that happen. So we saved the airlines. That's done. We're saving other companies and industries.

And I would say -- Steve, maybe you can talk to it -- but I think the oil industry is one of the top on the list.

Well, we had a very interesting thing, because we had a lot of capacity -- meaning you can fill it up in the National Strategic Reserves. And, you know, it wasn't full. And we made a great deal.

If you would have told us that we could have had that filled up or it's on the way to being filled up at the kind of pricing that we're talking about, I would have said you have to be kidding. We're talking about 19 -- I'm not sure Chris is going to be happy about this, because it doesn't pertain to the hotel business -- don't get scared. But, you know, we're talking about like 1952 pricing. It's -- it's unbelievable. It's -- prices that are so low.

And, in some cases, we're storing oil and getting paid for storage because we have a tremendous capacity for it. So, what's happened with the Strategic Reserves is incredible.

Say it?

On -- on that?

Well, it's -- you mean a plan to help them out?

I would say shortly. I mean, right now, we're dealing with some of the big ones, but we're -- the big ones are very strong. They've been very strong over the years. I think that they're not going to have the problem.

But we have a lot of great people and a lot of great jobs in Texas and Oklahoma and North Dakota and other states that are great. It's energy. It's not -- I don't even call it oil; I call it energy. This is -- this is the backbone of -- of the world, really.

You know, you can talk all of the green -- I'm all for green. But the green can't power these massive factories that are being built in this country. It just can't. The windmills aren't going to be able to do it, and solar is not going to be able to do it. And I love solar, but it's not going to be able to do it.

And, you know, we're getting it for the right price, but we're not going to let our -- we're energy independent. We're not going to let our energy industry down. We're not going to let them -- and it's not our fault. It's not their fault. But we're not going to let anything happen to them. So we're working on that very hard.

I think protecting energy and energy independence -- to me, that's a very big part of what happened. You know, we -- energy has really helped me turn this country into the economic power that it's been, and we're not going to let that go.

And, sure, it's going to have a couple of bad years. We have a tremendous oversupply. The reason we have the oversupply though -- number one, it was a very efficient business. And -- but the reason we have it is because the demand got cut in half one day by this -- by this plague. One day, all of a sudden -- take a look at the roads, it goes from packed highways, everybody traveling, going all over, to no cars on the road. I mean, that was 25, 30 percent right there. But then there's other things -- factories that aren't working right now because of this.

We did a great thing last night, using the powers that we have to make sure that the processes and -- and all of the delivery of our food chain, that it was protected and safe. And those people -- we were on the phone with, all of them, this morning -- pretty much all of them, as you probably know. They were cheering -- literally cheering over the phone.

We did some good moves. Not moves -- not money moves, so much as -- as commonsense moves. Because they were being -- you know, they were being hurt by stupidity. And we have them really back online.

So I think that we put out -- that's called "burning embers," too. We put out a fire. So there'll be plenty of meat and pork and everything that you want. Yeah.

I think so. I think I'm going to Arizona next week. And we look forward to that. And I'm going to, I hope, Ohio very soon. And we're going to start to move around. And hopefully, in the not-too-distant future, we'll have some massive rallies and people will be sitting next to each other. I can't imagine a rally where you have every fourth seat full. Every -- every six seats are empty for every one that you have full. That wouldn't look too good.

No, I -- look, I hope that we're going to be able to do some good, old-fashioned, 25,000-person rallies, where everyone is going wild because they love our country. Okay?

Well, I'm going to Arizona and that's a little bit different. That's having to do with industry, because it's too soon for -- you know, for the big -- for the big -- everybody get together and stand next to each other crowds. But that'll be next week. I don't know, it -- it'll depend.

It also depends on states. You know, you have different states. Some states are really in great shape now, and some states will be in great shape.

But a lot of progress has been made. A lot of progress has been made. It's pretty incredible. Even -- if you look in New York, I spoke with Governor Cuomo at length today and, you know, they were on that other side of the curve. A lot less. It's been hit very hard. You know, it's -- it's New York and you probably would expect that, but they're on the other side of that curve. The -- the bed usage and the people coming to hospitals is way down -- much lower than it was.

So a lot of very positive signs are happening. Okay?

I hope so. I hope so. Look, we have a tremendous pent-up demand. They love what we're doing. They don't want to have taxes raised. They don't want to have stupid things happening. They like the trade deals. We've made great trade deals -- I mean, the greatest trade deals ever made in this country. And that's what they want.

And we have a lot of them that were lined up and ready to be done. Right, Kevin? We have deals that were lined up with countries ready to be done that were so good for our country, so good for our workers. And then this scourge came along and -- you know, that's the last thing people are thinking about right now. It's -- you know, we put them on hold for a little while.

But -- but, no, I hope to have -- I hope to see football games and baseball games and basketball. Now, ba- -- for basketball, you're going to have to have a little bit of time. I don't know what they're going to do. Maybe they'll be able to play sort of toward the finals or the playoffs or whatever they're doing.

I saw baseball is doing something very unusual. I don't know -- I don't know if I agree with it. I'd like to see the Yankees play at Yankee Stadium. I see they have some ideas for baseball that are very different. I guess I'm a traditionalist. But I think they'd be able to play at Yankee Stadium with obviously smaller crowds, and then the crowds would start to build as things get to be a little bit better.

But, no, I -- I think you're going to see some -- some big things happening. And, again, this is going away. This is going away. You know, I think we're going to come up with vaccines and all, but this is going away. And when it's gone, we're going to be doing a lot of things.

And again, you have to look. Other areas -- there are areas -- you know, we all look at New York and we see New York and New Jersey and some of these very high-density places where they're doing a very good job. It's just -- you know, it's not easy. But you have areas that are really at a very low point and -- and really heading -- I would say, heading south quickly, and that's what we want. So we'll see how it all works out. I think it's working very good.

How about one more. Anybody else?

Yeah, maybe. Maybe.

And maybe that's it. And I -- I cannot tell you how dedicated the people of this country have been, in terms of that. Yeah. You know one thing: If you stay in your home, you're not catching it. If you stay in your place and you don't go out -- you know, which is what people were doing. But they want to go out now. They want to get back. And they want to do what they have to do.

And some of the facts are coming out, and we did all the right moves. I'll tell you, we did -- we wouldn't do -- we were talking to Mike before. If we didn't do what we did, you would've had a million people die, maybe more. Maybe 2 million people die. And if you think that we'd be at 65 or 70 or 60 or whatever the final number will be -- one is too many. I always say it: One is far too many. This should've never been allowed to happen. It should've been stopped a long time ago, before it ever got here or to other countries.

But if you really think about it, you could've had -- I take a look at Elmhurst Hospital. I take a look at some of these places that I know, growing up in Queens, and I know them. Elmhurst Hospital. I know these places very well, like the back of my hand. And you see body bags lying all over the hallways and outside and going into refrigerated trucks. Multiply that number by 10 or 20 if we didn't do what we did. It wouldn't be acceptable. It wouldn't be sustainable. Nobody would've accepted that. It would've been a terrible thing.

We -- we've just -- we've done it right. I -- I can't -- I can't believe how incredible the American people have been, because they went out and they really did this, Chris. You know, when you think they went out and -- and they did what they had to do.

You know, there're -- every once in a while, a country like Sweden will be thrown out or Brazil. Now, Brazil is having a hard time because they -- you know, they're have a hard time. But Sweden -- the people in Sweden, they're not running around and shaking hands and hugging and kissing each other. You know, they're -- the bars are closed and the -- the people are staying in the house.

The Prime Minister doesn't have to -- doesn't have to say in Sweden, "Stay in your house." The people stay there automatically. And, you know, they're using that as an example, but they've been hit hard. They've been hit hard. But again, their prac- -- you call it automatic. I mean, it's automatic distancing. It's automatic protection. But places were closed, the bars were closed. You can't stand at the bars. You can't do certain things.

You know -- now, what we did was -- what we did is a great tribute to this country. But if we lost -- so if we lose 65,000 people -- it's so crazy to say it. It's just so horrible. But if we lose 65,000 people, and instead of that going the other route, we would have lost a million or a million and a half or 2 million. It's possible. It's possible that you lost more. But could you imagine? Look how horrible it is to lose 65 and then multiply that times many, many times. That would not be sustainable.

So, I think with all of that, I want to just thank everybody. And I want to thank -- these business folks are -- are just tremendously talented people. People have no idea how talented they are, the job they do.

And we're getting our way back. And we're getting our way back, I think, much faster than people think, and I think it's going to be a much more -- a much more successful launch than anybody would have thought. I really think next year is going to be a tremendous year. And I think the fourth quarter is going to be -- Larry, I think the fourth quarter is going to be fantastic. I can feel it.

Yeah. Yeah. I can feel the demand. It's -- it's going to be really fantastic.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.