REMARKS BY PRESIDENT TRUMP AT KIDS FIRST: GETTING AMERICA'S

CHILDREN SAFELY BACK TO SCHOOL

State Dining Room

Well, thank you very much. And we're here to talk about a very important subject -- education -- but also opening our schools. And we have some of our great teachers and parents and a very representative group, and we also have some extraordinary experts with us. I'd like to maybe start off by asking our Vice President to say a few words. And then, if you would, Betsy and Kellyanne. And we'll go around and talk to some of the parents and teachers. And thank you all for being here very much. Appreciate it.

Please.

But you like going back immediately, right?

A lot of people agree. A lot of people agree with you.

Thank you.

Very good job.

So sitting in isolation with a computer, looking at a laptop, is not the same as being out there in the real world?

So if you're a presidential candidate and you're sitting in a basement and you're looking at a computer, that's not a good thing?  Sounds like it would be the same.

I won't put you on the spot. I'm not going to put you on --

Thank you very much. A lot of truth to that.

That's great. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

And the concept of every other day seems a little ridiculous, right? If you're going to do it, you do it. If you're not going to do it -- the concept of going back, even from a management standpoint from the school, every other day seems very strange.

Okay, but you'd rather see them go back, period. Right?

You'd rather not see that at all.

Okay. Great job. Thank you very much.

That's great. Thank you very much. Well said.

Very exciting. Right?

Thank you very much. Say hello to everybody.

I know the area well. It's great.

And what I'd like to do is I'd like to see the money follow the student. If a school is going to be closed, and we're giving all of this money on the federal basis to a school, and if a student is going to go to a different school -- really, at the choice more of the parent, in all fairness, than the student; you know, where you want to go and what school you want to bring the student to -- I think the money should follow the student. And that's something that we want to do.

We're having a hard time with the Democrats. They want the money to follow the union, to be honest. It's very simple: "Give it to the union." But the fact is -- "Give it to dues." Because the union people are fantastic people in there, but the people that run the union, it's disgraceful, and the dues that they charge the teachers. And that's what it's all about.

So I would like -- anyway, I would like the money to follow the student. And this way, you can make your own choice if the school is closed.

You know, why are we paying if a school is closed? Why are we paying the school? I'd rather give it to the student, the parents, and you do your own thing. And, to me, it makes a lot of sense.

So, Mike, we'll let him know we're in favor of that. Tim Scott is fantastic, and the bill is really good. So why don't we do that, okay?

That's really well said. So, it's been a burden -- a tremendous burden -- and what you've been through has been a great burden, obviously. How do they change that? How do they change it? What would you recommend?

That's a lot of work.

Fantastic job. Thank you very much.

How did she do, Chris? Good?

Not too bad.

That's great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

That sounds like a good idea.

It is interesting because one thing we've learned during this horror show of the China plague is that virtual is not as good as being there. Virtual is just not the same thing. And, for a long time, we've been hearing how great it would be, how great it would be. Well, we've had the ultimate sample -- right? -- namely the whole country, practically, and it's not as good.

We've also learned that telehealth is very good. Telehealth is up 3,500 percent. It's doing great. Can you imagine that -- 3,500  -- where people can stay in their -- in their homes, their apartments, wherever they are, and they can not have to go to hospitals and doctors and everything else? That's been an incredible success. You know, who would have thought? That's become tremendous and really has been good.

But the virtual learning is not like being in a classroom, and we've learned that, I think, very strongly -- in almost all cases. People thought for a long time that would be the answer but it's -- that's not the answer. The answer is an old-fashioned one, isn't it? Huh?

Thank you. Great job you're doing in Florida. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

Very uniform, very interesting. And I think most people do feel this way, wouldn't you say so? I think most people feel this way.

We have a man with us who's a great expert from Stanford. He's working with us, he's consulting with us. And he's going to be at our press conference in a little while, at 5:30. But maybe Scott Atlas -- Dr. Scott Atlas could say just a couple of words. And we're going to be covering it in more detail in a little while, and you folks are -- if you're interested in watching, we'd love to have you.

Scott, please.

Thank you, Scott. That's very good. So we'll have more from Scott in a little while. We're going to meet together. And we've been working with him very closely -- all of the task force, all of the White House. And we've made a lot of progress. We've made tremendous progress. You see countries -- other countries are now blowing up, in terms of the -- the disease.

You call it what you want. So many different names for the disease, whether it's "China virus" and some I won't get into because I just get myself in trouble every time I do. But I'm -- I'm angry about it. And so everybody else in this country -- angry about it.

So we will have a press conference in a little while. You'll be seeing the doctor. You'll be seeing a few of the people, and I'll be making a statement. And I think that'll start at about 5:30.

I want to thank everybody very much for coming in and being with you. We're on your side 100 percent. We're on your side.

We'd like to also see football get going. We want to see college football. And I don't know what they're doing with high school football, but I guess it's the same kind of a thought process. So we want to see that happen. And I think some of it will happen. To a large extent, it's going to happen.

They want to do it. I'll tell who wants to have -- do it are the players and the coaches. They want to do it. I spoke with Trevor Lawrence, the great quarterback, and he's very smart. He understood it very well. He said, "Hey, I'm a lot safer on the field than I am being out there." And he -- he got it. He got it very quickly.

Coach O, I spoke with him. He's a -- he's some coach, that one. He's a great coach. And he -- he feels his players just want to be out there. So we've spoken to a lot of different people, and they want to get out.

And our country is opening up. We're opening up very strongly, if you look at retail sales numbers, car sale numbers, used car numbers, and employment numbers. We have -- we're hiring -- over the last three months, the most people ever hired in the history of our country. So you had a lower base, but nevertheless we hired a tremendous amount -- by far the biggest number of people ever hired during a three-month period, so -- for the quarter.

So I just want to thank everybody. We'll see you folks in a little while. And thank you very much. Appreciate it.

We'll . We'll talk about it  a little while. Too much respect for these people to discuss anything. Okay?