Well, thank you all very much. This is a very important day. I'll sign the single-biggest economic relief package in American history and, I must say, or any other package, by the way. It's twice as large as any relief ever signed. It's $2.2 billion, but it actually goes up to 6.2 -- potentially -- billion dollars -- trillion dollars.

So you're talking about $6.2 trillion bill. Nothing like that. And this will deliver urgently needed relief to our nation's families, workers, and businesses. And that's what this is all about. And it got a 96 to nothing. And, I don't know, what was the number in Congress?

A voice? It was fantastic.

That's pretty amazing. That's about the same thing. Right, Kevin?

So, that's fantastic. But I want to thank Republicans and Democrats for coming together, setting aside their differences, and putting America first. This legislation provides for direct payments to individuals and unprecedented support to small businesses. We're going to keep our small businesses strong and our big businesses strong.

And that's keeping our country strong and our jobs strong. This historic bill includes the following: $300 billion in direct cash payments will be available to every American citizen earning less than $99,000 per year; $3,400 for a typical family of four. So a family of four: $3,400. And then $350 billion in job retention loans for small businesses, with loan forgiveness available for businesses that continue paying their workers.

The workers get paid. Approximately $250 billion in expanded unemployment benefits. The average worker who has lost his or her job will receive 100 percent of their salary for up to four full months. So, things like this have never happened in our country. $500 billion in support for hard-hit industries, with a ban on corporate stock buybacks -- we don't let them buy back the stock; we don't let that happen -- and tough limits on executive compensation.

Over $100 billion to support our heroic doctors, nurses, and hospitals. And you see what's happening. And I want to thank, while we're here, also the incredible job that's done by the Army Corps of Engineers and by FEMA. It's been incredible. They did four hospitals in two days or three days, in New York.

And they're, like, incredible structures. What a job they've been doing. And they're doing them all over the country. $45 billion for the Disaster Relief Fund, supporting our state, local, and tribal leaders. $27 billion for the development of vaccines, therapies, and other public health response efforts, including $16 billion to build up the Strategic National Stockpile with critical stockpiles.

And I'm going to -- we have tremendous supplies coming into the stockpile, and you'll be seeing that and hearing about it in a little bit because we're doing a news conference at 5:30 on what's happening. We've had tremendous results on the respirators. We've had great results on just about everything we're talking about.

Boeing just announced that they're going to be making the plastic field shields -- the actual shields, which are hard to come by, and they're going to be making them by the thousands a week. And the ventilators, which is probably the most difficult because it's like -- it's like building a car -- we will be announcing thousands of -- are going to be built and we have them under contract and we have fast deliveries.

As you know, we delivered thousands to New York. And unfortunately -- they were delivered to a warehouse, which was good -- unfortunately, they didn't take them, but now they're taking them. New York is now taking them and redistributing them around the areas that they need. So you have also $3.5 billion to states to expand childcare benefits for healthcare workers, first responders, and others on the frontlines of this crisis, and $1 billion for securing supplies under the Defense Protection Act. And, as you know, I've enacted the act.

We've used it three or four times. I pulled it back three times because the companies came through, in the end. They didn't need the act. It's been great leverage. I have instituted it against General Electric. We thought we had a deal for 40,000 ventilators and, all of the sudden, the 40,000 came down to 6,000. And then they talked about a higher price than we were discussing, so I didn't like it. So we did -- we did activate it, with respect to General Motors.

And hopefully, maybe we won't even need the full activation. We'll find out. But we need the ventilators. I said hello today -- I called him -- a wonderful guy, Boris Johnson. As you know, he tested positive. And before he even said hello, he said, "We need ventilators." I said, "Wow. That's a big statement." And hopefully, he's going to be in good shape.

I just spoke to Angela Merkel, and she's quarantined also. She is right now, for a period of two weeks, being forced to stay in her house. So this is just an incredible situation. Last night, I spoke to President Xi. We talked about the experience that they had in China and all of the things that have taken place.

And we learned a lot. They've had a very tough experience, and they're doing well and he's doing well. President Xi is doing very well. But we learned a lot and we have great communication together. We're going to be sent great data from China -- things that happened that they see that -- you know, they've had a -- they've had an early experience, and we're getting all of that information.

Much of it has already been sent. It was sent yesterday and sent to our scientists to study. So we'll have more on that also. We'll be discussing that at 5:30. I just want to thank the people behind me. They've been incredible friends. They've been warriors. They -- there's nobody tougher or smarter than the people standing alongside of me. And I think I want to start off by asking Mitch and then Kevin to speak, and then we're going to go through a few of the folks in the room if they'd like to say something.

But, Mitch, I'd like -- I'd love to say a few words because you -- this man worked 24 hours a day for a long time. This is the result. It's the biggest ever -- ever approved in Congress: 6.2 bill- -- $6.2 trillion. So, you know, we used to get used to the billion. It used to be million, then it was billion, now it's trillion.

And it's going to go a long way. It's going to make a lot of people very happy. Mitch McConnell, please.

Thank you. I'd love to shake your hand, but Anthony would get angry at me if I did that.  So I better not do it. I can't -- it's so natural. I just want to go back and shake his hand. They've done such an incredible job. Kevin, please.

Very special. Mike Pence? Mike? Could you please say something? You've been working very hard, in charge of our task force. And then I'd like to ask Steve to say a few words.

Thank you very much, Mike. And Steve Mnuchin, you know how hard he's been working. And, Steve, please say a few words.

Great job, Steve. Gene? Please.

Thank you, Gene, very much. Dr. Fauci, you may want to just say for a minute what hit the world. Something hit the world, and the world maybe will never be the quite same. But we're going to make it a great place anyway. But certainly, you could maybe say a few words about it, please.

Thank you, Tony. Thank you very much. Deborah, perhaps you could say a few words or so about --

Great job you're doing too. Thank you. Kevin, please.

And I'm just saying, as Kevin is saying that, 20 days ago -- a couple of days longer than that, maybe -- we had a smooth-running, beautiful machine. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We had the highest stock price we've ever seen. It went up, I think, 151 times during the course of the presidency.

And then we got hit by the invisible enemy, and we got hit hard. But it wasn't just us, it was 151 countries, I think, as of the -- as of this morning. And you call Germany and speak to Angela -- she's in quarantine. And as you know, Boris was diagnosed that he's positive. And all of the things that are happening, it's hard to believe what's gone on just in a short period of time.

And because of the talent behind me and lots of other talent in government, what we've done -- this is a big part of it, obviously, but not the biggest part. Everybody has pulled together. Our nation has pulled together. The spirit is incredible. The people have pulled together more than anyone and better than anybody.

And they're doing really, really well. But just to think how life can change where you go, 20 to 22 days ago, everything is perfect, we're looking forward. I'm saying, "When are we going to hit 30,000? I want 30,000." That means more jobs and more everything. And then, one day, we get hit with this thing that nobody ever heard of before.

Nobody ever even heard of before. And now we're fighting a different battle. But I really think, in a fairly short period of time, because of what they've done and what everyone has done, I really think we're going to be stronger than ever. And we'll be protected from a lot of this. A lot of the things, Anthony, that we've done now -- that we're doing now -- are going to protect us in the future if this should happen again.

From testing to so many other --

Even stockpiles. Right?

Yeah, the vaccines, hopefully. And vaccines, cures, therapeutics -- whatever you want to call it -- it's a lot of progress. And I think on that score, I think we're going to do a lot of progress on vaccines. We're making, perhaps, a lot of progress on cures and therapeutics. We'll be letting you know. Anybody else have anything?

Greg, please. Go ahead, fellas.

No, it's not.

Yeah.

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it very much.

Thank you very much. And, you know, Eric worked so hard. You all know Eric. And he was at Steve's side the whole way. And where is our man? Do I see Larry? Yeah, Larry. The two of them. How about Eric and then Larry say a couple of words and

Thank you very much. And Steve is going to work very hard on getting the money out quickly, and hopefully it can be distributed very quickly, especially when they have some old computer equipment that they have to use. But you're going to work on that very hard.

Larry, please. Larry Kudlow.

I think that too. I think we're going to have a tremendous rebound at the end of the year -- toward the end of the year. I think we're going to have a rebound like we have never seen before. Even now it wants to rebound. You can see it, feel it. It wants to rebound so badly. And, you know, we've had those really big -- I guess, the biggest-ever stock market surge two days ago.

And yesterday, it was great. Three biggest days in the history of the stock market. It wants to rebound so badly, but we have to get rid of the bug, we have to get rid of the virus. Now, I'm going to sign this, and it's a great honor -- $6.2 trillion. I've never signed anything with a "T" on it.  I don't know if I can handle this one, Mitch.

We can't chicken out at this point, can we?.  I don't think so, huh? All right. Thank you all.  Good. I wanted them to be a nice signature.  Come on, fellas. Come on over here. Elaine. What a job she's doing with transportation. How's transportation?

Okay?

I do.

I do.

Anthony? Thank you. Thanks, Tony, very much. Bob Lighthizer, thank you very much. Bob was a little less involved in this. He's too busy making trade deals. Okay? You have one? You definitely have to have one. Go ahead. You're all set. Thank you, everybody. So we're going to have a 5:30 news conference in the same location.

Seems to be doing quite well. And we appreciate everything. And we really appreciate the fairness, at least from most of the press. We really do. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.

That's right.

Well, he made a little joke about a man named Congressman Massie. I thought he was totally out of line -- Congressman Massie. Because of that, I guess a lot of people had to come back, and they had to go into a place, which, frankly, we're not supposed to be at, you know, in light of -- of what we're doing with Deborah and Tony and all of the professionals.

So people had to come back, and just no reason for it. So John Kerry made a little joke out of it, and I agreed with his joke. And I said, I never knew he had that kind of a personality. But we actually put it up, and he was right. Okay, we'll see you in a couple of minutes, folks. Thank you very much.