Well, thank you very much. Please. This afternoon, I'll sign a proclamation declaring the month of May to be Older Americans Month. I don't know if I'm in that category. I have a feeling I am. But I feel good. And our country is making a lot of progress, Alex -- I want to tell you that. Making a lot of progress.

As we honor the incredible contributions of our nation's seniors, we are here today to discuss the unprecedented steps we that we're taking to protect them from the virus. I'll also announce vital new actions to safeguard our nursing homes and most vulnerable citizens as we gradually and safely reopen our country. And it's very exciting to see what's happening.

We're joined today by Secretary Alex Azar. Thank you. Secretary Robert Wilkie. Robert, thank you very much. Administrator Seema Verma. Thank you. Great job. FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor and Chief of the National Guard Bureau General Joseph Lengyel. Thanks also to Tennessee Governor Bill Lee, my friend. Thank you very much, Bill. Great job you're doing. It's great being with you, too. And many outstanding advocates for America's seniors who are here with us today. Thank you all very much.

As we tragically have seen, the virus poses the greatest risk to older Americans. Together, as one nation, we mourn for every precious life that has been lost. And there have been many. There have been many. We're so saddened by it.

Through aggressive actions and the devotion of our doctors and nurses, however, we have held our fatality rate far below hard-hit other countries such as Spain and Italy and United Kingdom and Sweden. We're way below other countries.

We're deploying every tool, resource, and power at our disposal to protect our seniors and Americans of every age and background.

Early on, we implemented lifesaving travel restrictions and directed billions of dollars toward the development of therapies and vaccines. And that's moving along rapidly. We've moved at a speed that people are absolutely stunned to see. We accelerated treatments including remdesivir, which is reportedly showing encouraging preliminary results. That was the very big story yesterday. It was announced by Gilead.

In early March, my administration advised all nursing homes to suspend all medically unnecessary visits to help slow the spread and protect our seniors, and especially in our nursing homes. They are -- they're having a hard time in those nursing homes. We took action to step up enforcement of infectious disease standards at nursing homes all across America.

We also acted swiftly to secure our veterans' healthcare facilities and deployed hundreds of VA staff to help out in nursing homes nationwide. And we're being helped very greatly by the passage of all the things that we got passed, Robert, especially Choice, so that people can go and see their doctor when they have to and especially our seniors.

We provided nearly one billion dollars in grants to support home-delivered meals, in-home care, and other services that make it impossible  for older people to just do what they want to do. We're helping older people with disabilities, and we're helping them to live independently.

We dramatically expanded access to telehealth -- a very big deal -- for Medicare beneficiaries. The number of Medicare patients using telehealth has increased from roughly 11,000 a week to more than 650,000 people a week. So that's from 11,000 a week to 650,000. That's almost an impossible number to believe, right? But it's really -- it's really something. They get used to it, and a lot of that is going to be staying with us long after this horrible scourge is gone.

Medicare is also paying for labs to provide seniors with at-home testing, when appropriate, at zero cost to patients.

We've ensured a ventilator for every patient who needs one. Nobody who's needed a ventilator has been without a ventilator. It's an incredible achievement. And we now have thousands and thousands of ventilators. And other countries are asking us for help, and we're helping other countries: allies and some that aren't necessarily allies, but they're in big trouble. And we're helping other countries now with ventilators.

Same thing with masks. We have millions and millions of masks. That was something, four weeks ago, was difficult, and now we have millions of masks coming in and already here.

The federal government is also funding over 35,000 members of the National Guard to help states deliver critical supplies to nursing homes and to assist with disinfecting and testing.

I'd like to ask General Lengyel to please come up and say a few words about the work of the National Guard. It's been really fantastic. Thank you.

General, please.

Thank you very much, General. That's great. Four stars. That's a lot of stars. Very impressive.

That's right. But that's okay. That's very impressive. You deserve them.

I do want to say, you mentioned the word "governor," and we've had a lot of great success and relationship with the governors. We've dealt with our governors very, very well. We have really, I think, gotten to understand each other, know each other. In many cases, really like each other. And that's worked out very well.

We had Phil Murphy here from New Jersey -- the Governor of New Jersey, today. Wonderful man. A lot of progress is being made there. And we had John Bel Edwards yesterday from Louisiana, and Ron DeSantis the day before, from Florida, with just tremendous progress. Three very exceptional men, and they're doing a really good job, as you know. As you know. So -- and we have others coming in. They'll come in one or two a day. And we're seeing them, and whatever we can help them with, we help them with, and we help them with very -- very quickly, General. Right? So it's been very good.

My administration is doing everything possible to support the state-led management of nursing homes. And here today is a governor who I happen to like a lot, and he's done a fantastic job in a fantastic state -- a state that I happen to like a lot; it's called Tennessee. For some reason, they like me. I haven't figured that out, but they like me in Tennessee. So that's good, Bill.

Please come up. Governor Bill Lee, please.

Thank you.

Thank you, Bill. Thank you very much, Bill. Great governor, by the way.

As we take steps to safely reopen our country, we must remain especially vigilant in sheltering the most vulnerable older Americans. To that end, today I have several important announcements.

First, in addition to all of the supplies we've already distributed, FEMA will send supplemental shipments. And I have to tell you, Pete, what a job you've done. Everybody was -- at the last call with the governors, so many of the governors said, "I want to thank him for calling... " -- he called on Easter morning and he's calling them all the time. And you call them on Sundays and you call them every time -- all the time. And I'll tell you, they really appreciated it. They really do. You've done a fantastic job. Pete Gaynor, FEMA.

But FEMA will send supplemental shipments of personal protective equipment to all 15,400 Medicaid- and Medicare-certified nursing homes in America. Right, Pete?

Second, CMS is providing states with $81 million from the CARES Act to increase their inspections of nursing homes at this very critical time. We have to do that. We have to do that. It's a -- that's a spot. That's a spot that we have to take care of. I guess you could call it a little bit of a weak spot, because things are happening at the nursing homes, and we're not -- we're not happy about that. We don't want it to happen. So we're checking that out very carefully and very methodically.

Third, this week, we'll be finalizing a new rule requiring information about coronavirus cases in nursing homes to be reported directly to CDC and testing data to be posted online so everyone gets to see it. This rule also requires nursing homes to report cases to residents and their family members.

And finally, to ensure that our nursing homes are prepared for any future outbreaks, we're announcing the Coronavirus Commission for Safety and Quality in Nursing Homes. This commission will be composed of leading industry experts, doctors, and scientists, resident and patient advocates, family members, infection and prevention control specialists, and state and local authorities. It's a big deal.

The Commission will convene in May and issue recommendations for further steps we can take to protect our nation's seniors. My administration will never waver in its relentless commitment to America's seniors. We owe them a sacred and unbreakable obligation, and we will fulfill that obligation with every resource and power that we have. We are working very hard with our seniors, and we're working very hard with our nursing homes. And great progress is being made and will be made. That, I can promise you.

That's also why we are strongly protecting Medicare and Social Security. We will protect your Social Security. We will protect your Medicare. We will protect you, as American citizens. And that goes even beyond seniors. We're protecting this country.

Our cherished seniors enrich every aspect of our national life. These great citizens have dedicated their entire lives to our families and our communities and our countries. Our country could not be anything near where it is without our incredible seniors. We'll show them the same love and loyalty they've shown us and they've shown our nation every day of their lives. No effort will be spared to give America's seniors the care and support and devotion and love they have earned and that they deserve.

In a few moments, I'll sign a proclamation design- -- designing a very special -- we've designed a very special plan. And it's going to designate Older American Month. So this is Older Americans Month.

But first, I'd like to ask Secretary Azar, Secretary Wilkie, Administrator Verma, Administrator Gaynor to share what their department and agencies are doing to help our nation's seniors.

So, just come on up, and maybe you could say a few words. And you've made a lot of progress.

Alex, why don't you start? Thank you.

Incredible job. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Thank you, Robert.

Thank you. Seema, do you want to tell them that you're going to have some big news very soon on insulin?

This is a big -- this is a big deal.

Some big news. Great news. Good. Thank you.

Pete.

Thank you, Pete. Great job. Thank you very much.

Okay, thank you all very much. I think we'll sign. If you'd like to come up, come on up. Come on up.

Well, thank you very much. And if you'd like to have some questions maybe on this, and we might venture into different territory also, I think.

John, please.

I guess.

Not a wise one, but it's an invitation.

Yeah.

Well, I really have to talk to the Vice President. But I'll tell you what: General Flynn was under enormous pressure and it was an artificial pressure, because what they did to General Flynn was a disgrace. It was a total disgrace. It's shocking. And I hear even more information came out today. What they tried to do to destroy him and to hurt this presidency was -- perhaps in our country's history there's never been anything like it. An absolute disgrace.

But I'll rely on what the Vice President said. I can say this -- and I think you understand this, Jon, very well: What happened to General Flynn should never happen again to a citizen of this country.

Yes, please.

Well, it looks to me like Michael Flynn would be exonerated based on everything I see. Look, I'm not the judge, but I have a different type of power. But I don't know that anybody would have to use that power. I think he's exonerated everything -- I've never seen anything like it. What they did, what they wrote -- you see this, General; you wouldn't want this happening to you what they did to General Flynn. And it's just disgraceful.

So, you know, I guess we'll get to that maybe someday or maybe not. Hopefully we won't have to get there.

Well, I think he's a fine man. I think it's terrible what they did to him. It's something that nobody has asked me, but you're asking me for the first time. I would certainly consider it, yeah. I would. I think he's -- I think he's a fine man. I think he's got a great family. He loves his son.

I will tell you, his son was around a lot, and he loves his son, as people generally do. And they did everything possible to destroy him. And he's still breathing very strongly, but they really hurt him very badly. Very -- very unfair.

Kristen?

Well, we'd -- look, I mean, I'm not even -- this is really the first time I've been asked the question, but I think he'll be fully exonerated one way or the other. And so, certainly he'd be capable of coming back. He suffered greatly.

Could you lift that up a little bit?

Yes. Yeah.

Well, it's just, he's saying the facts. I mean, he's not talking about other things that I talk about in my speech today, that I speak about all the time, and that's death.

It's horrible that -- what this country has gone through and what the world has gone through, frankly. This is something -- it could have been contained at the original location, and I think it could have been contained relatively easily. China is a very sophisticated country, and they could have contained it. They were either unable to or they chose not to, and the world has suffered greatly.

But what Jared was talking about and what I talk about a lot is, no, I don't think anybody has done the job that we've done, other than at public relations, because the press just won't talk about the facts.

We had a ventilator problem that was caused by the fact that we weren't left ventilators by a previous administration. The cupboards were bare, as I say often. And not only are the cupboards full now, we have ventilators; we're the king in the world of ventilators. We have thousands and thousands of them now being delivered. You were at the news conferences over the last few days. The governors never -- they said we've never had a case where we couldn't get a ventilator. And a month and a half ago, people -- you -- were screaming "ventilator, ventilator."

I'm just looking at the test numbers. We have more tests -- we have given more tests -- and the high-quality tests -- than every other country combined. And I say it. The friend of mine, South Korea -- President Moon -- called me. You know, they talk about South Korea, and they've done a really good job. But he said, "What a job you've done." And this a much bigger country, you understand. He said, "What a job you've done on testing."

So the testing and the masks and all of the things, we've solved every problem. We solved it quickly. But to think that now we're giving thousands of ventilators to other countries -- allies -- and other than allies, to be honest -- but we're helping other countries where people are dying because we have ventilators and nobody else does, to this extent. And it's a great tribute.

I mean, Deborah -- we were talking about that before. Deborah Birx, Dr. Birx has been fantastic. She's a fantastic person, a fantastic woman. And we talk about the things that we've done in a short period of time. I mean, all you heard about was ventilators. That's a hard thing. We energized factories that didn't build ventilators. They were building cars and other things, and now we're building thousands a week. And it's been very spectacular. It's been really spectacular.

So, yeah, I think -- I don't think anybody has done a better job with testing, with ventilators, with all of the things that we've done. And our death totals -- our numbers -- per million people are really very, very strong. We're very proud of the job we've done. We had very little to work with because the previous administration left us very little.

Please, go ahead.

Go ahead. Why don't you go, and then you can go?

Well, I need it, and I sign it, and we do have executive orders and they help us a lot and they've helped up a very lot here.

We also signed things having to do with production. As you know, I've used that very, very powerfully -- the Act. And oftentimes, I didn't have to use it; I just had to talk about it.

No, I'm only signing when we want something, where we want -- when we need additional manpower or brainpower or whatever it is we're looking for at the time. But we -- again, we've done things that I don't think anybody else has been able to do what we've done. And this is a big country too. This is a very big country, as you know, and I'm very proud of the country. I'm very proud of the way they they've stepped up.

Now, things are opening. As an example, Governor Lee is doing a great job in opening up Tennessee, and he's opening it up rapidly and safely. I think -- he said to me, "Two words I think about: safe and rapid." And I think "safe" was the first one you mentioned, in all fairness, but it was safe and rapid.

He's doing it quickly and safely. And Tennessee is a great story. But we have other governors -- friends of both of ours -- that are doing, really, a good job.

I will say this: Governor Murphy and Governor Cuomo have a tougher situation because that's really a hotbed. That's a -- it's very, very dense area. People don't realize it. I think New Jersey, believe it or not, is the single-most dense area in the country. Who would think that? But the governor has done a terrific job.

And Governor Cuomo, likewise, is working very, very hard and speaking to me all the time. And whenever we can help him, we do. And we're helping him, and he's helping his state. That's what he has to do.

Thank you.

I think the operation is doing really well. I think that things are being discovered that you wouldn't have thought possible.

The Abbott machine -- Abbott Laboratories a great, great scientific company. They came up with a machine that I would say, two months ago, nobody ever heard of this machine, and all of a sudden, boom, people come into my office, they get tested; it takes them five minutes, and they feel very good. Some of them have never been tested.

But these are, you know, equipment and -- equipment and tests that nobody ever thought even possible three or four months ago were being -- are being used commonly now. I looked at the numbers, and we're over 6 million tests. And you add up everybody together; they don't have anywhere near that.

So it's an incredible thing. And it'd be great if the media could really portray it the way it is, because we've done some unbelievable work. And when somebody uses the word "successful," I mean, it really has been successful. It's been very successful.

But if you look at mortality and mortality rates, you know, in this country, it's a very sad thing to be talking about. Whoever thought you'd be talking about such a thing? Two months ago, it was impo- -- all we talked about was the economy, how well it was going. But today we have to talk about that.

Our country has really stepped up. Our generals have stepped up and our admirals have stepped up. By the way, Admiral has done a fantastic job, as you know.

And, you know, we're very proud of everybody. This whole room has been very amazing.

Okay. Who's next?

Well, China doesn't want to see me elected, and the reason is that we're getting billions and billions of dollars -- many billions of dollars a month from China. China never gave our country anything. China gave us nothing. Not 10 cents. And whether it was Biden in charge of China, which was a joke because he ripped off -- they ripped off our country for eight years. And in all fairness to Biden and Obama, this went on long before they got into office. I mean, you can go through many administrations until I came along.

And then we signed a trade deal where they're supposed to buy, and they've been buying a lot actually, but that now becomes secondary to what took place with the virus. The virus situation is just not acceptable.

I don't -- I don't want to put any -- cast any dispersions. I just will tell you that China would like to see Sleepy Joe Biden. They would take this country for a ride like you've never seen before.

Go ahead. Please.

They are looking at it and they're taking a very strong look, and we'll be reporting to you very shortly. I will say this: Obviously, this is what it is. It's this period of time. But I think -- I view the third quarter as a transition quarter. And I think you're going to have a very strong transition and then I think the fourth quarter is going to be incredibly successful. I think next year we're going to have a phenomenal year, economically.

Well, I don't want to say that. I don't want to say that. But certainly, it could have been stopped. It came out of China, and it could have been stopped, and I wish they stopped it. And so does the whole world -- wish they stopped it.

John?

Say it?

Right.

That's right.

Well, we're looking at a lot of different things. I brought this up before it was done. This was a Democrat point. And I said, you know, some people are going to be treated unfairly and some people will be treated -- you know, they didn't get into the kind of formulas, the way I saw it. I said exactly that this was going to happen.

But when you think about it, it's basically we're being generous with people that -- it's short term. And we're being very generous with people that lost their jobs or potentially would lose their jobs.

So it's not the biggest problem that I've ever heard of. They're getting a little bit more money. In some cases, they're getting more money than they thought they would have gotten. A lot of employees are saying, "No, the job is more important." Because the employer is not going to forget that. And -- but it was something that I brought up at the beginning and nobody wanted to listen.

Yeah. Please.

No, I don't think so. I don't think they're going after him hard with regard to Tara --

I don't -- I don't know anything about it. I don't know exactly -- I think he should respond. You know, it's -- it could be false accusations. I know all about false accusations. I've been falsely charged numerous times. And there is such a thing.

If you look at --

If you look at Brett Kavanaugh, this is an outstanding man. He was falsely charged. What happened with him was an absolute disgrace to our country. And I guess three of the four women have now admitted that. And of the fourth -- give me a break. I mean, take a look: 36 years. That is -- look, this is a fine man. I saw a man suffering so unfairly -- I'm talking about Brett Kavanaugh.

So -- but I don't know. I can't speak for Biden. I can only say that I think he should respond. I think he should answer them.

Yeah, go ahead. Please.

Well, they could have done it. And I'm just saying -- well, one of two things happened: They either didn't do it and, you know, they couldn't do it from a competence standpoint, or they let it spread. And I -- you know, I would say probably it was -- got -- it got out of control.

But, you know, there's another case that: How come they stopped all the planes and all of the traffic from going into China, but they didn't stop the planes and the traffic from coming into the United States and from coming into all over Europe? I mean, look at Italy. Look what happened to Italy. And it's very lucky. This country is very lucky, and I'm very lucky that I put the ban on China, as you know, very early on.

In January, we put the ban on in China and that was a very early day. That wasn't a late day; that was an early day. Then we later put the ban on in Europe. And if we -- if we didn't do that, as Alex knows, we would have had a problem like you wouldn't have believed. We would have had a problem much bigger. But then you take a look at what happened to Italy: A lot of those people went to Italy instead. And that's been a very, very tough place, Italy. Very, very big.

No, I don't want to do that. I want to find out what happened. I think we'll be able to get a very good, very powerful definition of exactly what happened. We're working on it strongly now and I think it's going to be very powerful. But they could have stopped it. They are a very brilliant nation -- scientifically and otherwise. It got loose, let's say, and they could have capped it. They could have stopped it. But they didn't. And -- but they stopped planes from going to China, but they didn't stop them from going to the rest of the world. What was that all about?

Jim?

Well, what's changed is the following: We did a trade deal and everybody was very happy. There's nobody ever been tough on China like I've been tough on China. I got elected, at least partially, because of borders and military and different things, but one of the things I'd say is how China and other countries are ripping us off.

So recently, we signed a trade deal with China, a number of months ago. China is buying billions of dollars' worth of our product, our farm product and other product, manufacturing product, and it's been a great deal. But then, we noticed a virus. And it's not acceptable what happened. It came out of China, and it's not acceptable what happened.

And now what we're doing, Jim, is we're finding out how it came out. Different forms -- you know, you've heard all different things. You've heard three or four different concepts as to how it came out. We should have the answer to that in the not-too-distant future, and that will determine a lot how I feel about China.

But when I was -- of course. I was very rough with China. I mean, Biden, as an example -- the previous administration, they let China rip off this country like nobody has ever ripped off this country.

Now, what I did, is I took that --

Jim, I took that and I made it into a great deal for our country. But after that, all of a sudden, we heard there's a virus and a virus is coming in. That changes my mind very greatly. That's a whole different thing. So you can have good trade deals -- that was earlier on, the trade deal. I made the trade deal earlier on. And it's a great deal.

We're -- we're take it in billions and billions of dollars of money in different forms, including the fact that we have a 25 percent tariff on $250 billion. It's a tremendous amount of money. Some of that money I've given to the farmers because they were targeted by China. And I gave $12 billion. I gave $16 billion. And this year, we're going to be given -- giving approximately $19 billion to the farmers.

But --

Well, something happened. Something happened. I don't say misleading or not. I'll let you know that. I mean, I'll be able to give you that answer at some point in the, hopefully, not-too-distant future.

But I will tell you, you take a look at what happened to this world. A month and a half, two months ago, we had the strongest economy in the history of the world. And all of a sudden, I have to close the economy, I have to close the country.

So, we've had tremendous death and tremendous sorrow and sadness, and nobody's ever seen anything like it. And so have most of the countries of the world. Most -- think of that: most of the countries -- 184, you tell me. It's probably low right now because I've been saying 184 -- 184 countries. They've suffered tremendously. It's something that is going to have to be dealt with. We're going to have to sort it out.

Say it?

Nobody said that. I mean, I would -- I would not mind doing that. I would say, not only the White House flag, we could -- we could do that. In fact, it's something that I will be talking about later. And we have a meeting on various things; that's one of the topics and we're going to bring that up. So I think lowering the flags would be something very appropriate.

Of course I am. I don't think anybody can feel any worse than I do about all of the death and destruction that's so needless. Nobody. But I also have to make sure that we handle the situation well. Nobody is thinking about it more. Nobody -- nobody has spent more time, late in the evening, thinking about what's happened to this country in a short period of time.

But, at the same time, we have to get our country open again. And we're doing that step by step. Tennessee, as an example -- it's step by step. We're opening up our country. And I really believe that next year we can be, maybe, even beyond -- we have a lot of stimulus. And maybe even beyond. We'll see about, by the way, package four -- phase four. But I really hope that we can be as good or better. I built it once and we're going to build it again.

John? Go ahead, please.

Who was that? What was that that said that?

Yeah. But who -- who, in particular? Who was the man that made that statement?

Oh, he would know that, huh? National Intelligence. Okay. So, we'll see.

No, I -- No, I think -- I think it's -- I mean, you'd have to tell me who specifically, who made the statement.

Okay. We'll see. I mean, I have to see the statement and I just haven't seen it.

Because we're looking at that, John, separately from -- we're looking at exactly where it came from, who it came from, how it happened, separately and also scientifically. So we're going to be able to find out.

Yes, I have. Yes, I have. And I think that the World Health Organization should be ashamed of themselves, because they're like the public relations agency for China. And this country pays them almost $500 million a year, and China pays them $38 million a year. And whether it's a lot or more, it doesn't matter. It's still -- they shouldn't be making excuses when people make horrible mistakes, especially mistakes that are causing hundreds of thousands of people around the world to die. I think the World Health Organization should be ashamed of themselves.

Well, I have the right to do that. But sanctuary cities, especially at a time like this, that's a very dangerous thing. Our law enforcement hates it. They hate it. They want -- we want safe cities. We want a sanctuary, but we want sanctuary for our citizens. And we don't want sanctuary for criminals that came into our country illegally, and they have big records and records -- I won't go into the type of crimes, but the crimes are the ultimate in evil, in many cases. No. We don't want them to have sanctuary in our country.

We want to have strong borders. Look, I say it again: We want to have strong borders. I've been saying this for a long time. And I think people are agreeing with me. I really do. I think people are agreeing with me. The Democrats want to have open borders, where people just come in. And you're not only talking about coming in from a crime standpoint, you're now talking about coming in with not only the disease that we happen to be talking about so much lately, but other diseases. And they want to have open borders. They want people to pour into our country from no -- from who knows where they come.

No, we're not doing that. We have a very strong border now -- our southern border. And every day, it gets stronger because we're building miles a day of very, very powerful wall. And that's a great thing for our country. That's so important for our country. And very few people are arguing with it.

Yeah, please.

So it is a war, and I define victory when it's gone and we open successfully -- we have a successful country again. Now, it can never be a total victory because too many people have died. All over the world, people have died --in our country, in every country. I'm looking at the new list of countries. Look at what's going on with Russia. Look at what's going on with -- Spain is so, so incredibly harmed and injured by this. So many people are dying.

This is -- this is not something where you'll go to your traditional, "Gee, this was an experience." This is not an experience. This is a very bad experience.

But what I want is: We want the virus gone and we want to have a vibrant economy. We want people back. We don't want people necessarily sitting -- like these incredible people in front of me -- where they're sitting six feet apart instead -- I mean, I want our country back. I want people to go, you know, out and see football games and baseball games and basketball and hockey and golf and all of these sports, and not worry about getting sick and violently ill.

One of the things that was very interesting -- you probably saw it; we put it out before -- though was Sweden. And you compare the deaths in Sweden to Denmark and Finland and Norway and -- you know, I hate to say it, but the deaths are very, very substantially higher in Sweden because they've used that as an example. Brazil is very high, if you look at what's gone on -- the graph -- graphically -- very, very high. Very straight up, almost. Right, Deborah? Very straight up.

A friend of mine, a great gentleman, President of Brazil, he's really a friend of mine. He is a great man. But they're having a hard time. They're going herd. Sweden went herd. But you know when they say "herd," it's really -- in Sweden, in particular, the bars you can't go to, certain areas you can't go to. A lot of the people are saying -- well, the Prime Minister doesn't have to say, "Stay in your apartment. Stay in your house." They're staying there. They're not leaving.

So, you know, it's really not quite what was reported. But the number of deaths are tremendous in Sweden, compared to the countries that surround, where they did -- where they did very strong lockdowns. And we were discussing that, Deborah, before. It's a very big difference. It's a very big difference.

But again, Sweden didn't go really "herd" as you understand it. And also the people of Sweden -- very smart. They're staying in the houses. They're staying in. They're not going out and, "Let's... " Now, are some? Yeah, I guess. Some. But they've lost a lot of people in Sweden.

Yes, John.

Yeah, I'll get you in a second.

Sure.

We're going to see what it is. You're talking about the virus and where it came from?

No, we're going to see where it is. We're going to see where it comes from. And you know -- look, you know every theory, whether you had the theory from the lab, you had the theory from many different -- the bats, and the type of bat, and the bat is 40 miles away, so it couldn't have been here and it couldn't have been there. And we have a -- there's a lot of theories. But, yeah, we have people looking at it very, very strongly.

You have scientific people, intelligence people, and others. And we're going to put it all together.

And I think we're going to have a very good answer eventually.

And China might -- might even tell us. China may tell us.

I can't tell you that. I'm not allowed to tell you that.

Jeff, go ahead. Please.

Well, I can do it differently. I can do the same thing, but even for more money just by putting on tariffs. So I don't have to do that.

You know, it's appr- -- it's approximately a trillion dollars -- a little bit more, as I understand it. A trillion dollars. But we can do that in a, I think, probably a little bit of a more forthright manner. You start playing those games and that's tough. You know, we have the dollar to protect. We want to protect the sanctity of the dollar, the importance of the dollar. It's the greatest currency in the history of the world. It's become stronger.

We have a very strong dollar. That's why we're borrowing at zero -- zero interest rate. You know, with all of the stimulus that we're talking about, we're -- that sounds good though, General, doesn't it? We're paying zero interest so, essentially right around zero, but zero. And you want to protect -- it's a very good question.

You know, you say, "Oh, gee. You owe us. We owe you a certain amount of money. We're going to keep it." But when you start playing that game, you're really hurting the sanctity, the importance of the greatest currency on Earth. But we can do it in other ways. We can do it with tariffs. We can do it other ways, even beyond that, without having to play that game. That's a rough game.

So, what's happening is the Democrats have come to us, and they'd like to do a phase four. And we'll think about what's happening. They want to help the states. They want help -- bailouts. And, you know, bailouts are very tough. And they happen to be Democrat states. It's California. It's New York. It's Illinois. You start with those three.

And the Republican states are in strong shape. You know, I don't know. Is that luck or is that talent? Or is it just a different mentality? But the Republican-run states are in strong shape.

Look, I looked today, when I spoke -- I spoke with Ron DeSantis. He was here yesterday, as I said. And Florida is doing incredibly. Texas is doing incredibly. These states are doing unbelievably. They don't know about the word "bailout."

We had a call from a governor of South Dakota. And they have one of the finest-run states. They have a, I think, a constitutional amendment they're not allowed to -- you know, they have to have a balanced budget. And they have a balanced -- a totally balanced budget. They just have a sales tax. That's about the only tax they have is a sales tax. I mean, think of that. So, it's a whole different thing.

But Republican states are doing very well. Maybe the Democrats should have brought this up earlier, when we wanted certain things. And they did, and we said -- and I said specifically, "No, let's look at it later on down the road." But they'd like to do something.

They want to do infrastructure. I can understand infrastructure. Think of it: We've spent $8 trillion in the Middle East, and we're not fixing our roads in this country? How stupid -- how stupid is that? And we're not fixing our highways, our tunnels, our bridges, our hospitals even, our schools even? It's crazy.

But -- but they want to do things, and the Republicans are in a much better position, from a -- you know, I don't want to use the word "negotiating position," but we really are. We're in a negotiating position that's different because they want to bail out various states. Illinois is in big trouble. The governor understands that -- Pritzker. He understands that. But Illinois is in big trouble.

Is it fair to do that and then have states that are very powerful and strong like Iowa and Idaho -- I mean, take Idaho. Look at -- look at all of these incredible states, and look at what's going on and how successful they are.

So, you just take a look. And we're going to look at it. We're going to look at it. I think we want to take a little bit of a pause. But if we do that, we'll have to get something for it. Okay?

Kristen, go ahead.

No. I'm just -- it's an idea that he has. He threw that out as an idea. I've spoken to him about it very strongly. And we're going to see what happens. We'll take a little bit of a pause. We'll see what happens. But some states are in trouble.

I spoke today -- I was with a wonderful man, a great gentleman, a wonderful human being; I think Bill knows him too, from New Jersey -- Governor Phil Murphy. And we talked about it. You know, New Jersey is a -- it's a wonderful state. I have to say: It's a wonderful place. But it's got a lot of difficulty, in terms of the economics and the debt, the costs, et cetera. So it's in a different position than some of the other states that we could mention. We could mention them all day long.

Well, I'm going to have to see. I am going to Arizona. I look forward to that. I'll have to see the climate. I mean, I'm going to look and see, you know, where I am. Here is a place that we all feel very comfortable. Everybody is spread out and it's a very big room.

But as far as where I'm going in Arizona, I'm going to have to look at the climate. I'd have no problem wearing a mask. I don't know. I'm supposed to make a speech. I just don't know: Should I speak in a mask? You're going to have to tell me if that's politically correct. I don't know. If it is, I'll speak in a mask.

But -- but I have a -- I'm going to be making a speech in Arizona. I look forward to it. And depending on the conditions, I would have no problem wearing a mask. And we have millions of masks now. You know, we have masks coming in that -- there was another thing. I mean, it was very hard to get masks. We now have -- and we're making millions and millions of masks. They're opening plants, and it's been incredible.

Go ahead, please.

Well, I didn't hear what he said. I can only tell you that I see it. I think it's going to be a transition quarter -- the third quarter. I think the fourth quarter is going to be very good, and I think next year is going to be fantastic because of the stimulus.

And I haven't seen his statement, but I think we're going to have a great year next year. Knowing that we left behind a year of tremendous death -- tremendous death. It was a -- just a terrible thing, the likes of which we haven't seen, I guess, if you go back over 100 years -- 1917. And that was a terrible thing. But that was close. Depending on your -- your account or the account, anywhere from 50 to 100 million people died -- 1917. So, we haven't seen it. It's over 100 years.

And so, understanding that that was terrible, I think that next year from a -- from an economic standpoint -- I mean, look at the stock market. People are amazed. The stock market is at over 24,000. Well, it was at 29,000; it's 24,000 now. Is that even possible, considering what we've gone through? Because people are very smart. They're very -- many of these people are very brilliant, and they look and they see a great future.

The other thing: The dollar is very strong. So when we go out and do stimulus packages, we're oversubscribed at zero. I mean, think of it: You get your money back at zero. It's a pretty incredible thing. The euro is having a hard time and it's much smaller. The dollar has really become -- the dollar is king. And the dollar is at a position now -- it's just a very powerful -- it's a very powerful thing, the dollar. Other currencies are very -- in big trouble. They're really in big trouble, whereas the dollar is very powerful, very strong.

So the good part about that is if you do go out, and if we do want to do stimulus or whatever we want to do, we're borrowing at zero and the dollar is very strong.

Okay, Jim.

Yeah. Yeah, I don't -- I don't want to go into that. We're going to see.

So far, I think China has been trying to be -- or at least they seem to be trying to be somewhat transparent with us, but we're going to find out. You'll be learning in the not-too-distant future. But it's a terrible thing that happened.

Whether they made a mistake or whether it started off as a mistake, and then they made another one or -- did somebody do something on purpose? Say, "Hey... " You know, I don't understand how traffic, how people weren't allowed into the rest of China, but they were allowed into the rest of the world. That's a bad -- that's a hard question for them to answer.

Yeah, please. Go ahead.

Well, I understand what's going on and I just can't talk about Kim Jong Un right now. I just hope everything is going to be fine. But I do -- I do understand the situation very well.

Please.

Well, I'm making a trade deal with China. This was before the virus. Of course I'm going to be complimentary.

Now, I was very uncomplimentary prior to that negotiation. And then, every once in a while, the negotiation would break down because I'm not like Kerry, who signed the worst deal -- the Iran deal, which was such a disaster. And he never left the table. I left the table a lot.

Anyway, we ended up making a deal. And, of course, during the course of the deal I was both complimentary and very uncomplimentary. But the bottom line is: We ended up making a deal before the virus came. And I was very happy with the deal. But then later on, that was superseded by a virus that should not have happened. Well, I just want to thank you all very much. And we'll see you probably tomorrow sometime. Thank you very much.