So, thank you very much everybody. Alice Johnson has been just incredible. She's gotten out; she's recommended people to us. She knows many, many people that have put -- been put in prison, and -- whether they should have been or not. She knows that they were put in for too long.

Alice was given a life sentence.

And you spent about 22 years?

And -- for something that, today, a lot of people wouldn't even be going to jail for. And it was -- it was horrible. And we found out about it. And we gave a commutation; that means we were able to get Alice out. And she has been just so outstanding, and I'm so proud of you.

And we're giving Alice a full pardon. I just told her. We didn't even discuss it. We just -- you were out there; I saw you in the audience last night. And I asked the folks if you could bring Alice over, and we're going to give a full pardon. We're going to do it right now.

That means you have been fully pardoned. That's the ultimate thing that can happen. That means you can do you whatever you want in life. And just keep doing the great job you're doing.

Alice had done an incredible job since she's been out, and -- recommending other people. We said, "How many people are they like you?" There's only one Alice, as far as I'm concerned. But how many people are like you or your circumstance, where they were given this massive sentence? And they're good people, great people. And she said, "So many. They're in jail. So many."

And she's looking for those people, and she's recommending those people, and we've already done some that you know -- that you know are good people. And they've done really well since they've been out.

So we're taking Alice from a commutation to a full pardon, and I'm going to sign it right now. And we're very proud of Alice and the job you've done --

-- what you represent.

And Pastor Robert Jeffress -- unrelated, but he was here. And we thought maybe I'll sign this, and then maybe you'll like to say a prayer.

And maybe you could include the media because they need it probably more than we do. They definitely need it more than Alice.  That I can tell you. Okay, thank you.

So, Alice, it's a full pardon. It's been signed. You might want to keep that one. And here it is.

Pastor, please.

Thank you very much, Robert. That was really --

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Alice, thank you very much, and congratulations. It's a real honor.

It's a real honor.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.