Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to be with the governor of a fabulous state, Arizona. It's Doug Ducey, and we know him well. And we've had a tremendous relationship. He had a tremendous, big, very big election victory. And he has done an incredible job on COVID, or COVID-19, or about 19 other names we can call it. It's got probably more names than anything else you can think of. And he was hit very hard, and he's -- and he hit back even harder.

And I'd like to have Doug explain it a little bit. And you -- perhaps you both want to explain it, but you've done a fantastic job. We're very proud of you. We love the people of Arizona, and they are very proud of the job you've done also, Doug.

So maybe you can -- and this is some of the things that we've provided, which is a lot. When Doug would call, I'd take his call, and he was always asking for a lot for Arizona, and that's the way a good governor should be.

So, Doug, please.

Right.

Right.

And what are you down -- because the percentage down is incredible. What -- how much did you go down, percentage-wise?

Right.

Right.

Yeah. Right. Right.

That's great.

That's really great. Great job.

Deborah, you said something really great about Arizona before. What would it be?

So you're proud of the governor, you said before.

Yeah. No, you really did.

Right. It's amazing.

And you had a great representative over here, and you taught us a lot. You really came up with some --

Would you like to say something in front of all of these wonderful people?

How is that working, the remdesivir? How is it going?

That's what I'm hearing.

Right.

That's fantastic. Huh? Wow. Proud of you. That's a great -- that's a great success.

Yeah, more to do, but that's a really --

Fantas- -- really, a fantastic job in Arizona. We appreciate it.

Does anybody have any question for the governor? And we're going to have a news conference at 5:30, so you can ask a little bit there.

Please.

Well, I haven't discussed it with the Governor. I can tell you: In Florida, they've done a very good job with it. In Nevada, it would be a disaster. In New York, it's been a disaster. In many other places, it's been a total catastrophe.

You know what's going on in New York with the Carolyn Maloney. I think they have to have a new election. They've -- you have no idea. That fraud, all sorts of many ballots. Paterson, New Jersey, I guess it's 25 percent or 20 percent of the vote is tainted.

You can't have that. You can't have that. So it's okay -- absentee voting: Great. But this mail-in voting where they mail, indiscriminately, millions and millions of ballots to people, you're never going to know who won the election. You can't have that.

And Nevada is a big state. It's an important state. It's a very political state, and the governor happens to be a Democrat. And I don't believe the Post Office can be set up. They were given no notice. I mean, you're talking about millions of votes. No, it'll be a -- it's a catastrophe waiting to happen.

Again, all you have to do is look at the vote that took place on a simple congressional district, in an area that should be able to do it very easily, in Manhattan. It's a total -- it's a total -- what's happened, it's a nightmare. Nobody has ever seen anything like it.

Look at Paterson, New Jersey, and look at other locations. We can't have that. You'll never know who the winner is, but the winner is going to be me.

So we'll see you at 5:30, and we can talk about it a little bit more.

I just want to finish by saying: We're very proud of the Governor and we are very proud of Arizona, because, in addition, the people had to help you, and they did. They're really great people.

And don't forget, if you look at what they're doing in Nevada: no signature. You take a look at the signature, and there's no verification of signature allowed. I don't know if you do that --

-- but there's no verification of signatures. So they don't even know who's going to sign this. They have literally a clause that you don't have to verify the signatures -- that they don't have to do it.

So right there, it's no good; it's defective. Two -- two votes in an envelope -- in a single envelope. It -- this is a thing that will be a disaster like never before. So we'll see what the court has to say about it.

Arizona has been doing this for a long time, and it's been refined. Even if -- if Nevada wanted to do it well, they wouldn't have enough time. I'm sure the Post Office doesn't have enough time. Millions of ballots, all of a sudden, coming out of nowhere. You know, voting starts in a very short period of time.

So, in Florida, they've done a good job. In Arizona, they've done a good job, but they've been doing this thing and refining it for years. This is something that's put in -- but think of this: no verification of the signature. Well, who's going to sign it? They don't even verify who's going to sign it.

So it's -- I'm sure the courts will treat it very fairly. Let's see what happens. Thank you all very much. I'll see you in a little while.

I'll see you later. I'll be talking 5:30. Thank you. Thank you very much.