So thank you very much. We have a very important briefing being done by Homeland, and Pete Gaynor at FEMA, and some other great officials, including, of course, our Vice President, who has done such a terrific job -- Mike Pence.

And if we might, I think we'll start maybe with Pete, and you can tell us where we are, where we're going, and what kind of season we're going to have with respect to hurricanes.

Okay, sure. Go ahead.

What makes you think that those numbers would be correct? Very much of a projection, right?

So you think we could have a slightly enhanced hurricane season. That's just what we want.  That's just what we want. Let's see. Hopefully, that won't be the case, but we'll see.

Pete, would you like to say something? I think FEMA has been incredible. What they've done in terms of COVID, the hospitals, and all of the work you've done. What do you -- what do you think about the upcoming season? Are you ready?

So without COVID, you would have been pretty much on average?

Big difference.

That's a big difference in terms of preparedness. All right, great. Really good job.

A big percentage of that money last year went to Puerto Rico too, didn't it?

A lot of money went to Puerto Rico.

Wilbur, go ahead, please.

Okay. Thank you, Wilbur. Good job you're doing.

Mike, please.

Right.

We're always ready. Good. Thank you, Mike.

Chad.

And while Chad is here, maybe we'll talk about Mexico and the border. We are setting records on the border, in terms of low numbers. Very few people are getting in. And when they are in, we take them immediately out. And we're using emergency powers.

Mexico is having a very, very hard time, as you know, with COVID, especially along the border --

-- with Tijuana and various places along the border. And fortunately, we have brand-new wall along there, and the wall is saving us.

We're up to almost 200 miles of wall. We'll have, by end of the year, close to 400. By early next year, we'll be close to 500 miles. And wherever we have the wall, it's like not a problem. It just ceases -- virtually ceases as a problem. What a difference it's made.

So we're up to almost 200 miles. Mexico does have some great, great, big problems with COVID. You read about it this morning: They're at their record number. They had a very high number. Even if you look worldwide, it's a very high number.

Sadly, the area along our border is the highest -- their highest percentage of cases and problems. And we are not letting people into our country. So I want you to know that.

Brazil now -- we have the ban on. The ban has been put on, and it's a very strong ban, except we do have Americans that we have to allow -- like I did with the China ban, we do have to allow people to come back into the country. We can't be that tough, where we don't allow United States citizens to come back in. But they come back in under a very strict -- whether it's a quarantine or not, we test them and we go through a process.

You may want to tell them a little bit about that, please.

And we're sending hundreds of ventilators to Mexico. I spoke with the President, and we're helping them with the ventilators. And we're also dealing with Brazil with ventilators and other things. We try to help Brazil as much as we can.

And so we're -- you know, we -- great relationships, but they're very high -- high numbers. Mexico has high numbers. Brazil has very, very high numbers. So it's a -- it's a very sad situation. It should've never happened. China should have stopped it at the source, but they didn't do that.

So great numbers along the border -- really record-low numbers. And if somebody does cross, we bring them out and bring them back to where they came from. Okay?

We'll be giving another press conference in about a half an hour in a subject very dear to your heart, and you know what that subject is. And tomorrow, we're going to be having a press conference on China. So we'll be making certain decisions and we'll be discussing them tomorrow.

So I'll see you folks in 20 minutes. Okay? Thank you all very much.

Very close. We're going to be at that number. We could even be higher than that number. But you have to understand we were stopped for a long time with the Democrats. They didn't want -- they want open borders. They want people to flow into our country.

And all of a sudden you stopped hearing that a little bit because they realized that we were right. I was right. And we have a very strong border. We have a very powerful southern border.

And with all of the delays -- yeah, we're going to have, I would say, close to 400 mil- -- 400 miles by the end of this year. And, shortly thereafter, we'll have over 500 miles of border wall -- okay? -- which is the number that I said. That's the number, as you know -- consistently -- that's the number. Anything around the 500 mark was about the number we wanted to be. And I think we're going to go up to 536, but let's say 500.

And every place where we have the wall, we have no trouble whatsoever, other than if it's in the end, where they can go this way. But we have good guard -- and, frankly, Mexico has really helped us. They have 26,000 soldiers right now on the border doing -- doing that for us and for them. But we have 26,000 Mexican soldiers right now at the border not allowing people to come in. Okay? Good.

I'm going to be signing an executive order in 30 minutes or less. Okay?

Thank you very much.