Great to be here. Great to be with the Governor. We've been speaking a lot about the problem, and it's a big problem, and it'll get solved. We want to pay our love and respect, and we say "God bless you" to those that were killed in this horrible fire, because it's a series of fire. You put them together, and it's a big monster, Gavin. Right?

But we are showing and give unwavering support for the people of California and, I have to say, for the state of Washington and Oregon, who we're very much in touch with -- also declaring your declarations. We have declarations for all three. The governor of California called me up, and we immediately signed the declaration. I think a lot of people would take a lot longer, but we wanted it fast. And I want to thank all of the FEMA people for doing such a great job. We really appreciate it. They've been fantastic. They've been fantastic.

And thank you to Gavin Newsom; Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Chad Wolf; FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor; and all of the people -- state and local leaders. They join us today.

And we're having a separate news conference, a little bit later, on some other subjects. And I just want to thank everybody. It's been pretty amazing.

In August, I approved a major disaster declaration for California. I've approved, I think, Gavin, about 40 Stafford Act declarations -- so, very quickly, because we want to get this thing taken care of -- including fire management assistant grants to help multiple states stop the fires. More than 28,000 firefighters and first responders are combatting the fires in California, Oregon, and Washington. Over 230 soldiers are fighting the August complex fire, and that's the largest fire in California. That's the big one. That's the biggest.

And we want to thank all of the brave fighters. We want to thank these incredible people. The first responders, service members who are racing to the extreme peril, really, of their lives, and extreme danger.

Soon after the event, I'll present the Distinguished Flying Cross to seven military heroes who recently braved raging fire and suffocating smoke to save lives. So we have seven people that were recommended very strongly by your representatives. And we're going to give them a very nice medal -- a very important medal for -- a U.S. medal that's very powerful, very important. So I know you like that.

Together, we'll keep the people safe. I want to thank the governor for the job he's done. We've had great coordination, great relationship. I know we come from different sides of the planet, but we actually have a very good relationship. A good man.

And, Governor, would you like to say something? Please.

That's right.

Absolutely.

Chad, please.

Well, they're doing a great job, and they really have over the years. We've -- it's a tough -- it's a tough battle, but they've never let us down. Incredible what they're able to do, and the risk and the danger.

Pete Gaynor, please. FEMA.

That's great. Thank you, Pete. Great job. Let everybody know what we think. Incredible job.

So, Wade and Thom, please.

Okay. It'll start getting cooler.

You just watch.

Well, I don't think science knows, actually.

Thom, please.

Yeah, I'd love that. Thank you.

And why is that? Why are you doing that?

Really?

Would those trees have died anyway from the beetle kill?

So they were largely dead, or the area was largely dead in terms of the trees?

Do you view that differently? When the trees are dead and the whole area -- because I know the beetle kill has been terrible.

So do you view that differently? And now you're going to be clearing it or doing whatever

you're going to do?

But those trees are dead and, therefore, they're very flammable, very explosive.

So why is -- because of the thickness, the power of tree? Why aren't they burning?

And they're very wet.

Are you losing some Redwoods or almost none?

No kidding. That's something. I never heard that before.

So, with time, they could go, but the fact is they don't go with the fires. That's a fantastic --

That is so incredible.

Think of that. Yeah.

So your giant Redwoods are where? What area? The giant Redwoods.

And they're in good shape?

Will the bark regenerate on the outside, eventually?

Do you see a big difference?

Will that change with time, where you don't see it? Or will you always know there was a fire there?

You'll always know, on the Redwoods.

Yeah.

Well, that in itself is a shame, when you think, right? That in itself is a shame, so. That's an incredible story. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Mark, would you like to say something?

Right. Right.

How many individual fires do you have?

So when you add them all up, this is about as big as it's ever been, right?

So we all put them out -- most of them were put out early?

Yeah.

Right. Right.

That was a bad one.

We were there together. Let me ask you, in Paradise -- so did they have -- it was like a blowtorch, right? Because the winds are 85 miles an hour. Nobody has ever seen anything like that. So that was different. Has there ever been anything like that in terms of the power and the heat?

I see. So that creates the heat also. That's incredible.

Would you like to say something, please?

That's right. That's right. That's a big problem isn't it, huh? How is that -- how is that going?

Good.

Good. That's a lot of -- that's a lot of utilities that are burning up though.

Go ahead.

So what's going to take the place of that generator? What -- what are you going to do?

So you'll be able to fix it and restart it?

It's big damage? Big.

I see.

I love hydro -- hydroelectric. I love. I think it's great. You must like that. I love it. I love the hydroelectric. Go ahead. Please.

Right.

Right.

And your state government. Right?

That's going good, right?

I have no doubt. Good.

We had to mention that.

So you're working well with everybody.

Okay.

Good. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.

Please.

Will that population come back?

Right.

Good.

Well, Gavin is working on that with me. And we -- you know, you make money, too. You're cutting down trees. You're thinning it out and you're selling those trees for a lot of money. And it's really pretty good in a lot of ways.

And I guess the -- one of the things are the cuts. The big -- whether it's 50 yards or 100 yards -- but the cuts to stop it from spreading. And that's always tough environmentally, but, you know, they can do it in a way that's pretty good. And I think now the environmentalists have come a long way after watch- -- you know, watching this.

The ones that really want to take care of a problem, they've come a long way.

So they'll be thinning it out then. You're working a plan to thin it out.

Good.

Good.

Good.

Yeah. Well, I'm all for it.

That's something I feel so strongly about. You can knock this down to nothing. You know, you go to Europe and different places in Europe -- countries where they're forest countries -- and they're very, very strong on management and they don't have a problem. They really don't have with, as they say, more explosive trees than we have in California.

So, thank you very much for your comments. But we're working on that very hard together. And I think we're totally in sync. I really think we're totally in sync.

We're going to see you in a few minutes for the award ceremony. So thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.