Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please sit. Thank you. This is without question the latest news conference I have ever had.  Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it very much, and -- I wanna thank the American people for their tremendous support. Millions and millions of people voted for us tonight, and, uh, a very sad group of people is trying to disenfranchise that group of people, and we won't stand for it.

We will not stand for it. I wanna thank the First Lady, my entire family -- and Vice President Pence, Mrs. Pence, for being with us all through this, and we were getting ready for a big celebration. We -- we were winning everything -- and all of a sudden it was just called off. The results tonight have been phenomenal, and we are getting ready, I mean literally, we were just all set to, uh, get outside and just celebrate something that was so beautiful, so good, uh, such a vote, such a success.

The citizens of this country have come out in record numbers. This is a record. There's never been anything like it, to support our incredible movement. We won states that we weren't expected to win. Florida, we didn't win it, we won it by a lot, and -- We won the great state of Ohio. We won Texas. We won Texas.

We won Texas by 700,000 votes, and they don't even include it in the tabulations. It's also clear that we have won Georgia.  We're up by 2.5% or 117,000 votes with only 7% left. They're never gonna catch us. They can't catch us. Likewise, we've clearly won North Carolina.

We were up 1.4%. We're 77,000 votes with only approximately 5% left. They can't catch us. We also, uh, if you look and you see, uh, Arizona, we have -- a lot of life in that, and somebody said, somebody declared that it was a victory for s -- and maybe it will be. I mean, that's possible, but certainly there were a lot of votes out there that we could get because we're now just coming into what they call Trump Territory.

I don't know what you call it, but these were friendly Trump voters, and that could be overturned. The gentleman that called it, I watched tonight, he said, "Well, we think it's p -- fairly unlikely that he could catch." Well, fairly unlikely -- and we don't even need it. We don't need that. That was just a state that if we would've gotten it, it would've been nice, Arizona, but there's a possibility, maybe even a good possibility -- In fact, since I saw that originally, it's been changed, and the numbers have substantially come down just in a small amount of votes, uh, so we want that obviously to stay in play, but most importantly, we're winning Pennsylvania by a tremendous amount of votes.

Yeah. We're up 600 -- think of this, think of this, think of this. We're up 690,000 votes in Pennsylvania. 690,000. These aren't even close. It's not like, oh, it's  With 64% of the vote in, it's, uh, gonna be almost impossible to catch, and we're coming into good Pennsylvania areas where they happen to like your president, and it's  So, we'll probably expand that.

Uh, we're winning Michigan by, uh, I'll tell you, I looked at the numbers -- I said, "Whoa." I looked, I said, "Wow, that's a lot." By almost 300,000 votes, and -- 65% of the vote is in. And we're winning Wisconsin. I said, "Well, we, we don't need all of 'em. We need -- " Because when you add Texas in, which wasn't added, I spoke with the really wonderful governor of Texas just a little while ago in Greg Abbott, he said, "Congratulations." He called me to congratulate me on winning Texas.

And then he, we won Texas. I don't think they finished quite the tabulation, but there's no way. And uh, it was almost complete. But he congratulated me. Then he said, "By the way, what's going on? I've never seen anything like this." Can I tell you what? Nobody has. So we won by 107,000 votes with 81% of the vote.

It's Michigan. So when you take those three states in particular, and you take all of the others, I mean, we have, we have so many. We had such a big night. You just take a look at all of these states that we've won tonight. And then you take a look at the kind of margins that we've won 'em by. An all of the sudden, it's not like we're up 12 votes and we have 60% left.

We won states, and all of a sudden, I said, "What happened to the election? It's off." And we have all these announcers saying, "What happened?" And then they said, "Oh -- " Because you know what happened? They knew they couldn't win, so they said, "Let's go to court." And did I predict this, Newt? Did I say this?

I've been saying this from the day I heard they were going to send out tens of millions of ballots. I said exactly. Because either they were gonna win, or if they didn't win, they'll take us to court. So, Florida was a tremendous victory. 377,000. Texas, as we said. Ohio. Dig this. Ohio, a tremendous state, a big state, I love Ohio.

We won by 8.1%, 469,000. Bigger. Almost 500,000 votes. North Carolina, big victory with North Carolina. And so we won there, we lead by 76,000 votes with almost nothing left. And all of a sudden, everything just stopped. This is a fraud on the American public. This is an embarrassment to our country. We were getting ready to win this election.

Frankly, we did win this election. So our goal now is to ensure the integrity, for the good of this nation. This is a very big moment. This is a major fraud on our nation. We want law to be used in a proper manner. So we'll be going to the US Supreme Court. We want all voting to stop. We don't want them to find any ballots at 4 o'clock in the morning and add them to the list, okay?

It's, it's a very sad, it's a very sad moment. To me, this is a very sad moment. And we will win this, and we, as far as I'm concerned, we already have won it. So I just want to thank you. And I want to thank all of our support. I want to thank all of the people that worked with us, and uh, Mr. Vice President, say a few words, please. Please.

Thank you very much, everybody.