Well, thank you very much everybody for being here. We took a really incredible tour, and law enforcement has just done such a great job working with the National Guard and working with a lot of people. But we're here to show our support for Kenosha and Wisconsin. The state of Wisconsin has been very good to me. I love the people. We've done a lot for the state, and we will continue to do a lot for the state. We're all in this together, and this was an example of what can happen when you do it right.

I'm pleased to be joined today by Attorney General Bill Barr, who is doing a -- really a fantastic job. And, Bill, thank you very much for being here.

Secretary Chad Wolf. Chad?

Chad, thank you.

Ron Johnson. Senator Ron Johnson, who's outstanding, I have to tell you. So respected within the beautiful halls of Congress, and I appreciate the great job you do, Ron. And I hope the people of Wisconsin appreciate how good a senator he is. Do they have any idea? Do they know how good he is? I think they do. You're never going to get not elected, Ron, or I'll be very unhappy. One of the best.

And also, a young congressman that's been a warrior -- true warrior. He's been a fighter not only for some other very good causes, but for this cause. Because he was the first one to call me and say, "We have a problem." And, Bryan, I want to thank you. Bryan Steil, Congressman. And you have your first reelection, and I think you're going to win it big. I hope you do. You deserve to.

Also, my former Chief of Staff -- where's Reince? Reince. Where is my Reince? Reince Priebus. Which shows that I definitely like this state, because you are a very proud citizen of right here. You're still here. You never left -- did you, huh? You never would leave. You've done a great job. Thank you very much, Reince.

Kenosha has been ravaged by anti-police and anti-American riots. They have been hit so hard, and we were able to get involved. David Beth and Daniel Miskinis, who I've been watching a lot on television -- now, today, I got to know them both very well, and they have done an incredible job. And you're going to say a few words in a couple of minutes, and we would appreciate it.

Also Zach Rodriguez, Supervisor, Kenosha County. Zach, thank you very much, Zach. Good job. You had a rough three days, but then it got well brought into -- back in, where you wanted it. Just where you wanted it.

Erin Decker, Supervisor for Kenosha. Erin. Thank you, Erin. Good job. Thank you very much.

Don Kapla, President, Wisconsin Fraternal Order of Police. Don, thank you very much.

Jerry Johnson, National Trustee of the Wisconsin Fraternal Order of Police. Jerry, thank you.

People have done a fantastic job. Really, you have to be proud of them.

James and Sharon Ward, pastors. Where is -- well, it was great speaking to you yesterday.

And you're really a very respected man, and I really enjoyed our conversation. Thank you both very much for being here. Appreciate it.

We also have a Major General Paul Knapp, who is around here someplace, but he was really right on the -- right on the -- thank you very much, Paul. Thank you. He has been fantastic. Paul.

And Scott and Linda Carpenter, owners of B&L Office Furniture. Scott, you're back there someplace? Thank you. Thank you very much. You got hit pretty hard, right?

You got hit pretty hard. That's all right. It's going to get rebuilt.

Kimberly Warner, owner of the Authentique Gifts and RePour'd Candle Factory. That's a very fancy name you have there: RePour'd. That's a fancy name. But I'll bet it was beautiful. Is it -- are you going to rebuild? Will you be rebuilding?

So you'll be --

Okay.

Well, we'll be giving you some help, okay? We'll be giving you some help.

John Rode, III, owner of Rode's Camera Shop. Now I was there, and that was 109 years, and -- you want to say a couple of -- a couple of words? Would you like to? It's a --

Where is he?

Oh, okay. Good. John, stand up, please. A hundred and nine years?

And we're going to help you. That's a very -- very complete rebuild we're talking about down there. That's incredible.

If they would've responded to the first call, it would've been -- it would've been a little different story. But they did respond, which is better than some governors, frankly. And once they responded and once we took, you know, control of it, things went really well. You just met some very talented people outside, and I think you're going to have clear sailing. But we're going to try giving you hand.

Your insurance company -- you're insured, right?

And so they're helping, and they're being responsible?

You'll let me know?

You'll let me know. You got to let me know at the end.

And Riki Tagliapietra -- Tagliapietra. That's a beauty.

That's a good one. Go ahead, please.

All right. We'll be talking to you. We're going to be helping you with law enforcement, and we're going to be helping you with some economic development. Get -- get it back in shape. Get Kenosha back in shape, and we'll get it back in, I think, very quickly. I really think so.

And we'll be helped by John Morrissey, city administrator of Kenosha. John, thank you very much. John, you have your work cut out for the next little while, but you'll be fine.

You're going to be in great shape.

And Samantha Kerkman, state representative, District 61. Thank you very much. Congratulations on doing a really great job.

Thank you.

Thank you. Great job you're doing. Appreciate it.

And Van Wanggaard, state senator, District 21 -- a highly respected, actually. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Great job.

Yeah.

Good.

Well, thank you. And your reputation is a great one, so thank you very much. And also, this area is a special area. We can't let that happen to this area. So we got here quickly and did the job.

Violent mobs demolished or damaged at least 25 businesses, burned down public buildings, and threw bricks at police officers -- which your police officers won't stand for, and they didn't stand for it. These are not acts of peaceful protest, but really domestic terror.

My administration coordinated with the state and local authorities to very, very swiftly deploy the National Guard, surge federal law enforcement to Kenosha, and stop the violence. And I strongly support the use of the National Guard in other cities, and the same thing would be happening -- if we did that, you'd have the same thing happen in Portland, and it would happen very quickly. It would all be over very, very quickly.

And I just want to thank the two of you for acting so strongly and so bravely and getting it done, and the coordination has been fantastic. You still need that coordination, no matter how many people you send in.

I just came from a visit of one of the businesses that was burned down -- B&L furniture, and the great 109-year-old camera shop, which I really respect, because that was a -- had a reputation far beyond the state even. And it's terrible to see. Several other business owners, they're joining us, and we have some in the back also.

To stop the political violence, we must also confront the radical ideology that includes this violence. Reckless, far-left politicians continue to push the destructive message that our nation and our law enforcement are oppressive or racist. They'll throw out any word that comes to them.

Actually, we must give far greater support to our law enforcement. It's all about giving them additional support. These are great people. These are great, great people. These are brave people. They're fighting to save people that they never met before, in many cases. And they're incredible.

We must really be thankful that we have them, and we have to help them do their jobs. We can't be threatening them with their pensions are going to be taken away, their job is going to be taken away, everything is going to be taken away -- they're going to be living a bad life if they utter an incorrect word. You can't do it. We have to have our law enforcement.

We cherish our law enforcement. We wouldn't be here without our law enforcement. Even me, I'm here today -- I feel so safe. And you went through hell, just a few days ago. But I feel so safe. I better be safe, right? I better be safe. But we're all safe, and we're safe because of law enforcement. And we honor you. And I will say this: We have to condemn the dangerous, anti-police rhetoric. It's getting more and more. It's very unfair.

You have some bad apples. We all know that. And those will be taken care of through the system. And nobody is going to be easy on them either.

And you have people that choke. They're under tremendous -- I said it yesterday, I said it last night: They're under tremendous pressure. And they may be there for 15 years and have a spotless record. And all of a sudden, they're faced with a decision. They have a quarter of a second -- quarter of a second -- to make a decision. And if they make a wrong decision, one way or the other, they're either dead or they're in big trouble. And people have to understand that. They choke sometimes.

And it's a very tough situation, right? It's a very tough -- then people call them "bad" and "horrible." And they made a bad decision. But if you think of it, when they have -- and I know you practice this all the time, where you give people literally a quarter of second to make a decision, and a lot of them can't make that right decision. It's a very tough thing to do.

The vast and overwhelming majority of police officers are honorable, courageous, and devoted public servants. They're incredible. Yet, many politicians ignore their sacrifice and ignore the African American and Hispanic American victims.

We have people -- there was love on the streets, I can tell you, of Wisconsin when we were coming in. There was love on the streets. And so many African Americans, Hispanic Americans, I can see waving. Pastor, it was so beautiful to see. They want to have -- they want to have safety. They want to have safety.

You look at -- I'm not a huge believer in polls obviously, but you look at polls where there's 87 percent want to have great police. They want to have strong police. They want to have safety. They're the ones that are most affected by tragedies like you'll see going around.

When these allegations of police wrongdoing -- and when you see that they have made allegations, they must be fully and fairly investigated, and that's what we're doing. Bill Barr has done a fantastic job in that respect. And we fully understand that because you do -- you do have problems the other way, but they're very few.

You know, the sad thing is you can do 10,000 great jobs as a policeman or a policewoman. You can do an incredible job for years, and then you have one bad apple or something happens that's bad. And that's the nightly news for three weeks. That's all they talk about. They don't talk about the thousands and thousands of good jobs. The lives that you save, they never talk about.

So I'm committed to helping Kenosha rebuild. We all are. We will provide $1 million to the Kenosha law enforcement so that you have some extra money to go out and do what you have to do. You took a rough -- it was a rough week, to put it mildly. And you've done it incredibly well.

I'm also providing nearly $4 million to support the small businesses that I talked about today that got burned up -- burned down. And we're going to be providing over $42 million to support public safety statewide, including direct support for law enforcement and funding for addition prosecutors to punish criminals and resources to provide services to victims of crime. And that was Bill Barr wanted that money put in. So that's $42 million. That'll help with prosecutors and all of the other things that are so important to you. You need that. Because when you -- when you grab them, and then nothing happens, and they're back on the street, that doesn't work out too well.

My administration is restoring public safety. We're hiring more police, surging tough-on-crime federal prosecutors, increasing penalties for assaulting law enforcement and for dismantling Antifa. It doesn't -- they don't want to mention the word "Antifa." Nobody mentions that. This is a bad group of people. Very, very bad, very dangerous people. And we are doing a big number on Antifa. They're bad.

Earlier this year, we announced Operation LeGend to surge federal law enforcement to high-crime neighborhoods. It is a thing that has really worked out amazingly well, Bill. But it's really under -- sort of, really, understated in a sense. We've already conducted more than 1,000 arrests in our first month in Chicago. We went to Chicago very recently. Obviously, that's been a disaster -- Chicago -- total disaster -- with, again, radical-left Democrat. And we just have to straight- -- it's all Democrat. Everything is Democrat.

All of these problems are Democrat cities. We don't want to say it, but it is. The top 10 are Democrat. Then you go into the top 25, and take a look at that: It's the same thing.

We cut the number of murders in Chicago last month in half. It's still way too many, but they -- Operation LeGend was very, very, very successful. Now it's just really getting going, but they cut it in half and just -- at its very early stage.

This is in sharp contrast to those who want to slash police funding, oppose using the National Guard, and want to hire radical judges and prosecutors who will release rioters, looters, and criminals. We have that in Portland, where the prosecutors don't want to do anything. You can catch somebody doing the worst crime, and they don't want to do anything. So we're very, very upset about that.

So we're not going to be cut police funding. If you look at what they want to do, they want to cut police funding. We want to increase police funding substantially. They want to end cash bail, which has been a killer for New York. If you look at what's happening in New York, they allowed thousands of people out of jail in New York, and they're walking around, and they're causing nothing but problems. Who would not know that? You don't have to know anything about policing. I'm not a policeman, but I would know that. If you let these people out, many of them are going to cause tremendous problems.

So they want to end cash bail; incentivize prison closures - they want to close the prisons so it can't hold anybody; reimagine public safety; end immigration enforcement; resume catch-and-release at the border.

As Chad will tell you, we've had tremendous success on the border. We're up to over 300 miles of border wall, and we're having the best years we've ever had in the border. People are coming in, but they only come in legally, or they -- for the most part, they only come in legally. The wall will be finished very shortly. It's had a tremendous impact.

And the other thing: We want to appoint Supreme Court justices and judges. We'll be up to almost 300 judges by the end of the term, and two Supreme Court justices.

And so we have a lot of things to do. We have a lot of great things to do. But it's an honor to be in your neighborhood. It's an honor to be in your great state, Wisconsin. And we're here for you all the way.

Some people thought it would be a good thing for me to come, a bad thing. I just wanted to come -- I really came today to thank law enforcement and to just really -- what they've -- what you've done has been incredible. It's been really inspiring, because you see it happening all over, and it just never seems to end. And it never seems to end because it's almost as though they don't want it to end, because you ended it really fast.

And, Congressman, I want to thank you for the job you did. You were the first call, and I want to thank you very much, Bryan. Great -- really great job.

With that, I'd like to introduce Bill Barr, Attorney General of the United States. Say a few words. Thank you.

Thank you very much. You're doing a great job, Bill. Thank you.

Senator Ron Johnson, from your wonderful state. And he is one of the great senators, I can tell you that, in the U.S. Senate. He's one of the best.

Ron, please.

Thank you very much, Ron. Appreciate it.

Congressman, please. Bryan Steil.

Good.

Thank you, Bryan. Great job.

David Beth, Sheriff, please.

Thank you, Sheriff. I'll tell you, you've done a great job. And, you know, just if they're watching a Portland or a Chicago or New York or any one of other cities that we're talking about -- but Portland, probably, would be so easy; maybe that would be the first one because I see it. Every night, it's on the news; it's burning. And they're always playing games. And, I don't know -- then he gets up and says, "We're trying to work together." And the whole thing is -- then they wanted to burn down his house last night -- the mayor.

But we're ready, willing, and able to send in, you know, a massive group of people that are really highly trained. You saw that --

-- in your experience, right? And we could solve that problem in less than an hour in Portland. So I hope they call. Eventually, they'll call.

And at some point, Bill, we'll just have to do it ourselves. We're going to have to do something that's -- that I think the people will be extremely happy with. Maybe the mayor won't and maybe the governor won't, but I don't know if they know what they're doing. It's just so sad to watch it happen.

But, here, you acted and acted appropriately.

Please, Daniel. Go ahead.

That's right.

Thank you, Daniel. Great job you did. Thank you. And you two work together beautifully. It's really good. Really good job.

Please, Chad.

Really nice. Thank you.

Pastors, would you like to say a prayer?

I'd love to have that because you are so highly thought of in the area.

So, please, James, Sharon. Please.

Thank you very much. Sharon, would you like to say something?

That's really well put.

Yes, James?

Right.

Right.

Please. You know that.

You know that. Thank you.

So you know what I think? I think you're an incredible couple. I really do.

I think you're an incredible couple.

And thank you very much for being here.

Really -- really great. Beautiful.

Do you have any questions, please?

No, it's not. But --

Yeah.

No, it's not. It's just that we're tired of watching every night with Portland. They're on night 104 now. And we're tired of watching it, because it could be solved in an hour. And we're tired of watching a mayor that has no clue what's going on.

And people are calling our office and people are calling Washington that live in Portland and live in the state, and they're saying, "Please, please send help." And the governor -- we call the governor often, and they say, "No, we don't need your help." But I say, "Your community is burning down." They don't need our help.

I don't know if that's political. I don't know what is going on -- certainly not common sense -- but we could solve it. Just like here, we all worked together. We came in -- the federal government, the state government, the city government -- everybody worked together. The senator, the congressmen -- it was like a beautiful thing. It just came -- it just worked, and it was done almost instantly. People were amazed.

And, as you probably will have to report -- maybe people are surprised -- there's been zero problem in terms of your safety, our safety. I feel so safe. Four -- four or five days ago, James, we couldn't have done this. The law enforcement has been so great. And we could do this in Portland so quickly, so easily it would -- it would be incredible.

We would have done it in Seattle. We were all set to go into Seattle, as you know, the following day. And they heard that, and they sent the police in, and the police did a good job. But they -- the people gave up. They were exhausted. They were there for a long time. And they gave up. They were exhausted.

So we're there. I mean, we'd love to help Oregon. We'd love to help -- really love to help Portland because we could solve their problem so easily. We have the people; they're ready. They could be there in less than an hour -- less than an hour -- and it would all end.

And they got a glimpse of that in this great state. They got a really good glimpse of it. It happened very quickly. And now, I mean, I see it. They're already rebuilding. You're already rebuilding your stores. You'll be rebuilding your store soon. Your camera shop.

So, we don't want to do that, but at some point, we're going to have to do it. We're going to have to do it. Okay?

Well, I feel terribly for anybody that goes through that. That's why I was so honored to meet the pastors. I feel terribly for anybody that goes through that.

As you know, it's under investigation. It's a big thing happening right now. I guess it's under a local investigation. And I know, Bill, you're also participating. But it's under your local investigation group unit, and I hope they come up with the right answer. It's a complicated subject, to be honest with you. But I feel terribly for anybody that has to go through --

And I didn't get to speak to the mother. I hear she's a fine woman. I've heard that from the pastor -- a really fine woman. But you can see, when I spoke to the pastors, I see exactly what it is. And they understand where I am. And if we can help, we're going to help.

But it is a question. It's under investigation. A lot of things happened with that -- and other things, frankly, that we're looking at very, very closely. Okay?

A body cam? Well, that's very interesting. Let me ask Bill to answer that question. Go ahead, Bill.

It's a very tough -- you know, it's a very -- the whole thing with the body cam: You read it, and you read two sides of the story.

How do you feel about it, Daniel?

Do you think they're good?

But you overall --

Okay, so you'll be having them?

Okay, good. They like them.

You're going to have to speak up, please.

I don't believe that. No, I don't believe that. I think the police do an incredible job, and I think you do have some bad apples. I think you'd agree, every once in a while you'll see something. And you do have the other situation too, where they're under this tremendous pressure, and they don't handle it well. They call it "choking," and it happens.

And -- no, but I don't believe that at all. I think they're -- I've met so many police. I have the endorsement of, like, so many -- maybe everybody. And, frankly, I think they're incredible people. They want to do the right thing. It's a tough job. It's a tough job. It's a dangerous job.

But I have to say this to the police: The people of our country love you. You don't hear that. You don't hear it from them. But the people of our country love you, and they respect you, and they -- and you know it; you feel it in your heart, or you wouldn't be doing it -- or you wouldn't be doing it. But there's a great love. And when they see what goes on, and when they see a case like this, where it solves so quickly, they respect the police a lot. Really, a lot. So you should hear it at least.

Well, you know, you just keep getting back to the opposite subject. We should talk about the kind of violence that we've seen in Portland, and here, and other places. It's tremendous violence. You always get to the other side: "Well, what do you think about this or that?"

The fact is that we've seen tremendous violence, and we will put it out very, very quickly, if given the chance, and that's what this is all about.

Yeah, I keep hearing about peaceful protests. I hear it about everything, and then I come into an area like this, and I see the town is burned down. I mean, you look at Minneapolis: They should have acted much quicker. When we got the National Guard in there, it took, literally, a half an hour. You saw the scene. They formed. They walked. It was over. And they haven't had a problem of any consequence since.

Their police weren't allowed to do the job that they could do. They have a very good police department, but they weren't allowed. Now they want to break it up. They want to end it. They don't want to have a police department. They want to not only defund, they want to get rid of it. It's ridiculous.

So I just say this: that the kind of violence that I saw, you may have protesters, but you have some really bad people too. You have anarchists, and you have the looters, and you have the rioters. You have all types. You have agitators.

And that's what you should be focusing on with your question. I keep hearing about peaceful protests. It's become -- really, I think it's hurt the media very badly. Because you'll have somebody standing on one of the networks -- I won't say which one, but there are more than one; many of them -- saying how it's a peaceful protest, and over the shoulder, you see the whole place is burning down. It's become a pretty common sight.

So I don't view the peaceful protest. I think peaceful protesting is fantastic. I think it's great. But, by and large, this is not peaceful protest when you walk into an area and you see buildings that are burned down. And, fortunately, here, we stopped it early, and so the damage is relatively minimal.

But when you look at some of these areas that they just don't ask for the help, they refuse to allow us to go in and help them. And by the time you get there, the place is disintegrated. And then they say it was a peaceful protest. It's not a peaceful protest, and you shouldn't call it a peaceful protest.

Okay, one more, please.

Say it again.

You're going to have to speak up, sir.

Sure.

Well, I think people are calling for structural change, and then you could take the people of Kenosha that aren't here and that you won't see and that aren't protesting, but they want change also. They want to see law and order. That's the change they want. They want law and order. They want the police to be police. They want the police to do what they do better than anybody else in the world, and that's what they want too.

You don't see them marching, and you don't see them on the streets, but what they want is: They want great police force. They want people that are going to keep them safe, where their houses aren't broken into, where they're not raped and murdered. That's what they want. And they're protesters too, but they don't walk down the street -- up and down the street. So, you know, just the way it is. Just the way it is.

So I want to thank you all, and I'll see you back at the plane. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. Great job. Fantastic job. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.