First time the Democrat had 40, that's -- you know -- You'll tell us when you're ready. Well, thank you very much for being in the great state of Nevada and Las Vegas. We had an amazing rally last night with I mean, tens of thousands of people inside and out. It was really quite something.

I think the media was very surprised at the extent of it. It was as big as anything that there's been for a long time and we're just starting that up now again. We didn't do it because of COVID, but we are rounding the corner on COVID. We're rounding it and rounding it rapidly plus we have vaccines coming very soon and we have therapeutics which have already made a big dent, a tremendous dent.

But I'm truly honored to be here today with Latinos for Trump. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And as you probably saw in some of the shows this morning, they're very disturbed by the poll numbers because we're very high and leading with Latinos and that's a really tremendous thing. I'm very honored by it.

We're here to discuss my administration's unwavering devotion to our nation's incredible Latino and Hispanic-American communities. And as you know, a little while ago, I received the Bay of Pigs Award from the Cuban Americans in Miami and that's a big honor and they don't give it out easily. And we're having tremendous support from the Venezuelans and it's just been -- it's just a great community.

It's just great people, great community. Hispanic Americans enrich our nation beyond measure. They proudly serve our nation in the military as members of law enforcement and they also start small business. I can tell you from personal experience, you're very good businessmen and women, very, very good. Extraordinary, actually.

They promote the shared values of faith and family, hard work and patriotism. Hispanic-Americans embody the American dream very much as much as anybody I can even think about. They embody the American dream. And I have to say they know more about -- you know we've had tremendous support from the Hispanic Americans on the Southern border because they understand the Southern border better than anybody.

Nobody knows it better than anybody. Oftentimes, I'd go to people that really understood it, they ended up always being Hispanic-Americans because they understand it. And they want law and order and they want -- they want people to come in, so do I, but they want him to come in through a process and legally.

Joe Biden has spent 47 years betraying the Hispanic-American community. Totally. Sending their jobs to China, raising taxes on their family and small businesses, making their communities less safe, attacking their values, and trapping their children and failing government schools. He's totally opposed to school choice.

He's totally opposed to charter schools. Everything that you stand for. He's going to shred the Second Amendment, something very important to Hispanic Americans also, Second Amendment. Life, very important. He's opposed to so many things and now all of a sudden he's saying, "Gee, no, I can live with this.

I could live -- like fracking." He's totally reversed himself on fracking, which you can't -- you just -- I don't think you can do that. I mean, maybe a politician can do that but I can't imagine. You go through a whole primary system and you're against fracking then all of a sudden he comes out in favor of fracking.

But he's not in favor of it. He's sort of wavering because now the left hit him very hard. And so now he sort of doesn't know what he's doing. He's in his -- he's in his basement right now and he's saying, "What do I do?" He calls his handlers, "What do I do about this?" He hasn't left in two and a half days.

In the meantime, I'm all over the place. I'm going to California from here, going over to see some of our great people that are doing such a great job with those monster fires that they have. And, again, forest management. I keep telling them forest management. Going to manage your forests. While Joe Biden failed Hispanic Americans, I've delivered for Hispanic Americans more than any other President.

I'm fighting for you every single day and you understand that better than anybody. We implemented massive tax cuts, regulation cuts, and opportunity zones for Hispanic-American families and small businesses for African-American families who have also benefited tremendously by what we've done. The opportunity zones, Tim Scott, Senator from South Carolina has been fantastic here.

He had this idea and we brought this idea to fruition to the opportunity zones have been incredible. Before the China virus hit, we achieved the lowest Hispanic-American unemployment rate ever recorded in the history of our nation. And we're getting it back very quickly, so the numbers come in just last week.

The numbers are fantastic. It's building very quickly, 10.4 million jobs in four months back and the number is back to 8.4%. Nobody thought -- people thought it was going to go to 42%. It's back to 8.4% so quickly and we're going to have a great third quarter based on everything we see. We could have a GDP going up 25%, 26%, 27%. Some people say could be in the 30s, we'll see.

It's going to be announced actually, interestingly, right before the election. So, we'll all take our chances. I'll take my chances because we're doing well. But before that virus hit, the numbers were the best they've ever been. We added a record 10.6. So, there's never been anything like that, 10.6 million jobs.

Second place is our record also, but second place is way behind that number. Joe Biden would terminate this recovery with -- as he said if -- if somebody walked up to him, a doctor, and said, "Would you do a shutdown? He said, "I'd do a shutdown. I'd listen to the professionals." Well, I do, too, but then you have to make a decision.

If I listen to the doctors, if I listen to the professionals, or if you listen to Biden, he was totally against me shutting down our country to China. I put a ban on China where it was heavily infected and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives. Then, I put a ban on Europe. This was not easy to do and they were against that.

So, you can't just listen to your professionals, you have to have some sense, you have to make a decision. But the other thing about Joe Biden, he's not a strong person and he's not strong for law and order and everybody knows that. And this is today about law and order. When you see a scene like happened just last night in California with the two police people.

A woman, a man, shot at stone cold short range right through a window and we're looking for him, we're looking for that person, him, we think. And when we find that person, we've got to get much faster with our courts and we're going to get much tougher with our sentencing. We have to come out very, very strongly.

We have to find that person. But I'm strongly defending religious liberty which is so important to Hispanic Americans. Joe Biden will eliminate religious liberty. He's pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations like the Little Sisters of the Poor. You saw that. We support them and we support the Little Sisters of the Poor and we're doing very well in that support.

And he supports taxpayer-funded extreme late-term abortion and he supports it very strongly. Late term and even after term, if you think, if you look at the Governor of Virginia, he said, "The baby is born." And then really, I guess you call that an execution because we're not even talking about during term, we're talking about after-term abortion and Biden doesn't want to take a position on that.

Biden opposes school choice and he has stated that if he's elected charter schools are gone and charter schools have been incredible. He wants to rip away the ladder of opportunity for millions of Hispanic-American children. In a second term I'll provide school choice and we're already starting that process very strongly as you know to every family in America.

And for the Hispanic American, school choice and charter schools are one of the most important things we could have. And you want law and order, you want law and order. You're not going to get it with them. He never even mentioned the words law and order in his speech or at the convention. They had the Democratic National Convention.

He never mentioned anything about law and order and you see Portland and you see some of these other places. Now every place we've been invited to we put it out immediately. Minneapolis, we put it out immediately. We were going to get -- we were set to go into Seattle. We told them we're coming in. So they went in before us and they put it out.

So we put it out. But we've -- every place we've touched has been good. And by the way, every city that's in trouble, every state. You look, Democrats, Liberal Democrats they've run them into the ground, every city. The Republican cities are doing well, great actually. But every city that we've mentioned, the top ten are all Democrat-controlled cities, whether it's Governors, in most cases, in all cases, Mayors and the Republicans have done well.

So we've achieved more for Hispanic Americans in 47 months. Think of it. It just works out that way. I say it, I said it last night in front of a lot of people. I didn't use the word we but I'll use it, either way, I or we. But I've achieved more for Hispanic Americans in 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years and that's a statement that's a very easy one to make. And I'll tell you the best is yet to come. And what I thought is if you'd like, we could go around the room a little bit. Tell us of your experience also questions. You're all such highly respected people within the community. It's an honor to be with you. And I thought in front of the media we could talk a little bit and you might tell us -- we'll go around this way and we'll -- tell us a little bit about yourselves. We'll be -- I'd love that. And if you have any questions or statements, I'd love to hear. OK? We'll start with you. We'll start with you.

Beautiful. Great.

Right.

I do.

Right.

Right.

Well, your Governor has the state shut down. Your Democrat Governor. He shut down the state and he's playing games with the ballots.

He's playing games with ballots and I hope they're watching them. I hope law enforcement is watching this guy. He's a political hack. He's got your state totally shut down and it's really terrible. It's really -- it's one of the states that's still shut down. Please.

That's right. That's true.

Thank you very much. That's so nice.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. That's really nice. It's so nice. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

I love you, too.

You'll get it. You'll get it.

It's really nice. Thank you very much. Thank you. Please.

Did Nancy Pelosi go into your salon?

You don't -- you don't want to.

They all said when I ran original

That's maybe a good idea. We'll have to think about that. We'll have to to think about that. We have a -- we have a lot of people that are going to vote. We're very concerned about the rigged election with the ballots because this Governor, he made it very hard to get to site last night. We had tens of thousands of people coming and pouring.

I mean many couldn't get in and yet he made it hard. So what kind of thing is that when he's in charge of ballots? So he's making it hard for you to speak, right? Freedom of speech. He's making it hard for you to speak.

And -- and we called it a protest because you know when they have a protest, they're allowed to have a protest, right? But you're not allowed to go to church. So you don't have to -- you can't go to church, but you can have a protest where people burn down your stores like in Reno and other places, where they burn down your storefronts.

So that's the way it is, but we will handle things very well. But we are worried about the ballots because we have a number of states four -- but we have a number of states where we have some very shaky Democrats and the only way they're going to win is with rigged ballots.

And if you look at the history of these ballots over the last two or three years, you'll see some horrible things where there's been tremendous cheating and the press knows that. But they don't want to report it because they're fake news. Thank you very much. Thank you I appreciate it. Please.

Good.

Right.

That's good.

Yeah. Yeah.

You're going to be very happily surprised. You watch. Watch what's -- watch what's going to happen.

The  DACA.

Because I happen to agree with you. So thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it very much.

Thank you, Maria.

Right. Right.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

Terrible.

you don't want to.

Thank you, Maria.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

Thank you, Maria.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I really appreciate that. Thank you, Maria. Please, Victoria.

Right.

Great. Great.

Good. That's good. That's good.

Thank you.

A lot of truth to that. Thank your husband very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Go ahead, please.

Right.

That's really nice.

Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you very much. Please, Laura.

Oh, good.

I will, OK. And I will accept it, OK.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you. I appreciate it. Very nice, beautiful.

Now, you could very --

That's right.

That's really nice. Will you say hello to your mother?

Good. Say hello to her.

She did a -- she did a good job. She did a good job with the son. I can see that. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you. Thank you.

It's very unfair.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it very much.

Yeah.

That's great.

Good.

Wow.

Wow, that's fantastic.

Well, your father would be very proud of you, right? Good job. That was a great job. Thank you.

Thank you.

It's not easy.

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Well, I want to thank everybody very much. This is fantastic and again, it's never been shown like this for a Republican. The Republicans are good and Democrats are good, but there's never been anything quite like this. When we saw the love last night and long before that, frankly, because I've been with the Latinos, the Hispanics, you go by many different names, all different -- some prefer one, some prefer another.

You know, we discuss it, and in the end, they say do whatever you want, call us whatever you want because you've been the best that we've ever had. And that's such an honor when people say that and we love you and we will be with you. And we're never going to let you down. And I want to thank you all for being here.

It's really great. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Please. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great. Great job.