Oh, they're going to be treated so good now. FEMA is coming up because we came and  and mechanic that who's  They were not going, actually

Well, the mayor did a fantastic job. The fire chief did a fantastic job. The problem was the federal government was going to send nobody. And when I said I was coming, they changed their tune rapidly. And now, they're sending the whole group. So, FEMA is coming, and they're coming with a lot of help and a lot of money.

Well, they're going to have to be, and I'm sure they will be. And he, likewise, wasn't going to come. And when they saw I was coming, all of a sudden, he came up. So, I think they'll be very good for it. Thank you very much.

So, everybody, enjoy your meal and we're going to get the meals for the fire department, OK? Hello, everybody. What's your specialty today?

Hello, everybody. That's a nice, beautiful-looking group of people. So, I know this menu better than you do, OK? I probably know it better than anybody in here. We're going to take care of the fire department. We're going to take care of the police department. And what we do is all the people that are here

So, I don't have to give him.

That's a good one to own, right?

So, we're going to take care of your  What's the people that are in here, they're going to get a, ice cream meal. All right? Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Nice. Good one, huh?

Oh, really? How many do you have?

Whoa. He's a wealthy guy. Is he a good boss?

So, we'll take care of everything. We appreciate it. And knock it out fast for us. OK?

We'll be eating it on the plane back. Thank you, everybody. Have a good time. OK?

Thank you. Great honor. Appreciate it. Eight stores.

Well, we brought a lot of people with us. And more importantly, we brought the federal government with us because when they heard I was coming, they all came. They weren't going to come. They were going to leave you abandoned. And now, they're not. The owner over here, he saw that.

You did a good job.

He did a good job. So, give us a nice array of stuff. Take care of the people, and I'll see you later, OK? Thank you, all.

Yeah. Let's go.

Well, I think he should have come here.

I think he should be here. Here should be here all along.

He chose to

It will be safe. It will be safe sooner because FEMA is now coming in. FEMA was not coming. Now, they're coming in. And it will be safe.

Yeah. OK.

Oh, good. Oh, I like this guy.

Come here. Take a look. That's -- this is a guy I like. I like him even better than the father. But he voted for Trump, too. Yeah. Is he a good pop?

You're a very wealthy young man.

Yeah, you did?

What did you say?

Thank you, Peter. That's a beautiful thing. Thank you.

He's a very nice boy you have.

That's very nice. You know what we'll do? Here, this is for you. I like that one, but this one's even nicer.

It's more expensive, I can tell you. This is triple the price of that one, right?

Come here, folks.

You know what that is? That's the best smile. That's your best smile. Oh, look at those boxes of food  Do we have a couple more?

No, it had nothing to do with it. I had nothing to do -- no, he's got to work on the airports. We've never had airports like this. We're like a third -- like a third-world nation. And this is an example of the breakdowns. All break down. Our whole country is breaking down. And he's really got to look at the airports because I have people that are taking planes and they end up -- they're delayed.

They're waiting in an airport for three days. It's crazy what's happening.

Oh, he should have been here a long time ago. Boot-Edge-Edge. You know what do you call him? Boot-Edge-Edge. That's the way. He should have been here a long time ago. Now, he was supposed to come today, but he heard I was coming today and he postponed it. But whenever he comes, he's got to do his job. And if we didn't come, they never would have come.

They made a statement, they will -- they will not come. When he saw that I was coming, pop, you know what happened?

And FEMA is great. You know, I had a great relationship with FEMA. FEMA is the star.

It's actually hard to believe. Every time I see something, I said, "When will they blame Trump?" Now, we -- I suppose they'll blame us for the border. They actually tried that for about an hour. That didn't work. So, we have a border that's a disaster, and they're responsible for destroying -- they are destroying -- systematically destroying our country.

He knows better than anybody. But they're systematically destroying our country, and it's a shame. And Boot-Edge-Edge should have been here already. Here's -- here's some more hat kits. Anybody want from the media? Anybody want from the media?

Have a good time, everybody.