They like Trump, and I like them.

We'll have to take a look at the order. It's -- the whole thing is a fake. It was put out by Biden, and they put it out because they can't win an election the fair way. It's all called election interference. Biden put it out because he can't win the fair way. He's way down in the polls.

You know the answer. So, the other candidates came here. They're like six people. Yeah. That was -- I don't know. We've stopped at three different places, and we've -- we've never been treated so well. You know, we got Iowa, you know this, $28 billion from China, 28 billion. I don't think -- nobody else got you $0.10. Got to remember that.

I just want to thank everybody for being here. You know, we have some very special people, some of the most important Congress people from Washington, from D.C. They came up, they wanted to be here. And if I could, I'd just like to have them come up and say a couple of words and start with Byron and the whole group.

Byron, come on up.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Who's over here? Come on. Oh, here. Come on, . Come on. We've got to say a couple words. This is one of the most popular people in Congress and one of also the most capable perhaps .

Mike.

Come here. Be very -- we have to be very careful. She's so strong, but she's going to have a baby in about two hours. We're completely prepared but a  you know who we're dealing with here. We're dealing with some real talents, and we're future-proof. A young Republican Party. And that's even younger right there.

So, we love you are with us. Thank you for your time.

Thank you. OK, we got 28 million. Think of it, 28 million for the 12 states. And the biggest piece of that went to -- went to you in Iowa. So, it's an honor. And we did the USMCA. We had the horrible NAFTA deal, the worst trade deal ever made. We made it the best trade deal ever made. The USMCA, in fact, so good that Mexico and Canada want to renegotiate the deal.

We should not do that. They shouldn't do that. So, I just want to thank you, all. Come on over here. Look at this. A great -- a great veteran. He loves the veterans.

Thank you. . Look at the build on this guy. I'm never going to mess with him even beat him around. But this one's from , and he's got that kind of . And he's a real friend of mine. He has been from the beginning and carries a lot of weight in Washington. They respect him greatly.

Please.

Thank you. Thank you. Carlos, come on up. One of the most popular people and I can say, with the Hispanics, is the most popular person and my friend. Carlos.

, Carlos. So, this is a man who, in the game between the Republicans and Democrats baseball game, hit the ball out of the park.  He hit a home run, not an inside-the-park home run. He hit it out. And that's a hard thing to do for we could say amateur, but he's no amateur, and he's certainly no amateur with politics.

He's respected like very few people. He's tough, he's strong, and he's got a big future, Greg Steube. Come on up, Greg. Come on.

Thank you. Next. That's right. You have to think of that. He hit it out of the park. And you know what hat he was wearing? The same hat that you are wearing, Make America Great Again. And that was it. A man who's very quiet, works behind the scenes very nicely. I love this guy. Do you know Matt Gaetz? Ever here of Matt Gaetz? . A very, very special guy.

A real talented guy, too.

Thank you. Thank you. Come on up. Can you come up? Come on. Give me your hand, too. So, that's great. I got you.

So, this is a man who people love. Everybody who knows him loves him. He gave up a lot. He gave up a real lot. And he's one of our most respected congressmen. And I just want to thank you very much for coming. Brian Mast. Everybody knows him. Brian Mast.

Thank you, Brian. So, I just want to thank -- this has been really -- it's a trip of love, but it is all over the country. No matter where we go, there's never been enthusiasm. You know, we did great in 2016. We won. We did much better -- I hate to say this, we did much better in 2020. The election was rigged, and we got millions and millions more votes.

And I will say, 2020 was fantastic. 2016 was fantastic. But we have never seen love and enthusiasm. Some of the people where -- where we stopped, and we stopped in 2020, we stopped in 2016. This blows it away. We set a record for people today, and you're very special. You're very special to me. And we are going to take care of our country.

We are going to take care of Iowa, and you're going to be proud of our country again. Right now, our country is a laughing stock all over the world. What we're doing to our country, with millions and millions of people pouring into our country with no voter ID, with so many things, it's just so horrible.

You see your taxes are going through the roof. You know what I -- what I've done -- and I just feel so strongly about the farmers. You had somebody say, well, we don't really care about the farmers, meaning about the other side, and they don't care about the farmers. I don't even think they're coming here to campaign because they know they're not going to be able to -- they're not going to be able to beat us. Nobody's done what we've done.

And I'm not just talking about those kind of dollars. You have a man that I just see here just came up, and I saw him at two of the other stops. Matt Whitaker, he's been such a great -- a great friend of mine. I'd like to ask him, could you come up for one second? Where is Matt? Good. Thank you very much.

He's a big guy, isn't it?

Thank you. So, we'll be back. We have not taken any chances. We're way up at the polls in Iowa and all over the country. We're up by over 50 points. That's a lot, but we don't want to take any chances. We'll be back. We love you very much. And you take care of yourselves. Stay healthy. Stay healthy. Stay -- and, you know, stay strong.

You have to stay strong. We have bad, bad people from within. I say we have problems from the outside, and we have problems from the inside. And the inside is a much bigger problem because we can handle the outside ones. But the inside ones are very, very bad. They're very bad. They're destroying our country.

What they're doing to our country is unthinkable. So, stay strong. We are going to win big, and we're going to make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much. .

You have to speak louder.

Many of the allies  because, to be honest, we have so many allies  I don't know. So, . I'll can tell you this. When these people want to see democracy, they want to see a nation be great again, right? Now, our nation is going down the tubes. Our nation is going down. So, we have a lot of allies that I don't know, but they're allies nevertheless.

I can't speak to them  nobody can answer that question. But I can tell you one thing. There was a lot of shenanigans going on with the elections. Whether you look at 2,000 Mules, whether you look at the 51 intelligence agents who is all rigged, when you look at Twitter and FBI and the DOJ and the -- take a look at what happened with DOJ.

Take a look at what happened with Twitter. It's a disgrace. So, a lot of bad things took place during that election. And there are allies. We all have allies. These are our greatest allies. We're respected all over the country, and I'm very happy to have them. We just had polls come out. We're leading by 50 points and even more than 50 points.

Do you know why? Because people believe in us, and we just want to make -- it's very simple. We want to make America great again.

I have a very nice relationship with her. I got her elected, I endorsed her, I came and did a rally when she was very far behind. I liked it very much. I was very happy to have done the rally. We did the rally, and she ended up going up. I actually did a couple of rallies for her, and she ended up winning the election instead of losing the election.

I like her very much. That's why I came to do rallies for her. Please.

I'll tell you, that's a question I happen to like. I could just say thank you very much. You know, first of all, I do. Thank you. You're a real pro, by the way. Real professional. The country appreciates it. The fact is we had great four years, but we did it in four years. We built the greatest economy in the world.

And then we did it actually twice because it was interrupted, unfortunately, by a gift from China, COVID. And it should have never happened. But we built the greatest economy ever. We rebuilt our military. We gave the largest tax cuts ever, the largest regulation cuts ever. We got out of all the wars. We beat ISIS, defeated ISIS, took out the worst terrorists of the world.

We did more than just about any president has done. And I think when you ask that question, I'm honored by it. But the fact is, they're not picking up any traction. They're losing by tremendous numbers. We just left the scene that all of you were there, I assume, and they set a record for thousands and thousands of people.

And for the other candidates, some of them had one and two and three people. There was nobody there, maybe a wife and a son. So, we just -- you saw the scene over there, setting a record in the history of the state fair, which is probably just about the biggest or one of the biggest in the country. That was the biggest crowd they've ever had.

So, there are a lot of people that feel that we're way up in Iowa, we're way up in New Hampshire, and we're way up in South Carolina, the first three states. And more than anything, we're way up all over the nation. Thank you for that question. Thank you, everybody. I'll see you like very soon. Have a good time.

I don't do plea deals. We did nothing wrong. We don't have to take a plea deal. We don't take plea deals. It's a wiseguy question. Mr. Wiseguy. We don't take plea deals because I did nothing wrong. It's called election interference. You know what that is? These indictments are brought out by Biden who can't even put two sentences together.

This is Joe Biden. He can't win the election by himself. He can't win the election based on votes. So, what they did is they got the attorney general to do it. And then you see how stupid they acted yesterday with the appointment of the special counsel, called it special counsel. And what a crazy thing that was.

And it's being laughed at all over the world. The fact is that we have a country that's in serious trouble. We have a country that's in major decline. I don't mean decline, I mean major decline. And we're going to straighten it out. This group and a lot of people just like this group. We're going to straighten it out, and we're going to make America great again.

Mr. Wiseguy. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.