Well, thank you very much. I appreciate the remarks. It was quite something, but it worked out well. And Secret Service did an excellent job. And they have the man behind bars, and hopefully, he's going to be there for a long time. Dangerous person. Very, very dangerous person. But I appreciate the comments very much.

Thank you very much.

So, I was playing golf with some of my friends. It was on a Sunday morning and very peaceful, very beautiful weather. Everything was beautiful. It was nice place to be. And all of a sudden, we heard shots being fired in the air. And I guess probably four or five. And it sounded like bullets, but what do I know about that? But Secret Service knew immediately it was bullets, and they grabbed me.

And I think probably the other one, Steve, is one of the people. Steve Witkoff, a great friend of mine, a great businessman from mostly New York and Florida. Great businessman. And more importantly, just a fantastic person. So, we're in the group. And everybody just -- we got into the carts, and we moved along pretty good.

I was with an agent, and the agent did a fantastic job. There was no question that we were off that course. I would have loved to have sunk that last putt, but we decided let's get out of here. And what the gunfire was actually, interestingly, was a Secret Service agent had seen a barrel of an AK-47, which is a very powerful gun rifle.

And he started shooting at the barrel. He started shooting in the bushes. Could only see the barrel. How good is that, right? But could only see the barrel. Based on that, he started shooting and ran toward the target and was shooting a lot of -- I mean, those were the one we heard. The other one never got a shot off.

And he ran across the street and grabbed his car, hopped into his truck or car. And amazingly, a civilian in that area saw something and it looked very suspicious. And in the car -- drove that car to the back of his truck of some kind and took pictures of the license plate, gave them to the sheriff's office.

Sheriff Bradshaw is fantastic, very great sheriff for a long time. And within a fairly short period of time, they tracked him down on the highway. It's pretty high-speed chase. And they ended up getting him. They got him. Because you wouldn't want to have somebody like that out there, you know? He dropped his gun, the AK-47.

He left his gun. He left cameras behind, left a lot of things behind. So, the agent did a fantastic job. The civilian did a phenomenal job, a woman. I mean, who would think he could take a thousand times like that? How many people would have the brainpower to follow him and take pictures of the back of his truck so that they end up getting -- and the key was the license.

So, they got the license. And after they had the license, you know, there's all sorts of technology where they can literally pinpoint where this truck is. I never knew something like that existed. And they pinpointed him on the highway. They got him with a high-speed chase, so they got him. It was amazing.

So, Secret Service did a great job, and I think I can say, honestly, the sheriff's office, law enforcement, everybody really did a great job. I'm happy about that.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Well, there's a lot of rhetoric going on. A lot of people think that the Democrats, when they talk about threat to democracy and all of this. And it seems that both of these people were radical lefts. The first one, they should learn more about. They have apps that they haven't opened yet, which is pretty strange.

And the father went out and got the biggest lawyer in the state of Pennsylvania, which is pretty strange about the father of the shooter we're talking about in Butler, the first one. And that's pretty strange. There are a couple of pretty strange things going on there. I can say this, the Secret Service was very brave in the sense that bullets were flying and they -- when I went down -- I purposely went down.

I saw what was happening, and people are probably screaming. I'm not sure if I recognize that, but I went down. And Secret Service, they were right there with bullets flying right at them and they weren't hit. But three other people were, Corey, firefighter, two other gentlemen that who they thought died.

And actually, the doctors in Butler were unbelievable. They saved their lives. And we've actually raised a lot of money for the families, family of Corey and the two gentlemen. And they both live. They thought they were dead. I the first thing I asked when I came up, I said, "How many people are dead?" Because we had a massive crowd.

And with all those bullets flying, so three got hit. But there was a great display of bravery. I mean, it was incredible. Normally, the crowd experts will tell you when they hear bullets, and we heard a lot of bullets going on. A crowd would -- this was a massive crowd. You couldn't even see the end of it in a big field.

And that the crowd always runs. They call it a stampede like cattle. I mean, they stampede, and a lot of people get killed when they stampede. But they hear bullets, but nobody ran. You know, tens of thousands of people. Nobody ran. In fact, you can see it in the small group behind me. There was a group of probably a couple of hundred people behind me, and nobody ran.

In fact, they're standing up. Some of them are standing up looking for the shooter. The other one has to get credit to local law enforcement. The gentleman that shimmied up to the roof looked, saw the man with a gun, and probably made him go faster than he would normally go. And so, he didn't exactly hit the target the way he wanted.

There's something going on. I mean, perhaps it's God wanting me to be president to save this country. Nobody knows. But when I made the right turn, it's very unusual because the people weren't on the right. The people were standing out in front of me. When I turned my head at an exact 90-degree angle, the bullet came zooming by and clipped my ear.

And the reason so much blood, they told me at the hospital, I said, "Why so much?" The ear is the bloodiest part of the body because of cartilage. He was giving me all description. I said, "You don't have to tell me," but it was a mess. But amazing bravery shown, amazing talent like the doctor saving the two men that were hit.

They were hit really badly. Well, I won't tell you exactly what happened. You know, they were hit badly. And they both lived. Corey didn't make it. Corey was in bad shape. We had a person from the National Guard about 10 seats over from Corey, run to his aid. And with all of -- he was hitting ahead. With all of that, was giving a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation because he was still alive.

And people couldn't believe it. They thought it was such an incredible act. Who would do it? It was, you know, just an amazing thing. And we're going to take care of him too because it -- I mean, just the fact that he could do it and some other people. So, it was amazing bravery, and there was a mistake made, a bad mistake.

That one building was unmanned on top. And that was a mistake. There's nothing you can say about it. But that was some crazy day. And then, yesterday, you had another one with a different result. Actually, much better result because we lost Corey and two gentlemen were very badly hurt, but they're in pretty good shape now.

A lot of talent. Those local doctors up there had tremendous talent.

I hope so.

So, we have a country that's in trouble, a country that I love. I love the people of this country. People like Corey who were just this massive Trump fan, and he got hit. But people like that, they're in love with the country, and they hate seeing what's happened to the country. We have 21 million people pouring in from all countries all over the world, from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums.

Insane asylums. And you know, we are different. Even prisons and jails, they are different. One's a little bit more severe than the next. They're coming in as terrorists, and they're coming into our country at levels that nobody's ever seen. And they're taking over our towns, and they're taking over small cities and big cities.

I mean, look at New York, look at Chicago, look at LA, tens of thousands of these people. And they're rough people in many cases. I mean, they are rough, rough, tough people. Venezuela gangs, if you look at Aurora in Colorado, you have a governor that doesn't know what he's doing. He's petrified to be there.

He doesn't know what to say. I mean, they're literally taking over real estate. They're becoming real estate developers in a much different way, right? They're taking over buildings. Everyone's afraid of them. And they have a big AK -- we're talking about AK-47s. That's what they have. They carry massive guns.

You say, where would they get this kind of power? And they're vicious people. They're gang members from Venezuela, largely and known as being one of the roughest gangs anywhere in the world. You have MS-13, which is a bad gang, and you have these guys. And we're going to clean them out. We're going to get them out.

But the bottom line, just answer quickly. I love the country. We're going to make America great again, and we'll be able to do it. We did it once, and we'll do it again and much easier this time. The border is in much worse shape than it's ever been. This is the worst border there's ever been in any country.

They have not done the job that they have to do. I mean, you have Kamala, she was the border czar. I call her the comrade because she's a Marxist. She wants to tax everybody out of business. She wants to raise taxes to 70%, 80%. She wants an unrealized capital gain tax, which is the craziest thing I've ever heard.

Nobody's ever even heard of such a thing. And they'll put everybody out of business. We'll end up in a depression if she gets in. And very simply, though, we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before, and I love doing it.

That's a problem.

Well, you have a radical left force, and we have forces -- you know, I say that we have a lot of evil in the world. The world is a nasty place, and you can see that with some of the things that have happened. We've been treated, I think, very unfairly, but I've done so well. You know, it's an amazing country in some ways, but we have evil forces.

You have the outside forces with the enemies, and you know, you call them, Russia, China, various places. I don't know that they're enemies. I think we'll get along great with China. I think we'll get along great with Russia. I want to get Russia to settle up with Ukraine and stop this millions of people being killed far greater than the number you read about.

But I want to get that done before I even take office. I want to get that done as president-elect because it has to be solved. Too many people dying. Too many cities are just in rubble right now. You look at -- the culture is just being destroyed. We got to get that done, and I'll get it done. There wouldn't have been an October 7th.

There wouldn't have been Russia attack in Ukraine. There wouldn't be inflation. All this inflation, which has hurt people so badly. You wouldn't have had that horrible type of withdrawal. We were getting out of Afghanistan, but with dignity and strength. That was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.

And frankly, Russia would have never gone into Ukraine if it weren't for that. They looked at that and they said, "This country is no longer run by Trump." This country is run by stupid people. And we have a great military. You know, I took out ISIS in four weeks, and everyone said it was going to take four or five years.

I took them out. Our military is great, but you have to have the right leadership running it. So, the bottom line is that it can be nasty, but it's only going to get worse. If I don't win, it's only going to get worse. It's going to get really bad. We'll end up being Venezuela on steroids. We'll end up in 1929-type depressions.

And we have to make sure that this person doesn't get in. This is far worse than Biden. You know, that was a -- if you think of it, that was an overthrow of a president. That was -- he won. He had 14 million votes. He had no votes. Crazy Nancy Pelosi walked in and some of the others, and they say, "We want you out."

He said, "I'm not going to get out. I want to run." I was leading him by a lot after the debate, but still he had the right to run. And they literally -- it was a coup in the truest sense. This was the first coup of an American president. And I think it's -- you know, look. I don't say fair or not fair.

He was very nice that he called up to make sure I was OK, to make sure that, you know, we'll have any suggestions or anything. We do need more people on my detail because we have 50,000, 60,000 people showing up to events. You know, other people don't have that. But he couldn't have been nicer, but I thought he was treated really unfairly.

He went through a primary system. He won, and then they threw him overboard. And she got no votes, you know? She got no votes, but she'd be very bad for the country. We have to save our country. We can't play games, or we can't have a Marxist, communist president because that's not what it's all about.

So, we're going to do it, and we're going to make our country greater than ever before. And you're going to be happy, and you're going to love your crypto. And as long as you have crypto, you're happy. So, I'll do what makes you happy. Nothing else.

Well, I think it will be right now. Right now, you have a very hostile SEC. I guess, you'd have to say, I don't know, when you say administration, do you call it Biden or do you call it Harris? Nobody really knows what to call it, but maybe we'll say a combination of both, but they've been very hostile toward crypto, toward all of it, and extremely hostile like nobody can believe.

Nobody even understands why. My attitude is different. If we don't do it, China's going to do it. China's doing it anyway.

But if we don't do it, we're not going to be the biggest, and we have to be the biggest and the best. And you know, when you look at values and when you add it all up, the value of this whole thing is bigger than they were showing me your top 20 corporations and all of this. The numbers are just gigantic.

It suffers from some credibility lapses. I mean, some things were done or not done, but it's growing -- it's very young and very growing. And if we don't do it, China's going to do it. If we don't do it, other countries are going to do it. Lot of countries would like to be in a position. We see advantage because it's us.

But you have a big advantage because it's me, because I do believe in it. I also know a lot of friends that are really into it. And my kids, I mean, Barron knows so much about this. Barron's a young guy, but he knows it. He talks about his wallet. He's got four wallets or something. And I'm saying, "What is a wallet? Explain this to me."

But he knows this inside out. And Eric and Don know it so well. It's almost like younger people know it a lot better than older people, but I have a lot of respect for them. They've shown great judgment, all of them. And I think you're into something. You're into it a lot sooner than most people. You know, you really -- it's sort of like, it's a fledgling business, and yet it's a massive business, but it has a chance to really be something special.

And when I do things, I notice a lot of crypto comes in. People pay with crypto. And you didn't see that even a year ago, two years ago. So, I think it's really -- it's big and yet it's a fledgling compared to what it will be.

Well, it makes it easier, and it's sort of like a language, you know? I have a beautiful granddaughter, Ivanka's daughter, and she is Arabella. She speaks perfect Chinese. And there were other two children, two great young boys. They speak perfect Chinese. They learned it when they were two and three and four from a nanny who is a Chinese.

And then she was from China. And she would teach Arabella. When President Xi was here, President Xi couldn't believe it. She walked up to him and had a perfect conversation. And I said, "So, how did she do?" He said, "As good as any 10-year-old girl in Beijing." I remember that saying. I mean, she speaks it perfectly, but she learned it at a very young age.

If you're going to learn, if it's China or Japan or any language, it's not that easy to do. But as a child, it's almost like a natural. So, it's a little bit like that, I think, with crypto. Now, I think crypto is a lot easier if you want to know. But there is a learning curve. And yeah, my kids really understood it, and they understood it pretty much right at the beginning.

He knows. Yeah.

Well, it's crypto. It's AI. It's so many other things, you know? AI, speaking of an interesting future, it needs tremendous electricity capability beyond anything I've ever heard. It never made sense to me, but this is what it needs. If you take all of the electricity coming out of the US, in order to have it to be dominant in AI, you need twice that amount just for this one thing.

Who would think that? You need twice the electricity we already have. And you got to get started. I mean, you have to be -- if you're in the US, you have to get started. You don't want to be left in the dust. And China's already building electric plants, and they want to build them for, you know, for the AI, and it's very important.

But you need tremendous electricity in this country because of our strong environmental impact statement problems that we have. You know, China doesn't have those problems. They don't do them. They just build. They said, "Build over here, build over there." With us, you have to go through years, but I'll make it possible to create tremendous amounts of electricity very rapidly.

But people don't know that. People don't know that you need double the electricity of what we already have. So, you want to get in whether it's crypto or AI or other things that are coming along, and it's part of the game. We want to have a great country. We want to stay at the top. We're making things now.

We're starting, and it started under my administration that there was no chance of ever even getting involved for a long time. We're leading the pack in so many ways. One of the things I'm very proud of is Space Force. We were getting lapped in space by China and by Russia. And now, we are the leader in space.

And I have to tell you, Elon is doing a fantastic job. He's my friend. He endorsed me for president, like, so strongly. It was incredible. But he is doing an amazing job with respect to space. When you look up, I think somebody said he sends -- 90% of the rockets sent up throughout the world are his. And you got to hand it to him or something.

We'll get him.

I do, and they should have certain safeguards, too. You know, maybe somebody would say that's a bad thing to say, but no. You know, it can't be totally freewheeling. I spoke to some of the big crypto people. They want safeguards. They want certain safeguards. But it's a very hostile environment right now from what I understand.

The SEC has been extremely hostile and really going after people. And I think, frankly, since they heard I was involved, they've treated people much better. Maybe they view it as votes. Maybe they view it as us. But people that were under serious investigation for having done nothing wrong are all of a sudden not allowed to go free.

And I really believe that's because they see -- you know, this is a very big market. This is a very powerful market. So, I'm glad I helped if I helped. I don't know. Maybe I didn't, but the SEC has been unbelievably household. The one thing you know is that, if for some reason, bad things happen and we don't win the election, those people that were under investigation and that are free as a bird right now and people that weren't being looked at in the crypto world, they will be living in hell because it'll start the day after the election if they win.

And I view it differently. I mean, I just view it that we have to be the top no matter what we do. Chips or anything else, we would really starting to go with the chips. We have to we have to be No. 1. And I think AI is really important, but I think crypto's one of those things we have to do. Whether we like it or not, we have to do it.

Well, I got in very late, and NFT was considered cold. I mean, to be honest, it was a cold industry. It had its day a few years before as you probably know. But when I did it, I said, "You know, what do we have to do with anything else?" And it's playing cards and some beautiful artwork and other things.

And we went out with 45,000 NFTs, and it was amazing. We thought it would take six months, maybe a year to sell. It sold out. I don't want to say -- I don't want to get myself in trouble by saying exactly the first day, but pretty close to it. It was like almost immediately.

Yeah. Almost --

Right. Almost immediately. And then we did a second one, likewise, and then we did a third one. And then we just did a fourth one. And I asked the people from the first three. I said, "Well, do you want to have us do it?" Because, you know, they have very big pride to start off with. But I said, "Are you going to -- if we do a fourth one, does that affect you and the ones you already own?" Because some people bought a lot of them, and some people bought one.

And they're all very happy, really happy. I said, "Does it affect you?" And everybody -- it was, like, sort of, a phone pole, you know, just like -- and everybody wanted the fourth one, which surprised me because you would think they wouldn't want the fourth one because maybe it waters down their own -- the pieces that they have.

And they did. They wanted it, and they wanted it badly. So, we did a fourth and just did it recently. And I think it's just about gone. It's amazing. And one of the things I know is that crypto played a big role because they paid. It wasn't like we're not getting checks for the dollars. We're getting crypto --

Instantly. Yeah. And that taught me a little bit about what you love. It taught me something that was -- it was incredible. We did the NFTs. It was so-called -- people said, "Don't do it. Don't do it. You're not going to" -- and we did it and it sold. Literally, we had anywhere from six months to a year, and I think we did it in a day or something.

It was fun.

It is fun.

A little bit because so many people paid this way. If they didn't, if they would have been paying in dollars, I would have said, "You know, that's standard." I would have assumed. And I was blown away. I just -- I wasn't overly interested in it, to be honest, but I did ask, like, what percentage was taken between Bitcoin and all of the other things through crypto.

And it was a massive majority, a massive majority, and I was always surprised by that. And that was a while ago now, and it opened my eyes. But I think my children opened my eyes more than anything else. And plus, I have a friend on my right who's a very smart guy, and he's not quite as young as his fantastic son who we were dealing with Alex, and all of them.

But you know, he knows a lot about this stuff for a man of his age. He's still pretty young, but for a man of his age, Steve Witkoff knows a lot about this.

If it was what?

Well, maybe the NFTs. You know, you sort of brought that up because I was surprised again at the percentage of them that were sold through that, through that form. You could do a new form of currency. You could call it anything you want. But that was -- I think it was also the level of enthusiasm that my young sons have for this -- you know, pretty young guys.

I mean, one's extremely young, and two are pretty young, right? But the level of enthusiasm they have for crypto. And also, just to add a third element. I have a lot of friends, very smart people, some very smart people, and they're believers. So, it means something to me. Well, I appreciate that, and I appreciate you.

Everybody, hang tight, please. I will go to Mr. Witkoff in a second, and we'll be joining by the next set of guests. But Mr. President, it's an honor. Thank you for having me. And honestly, the fact that you've done this the day after a second assassination attempt means the world to me. Just a little 30-year-old boy from Montreal that, you know, started from just hosting Twitter Spaces now hosting yourself.

So, thank you for allowing me to do so. Great job. Great job. Thank you very much.

There you go. We got this room packed with people. Everybody's still here. Hang tight. Don't leave. Keep sharing. I want to see those retweets because the state of the crypto address at Mar-a-Lago is still on over here. I have Steve Witkoff on my right who has to run, you know, to Fox, right?