I'll tell them.

Oh, yeah. Sure. She's a war hawk. She kills people. She wanted to -- even in my administration, she was pushing that we go to war with everybody. And I said, "If you ever gave her a rifle and let her do the fighting, if you ever do that, she wouldn't be doing too well." I will tell you right now, but she's a war hawk.

She wants to go kill people unnecessarily. And if you -- if she had to do it herself and she had to face the consequences of battle, she wouldn't be doing it. So, it's easy for her to talk, but she wouldn't be doing it.

She's actually a disgrace.

Well, she is campaigning. I mean, she's campaigning for us. Yeah.

Well, he's going to have a big role in health care.

In fact, we just -- we just left. In fact, I think he might be here.

We'll be talking about a lot of things, but he's going to have a big role in health care, a very big role.

He knows it -- he knows it better than anybody. He's got some views that I happen to agree with very strongly and I have for a long time, I mean, for --

For years. You and I, we'd -- we all be seeing it as it -- as it comes.

All of these things will be talked about in this course.

Thank you, darling.

Good job. Good job.

It's very nice.

I want to thank you. And look, I know many people from Lebanon, and we have to get this whole thing over with. We want to have peace. We want to have peace on Earth, all over, all over. And these are wonderful people, and I very much appreciate it and being with you in Dearborn as well. I appreciate it.

Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Hello, everybody.

Who's the boss in the family?

OK.

Hello, everybody.

Oh, it's good

Come on in. Come on in.

Thank you, everybody.

A businessman, huh?

That's OK.

Yeah, let's go. Turn around. Turn around. No, no, just turn.

Yes, come.

Go ahead.

You better vote for me.

Thank you.

Oh, look at this.

Hello, everybody.

Hello.  We got the mayor right now here.

Hello, my mayor.

You're a great mayor.

What food do you have?

I want some good food here. These are great people. These are great people. I like that guy right there. Everything OK? Everything good? Business is good? What is this?

I'll do that. Give me a pen.

Who's -- who's this at?

Oh, the great fighter, the great fighter?

I'm going to sign this for you. I'm going to give it to you, OK?

Thank you.

Nice one. Thank you very much, everyone.

Thank you, everybody. Very nice.

You're working hard.

I've been watching you, huh? Is she doing a good job? She's doing a good job?

But I think I'm working harder.

Sixty-two days in a row.

Because we really do. We have a great feeling for Lebanon, and I know so many people from Lebanon, Lebanese people. And the Muslim population, they're liking Trump, and I've had a good relationship with them. This is it. This is where they are, Dearborn.

We want their votes, and we're looking for their votes, and I think we'll get their votes. What do you think? Do you think we'll get their votes?

I have a feeling we're --

And we have polls that came out just now. We're doing very well in Michigan. We're doing very well in Pennsylvania. We're doing great in Arizona. It's eight up, nine up, something like that. And overall, we're doing extremely -- somebody said 97 percent chance of winning. You saw that, 97 percent? But I don't know about that.

All I know is you have to go out and vote. Where is --

Are you going to all go and vote?

And you wouldn't vote for Kamala?

Kamala. Nobody is going to vote for Kamala.

All I can tell you is she's an inferior candidate. She shouldn't be running. She didn't get one vote. She is totally an inferior candidate. She shouldn't be running. They took it away from Biden. They've treated Biden very unfairly. I have to tell you that. When you talk about democracy, they have treated him very unfairly, OK?

Well, that's because they've lost him. He was a Democrat all his life. It's the Kennedy family. He's the first one to do this. And they've lost him, and they're very unhappy about it. And I think they're very unhappy about their poll numbers because she is sinking like a dead ship. And no, he's great.

He is -- he is a great guy. I've known him a long time. And he's -- all he wants to do is -- very simply, he wants to make people healthy, and I think that's good.

Yeah.

Huh?

Oh, Mr. Mayor. Now, here's the mayor of a big city. More people should be a mayor like him. He's doing a good job, right?

Let me have one.

You can give them some coffee, too. We'll calm them -- we'll calm them down, right? You want some coffee? You want some coffee? She's going to have some coffee.

Yeah, yeah. Look at that. I don't drink coffee, but these are minor details.

Thank you very much.

She's very nice. Thank you. It's a nice trip.

Yeah, put together for my people, and it'll be great, and take care of these people.

How are you doing?

Good numbers. Did you see the numbers?

I love you.

Come on, man.

Whose boy is this?

He's a big boy.

Get out and vote. Get out and vote.

Go ahead.

Hold it tight. Hold it tight.

Get out and vote. Get out and vote.

He's great, RFK.

RFK Jr. is great. And, you know, they wish they had him, but they don't have him. I have him.

I think that Liz Cheney is a disaster. All she wants to do is blow people up. She's a war hawk and a dumb one at that. And if you ever put her into the field of battle, she'd be the first one to chicken out. She wouldn't fight. She'd chicken out so fast. And that's all I say.

These are the people --

They don't mind killing people. But if they had to do it themselves, she wouldn't fight. She's a coward.

We had a good conversation.

We're going to bring peace. You're going to have peace in the Middle East, but not with the clowns that you have running the US right now. You're going to have peace -- you're going to have peace in the Middle East, and they should have peace in the Middle East, but not with the clowns you have in the Middle East.

Let me tell you. What you have, you have people in the Middle East that aren't doing their job and you have people in the US that aren't doing their job. And when they get it together, when they get it right, you're going to have peace in the Middle East.

I always talk about things like that. Thank you very much, everybody.