grew up in a place just like this. . Are you having a good time? How are you? Nice to see you.

Nice to see you.

How are you? Nice to see you, darling. This is a good time.

You all grew up in a place just like this, right?

How are you? You were so amazing. I walk in, nobody knew I was coming, and she grabbed me, and she hugged me. She said, "I like you." And she's tough, too, I tell you. She doesn't like a lot of people, right? But it's an honor to have you and your friends and everybody. Thank you, Michaelah.

It's great. We're going to have some good meal. We have the fake news with us tonight. We're going to have a little good stuff to eat. Mar-a-Lago is a special place. You see that?

So, I just did a couple of interviews that are on tonight, Doctor Phil. I did a Doctor Phil interview. It was interesting. And so, let's go, and let's have something good to eat. And we appreciate very much everybody. Thank you for coming. It's a great group of people, and I appreciate you very much. That was something when we walked in.

It was beautiful. That was from the heart, too.

And I think, to a large extent, because of what we've done with the colleges, Black colleges and universities, I got them funded -- when I was president, I got to know the heads of many of the Black colleges and universities because they'd come. And after two years, I said, "Why do you keep coming back?" He said, "Well, we feel like beggars because they never extend it. They give one year, and then we have to come back the next." I said, "You shouldn't have to do that." And these are great people.

The job they do is incredible. And I got them long-term financing, more money than they ever thought possible, more than they wanted. And they're doing a great job. I said the only bad part is I'll never see you again, probably.

They said, "We don't like that either." But I got them taken care of, and Michaelah knew that. And she came up to me, and she said thank you. So, I appreciate it. Thank you very much. That was nice. Let's eat. Thank you, everybody.

No, no, no. It's a rigged system, and it's a terrible system, actually. But it's a rigged system. And I think we're doing very well. We had a big thing happen in Georgia today. You saw that. And step by step, it's a rigged -- this is a situation where they're trying -- they go after a political opponent.

And it all takes place from the White House and from the DOJ, including the state and city cases. And if I wasn't running, there would be nothing. And we're leading Biden by a lot. He's the worst president in the history of our country, and we're leading by a lot. And we have to beat him because otherwise, we're not going to have a country left.

So --

Well, they have to fight it. They have to fight it. And it's a very dangerous thing because if the Republicans go after the Democrats the same way, we're going to have -- that's all we're going to be doing in our country. It's a very dangerous thing. But you can't weaponize the DOJ. And you look at the DOJ, the DOJ ran this thing, the local.

It's -- you call it a city or state, but the DOJ ran it. And that's a very bad thing. It's a very dangerous moment. Really a dangerous moment for our country. And I can't let it happen.

.

I would have loved to have testified, but it was a very unfair trial. Everybody advised, "Don't do it." It's a very unfair trial. I wanted to testify, but in the end, it was the right thing to do .