I'm good.

Hello, everybody. It's great to be with you. I hope I'm being well represented. I have a feeling I am. I know that very well. So, I hope so.

That's --

OK.

Well, as you know, I cut taxes and regulations more than any other president. We had the biggest tax cut and bigger even than the Reagan tax cuts. And I also cut regulations far more than any other president. And they put -- they have put a lot of them back already. We will get them cut so fast. And, you know, it's very interesting.

One night, I went to business leaders and said, "Which was more important, these big tax cuts or these big regulation cuts?" Almost every one of them said regulation cuts.

And it made a big difference to their businesses, small businesses and big businesses. Great question.

Oh, well, I'll tell you, I got it pretty close. We had it for a little while. You know, we talk about $1.87. And now, it's getting -- it's on its way up as you see. You see what's going on. I'm seeing $4. I'm seeing $4.50, depending on where you buy it. But we actually had it to a $1.87, and we had it to a $1.52 at one point.

You know, different points. But we had the gasoline as low as it's been in a long time. So, I don't know if I can guarantee $1, but we're going to get it as low as we can. And that's a big spur for the economy. The lower you get it, that's a big, big spur for the economy.

Hi, Wesley.

So, about a month ago, I was at my building in Las Vegas having dinner with some big people, business people, that were, you know, planning some big developments I think. And the waitress came over and -- "How you doing? How you doing?" And she said, "Oh, the government is after me all the time for my tax on tips." I said, "Really, they do that?" And she said, "Yeah, they just made -- Biden just made the regulations much tougher." And it's very tough now, and it's tax on tips.

And I said, "How do you think -- how would you like to be no tax on tips?" Because first of all, it's very hard -- you know, it's a very hard thing to control from the government's standpoint. But the people are very unhappy about what's happening, especially the new regulations. And anyway, I just came up with the concept of no tax on tips.

Let the people earn what they earn. And it has been so popular beyond anything. I've never seen anything like it. So, we have no tax on tips. Vote for Trump, no tax on tips.

Hi, Ben. I'm good, Ben.

Right.

Well, the attacks have been unbelievable. What they say -- you know, they'll take a speech where I'll be out rallying the perfect speech for an hour, two hours. We have big crowds. We had over 100,000 people, 107,000 to be exact, in Wildwood, New Jersey. We have 25,000 in the South Bronx. We have 88,000 in South Carolina.

We have tremendous crowds. And you'll make a perfect speech. And this lowlife, Biden, will take the speech, his people, him and his people, and they'll cut sentences out, cut words out, cut sentences out. "Oh, Trump, look, he didn't make a good speech. You didn't make a good speech." And I do it logically without teleprompter.

You know, I don't need a teleprompter. He can't read a teleprompter. But these people are nasty. They're really horrible people. They really are. It's a shame. It's a shame. I've campaigned a lot over years, not even, you know, for myself. But in particular, I've campaigned against some pretty bad people for others.

But there's never been anything like this. They make up things. They -- you know "suckers and losers," which was never said. They know it, they make it up. They -- I mean, they literally make it up. You saw it with the 51 intelligence agents where they said that they got this done, where they said that the Hunter laptop from hell was all Russian disinformation.

And, you know, it's just a total made up thing. These people -- so you're right about that Ben when you say it, it really is a shame of shame. But the people understand it. We're leading in every poll.

And we're leading in every swing state. But one just came out, I guess Nate Silver, The New York Times, that we have close to a 66% chance of winning, which is a pretty good chance --

I guess, when you think about it, right?

Yeah, sure. Go ahead.

How are you? Thank you very much.

Byron, he was cutting out. Could you just repeat that question, please?

Well, I think it would be good for them if they did it. I think probably not. You know, it's very interesting. During the primary, CNN covered me, you know, very, very tough, but they covered me all the time. And I won it very quickly. I won it in record time. And Byron knows that, and Ben knows that. They're all there.

And Wesley was there. Wesley, good job on television this morning, by the way.

But they were all there. We won it in record. So, now, I'm making my speech to, you know, accept everything and to acknowledge the victories. And CNN started off, and then they edit. They -- Jake Tapper said, "All right, that's enough. We're not going to listen to him." So, they covered the whole primary, but they don't cover my victory speech.

So, you know, am I going to get a fair -- probably not. But it would be very good for CNN. They're having a lot of ratings problems. I think it would be very good for CNN, actually, in terms of its credibility. It'll be interesting to see.

Hi, coach.

Yeah.

Certainly.

Well, you know, that's an amazing thing.

When this happened.

And as you saw, all the legal scholars say, these are not cases. These are not cases that should be brought. It's just a terrible thing. It's weaponization. And it comes out of the White House. Even when it's city and state, it comes out of the White House in order to attack a political opponent. But since that happened, the Black support -- I think my representatives will tell you this, the Black support has gone through the roof.

And I guess they equate it to problems that they've had. But since this has happened, like the mug shot, the mug shot is the best set. It just beat Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra by a lot, by the way, beat them by a lot. But that's the No. 1 mug shot of all time. It's really an amazing thing. Since it happened, the support among the Black community and the Hispanic community has skyrocketed.

It's been amazing, really been amazing. It's been actually very nice to see.

You know, it's -- in one way -- in one way, you say, "Gee, isn't that too bad?" But the truth is, it's really a lovely thing when I see that. We have great support now in the Black community and in the Hispanic community.

Great support.

Well, I just want to thank everybody. It was, you know -- it was -- in fact, if we did it tomorrow, I'd be there. I'd be there despite tomorrow evening. It's going to be big. And they say maybe the biggest. Somebody said, "This will be the highest-rated show of all time." I said, "Don't tell me that. I don't want to hear that." Hey, I'm not interested in listening to that.

I actually said that to Byron. I'm not interested in that. But I just want to thank everybody for being there. You have my support. You know, we did a tremendous amount -- I wrote it down just a little while ago, doing it as I was going to make this call. Achieved the lowest African American unemployment rate, the lowest ever.

We delivered the largest small business tax cuts ever. We lifted 6.6 billion people out of the poverty, which is a record. Black Americans saw their largest increase in home ownership ever. We gave record funding for historically Black colleges and universities. I actually got them taken care of. They were really in bad shape.

And we passed it, and we did that. We passed historic criminal justice reform, which nobody else could get. And when I left office, we had almost no inflation, virtually no inflation, which is a killer in the Black community and every other community, frankly. And it's just a killer. We had absolutely the best, most beautiful -- we had very little inflation.

And now, the inflation is a disaster. It's killing the Black community, and it's killing the country, inflation. It's known as a country-buster. So, we did all those things. And you know, nobody else -- nobody else came close. And we'll do them again, and we'll do them even better.

Thank you all. OK, I'll see you tomorrow. Hope I see you all tomorrow. Thanks a lot.

Bye, everybody.