Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have you at Mar-a-Lago, my $18 million house on the ocean and the bay. And it's one of the problems we have. We have a court system that's very corrupt. We have a border that's open. We have a lot of problems in our country, and we have an election problem. And that's really what we're here to talk about today.

Speaker Johnson is going to be briefing you on what we discussed, what we agree on. But I would like to demand that our border be closed because we have millions of people coming into our country. Millions and millions of people are pouring in at levels that nobody is reporting, nobody's going to talk about.

But I believe you could have 15 million already in. Some are terrorists. They come from jails and prisons. They come from mental institutions and insane asylums. They come from all over the world, not just South America. They're coming from all over the world. Venezuela announced that their crime is down 67% because of the fact that they've taken the gang members, the leaders, and the members.

And they've deposited them very nicely into the United States of America. That's just Venezuela. It's happening with the Congo. It's happening with countries all over, Africa, Asia, South America. All over the world, it's happening. Our country is like a dumping ground, and we're going to have it stopped.

And Biden should do it immediately. He should close the border immediately. He needs no legislation. He doesn't need this gentleman -- he doesn't need anybody. He can do it -- I did it without any legislation. I had the best border we've had in every recorded history. He can close it immediately. If he would have left -- we had stay in Mexico -- Remain in Mexico.

We had catch and release in Mexico, not here. We had everything. It was perfect. It was a great. A great situation we had. And now, we have the worst ever. I don't believe in the history of the world, there's been a border like this. But we probably have 15 million people, and they come from places that you don't want to know about, and they're going to be big problems.

And it's getting worse. It's migrant crime. It's a new category of crime, migrant crime. And I'm just demanding -- I just demand -- as a citizen, I demand the border has to be closed. Our country cannot take it. No country could take it. It's not sustainable by any country. And we want to also mention election interference.

And we want to talk about election integrity for a little while. But basically, that's what we're working on. And I'll introduce the speaker who you know very well. He's doing a really good job under very tough circumstances. And I appreciate he came to Mar-a-Lago. We have a great conference, and there's a big turnout because people want this to be healed.

They want our country to be healed. They want our country to be united. And I think most people are united on the fact that they don't want people pouring in from prisons and jails and mental institutions. They don't want that to happen. They don't want it to take place, and it's not going to happen for long.

And that's why I say that November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country. That's the election. It's going to be the most important day in the history of our country. Thank you very much. And, Speaker, thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. Do you have any questions?

We're getting along very well with the speaker, and I get along very well with Marjorie. We have a speaker. He was voted in, and it was a complicated process, and I think very -- it's not an easy situation for any speaker. I think he's doing a very good job. He's doing about as good as you're going to do. And I'm sure that Marjorie understands that she's a very good friend of mine, and I know she has a lot of respect for the speaker.

We're looking at it right now, and they're talking about it, and we're thinking about making it in the form of a loan instead of just a gift. We keep handing out gifts of billions and billions of dollars, and we'll take a look at it. But much more importantly to me is the fact that Europe has to step up, and they have to give money.

We -- they have to equalize. If they don't equalize, I'm very upset about it because they're affected much more than we are. The Ukrainian situation would have never happened if I was president. Would have never, ever happened. And everybody says that, including Democrats, that it happened is such an outrage.

People -- millions of people are dead right now. Both sides, millions of people are dead. Cities are blown to ashes. You'll never rebuild those cities. It's certainly not like they were, so beautiful. And this is something that should have never happened. October 7th should have never happened in Israel.

Should have never happened. What happened there was outrageous. Iran was broke when I was president. People weren't buying oil from Iran. They weren't allowed to. If they were going to buy oil from Iran, then they weren't going to do any business in the U.S. And I said it to China. I said it to everybody.

They weren't doing business. They were broke. They didn't have money for Hamas. They didn't have money for Hezbollah. It would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened. It did happen. And now, it's a disaster. And it's only getting worse. So, it's very sad. No, I stand with the speaker.

We've had a very good relationship.

Because we don't need it any longer because we broke Roe v. Wade. And we did something that nobody thought was possible, we gave it back to the states. And the states are working very brilliantly, in some cases conservative, in some cases not conservative, but they're working -- and it's working the way it's supposed to. Every legal scholar, real legal scholar, wanted to have it go back to the states, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative, and we were able to do that.

You know, what we did was give it back to the states. And now, the states are working their way through it. And you're going -- you're having some very, very beautiful harmony, to be honest with you. You have -- well, you have some cases like Arizona that went back to like 1864 or something like that, and a judge made a ruling.

But that's going to be changed by government. They're going to be changing that. I disagree with that.

Excuse me, please.

Well, you know exactly which one it is. And when I was in New York and when I was a Democrat also, just like Ronald Reagan -- you know, Ronald Reagan was a Democrat. We sort of followed a very similar path. But if you look at what we've done with Roe v. Wade, we did something that everyone said couldn't be done, and we got it done.

And I give great credit to the Supreme Court and the justices for having the courage to do it. What they did is very simply give it back to the state. And I'll tell you, the Democrats are the radicals on this because they're willing to have abortions in the seventh, eighth, ninth month. They're even willing -- and you can call it what you want.

But you go back to the governor of Virginia, the previous governor of Virginia, the Democrat governor of Virginia, where he talked about execution of a baby after birth. And you can say what you want, but that's extreme and that's radical, and nobody should have that. And it has to be ended. Please go ahead.

Go ahead, please.

Well, it's unfortunate that people bring it up because, right now, we have much bigger problems. The country is a -- we're a nation in decline. We're a declining nation. We have tremendous inflation. The inflation is coming back at levels that nobody thought they really would have. If you look at the categories of inflation, they have the worst categories.

Many categories are not included. And if you included that, your inflation number would be substantially higher than it is now. And it's already at records. So, inflation is back. And a lot of bad things are happening in our country. But that's the least of it. You've got Russia could end up in -- you could end up in a world war between Russia, Ukraine, and all of the chaos.

And that's something should have never happened. It would have never happened. What's going on with Israel, October 7th, and what's going on with Israel could end up in a world war. We have a president that can't put two sentences together. We have a president that can't find the stairs off a stage. We have a president that doesn't know what the hell he's doing, and we could end up in a world war.

You know, we have just a little bit less than seven months now -- months before November 5th. But that's an eternity when people are incompetent.

Go ahead, please.

Which one?

Well, I'm not a big fan of FISA. I looked at it and I studied it, and I know it probably better than anybody. You know, they spied on my campaign. You do know that, right? And they did lots of other bad things. I'm not a big fan of FISA. But I told everybody, I said, "Do what you want." They put a lot of checks and balances on it. And I guess it's down to two years now so that it would come due in the early part of my administration on the basis that we live up to the polls because all the polls -- we just had another one come out.

We're leading by a lot. But it comes out quickly. I said, "You do what you want." But I'm not a big fan of FISA. I think it's terrible. Yeah, Bob.

Yeah, I would testify. Absolutely. It's a scam. It's a scam. That's not a trial. That's not a trial. That's a scam. If you read Jonathan Turley, if you read Andy McCarthy, if you read the legal -- they said there's not even a case there. That's election interference by the Biden administration. They actually took their top guy, one of their top guys, put him into the DA's office to run it, and it's a shame.

What they have done is incredible. It's election interference, and it's got to stop. It's a third-world country. This country has never done it. But you read Jonathan Turley, you read Andrew McCarthy, you read the legal scholars. Every single one of them said that whole thing is a scam. It's not even a crime.

And what they're doing is a crime. They are criminals. All right, Bob?

Yeah. Well. You know, jury selection is largely luck. It depends who you get. It's very unfair that I'm having a trial there. It's very unfair that we have this judge who hates Trump and has tremendous conflict, as you know, tremendous conflict. Nobody can believe that this judge isn't recusing himself. The conflict is at a level that nobody's ever seen before.

So, I have that, and I have venue. We have all these things that we've asked for. They don't give us anything. It's a witch hunt that takes place in New York and that is taking place. And it's very bad for New York, and it's very bad -- and it's very bad for the judicial system in New York.

I'm testifying. I tell the truth. I mean, all I can do is tell the truth. And the truth is that there's no case. They have no case. And again, you have to read the scholars, read all of the legal scholars. I haven't seen one legal scholar that said this is a case. And in fact, even you people said, "Oh, gee, it's too bad this is the first one." All of them are scams.

They're all about election interference. We have a -- we have a president that doesn't know where he is. He can't speak. The whole world is collapsing. The world is on fire. They have no respect for our country anymore. And the only way he thinks he can win is by doing this, you know, trials of Trump. We have Fani in Atlanta who's been so discredited now.

That was a setup with her boyfriend so they could take trips and take a lot of money out, and that's something that should be dismissed. Not just the prosecutor dismissed, the case should be dismissed. Every single one of them said, "Look at what happened with Biden. He gets off scot free." With 50 years of documents and classified information, he gets off scot free.

And I'm still fighting that trial. The whole thing is a disgrace, and it's a disgrace to our nation.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I don't want to say who I spoke to. But for the president of our country to actually put out a warning that he thinks that we're going to be attacked or they're going to be attacked, it's pretty pathetic. They wouldn't be attacking Israel if I were president, that, I can tell you. And they never did. They wouldn't be attacking.

Iran was in no position to attack. They had no money. They were broke. But now they have $221 billion, and they have Iraq, who has $300 billion. And Iraq has become a subsidiary of Iran. With all that we've done, with all of the fighting, all of the death, look at what happened, how incompetent the whole thing is. But I don't want to say who I spoke to, but I think it's a very, very dangerous period.

This is a very dangerous period of time in our nation. And a big reason that it's dangerous is that we have a president that's grossly incompetent. Thank you all very much. Thank you.