Great honor, and it's great to be here at this opening. It's an opening, and it's maybe an opening of more than just a building. I really believe it is.  And, you know, we all ultimately want one thing. We want peace in the Middle East. We're going to get peace in the Middle East.

I think it's going to happen very fast.  It can happen with the right leadership in Washington. You have a woman running against me. She shouldn't even be running against me. She hasn't got the capability.  But you have a woman running that won't get anything done.

She doesn't know where she is. She doesn't know what to do, and she's a very confused person. And I think I probably would take Biden over her. I have somebody -- you know, we were talking, the mayor -- first of all, it's an honor to be your friend, and it's an honor for that endorsement coming from you and highly respected man, somebody that really is respected in the community and long beyond this community.

A few people said, "Who is that guy? He's really something, right?" I think -- big, big plans for him, right? You know, it really is. It's a great honor. And I see somebody else, Mr. Mayor, if I could in the audience. So, United Auto Workers, so many of them, as you know, support me because I'm going to bring back the auto jobs, whereas, unfortunately, the head of the union doesn't have any clue.

He doesn't understand that the electric cars are going to drive everybody back to China. We're not going to have that. And we want the jobs in your community. And you have tremendous numbers of autoworkers in your community, which is something that I did not know. But I know now and I realize it. And so many of -- they've written and they've called.

And we're going to bring auto -- we're going to bring the companies back. You know, if you go back 50, 60 years, we were the -- the king and queen together of the auto industry. And now, it's been taken by China and Mexico and so many other countries. We're going to bring them all back. We're going to bring all of those companies that left back through a series of very, very smart and not very expensive incentives.

And we're going to then protect them so they don't get ripped off and robbed like everybody in our country has been over the last -- long period of time, for many, many years. So -- but I'd like to bring -- Brian, would you come over here for a second?  this man -- and I've seen them for a couple of years and I didn't know who he was, but he was a Trump fan like I've never seen, and he wanted to get the United Auto Workers on our side.

And he literally has 80 percent, a tremendous number of them, on our side because

Seventy, sorry. Seventy-nine?

It's pretty good. I'd say it's pretty good. But we have a tremendous amount of autoworkers on our side. Many of the autoworkers are in your community, and a lot of them are really great, I hear, very talented.

Yeah, very talented. But I'd like you to say a few words and what we're doing. And you missed the one meeting we had in Detroit, which was good. And I might say it here because it's important. So, I've been saying that Mexico is building two of the largest plants anywhere in the world. And we've got a -- which is that -- going to let it -- it would literally wipe out Michigan auto business.

And that would go South Carolina to a lesser extent because of certain reasons. But South Carolina, Tennessee, others also would be -- could maybe completely knocked out. I don't know. These are the biggest plants in the world. Somebody that I know very well is building them. And he told me about them a year ago, and I told the mayor about them, I told Brian about them.

We told a lot of people. And I've been talking about them now for over a year. And I said if we're -- if we're going to allow Mexico to build these massive plants, you're not going to have any jobs, they're all going to be gone. They're going to Mexico. They can produce so many cars out of these, you know, very modern.

You press a button, and the whole plant opens up. They don't have a lot of workers, but they have a lot of capacity. And so, I've been talking about this now for a period of over a year. And I found out about it from a man who's the biggest in the world at building auto plants. I think he's building these two.

In fact, I know he's building these two. But one in particular is just massive. And they were getting ready to start. And when I was in Detroit last time, I saw the gentleman who I hadn't seen for a while, and I said, "Let me ask you, John, how are those -- how are those plants coming?" "Sir, they've been stopped."

What? "They've been stopped." I said, "You mean the plants in Mexico?" Because I wanted to see a plant and I wanted to see one in the United States. He said, "Sir, we don't make them in the United States the way they do elsewhere." Now, these plants were owned by China and built in Mexico near our border.

They were going to just build across and just pour them in, and you wouldn't have had any -- which Brian understood and the mayor understood. You wouldn't have had any capacity. You wouldn't have had any -- any reason to be here and be making cars. So, I heard about this, and I hated it. And I talked about it for a year.

It was in every speech I made on autos. And I came up three weeks ago, we spoke before the Economic Club Detroit, and I talked about it. And then, I saw the gentleman in the audience, and I said, "Could I speak to you for a second? How are those plants coming?" "Sir, they've been stopped." They said, "What do you mean they've been stopped?" "They think you're going to be president, and you're going to charge tariffs, and it will make it economically impossible to build them."

So, they stopped   So, I need to tell you that, Brian.

So, what I've done is I've saved Michigan, I think, because -- and we're going to now -- we're going to reverse it. I'm going to go back to them. I say, "Build the plant in Detroit, build the plant up here, build it in the state of Michigan, or build it in the United States. We can handle that, right?  As long as it's in the United States.

But let's start over here, maybe you make a deal and you will make a deal. I think you can make a deal right here. And we'll end up having those plants built over here instead of built in other countries, other countries.  So, this plant that I was talking about for the last year, year and a half has stopped because they think I'm going to get elected.

They know if I get elected, I'm not going to let them sell cars into our country in order to destroy the rest of Michigan. You know, you had many times the number of cars being built many, many years ago. This was a different world. And you even see -- you see the empty hulks all over the place. So, we're going to start that little project.

We're going to get to the people -- they have plenty of money, but they don't want to lose money. And they would have lost a lot of money because I wasn't going to let any car come into the United States and destroy the Michigan automobile business.  Brian, say a few words.

Look at the arms -- look at the arms on this guy. I don't know, that's got to be a lot of lifting. I don't know. I think you have it naturally, actually. Well, I want to thank you. And I'm really and particularly proud that you are here because you've been right from the beginning. You understood it, you got it.

A lot of people don't understand it, and it's sort of easy to do. And I'm so happy that it happened before the election as opposed to after the election because this is big news. Now, I don't know if the fake news will cover it, but this has been -- no, think of it. The biggest plants in the world were going to be built, and now they've stopped.

And what that would do is really hurt America, and it'll devastate Michigan.  So, I'm glad you were able to hear it as soon as I got the information. But the information is solid. And we're going to get those plants to be built ideally right here, and we're going to work on it very hard.

As far as the election is concerned, we're doing very well. You see we're up in the polls pretty substantially. But they have -- they have a new thing, a new phenomena, and that's gambling polls. They call it the poly polls, something, I've never heard of it.  Polymarket, and we're I guess at 64 to 38 -- 36 something like that.

So, that's not bad. I don't know what the hell it means, but it means that we're doing pretty well. And we're the 64, by the way, OK? Just -- we don't want to be the 38 of 36. So, I just want to let the mayor know. I want to let the council members know, the three council members. I appreciate it. We won't forget it. Please stand up.

Yeah. And I want to thank Brian and all the people from the UAW -- and just autoworkers, frankly. UAW are not just autoworkers, and they're great autoworkers up here. This is where it all began. It all began. For the world, it all began right here. And then, slowly but surely and then actually rapidly, it got taken away from us like candy gets taken away from a baby.

They take that candy away from a baby so easy, and that's what they did to us. And a long time ago, you know, I told the story where I was given the man of the year or something. I was given a big award, and I came up and spoke, and I talked about how --this is long before I ran for politics. And by the way, the fake New York Times said it never happened.

And then, I found the event. I found it. Did you see that?

And they said, "Well, it never happened. There was no such award given or there was no such event." And fortunately, we found a newspaper article that talked about. I was up here. This is long before this -- this was probably 18 or 19 years ago. And I came up and I talked about, "Don't let them steal your jobs, don't let them steal your automobile factories."

And -- but they did. I wasn't involved. I was happily in the private sector. But this is much better, this is much more important for me because we're going to save America. We're going to save the automobile industry, which wouldn't have happened if we didn't come along. I mean, think of it, if you have all these places building these plants with China's money and other countries -- I'm not looking to blame China.

Other companies -- other countries, too. You don't have a chance, you don't have a chance. They were going to build a lot of different plants in Mexico and Canada. We have to watch Canada. But Mexico and Canada, all of a sudden, you're not -- you're going to say, "What happened to our industry?" We'll be bringing cars.

You'll be a parking lot for cars that are going to be sold in America. We're not going to let that happen. We're going to make the auto industry bigger and better and stronger than it's ever been before.  And this community is such a big factor. I'm surprised you knew that, Brian. I'm very impressed with you.

Do you have a little Arab blood in you maybe?

I know they are, and they're great people, too. And they're smart, and that's what we want. So, it's an honor to get your endorsement. It's an honor to be here as we open up this beautiful facility. And I'm going to be seeing you a lot, Mr. Mayor. And I think he has a hell of a future, don't you think?

Fake news. They never stop. You know, they say every week they have a different concept for me. I'm going to be the biggest dictator in the world. I'm going to destroy the world. I'm going to do -- they have so many things that they've said about me and no -- nothing, nothing sticks. Is this the new one? I'm going to come, and we're going to deport -- but just your community.

That's good. Well, I'll tell you what, they're also great people, they're great workers, and --  thank you very much. It's a tremendous honor to be with you. And now, we're going to go. We're going to make two stops, and we're going to make a big speech, but this was a very important one.

This is my first stop, and this is an honor of the mayor because, in particular, he and the three council members. Thank you very much. Thank you.

but more importantly, we will see you at the opening of these great auto factories that we're going to build.  Thank you, everybody.

I heard that.

How good are the restaurants? Is the food good or is it great?

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

I will. I will. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you, my friend.