Thank you. Do you want to start?

It would have been a great choice.

Good man. Great man.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. It's great to be here. Yeah, this was supposed to be just a little group.  We're talking about senior issues.  It's a lot of people in here. Thank you very much.

It's an honor. And I want to tell you, likewise, this man is a fantastic man. He has been from the day I met him -- from the day I met him. And he's smart and he can be tough. Oh, he can be tough. He can be -- you don't -- you don't know that. Right, Lee, we know. He can be a brutal guy, but -- but always on the side of right.

He's just a great guy, and he's been my friend. I think we have never had a little -- we haven't -- we've never even had a spat, have we?

In all the years, right?

Very, very good man, and --

We love --

We -- I love having him around, I'll tell you. I want to also thank -- as you know, we have Congressman Lee Zeldin, who's fantastic, almost -- almost did a big upset in New York. He ran against everybody's advice and he pulled it. I mean, he -- what you did was incredible. You showed it could be done, and maybe it can be done.

We're going to find out in a few days. Because we had something the other night -- it was incredible -- at Madison Square Garden. We could have filled it up many times. We could have filled that up, Mike, many times. We had it going down all the way down, the people, all the way back. If you're familiar with it, all the way down to the Hudson River, and nobody's seen anything like it, even the owners, good -- good people, very good people.

And they said "We've never seen anything like this," and they've had some pretty big championships there over the years, Madison Square Garden. And Wesley Hunt, a person with a tremendous future. Great job.

Thank you, Wesley. And this is an election that's really a choice between whether or not we'll have four more years of total failure. This has been the worst four years I've ever seen.  Gross incompetence. But total failure, disaster under Kamala Harris. Nobody knows she -- you know, if you -- I say all the time.

If you say Harris, nobody knows who the heck we're talking about, right? Harris. And this is what we have. Or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. And we're starting -- we're starting a little bit from behind because we've been set back -- we've been set back badly in every single way.

With inflation, I mean, the costs are way too high, and inflation is still higher than it's supposed to be with all that they've done to try and get it down. But they used the number, Mike, 20 percent, but it's probably 40 or 50 percent if you really look. Look, interest rates with us were 2 percent.

And now, they're 10 percent and you can't get the money. They don't include interest rates. That's a big deal if you're buying a house or anything else. And so, many other things they don't include. Just like they don't include in their crime statistics the places that -- places that have the worst crime.

We had that during the debate where David Muir of ABC said, "No, no. Crimes --" I said crime is through the roof. He said, "No, sir. It's down. It's down. Crime is down." The next day, they release it. I said it's up 45 percent, and it's up. We have tremendous migrant crime. If you look at just that, it's been a disaster, a very dangerous crime.

It's terrible, what's happened at our border, what they've done to our country. At the border -- you know, Mike, I think it's interesting to say because every poll has inflation and the economy as the No. 1 thing and third is the border. I don't think it's that. I think inflation is horrible. It's destroying people.

It's a country buster. But I don't think it's inflation. I think it's -- I don't think it's the economy. I think the No. 1 thing is the border, that millions of people are being sent into our country. It was announced last week, you saw that, by the Border Patrol, which, by the way, endorsed me. They endorsed me so nicely.

They've endorsed me every year, even though they're not supposed to. You know, I think they're not supposed to, and they said, "We can't -- we have to do what we have to do." But we had the best border ever in the history of our country. And now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. This is the worst border in the -- there's never been a border like this.

They have open border. Anybody can come in. When I heard they were going to do that -- you know, we built 571 miles of wall. We had another 200 miles, far more than I said I was going to build. We had another 200 miles. It was going to be -- it could have been put up in three weeks. It was all there, laying there, waiting to be lifted.

It could have been put up in three to four weeks, and they said, "We don't want to do it." And I said, "Wow, that's strange." If they don't want to do it, that means they must really want open borders, but I can't imagine wanting open borders. Who would want open borders? But they want open borders. Who would want men playing in women's sports? They want it.

Who would want transgender operations for almost everybody in the world? They want them. This is a sick group of people, I'm telling you. And there's a great evilness. You know, we want to come together as a country, but there's a lot of -- there's a lot of evil there. There's a lot of -- you'd say, "Why do they want it?" And so, there's basically three reasons.

Number one is they're stupid, which they're not because I can tell you, in Lancaster County, which we know very well, they found 2,600 fake voter registrations. You heard that. It's a big story. Well --

Where is it? Now, I think we have a very good DA, and he's probably going to do his thing, and I hope he will. But it's -- it's all written by the same hand, OK? Maybe that's just coincidence. Maybe everybody has exactly the same handwriting, right? So, we just found that. That was one. And then we have in York -- I remember York, easy to remember because I used to lift weights for about a week.

It's true. Then I realized I don't want to do it. I realized I don't like it, Mike. But I -- and York was the barbells and all that stuff. I think that's moved to China, along with a lot of other things. Well, maybe we'll bring it back. We're going to tariff the hell out of them. We'll bring it back.

I'd love to bring it back. No, it's true. I actually -- I like to build things. So, I'm building a gym. I'm building this gorgeous gym in my house, in the basement of my parents' house, and I'm putting it up, and I was having it. It was so -- I couldn't sleep at night. I was so excited. I was going -- it was really beautiful.

I'm really good at that. And then the barbells came, and I said, "Oh, this was no fun." I liked building the place. After it was built, I sort of -- they sat there for a long time. But I remember they came from York, PA, right? And it was big -- it was big stuff. But the other reason -- I mean, if you think, the other reason would be that they really -- they really would like to sign these people up to vote, right? And that's crazy.

And the third reason would be they hate our country because who would want to have millions of people coming into our country? Many of them are murderers, many of them are terrorists, many of them are gang members from the street, MS-13, and -- and almost worse -- you know, the -- the Venezuelan gangs are almost worse.

And these countries are taking their prisons and they're taking their prison population, putting them in buses, and bringing them to our border. Venezuela's got -- half their prison population has been brought to the United States of America and dumped like we're a -- like we're a garbage can -- like we're a garbage can for their people.

And these are rough prisoners. These are really rough people. These are not people that you want to say, "Oh, gee, let's have dinner tomorrow night." These people are tough and mean, and they're coming into our country by the hundreds of thousands. And we have over 21 million people in three and a half years.

If they ever got possession -- and -- and, you know, we have a real problem. We have to get -- we have to take these criminals out of this country. We have to deport these criminals, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it. And -- and I know this is a senior -- very much a senior-oriented little meeting, but Mike and I were talking, I think this is a big senior issue.

There's no -- this is the biggest issue we have. They're destroying our country. They're ruining our country. You're not going to be able to walk outside anymore. And they're depositing them. So, they were saying -- Kamala -- Kamala was saying yesterday, "No, no, I really think walls are fine." Well, for her whole life, walls are forget it.

And the only two things, remember, that work without obsolescence are walls and wheels, right? And walls work, and they worked with us, and they worked brilliantly with us. And she was against the wall. She voted against it. She sued us to try and have it taken down as we were building it. It was very hard to get approval.

And what I did is I just said, you know, this is crazy because I -- I rebuilt the entire military, the entire US military. They shouldn't have given a lot of it to Afghanistan. They gave a big chunk to Afghanistan in the most embarrassing moment. But we rebuilt the entire military. We're going to do it a little bit again because they've given a lot of -- lot of it away.

We defeated ISIS. We did all of these things. We get -- got you the largest tax cut in the history of our country, the -- larger even than Ronald Reagan's tax cut, the largest regulation cuts. We're the best economy in the history of our country. We did so many -- we did so many things, and what we want to do is we want to make it safe for everybody, for seniors -- this is a big senior issue -- but for seniors and all.

These are people that -- these are high-end criminals. They have 629,000, all released by -- all -- everyone. These numbers were given to us by Border Patrol. They never did it before either. They never talked about it specifically. They'd say a lot of people are coming in. But they were given to us by Border Patrol.

Hundreds of thousands of high-end criminals are released, and she's the border czar. She was put there by sleepy Joe Biden, and then he went back to sleep. He said, "Oh, now, it's in good shape." And, you know -- and when they endorsed me, the question was asked of the top person who made a beautiful speech, Paul -- I -- I would call them all the time.

I'd call them, "How are we doing on the border," once a week, twice a week. I'd just like -- you know, I was the president and they're destroying our country. And these guys are great. They want to do their job, but they're sort of not let, but I let them do their job. That's why we got the lowest number.

But she said that -- I said, "Did she call you often?" "No." "Oh. In three and a half years, how many times did she call," thinking, you know, it'd be dozens. "She never called." I said, "Wait a minute, she's the border czar. She's the one that's in charge of the border. She was put there by Biden and she never called?" "No, sir. She never called one time."

And when they endorsed me, they said, "He's the greatest president on the border, but he's the greatest president overall that we've ever had." I said -- Mike, I said, "Does that include --" I -- I said to them -- they said, "He's the greatest president we've ever had." And then one of them said, "Sir, he's -- you're the greatest president in my lifetime."

I said, "I like the first one more, that we've ever had." I said -- so the greatest president that we've ever had. I said, "Does that include Abe Lincoln?" "Yes, sir." "Does that include George Washington?" "Yes, sir." I said, "That's good," right? But -- but they also said -- I mean, more importantly, for purposes of this, they said the best border president.

And without question, that -- I was that. I mean, I was that. So, we've got to -- we're going to talk about some other things that, frankly, in many cases, are a lot less interesting because this is a big thing and it's very interesting. We -- we had some people over at Mar-a-Lago today, and we had a press conference.

And we had a mother who lost her beautiful 12-year-old daughter to a illegal migrant that came in. Should have never been in the country. And we have them by the thousands. Laken Riley. So many -- so many people. You know Laken Riley from Georgia. I could name 30 of them right now. And I've gotten to know, in many cases, the parents.

They're just devastated. I don't know if they'll ever recover. I'm not sure that you ever recover from that, Mike, what they're going through. And I meet these people, and they're just, like, devastated, and it's all because they have an open border policy. People come into our country from places unknown, and they have -- they just walk in.

They just walk right through everybody. And nobody wants this. Nobody can want this. How do you win an election with this? You only can win elections if you cheat with this. Who wants that? Who wants all this stuff that they do, all the transgender stuff, all of the -- the woke military? We don't have a woke military.

Let me tell, you, we have a great military. They knocked out ISIS in a matter of weeks when I was there. They said it was going to take five -- five years, and we took about four weeks. And -- and they'll never be woke, by the way. These are people -- I got to know them very well. These are not woke people.

You have guys like Milley on the top, who's -- should have been fired immediately.  No, I mean, he should have -- he should have been fired. He had -- whoever was involved with Afghanistan in that horrible period of time, that horrible day, but it was a little more than a day, where we lost 13 great soldiers.

We had -- they never talk about the ones that lost the arms, the legs. The face was obliterated. They never talk about them. They act like, oh, this is fine. It's not fine. We had -- many, many people lost their legs, and many people died. And many people on the other side died. I count them, too, I mean, people on the other side.

Hundreds of people died that day. And it should have never taken place. We gave up Bagram. When you leave, you take the soldiers out last. You don't take the soldiers -- they took the soldiers out first. Our soldiers came out first, and it was totally -- just a horrible situation. And I think, Mike, Putin saw that, and he said, "Well, these people, they're a paper tiger. Let's go into Ukraine."

I know -- I know Putin would never have done it if I was president.

There's not even a chance. I used to -- no, there's not a chance. I used to talk to him about it. "Don't do it, Vladimir. Don't do it." I know it was the apple of his eye. I say, "Don't do it, Vladimir. Don't do it. Oh, this is going to be terrible, Vladimir, if you do that. It's not going to be good."

You know, don't forget, I -- I ended their pipeline, Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2 until I came along. They were building the biggest pipeline in the world to Germany and all over Europe. And I said, "No, you're not going to do it. You mean, we're defending you from Russia and you're paying Russia billions of dollars a month for oil and gas? We're not going to do that."

I mean, it's so ridiculous, under NATO. And we stopped it. And then Biden comes in, he approved it, but he stopped the Keystone Pipeline, which we needed. That's our pipeline. He stopped that, but he approved -- and then they say, "Trump wasn't that tough on Russia." I was so tough on Russia. It was the biggest project they've ever had.

I stopped it. And so, we have a country that's been run by fools. It's been run by stupid people, low-IQ individuals. They really are. They're low IQ. He was low IQ. Biden was a low-IQ guy 35 years ago. He was a low-IQ guy when he went to school, when he went to college. He was always a low-IQ guy. But he put somebody in who's actually worse than him.

And if we put her in office, this country is finished. I really believe it. This country is finished. One of the reasons the stock market is going up -- Scott Bessent, who's one of the biggest, most respected people on the -- on Wall Street. He's a very brilliant guy. Of course, if he said differently, I probably wouldn't be saying this, but he said the only reason the stock market is going up is because everybody on Wall Street thinks that Trump is going to win the election.

I think there's truth to it. So -- so, we have to keep you safe. In addition, from a medical standpoint, Mike, we have to keep them safe physically from these people that are coming in, and we're going to do the -- I mean, I don't like doing this, but we're going to do the largest deportation in the history of our country to get all of these criminals out.

And it's not going to be easy. And, you know, I -- I say that, and, you know, who has the record? Dwight Eisenhower. And I'd call him a moderate. But he hated to see people coming in from other countries and violating our borders. He was right. But he has -- he was a very big deporter. He -- he deported people.

When they walked into our country, he'd take them out, and he has the record. And I -- I don't -- it's not a record that I want either. We all have a heart, but we have no choice. Now, you have also -- and you also have others, and we'll also finish that. No, we'll -- we're going to put up sections of the wall that would have been put up in three -- in -- in a matter of weeks, it could have -- you know what they did with this wall? Much of it, they sold for $0.

05 on the dollar for scrap metal. And we're going to have to buy it again, but we're not going to pay $0.05. We're going to pay a lot. It was very expensive. This was a wall designed specifically for it. In fact, I often talk about it. I never liked the panel on top. You know what it was called? An anti-climb panel.

It looked beautiful when you had just -- but when you put the panel on top, it didn't look as good. And I said, "Why do you do that?" They said it's anti-climb. I said, "I don't believe it is." And we -- we actually had mountain climbers and drug climbers. We got a couple of them. It's unbelievable. They can carry a 100-pound sack on their back.

They can go up that thing. You and I could never do that, I think.

You and I can't. No, they go up like it's -- like it's nothing. And actually, the anti-climb panel worked. So, I said, "Good." So, it was built specifically out of steel, concrete, and rebar, and hardened steel, very hardened concrete. So, we built so many miles of it, and it worked, and we had the -- we had the best.

And by the way, Mexico did pay. They paid a big price. They weren't able to pay for the wall, but they gave us tens of thousands of soldiers. I said to the president, "You're letting these people into our country, you have to give us soldiers to protect us while we're building the wall." "I can't do that. I can't do that."

I said, "If you can't do that, then I'm going to put tariffs on every product that you make, and we're going to charge you 25 percent tariff." And he said to me, "Like I said, I'd love to do that. That would be --" That's what happened. Millions and millions, maybe billions, but millions and millions of dollars they spent on -- they gave us, and I said, "Free. I don't want to pay for your soldiers. I want it free because they're coming through your country into our country."

And we did a lot of things. We did great things. And very important was the rebuilding of our military. But in part of the rebuilding, I said, look, this is an invasion into our country because you couldn't deal with Congress. You had guys like Mitch McConnell and others that were just absolutely terrible, I tell you.

He can be Republican. He can be -- I'm a -- I'm a person that says it like it is.  And guys that -- guys that were -- guys that were not -- guys that were really not on our side very much. And I will tell you, I said this is an invasion of our country. I'm going to take it out of the military because the military had a tremendous -- I -- I was able to get tremendous amounts of money to rebuild our military.

We -- we have jets that were 50 years old. We had -- Mike would often hear stories where you had the bombers where the grandfather flew the plane, the son flew the plane, and then the grandchild was flying the plane. They were all the same plane. It was like so old. And we rebuilt our -- almost our entire military.

We're going to be upgrading that.  So, we did a lot of things, and we did a lot of things medically. One thing I'd like to talk about is Right to Try. So, do you know what that is? I hope nobody in the room needs it. But we have the best labs, doctors, technicians, but our laboratories are the best for new medicines and everything.

They're really amazing. And -- but you can't get it approved. I mean -- and rightfully. You can't get it by the FDA. They -- they can't stand me, by the way. I used to push them. I got it down from 12 years to five years, but they need certain times. I mean, they do need -- I wanted it to -- I want everything to be rushed, but you can't necessarily do that.

But we have a situation where we have things that are really good. We're pretty sure they work. They may not, but we're pretty sure they work. And I said, "Why isn't it -- if a person's terminally ill, why can't they use this stuff that may or may not work?" "Sir, it's been going on 48 years." They couldn't get it worked out.

The country didn't want it because our country would be sued. The insurance companies definitely didn't want it. The labs didn't want it because they didn't want a terminally ill person to be using, you know, something that's going to be, like, show badly where they have to put it down, they have to do their -- their lists.

And they don't -- they don't want to be -- they call it a list. They don't want to be on the list. Somebody is terminally ill and dies in using the medicine. I understand that. So, I got everybody in a room, every one of the doctors, the labs, the insurance companies, and even the country representatives, the Justice Department.

They all came in because they couldn't get it done. I said, "Here's what we'll do. Somebody can use it." And, you know, these people were going all over the world. They were going to Asia, they were going to Europe, if they had money, and they would get scammed many times, but they'd go all over the world.

We couldn't do it here. And most of them that had no money, they'd go home and they'd die. I'd say, "Look, if somebody is terminally ill, I want to give them a shot at life." It's a great feeling at least. At least they can say, "Well, you know, I've got something and maybe it'll work and maybe it won't."

But what -- you know the expression, what the hell do we have to lose? Somebody is terminally ill. Why -- they were saying we'll be sued. I said you're not going to be sued. So, we worked out, and it didn't take that long, after 48 years, within a period of about a month, and then I got it approved by Congress.

Believe it or not, we could get things done. But think of this. We got it approved and everybody agreed. Anybody that signed that document, you wouldn't sue anybody. If something happened to your family, the family would sign, the person would sign. No liability for anybody, and you have the right to try.

We have saved thousands and thousands of people. And it's very interesting. Some of the biggest -- some of the biggest proponents of it now are the people that fought it the hardest to get it, like the laboratories, the medical companies, because it actually showed that it worked. People are terminally ill; and, in many cases, they came back.

They had absolutely no problems. They have no disease. They have no anything. It's called Right to Try. We did that. Nobody thought we could get it approved. We got it approved. They signed a waiver of liability and -- which, in business, you sort of do. But I got everybody into a room, I said we got to do this.

And we've used -- I have -- a person who works for me was saved because of that. A very great person that works for me was saved because of Right to Try. There was no medicine. There was nothing that was going to work, but there was a space-age something -- you know, a medicine that they were going to use and that they did use, and it saved -- anyway, it saved millions of lives, all these different things that they're developing.

And in some cases, it doesn't work. But in many cases, it does. I would say, in many more cases, it does. So, Mike, we saved thousands and thousands of lives. And again, I hope nobody in this room needs it, but it's -- it's awfully good. It's awfully good. At least it gives you a hell of a shot, and it turned out to be really amazing.

So, I'd like to ask Mike to now take over and go around the room. I'd love to hear from Ed and Ted and everybody, and we'll see how we're doing, OK? Thank you very much. Thank you. It's a great honor. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Don't -- don't do it. You can get yourself in trouble. He wanted to be cute. I've done that. Don't do it. Say I love my wife very much.

Good. Good answer.

Right.

Yeah. It's terrible. Thank you, Donald.

Thank you. Well, we love it. I know it very well, and we helped you through a lot of bad storms. I'll tell you, we had some really bad ones. You remember, you were there when I brought the hospital ship against everyone's advice, and we got it in there --

And took care of a lot of people. But I think no president has done more for Puerto Rico than I have. So, thank you. That's really nice of you to say. I appreciate it. Thank you, Maribel.

Could I -- could I ask you a question? So --

I'm watching how sharp and smart and beautiful you are, and we're not allowed to say that, you know, politically. That's the end of your career. But she is beautiful. But I'm -- I'm just watching, and I see it says retired. Why are you retired? You should not be retired.

You got a lot of strength.

You look fantastic. Thank you. Great job.

Thank you, Maribel.

Well, they are special interests, there's no question about it, but there are no special interests with me. I don't care. I don't need it. I don't need the money. I don't need anything. I want to do what's right. But Maribel is going to be my consultant. She's only the special interest. She's going to be my consultant.

All right. You let me know. You know more than -- you know more than those guys that get paid a lot of money doing what you do, and you do it so well. It's really great. Thank you very much. Yeah, the answer is absolutely, we'll do what's right.

Thank you, Maribel.

I like it.

Great.

Yes.

Yes.

Thank you, Joe. Thank you, Joe.

Joe, thank you very much.

That's really nice.

That's right.

That's right.

Well, those are good thoughts. And the only -- the only mistake that this great husband of yours made was it's not 10 million, it's probably 21 million, you know, which is -- and that doesn't include the gotaways. You know what a gotaway? Those are the people that just pour in, and, you know, they're just -- they're all pouring in.

And we're not going to stand for it, number one. And number two -- number two, we can't. And, you know, the reason they come is because we say we'll give you -- I mean, they actually tell them we're going to give you health care. We're going to give you this. We're going to give you Social Security. We're going to give you education.

We have a community in Springfield, Ohio, where 32,000 illegal migrants were put into a 50,000-person community, and you can't get into the hospitals. You can't get into the schools. You can't do anything. It's a disaster. And it's all going to change. It's not sustainable. I mean, it's not -- you had a nice community, Springfield.

And now, it's -- you heard about this, Mike, 32,000 illegal migrants. Now, they sort of made it legal by playing cutesy with the law, but they're illegal migrants. And it's just not sustainable. This is happening all over the country. In terms of pricing, what you're really alluding to is drill, baby, drill because when we bring the energy costs down, everything's coming down.

And we have more energy under our feet than any other country, including Saudi Arabia and Russia. And we were, as you know, energy-independent four years ago. And now, it's a mess. We're buying it from -- we're buying tar, big batch of tar from Venezuela, and we're refining it. It's a mess. And we have the best energy, we have the best oil, we have the most oil, and we don't want to -- we don't want to use it.

We want to go and give money. You know, Venezuela is the enemy, and we, now, are making them a very rich enemy. It's not even believable, what they're doing. They don't know what the hell they're doing. But we're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to use our stuff. We don't need anybody else's.

And we're going to open up ANWR in Alaska, which is as big as Saudi Arabia. They say the biggest in the world. I got it open. Ronald Reagan couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. For 60 years, they couldn't do it. I got it done. And Biden comes in and he decides to not let it happen. I'll get that thing open so fast.

We'll supply to everybody. And we'll start paying down our debt and all of those good things. But your costs are going to come down. You bring energy -- energy is really -- more than anything else, it was their spending, but it was also energy. That's really what brought up the cost because energy, you need it for everything.

If you make donuts, you need it for the stove, you need it for the trucks, for delivery. You need it. And we're going to have so much energy. And one of the pledges that I make is that we are going to have energy costs, which are very high right now, and that includes gasoline -- we're going to get rid of the mandate, by the way, the electric mandate for your cars.

That's going to come off, and that's great. You know, if somebody wants an electric car -- I mean, Elon Musk gave me the biggest endorsement you've ever seen, and his cars are great, but -- but not everybody needs to have an electric car or wants to have an electric car. You're going to be able to get hybrids.

You get regular gasoline-powered cars. But we're going to bring your energy costs down by 50 percent within one year. By the way, it's going to be easy. We can do it, nobody else can, because we have so much. It's right under us, even in New York state. They don't realize that New York state is sitting on a tremendous amount.

And -- and if they used it, Lee would -- I told Lee. Lee would have opened that up in two seconds. They don't want to drill for the environment. And the people in Pennsylvania, they're sitting there, they have a Cadillac. And the people across the line, the line is right here, and they don't have a car.

And it's just absolutely -- we have so much energy in this country. We're going to bring down the prices. That will bring down everything else, and you'll be in great shape. But you -- that's fantastic. I'm fascinated by you. I've -- so they say that, as a pilot, the hardest thing you can do is land on an aircraft carrier.

Have I heard -- is that a correct statement? Do you land on an aircraft carrier?

You've got to be kidding. She might be better than you.

Right.

That's fantastic. It's a great story. Thank you very much, both. Appreciate it.

That's -- that's true.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Ed.

Good.

Thank you.

Thank you very much, Ed. Very nice. I appreciate it. Lee is -- Lee is -- Ed, Lee is alluding to the fact that the Teamsters took a vote, and 61 percent -- this is nationwide -- 61 --

Sixty-two percent of them support Trump.

And they have a very good head. They have a man named Sean O'Brien, who's a great guy. He's the head of it. And -- but he released those numbers, which is, you know, something I appreciated very much.

And the firefighters, the same thing. They support me, the rank-and-file, which we -- so we have a lot of the union -- a lot of the unions beyond that. I think the autoworkers in Detroit, they -- so we're going to bring back a lot of plants into Michigan. We're going to bring them back very fast. And you probably read, Mike, where I killed -- they were building a giant plant in Mexico, sponsored and owned by China, and I let them know -- and that would have destroyed Michigan.

That would have -- this plant would have made as many cars as all of Michigan. This was going to be the largest plant in the world, and I let them know, you build that plant and we're going to put the biggest tariffs on those cars you've ever seen. And, you know, that was -- about two weeks ago, they've just announced they're not going to build the plant.

That's a great thing. Isn't that good? Now, if they want to build it in the US, that's OK, Ed.

If they want to build it, Mike, in the US, that's OK, but they're not going to build it in another country and send the cars in here and destroy all of -- and this is what's happening -- that's what's been happening for 50, 60 years. So, they just announced -- China just announced they're not going to build the plant.

I'm very happy about that. Thank you very much, China.

Thank you.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Thank you.

Thank you.

That's very nice. Isn't that nice? I knew I liked her.

It's very nice. Thanks.

Yeah.

What did they do with the house? What happened with the house?

See, I'm in the real estate business, so it's always interesting.

Right.

Right. Right.

A good area, good area for sale.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Good.

That's good. Well --

I did.

It was suggested to me by a very -- actually, a very smart reporter, if you can believe this, right? Reporter. There are some smart ones out there. Good one, actually. Good person. And suggested a tax deduction for caregivers because they -- you know, you devote the time as a family to it, and -- and if you had to hire people, I mean, you wouldn't have enough people.

You wouldn't be able to do it. Families take care of their children. You know, when we have servicemembers coming back from wars, sometimes the wives, and sometimes the wives don't want to do it. They won't. They -- bad things happen. You understand. They come back and they're injured, badly injured.

The mother takes care of the son and has to take care of the son for a long period of time. It's very sad when you see it happening. They go out to war and they come back and they have problems, difficulties. And so, I want to make it so that we're getting tax credits for those people that take care of people because honestly, if -- if you -- if these people -- a lot of them are called Angel Moms, and they're called a lot of different things.

And -- but they're beautiful names. Actually, beautiful names. They're beautiful people. And not everybody's like that, to be honest with you. But when we have people like that, I think they should be given that tax credit that we talked about. I mentioned it the other night at Madison Square Garden.

great.

Right.

Will you be able to finish the house yourself? Will you be able to?

Well, if you need a little extra -- am I allowed to do this? I will -- because I'm not in office now, so I could do it, but you'll come to me a little bit, OK? You'll call up, Mike. Mike will come. So, if you need -- if you need a little extra, we'll help you out, OK? All right? You get -- you left -- and I'll have him be the guy to figure it out. All right? All right, Mike?

That's a beautiful story. Thank you very much

Lovely -- you're a lovely woman. Beautiful. Beautiful.

I'm glad the pilots didn't give me any story like that, right? Thank you. Well, good luck with it. Beautiful story.

Yeah, I know.

It sounds like a great mother, actually, right?

That's great. Beautiful story. Thank you.

Thank you, Kathleen.

He's in great shape. He's 100 years old.

Thank you, Ed. I saw Ed backstage, by the way. He looks like he's like 60. It's crazy. He's got the best skin. I said, "What do you do with your skin? It's so beautiful." Look at you. Oh, he's got good hair. He's got the whole package. Am I allowed to say your age? Am I allowed to say that?

Oh, no. I don't -- you'd be shocked. It's great to be with you. You are a character, too. He's got his beautiful wife, but you are really something. Thank you very much. Thank you. Let me stand up.

Thank you, Ed. He's a great guy.

Thank you very much. Very nice. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.

That's great.

It's not even possible, that's what they're doing. It's not even possible to believe, actually.

Well, you know, we'll do it immediately. So, we -- I -- I think I mentioned before that we have the highest rating of anybody in maybe ever at the VA. We did a lot of things. And we also did something where we were allowed to get rid of civil servants that were really bad people that were -- and I love civil servants, but this was a group of civil servants, a certain percentage, turned out to be 9,000 people.

We got rid of them, and we put people that could take care of our -- these were sadists. These were people that treated the vets unbelievably. I mean, these are sick people. And we fired them, and we replaced them with people that can take care of our people that love our country and love our vets. So, it's a great thing.

We'll get it done fast. You mentioned the word parole. That's a word they use now. They bring people in, and they just say you're paroled. And now, they're, all of a sudden -- like, it's supposed to mean some form of citizenship. That's what they're doing in Springfield, Ohio. Thirty-two thousand people, they're under parole, and people that are in this country.

And -- and you take a look at -- you know, they're putting a lot of -- the people that come in illegally, and some of these people are really -- these are -- I'm trying to be nice. These are really rough people. Our soldiers are laying out on the streets in New York and other cities --

And these people are walking through the main entrance of a hotel that's right there. They're laying here and the people are walking right by them and they're going into hotel rooms, in some cases, luxury hotel rooms. The government is paying a fortune to these hotel companies that have them. And the hotel company no longer -- they don't even want to deal with regular people anymore.

They get -- they get a bigger check than they've ever made in their life. They're making more money than they ever made in their lives running it as a migrant hotel. But you have veterans that are sleeping on the streets outside. It's freezing or it's hot. And it's all going to be changed, Ted. But I mean, you brought it up beautifully, but I'm glad you mentioned the word parole because that's a bad word right now.

That's a bad word to a lot of people right now. They're using that word to get people illegally into this country, as far as I'm concerned. Thank you very much.

We'll take care of it. We're going to work on it fast.

Fast.

It's true. It's true.

Well, thank you. And first of all, you -- you are a fantastic young guy, and he's a great lawyer, great everything, and a very successful congressman. And he's a friend of ours, and he's really been great. Mike, I know how you feel about him, but I appreciate it. And Wesley, likewise. You didn't get a chance to speak as much.

I was going to say, let's let him speak for about a half an hour because he's a very impressive guy, but he doesn't need to do that. Just to say that we're going to take care of things. We're going to do things. And, you know, you are right, I didn't need this. I could have been in the most beautiful beaches in the world.

I could have had a wonderful life like some other people. I would have had the greatest. But -- but, you know, if I had it to do again -- a lot of people say if you had it to do again -- and Joe was nice enough to mention, it was -- I mean, they've been brutal, these people. They are horrible people.

A lot of them are just absolutely horrible people that do not love our country. But if I had it to do again, would I rather be on the beach with the water, that beautiful salt water hitting me in the face, my white skin getting all nice and tanned, or would I rather be here with you in Pennsylvania, making sure that people aren't going to cheat on the vote? And -- and I will -- I will take you and Pennsylvania every single day.

I will. I will do it. No. And the reason is, Joe, and the reason is, Lee and Wesley and Mike -- and it's so great that we're all together because we've all been friends for a long time. But the reason is that we're going to make America great again. We're going to do something that nobody -- you know, a lot of people were worried about our country.

This country is in very bad shape. We're a failing nation. We really are. We're a nation in decline, as -- as some people would say. But we are a nation in decline, and we're not going to be a nation in decline for long. We're going to turn it around very fast. [Audience member calls out "We need you now."

] And we're going to make America great again. And I want to just thank everybody, and it's a real honor. The spirit -- you see the spirit, Mike, it's incredible, the spirit that we have right here. It's all over. It's all over the country. And, you know, there's a word called hope. People really want -- we did great the first time.

We did much better the second time. We ran in 2016. Then we ran -- and as you know, we did -- Joe, we did much better. We got millions more votes. But there's never been anything like this, the spirit, and part of it is that let's assume I haven't changed that much, I had these similar ideas and everything, but they see how badly our country is run.

It's being destroyed by incompetent fools. And we're not going to let it happen. We're going to turn it around. We got to win. We got to win. We have six days, six days to go, Joe. We got to win. So -- and thank you very much. A great honor to be with you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone.