And, perhaps, I should stand closer to the flag, right? Because it's a very special flag indeed. Three years ago, we were energy independent. We had the strongest borders in the history of our country. We had the strongest economy in history. We didn't have Israel being attacked. We didn't have Ukraine being attacked, and they would have never been attacked.

We didn't have China threatening to take Taiwan. We didn't have ships being blown up all over the Middle East like what happened today. We had a strong country, we had a respected country. And everybody was doing much better in this room. And I was better --

For the farmers, they say -- thank you. I was better for the farmers, they said than any president in the history of our country. I got -- I got China to pay $28 billion to the farmers of our country because they took advantage of politicians that were doing a very poor job. And frankly, they took advantage of our great farmers.

And that's not going to happen, and it will never happen with me. I stood up for ethanol like nobody has ever stood up for it. And I think that's very important. That has a big impact on Iowa and some other places. But in particular, you. And we did a job like, frankly, nobody has done in a long, long time.

We didn't have terrorism. We didn't have people pouring into our country. We didn't have an invasion where people are pouring in and coming in from prisons all over the world, from mental institutions and insane asylums all over the world. We have terrorists coming in now. In '19 -- in 2019, you probably saw the same chart, it was actually a little hard to believe even for me, they had zero terrorists coming into our country captured.

And as soon as we had an unfortunate event -- we know we got more votes last time than any sitting president in the history of our country.

And then they said, gee, we lost by a whisker, you know, by somebody that would never got out of the basement. So, we're going to be very careful. We all have to work together on that. We have to be very careful. But we had a country like we've never had. We had the most successful country we've ever had.

We had the best economy we've ever had.

And it was an honor to have won your state twice. You know, we won twice, and we won decisively. And in fact, no president that's won Iowa, Ohio, and Florida has ever lost an election except for us. And again, we won twice, and we won in landslides all of those states. And we're going to win them again. We have better poll numbers now than we've ever had.

We -- we've beaten Biden, and I call him crooked Joe Biden. He's the worst president in the history of our country. He's the most incompetent, and he's the most corrupt president in the history of our country. And it's not even close. In fact, I said today, the happiest person alive today is Jimmy Carter because his presidency looks brilliant, brilliant by comparison to Biden.

It looks brilliant. But very importantly, because we have to beat him, I'm the only one, every single poll over the last two months -- and beyond that, mostly. But over the last two months, I'm beating him and beating him very substantially. I'm saying we're beating him because we have to get him out. He's destroying our country.

He is totally destroying our country. So, I just want to say it's been an honor to be with you. This is my third time, and the first two times were very big wins. And we're going to make this an even bigger win, because we've done more in the last short period of time than anyone again has ever done for your state.

I love your state. It's a very special state, brilliant people. People don't realize it -- it's not only farming, but people don't realize that a farmer has such incredible talent. And, you know, a lot of my competitors aren't really into that, but I am into it. And one of the other things we did is first in the nation.

I gave you first in the nation. I kept you there. As you know, the Democrats took it away. But I gave you personally first in the nation. That's why you're first in the nation. And with me, you're always going to be first in the nation. Very important. So, if you would get out and vote, you're the beginning.

This is the beginning. Right now, it's starting. And this is the beginning of something very important. I think it's the most important election in the history of our country. You take a look at what's happened to our country in the last short period of time. And I think especially with all of the bad things, Afghanistan, the worst retreat.

That was a surrender. That was a surrender. Taking the military out first. And remember, that never would have happened. We were getting out with dignity, with strength. We were taking our equipment, and the soldiers come out last, not first. And we lost 13 great, great soldiers. Really great. I got to know their families actually very well.

Great people. They're devastated. The families are devastated. We left back behind $85 billion worth of brand-new equipment that I bought because I rebuilt the entire military. So, I bought the equipment that Biden gave them, $85 billion. And we left plenty of Americans over there. So, now maybe the hostages, but they're still there.

The worst, I think, and most embarrassing day in the history of our country. We're not going to have any more days like that. It's not going to happen. So, I would appreciate your vote. I think I deserve it. Again, we had the greatest country. We were a great nation three years ago. And today, people are laughing at us.

It's not going to happen. So, I just want to thank everybody. And get out and vote, and I will see you later. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.