How are you?

Come on, let's get a good one.

It's big stuff over there. Thank you very much.

Oh, yeah, right.

Yeah?

It's good  talk, right?

Good.

You guys OK?

OK.

I like that guy.

Yeah. I don't even

Yeah.

It's hard to get to him.

He's really

Are there any others

What a nice-looking group. She's the best one of all -- by looking at any of you people. Hi, everybody.

Nice to see you. Thank you. Hi, Michael.

Is he doing a good job? You're going to bring it home, Michael?

We got to bring it home.

Nice to see you.

Nice to see you, David.

Great honor.

I want to thank you, everybody. Really nice. I guess I'll go over here, right? Do we have the fake news with us? Is the fake news here?

How you doing, everybody?

Thank you for the endorsement.

I think we have the endorsement of every major police group in the country. I don't think they have one. That's because they're bad. You like crime, I guess, it's -- that would be the only group that would endorse -- the criminals are endorsing them. Actually, did you notice that Putin endorsed her?

I don't know what that means exactly, but I don't think I'm not sure that she was thrilled. It's the only endorsement she has is Putin. Anyway, where would you like me to stand? You want me to stay here? You want me to stay here?

OK, good. Well, I just want to thank everybody very much. This is an honor. You're great people, you do an incredible job. My friend here for a long time, right?

For a long time.

And I want to -- I really appreciate the endorsement. It means a lot. We have tremendous law enforcement endorsements. We have military endorsements, we have a lot of them. But I just really appreciate it. It's very, very special. I'm going to Utah now. We were -- we had a rally last night. It was fantastic.

And we could have sold that place out numerous times. And the enthusiasm, you know, we -- we won in 2016. We did actually much better in 2020. And people say, "Oh, you shouldn't say that." I said, "Well, I'll tell you, we did a lot better." Millions more votes. But it's not been like this one. This one is the hottest of all, and that's because we have something to judge it by.

Because nobody can believe how bad they've done at the border, running our country, the economy, inflation, Afghanistan, everything. I mean, they haven't done anything right. The thing they're best at is cheating on elections, so we have to be very careful. That's about the only thing -- that's about the only thing they do good at.

So, I just want to thank you. It's an honor to be here. And I'm with you guys all the way, all the way. Yeah, and we have no doubt about that. You know, we got all of that excess military equipment that they wouldn't give you, do you remember, for a long time?

Billions and billions of dollars, and you guys got plenty of it. But we got it out. It was just taking up -- it was getting dusty, old, and it was costing a lot of money in storage houses. And we gave it out, billions of dollars, we gave it out. And people appreciated it, but we're with you. I just want to -- just say that -- because to me, when this is -- this is really disqualifying.

She is one of the original founders of a group called defund the police. I'm sure you have never heard of that group. But anybody -- and I said last night at the rally because, you know, we can go through different things, and she's a member of this one, that one. But anybody that's a member of defund the police, especially a founding member, and even if you're in that group for one day, you can't be president of the United States, all right? And she is one of the -- she's one of the founders and stars of defund the police, and that's why they have no -- no -- no support whatsoever.

But you can't do that even for a day. So, thank you all very much. Really appreciate it. Thank you.

Now, I'll get the hell out of here, and I'm going to Utah and --

Yeah.

Yeah, sure. I think it would be good. JD is doing a great job, don't you think?

He'll -- he'll do very well. JD is going to debate, yeah.

I don't know what happened with the bomb threats. I know that it's been taken over by illegal migrants, and that's a terrible thing that happens. Springfield was this beautiful town. And now, they're going through hell. It's a sad thing. Not going to happen with me, I can tell you right now. Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you very much.