Thank you very much. It's an honor to be with you and a special group of people, the farmer. Nobody has done more for farmers what I've done. Unfortunately, they haven't followed through. We made a deal with China was one of my best deals that I made. I made a lot of good deals, but we made the USMCA, Mexico, Canada, which was terrific.

But we had a specific deal with China, where they were going to buy $50 billion worth of farm product. And it's interesting how we got there because when the negotiation was going on, and it was a nasty negotiation. And I said to the farmers, "Just stick with me because we're going to do it. They're great negotiators. They're not going to go that fast, just stick with me"

because you never had anybody negotiating for the farmers before me as president. And my people, I said, "What are the numbers we're talking about?" And they said, "15 million, 15, not 50." I said, "All right." So, it's $15 billion worth of product that they were going to buy because they've been taking advantage of the farmers for years.

This was like a penalty to China. And I thought they said 50, not 15. So, the negotiations were going along, we were getting close. I said, "How are you doing with the $50 billion?" "No, sir, we're close to 15 billion." I said, "What do you mean 15 billion? You said 50 billion." I said, "No, no, I want 50 billion."

They said, "That's not what we said. We said 15 billion." I said, "That's OK, ask for 50 billion. Tell them we have to have 50 billion, not 15 billion." And I got it. The problem is, big problem, that now they don't enforce it. I enforced it. Every single week I go into the office, I'd say, "How's China doing?" Because you have to live up to that commitment.

I'd say, "How's China doing, buying the product?" "Good, sir, good. They're doing good." And they were doing good because they knew I was watching. I don't think Biden is exactly watching. Do you? Does anybody think that Biden is, let's check it, I don't think so. And it's a shame. And that number is way lower than it's supposed to be.

So, the first thing I'd do is I would -- probably my, first call, I'm going to call up President Xi. I'm going to say, "You have to honor the deal you made. We made a deal. You'd buy $50 billion worth of American farm products." And I guarantee you he will buy it 100%, he will buy it. Second thing I'm going to do is, I'm going to say, "You have to give the death penalty to your fentanyl dealers who are sending fentanyl."

You know, in China they give the death penalty. They don't have a drug problem because they give the death penalty. But I'm going to say second thing, and this affects you also, it affects everybody. We're losing hundreds of thousands of people a year, comes through the southern border. Now the weakest border in history.

It was the best border we ever had when I was there. We built hundreds of miles of wall and everything else, and it was the best border. Now it's the weakest. I had a handshake deal with him. It was going to happen very quickly, and then this side didn't do anything about it. He said and he suggested to me, anybody sends fentanyl to the United States, it's the death penalty.

They get the maximum penalty. They would have done it. And then we had an election that didn't exactly work out too good. And it was a disgrace frankly. And that deal went and a lot of other bad things happened like Russia attacking Ukraine, October 7th, inflation. A lot of bad things happened. The horrible way we got out of Afghanistan.

So, many things happened that wouldn't have happened, but it did nevertheless. But as to the farmers, we have a deal in place that China is supposed to buy $50 billion worth of our product, and they are not living up to it and they were living up to it. And every farmer I spoke to -- I spoke to a lot of them recently in Iowa, and they're having the same problem.

They're not doing well, they're not doing well. They were doing great during the Trump administration. I think you would say that. Were you all -- I hope you -- there's always dangerous to do, but I hope you'd say you were doing well because you're not doing now.

I'm hearing it from farmers all over the place. And one of the big reasons is they haven't enforced the deal with China, and that deal was really a penalty deal to China because they took advantage of you for 25 years. And it was, like, a penalty. And you know, Biden and Harris, they're never going to enforce anything.

That group is a disaster. It's a disaster for our country in so many ways, but certainly, the farmers are one of those ways. So, I think either Ric or -- are you starting off, Ric, why don't you start? Appreciate it.

I'd love that. Yes.

Thank you very much. It's very good. Thank you.

What is the difference in production? So, you have far fewer farms. Well, what would you say is the difference in production?

Similar?

It's down from those days?

But the overall total production you think is down from what it was when they had so many farms?

Total is up.

I know that, yes.

Thank you, Matt, and great job. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Very smart.

So, thank you very much, Nick. It's great. So, without your job, which is a good job at energy job, but if you don't put Trump in, you're not going to have any energy jobs in here. They're not going to let you frack. They're not going to let you frack. You know that. She's never said frack in her life until just a short while ago when she realized her poll numbers were dying in Pennsylvania.

They're not going to let you or anybody else frack. And so, I just want you to be aware of that when you go and cast your vote. I'm not too worried about the people around this table, I must be honest, but you never know. But everybody's aware of it. And I think Pennsylvania is aware of it based on polling that we're getting, you can't let them do it because that's -- I didn't realize you were so dependent.

Even a farmer would have to be dependent on the energy. But you take that energy out, you take that income out, it's a whole different story for Pennsylvania.

And we're not going to let that happen. We've got to win the election. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you.

It's great.

That's why you need tariffs.

I agree. That's why you need tariffs. This is a perfect example. They undercut you, drive you out of business, and then they're going to put the price at double and triple. It's no different. It's been that way for hundreds of years. That's what they did with oil. Rockefeller would open up a station on every corner, and he'd have the -- you'd have a gas station, then he'd open up three, and it cut the price so low, and everybody thought, "Oh, wow, what a great bargain."

He'd put the one guy out of business, and then he'd raise the prices to triple and quadruple what it was. That's the old way. And it's no different with China or anybody else. That's why you need tariffs. We level it off. And now, people are starting to understand it. Actually, I was watching Howard Lutnick and John Paulson, two of the great geniuses of Wall Street, actually, two of the most successful people on Wall Street.

And they're big on tariffs. They're saying, "Trump was right all along," and I did it. But that's exactly why they put you right out of business, and then they'll sell the same product, but they'll be double the price of what you are and make a fortune. That's what they want to do among other things. Can you tell the story of your daughter?

Thank you very much. Well, it's almost more important today. When you add the border where we have millions of people coming in from prisons and from mental institutions and terrorists and traffickers, human traffickers, drug traffickers, I believe it's more important today. We had a bad border then, and I fixed it, totally fixed it.

In fact, it wasn't even a subject at the next election. But we totally fixed it. But that border was nothing compared to what's happened now. This border is so bad and so dangerous for our country. I think it's more important today. I think it's going to be the most important election in the history of our country.

Thank you very much. And thank you, beautiful daughter. Thank you very much. Very nice story. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.

I think they do. Thank you. And you're right, David, Bob Casey -- and I've been there for a long time, actually four years, but a long time, he has done nothing for the farmer. He has not been there. He's 100% with the Biden vote. I guess just about 100% of the time, Bob Casey is not the right one. This gentleman right here, he's tough, he's smart, and he loves the farmer.

And we're going to turn it around, but Bob Casey could not help us. He has never done it, not good for the farmer. So, I think you probably learned that the hard way. Thank you very much, David.

We'll take care of it. We will take care of it. It's not very difficult to do. We're just being ripped off by other countries and not only China, by the way, but we're being ripped off at levels that nobody's ever seen before. And this administration has allowed it to happen because you were making probably the best you've ever done.

Four years ago, five years ago, you were doing better, all farmers, where they were doing better than they ever did, and now, they're doing very bad. I mean, I hear more complaints from farmers than almost anybody, and that's the backbone of this country. So, they'll be very happy for a long time to come. OK?

Thank you very much. I love your hat, too, by the way. I noticed it right away. Thank you very much. We'll take care of them. Your grandchildren will be farmers, and they'll be maybe doing better than you do. OK?

Thank you very much.

Well, they are, they are.

That's right, they are, and they're allowing China to come in and just dominate the industry. That's right. They're sending panels over. Many of them are very defective, very bad panels, but they're sending them over, and they are really putting a lot of people out of work. But that's an amazing issue. It's a form of subsidy.

By the way, the death tax, as you know, in the Trump bill, you don't have to pay a death tax or a inheritance tax. And under them, they want that terminated. They want you to pay. And what happens especially with farmers, you're sort of land rich but cash poor. A lot of farmers are land-rich, and you love it, but you don't always have cash.

And you leave it to your loved ones, you leave it to your children which you want to do. That's what the ultimate is, if you love your children. In some cases, you don't love your children, you don't have to leave them anything, right? But generally, you love your children and you leave -- you have no problem with your children.

But you know, you leave it to your children. And what was happening is people were going out borrowing a lot of money in order to pay the tax, borrowing from the banks on their farm, big liens on the farm, very smart banks. They know how to do it. And the children would go bust or they'd spend everything they could to pay the tax, and they'd live a very tough life, and usually lose the land.

I got rid of that. You have no tax to pay on these small farms and businesses. And it's a great thing. Nobody talks about it much. The fake news doesn't ever talk about it, but it's a big -- it's a tremendous factor. And I mean, it was one of the things that I was happiest about because literally, farmers are going out of business.

Children, they take the farm from their parents and they have to go out and borrow a lot of money, and they can't afford to do it, and they can't pay the interest rates. They end up losing the farm over a period of -- a short period of time. So, we got rid of the estate tax or the death tax. And now, it will come back into play under Comrade Kamala. That's what happens. That's not good.

Well, that's the worst. I mean, they have unrealized capital gain. How about that one?

Unrealized. So, they want to give you a capital gain of the value of your land goes up. Nobody's ever heard of it before. It's a communist thing, you know? It's a communist thing. It's unrealized capital gain. You have every business person, every company leaving this country. It's called an unrealized capital gain, and it's a concept that's been talked about for years.

I don't know if any country has even done it, but she wants to do it here. And you know, come to think of it, now that I'm with farmers, it'll affect farmers probably worse than anything.

You know who's going to make a lot of money? Appraisers, lawyers, and accountants, but not you.

They'll be very happy. It's crazy.

You'll be around a long time, don't worry about it.

But it will not continue, the fracking --

They get in, the fracking will not continue. I guarantee you that.

Well, thank you very much, and it's been great. I love the farmers. I'm very comfortable with the farmers. I feel I know your business, but I haven't plowed quite as much as you. But I do know your business very well. We've had a tremendous relationship. I've always won with the farmers, and that's because I produce promises made, promises kept.

Number one, your energy bill within 12 months will be cut in half, and that's my pledge all over the country. Beyond farmers, that's my pledge all over the country. We have more energy under our feet than any other country. We have, I call it, liquid gold, and we have more than any other country. We have ANWR in Alaska, which the first thing they did, the Biden-Harris administration -- everybody wanted it.

It's the biggest -- it could be as big or bigger than Saudi Arabia and would have supplied Asia, would have supplied vast parts of the world, would have made more money than you could even imagine. We were going to lower your taxes, pay off debt. They terminated it. Reagan wanted it, couldn't get it.

Everybody wanted it, couldn't get it. I got it. They were all set to drill. And the first thing they did the first week is they terminated ANWR. But I can get it back very quickly because I got it through Congress, and we'll get it back very quickly. They didn't terminate it through Congress, they just terminated it.

It's just absolutely ridiculous. But I'll have your energy bill down within 12 months. We'll have your energy bills throughout the country. I'm not just talking here, I'm talking all over, air conditioning, heating everything, we'll have it down by 50%, 5-0. And it won't even be very hard. You know, up in New England, they have tremendous energy costs and a few minor changes, and we can reduce it.

New England is a disaster. I won't say they vote for Democrats so much anymore. I think we're probably taking that over because of energy and because of a lot of other reasons. But we're going to protect your fracking. You know, in my case, I was always for it. And in her case, she was never for it. She wants to defund the police, too.

All of a sudden, she likes the police. Started a couple of a short while ago, "I really like the police a lot." No, she wanted to defund the police. She did things in Minnesota that were so bad. She was bailing out people that wanted to kill the police and were actually trying to kill the police and burning down Minneapolis.

So, we're going to do things the way you wanted. A big factor here is, with all of you as I speak, is energy in two ways. Number one, you want to be able to collect royalties and other things or even have a job in energy. That's very important to help your farm, and the other thing is you got to keep the prices down.

So, we're going to do both, and we'll do it fast. So, you'll all be -- it'll be largely taken care of within 12 months. I predict within 12 months, it'll be down, 5-0, 50%. And if they get in, your energy costs are going through the roof, OK? They're going to go through the roof. You won't be -- you won't have a farm very long, I will tell you that.

I just noticed behind me, John Deere tractors. I know a lot about John Deere, I love the company. But as you know, they've announced a few days ago that they're going to move a lot of their manufacturing business to Mexico. I'm just notifying John Deere right now, if you do that, we're putting a 200% tariff on everything that you want to sell into the United States.

So, that if I win, John Deere is going to be paying a 200%. They haven't started it yet. Maybe they haven't even made the final decision yet, but I think they have. John Deere is going to -- and anybody else that does this because it's hurting our farmers, it's hurting our manufacturing. And if you do that, you're going to have a 200% tariff put on the product that you make in Mexico right across the border.

They think they're going to make product cheaper in Mexico and then sell it in for the same price as they did before, make a lot of money by getting rid of our labor and our jobs. And really a great name because John Deere is a great name. I buy a lot of John Deere, tremendous. I'm one of their big customers.

I buy a lot of John Deere product as a private person. But if they're going to do that, we're going to put a 200% tariff on everything that they want to send back into the United States, which means one of two things. Our country is going to make a lot of money or they're not going to build, they're not going to open, or they're going to sell it to another country.

They're entitled to do that. If they want to build in the country, in the United States, there's no tariff. You can go ahead and you can build in any one of the 50 states. You can go ahead. But if they don't want to do that, we're going to put a 200% tariff on John Deere. And you know what's going to happen? They're going to announce very shortly if they think I'm going to win or if I do win, they're going to announce that they're not going to build in Mexico.

Mexico has taken a tremendous amount of our business, especially, over the last few years with this group because this group doesn't know what the hell they're doing. They have no idea what they're doing. Mexico is taking a lot of business, and a lot of it's done and financed by China. China is building massive car plants now in Mexico, and it's the same thing they're building.

And a friend of mine builds car plants. And he said the biggest ones, the biggest ones in the world are being built in Mexico. They're going to put Detroit out of business. They're going to put car manufacturing out of business in the United States. And I'm just telling everybody involved in this stuff, we're not going to rip off the United States anymore.

We're going to put big tariffs on those cars that are coming in here at 100% to 200%, and they're no longer going to be competitive. So, you better stay in Michigan and you better stay in the areas that you're in right now. And what I really want you to do is come in and build your plants in this country and put our autoworkers to work because we've lost about 60% of our auto working business over the years, and we're going to get it all back.

Every one of them, we're going to get it all back, and we're going to get it back quickly, and we can control that so easily. So, if they're building those plants in Mexico, which they're starting, if they're building -- and they wouldn't have done it with me. But now, I guess, they figure when they started, it was a little while ago.

I guess they didn't even know I was going to run. They weren't too happy when they heard I was going to, but they're going to have to pay a tremendous tariff, which means two things. They're not going to build the plant -- if it's not too late, they're not going to build the plant. This country is going to make a lot of money, or they're going to build the plant, but they're going to build it in the United States somewhere.

And ideally, a place like Michigan or South Carolina, where we have a lot of auto business. But we're not going to let that happen. But John Deere has got to understand that if they build in Mexico, if they start closing plants, in this case, it was in Iowa, they're going to close a big plant and a couple of them.

And that's just the beginning. The problem is that's just the beginning. Then all of a sudden, you'll hear in a year from now, they're going to do another one, another one. All of a sudden, they're not going to be in the country anymore. They're going to have to pay a very big price to be able to sell that product into the United States, OK? So, that's very important.

And I just have to say this. So, Dave McCormick is here, he's running for the Senate. He's a great gentleman. He's a hero, great warrior, and he's a real warrior who served incredibly in the military. So, highly respected, did great in the military, went out, did tremendously in the private sector. And he's running against Bob Casey.

Bob Casey never did anything for you. He never did anything for Pennsylvania. I was president for four years. I don't even know if I ever met him. I mean, you know, I met everybody. I barely -- I don't know if I met him, maybe I did, but it certainly didn't make a hell of an impression on me. But Bob Casey has done nothing, nothing for you as farmers.

That I can -- well, look at the problems you have. As soon as I left, you have problems. You didn't have problems when I was running things because we ran it, and we watched over the farmers. It was very important to me. But Bob Casey has done nothing for the farmers and he's done nothing for the state.

He's got long-term legacy. He inherited the job sort of from his father. And you know when that happens? I was telling David, not easy to -- there are other cases like that, too, never easy to beat, but they're living only on a past reputation of somebody else. In this case, a father. He's done nothing for the state.

And I didn't come here for David, but I have a lot of respect for him. And if I only do David, I'll tell you what, you have to get him. He's an incredible guy. He's going to make you farmers -- he's going to help me make the farmers rich. We'll make the farmers rich again. And I appreciate everybody.

I appreciate very much everybody. Just hang in there. And I know it's not been pleasant, but the first thing I do is I tell China, you got to start buying. China is not buying like they're supposed to under the agreement. And I'd say, "China, you have to start buying." I'd like to, if I can, Lee, I'd like to have a few questions, if you want, from the media in the back. A lot of media here. Yes, ma'am?

Well, we're going to protect it by saying, "You can't come, you can't do it. We don't want you buying our land. We don't want you taking the land and basically taking it off the market. And we don't want you doing it." And they're buying at levels that nobody's ever seen before. "We don't want you buying."

It's very easy to do. That's a very easy thing to do. But it's causing a lot of disruption, and that's what they want to do. So, we can do that very easily. Question. Yeah, please. Yes, yes, sir.

They'll approve it, they'll approve it. And number one, I don't need them. I don't need Congress, but they'll approve it. I have the right to impose them myself, if they don't. I'd rather get their support. The ones that understand business all support it. I think David would be a very big supporter of the tariffs because you understand what's happening, right? David's a great business person, led a great company.

No, the ones that understand business, they understand -- you know, I'll give you an example. China will charge us -- and it's not only China, I hate to keep using China because it's everyone. The European Union is a disaster for you also. By the way, they don't want your farm product, they don't want our cars, they don't want anything, and yet they sell tremendous amounts of Mercedes-Benzes.

I mean they sell cars to us, but they don't want our cars, they don't want our farm product at all. They don't want it, but they sell farm product to us, and we have a tremendous deficit. And I had them shaped up real good, but they've gotten out of it. They've gotten out of control. They're really out of control.

And Mexico is out of control, to be honest with you. They're taking a lot of our companies over the last couple of years, and companies are moving down to Mexico. They don't know that if I come in, it's not going to work out too well for them because they're not going to be able to sell their product into the United States.

They're going to have to pay a price, which will make it uncompetitive for them to do that. So, we are going to do a real job. We need the support of Pennsylvania. It's a very important state. And she is not going to be good to Pennsylvania between pricing and energy. You know, they started off knocking the hell out of the energy that I had.

I had it going at a level -- we were No. 3 and probably No. 4. And by the time I left, we were far and away No. 1, ahead of Saudi Arabia, ahead of Russia. And then they cut when they came in, they started cutting, and then prices started going through the roof at the beginning. And what they did is let's go back to what Trump was doing.

We got to go back. And they opened up the stuff that they were cutting, and it was a similar amount. But what they don't say is that we would be at least three to four times more production of energy right now. And your prices would never be what they are because you can't compete when you have to pay that much for energy.

So, they didn't do their job. And by the way, if they won, you could forget about it, they would go -- they want to go to all-electric cars. How is that going to work? They don't go far. They're too expensive. They're made in China. And on day one, I end the all-electric mandate. And I'm a fan of electric cars.

Elon Musk, frankly, gave me the most beautiful endorsement. He endorses me all the time. He says, "This is the guy. This is the only guy that's going to save our country." He's been very generous, and I think he makes an unbelievable product. But you have to be able to also sell gasoline-powered cars.

You know, we have gasoline, and they want to use something that we don't have. But China has because -- for the batteries and everything, China has and controls that market. But the problem is they don't go far, and they have other problems like if it's cold, you get a little bit cold up here. They don't work too well in the cold.

There are a lot of problems and a lot of assets, too. And he's going to do great. His car is fantastic, but you have to be able to have other types like hybrids. Hybrids are, you know, good. It's a good thing. You have to be able to do that. So, I'm going to end that mandate. Can you imagine, they want to almost immediately go to all-electric? And we don't have enough electric to take care of ourselves.

You go to California, they have blackouts and brownouts every single day. California is a mess. They have the governor of California, Gavin Newscom. Has anybody ever heard of him? But worse, they had an attorney general and a DA who destroyed San Francisco and then destroyed California. And I hate to say it because I have a lot of land in California.

I hate to speak badly about places, but frankly, my presidency is much more important than my land. Isn't it nice to know? With Biden, it's the other way around. But my presidency is much more important than my land or my business. And I will say it, California is getting hurt so badly. She destroyed San Francisco, absolutely destroyed San Francisco, and now she wants to destroy our country.

She was a horrible attorney general. You could steal $950 worth of merchandise from a store and you wouldn't get prosecuted. But anything above that, you wouldn't get prosecuted either. She was a horrible attorney general. She was a horrible DA. She was a DA of San Francisco. That was the beginning of the end.

San Francisco was possibly the best city in our country 15, 18 years ago. And now, it's not livable. We're going to bring them all back. We're going to bring the cities back, but it's not even livable. So, Pennsylvania is a very important place. And it's a -- you know, I went to school here, I went to college here, as you know.

And it's a great, great place. It's a fabulous place, the Commonwealth. And we're going to make you very happy. All of those things that we talked about are very easily solvable with you. That's such an easy -- that can be done in one day. I had a cabinet maker. He said, "Sir, China and South Korea are dropping cabinets into our country for nothing, and I can't compete."

And I studied it, and I ended up putting a 50% or 75% tariff on all cabinets coming into the country. And I didn't know the guy. He just -- I met him previous to going into the presidency, and I saw him four years later. He said, "Sir, you saved my business, you saved the job. I expanded. They stopped with the dumping."

And the steel, the same thing. I think the steel people like me the best. Unfortunately, Biden's let it go. I put tariffs, they were dumping Chinese steel into our country, David, at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We've never seen anything like it. And I put a 50% tariff on all steel coming in from China and some other places, too.

But all steel -- and we saved these companies. But Biden has let it go. And we need steel. Look, you know, there are some things you could get from outside. But if we're in a war and we need army tanks and we need ships and we need other things that happen to be made of steel, what are we going to do? Go to China and get the steel? We're fighting China, but do you mind selling us some steel? Think of it.

These people don't know what they're doing. So, I put big tariffs on steel. They were dumping steel, and it was bad steel, too. It was rotted -- called rotted steel, bad steel. It was imperfect steel. People were building girders for buildings, and they check them and they're not good. The steel wasn't good, but they were dumping a tremendous levels.

And I ended the dumping of steel. But these people, since they took over this US steel. I would not allow that deal to happen. US Steel, this was one of the greatest companies in the world. You go back 70 years, this was the big deal, United States steel. And now, they're going to let the Japanese buy it.

I wouldn't let it happen. I'd help them so they can make the steel company good again. This was the biggest company in the world, the strongest company, had the biggest reputation. It represented our country. And now, we're selling it to the Japanese. The psychology of that is unacceptable to me. So, I wouldn't let that deal happen personally.

But we'll see what happens. I hope it's going to be -- I hope it won't have closed by the time I get there. But I would not let that deal happen. And you're right, they have other things. You look at China, they're opening up coal plants. Every week, they're doing a big coal plant. And John Kerry, I watched this poor guy.

This guy, it's so pathetic. He flies over in his own jet. You know, his wife has some money from a certain family right, yeah, right? And he's got a little jet. He flies over to China. He sees President Xi. "Oh, yes, I will consider this very strongly. I will consider your request to stop building coal plants."

And then he leaves and he comes back. "Oh, I had a good conversation." Nothing gets done. They're building coal plants. He had zero impact, but we don't build anything here. And what people don't understand is all that pollution in China, all the pollution everywhere in the world, much of it flies right over the United States.

It takes three and a half days. Comes in from China, and it's sometimes bad, and it flies right over the United States. So, what are we going to do about that? But nobody ever discusses that. They don't want to talk about that. So, we'll be nice and clean. Same thing with the oceans. You take a look at the Pacific, it flies in from -- they dump it right in the ocean. And in about a week and a half --

It's in -- welcome to Los Angeles, California. And we're lifting it out of the ocean all day long. We have -- it's a massive big business. We're taking their garbage out of the ocean because it floats right to our West Coast and other countries, too. So, it sounds bleak, but we'll get it all straightened out, and we'll get it straightened out fast.

And I just want to thank Lee, and I want to thank everybody here. I'll tell you, Ric Grenell has been amazing with me from just about the beginning. You know, he was the ambassador to Germany. And there was no happier woman in the world than Angela Merkel when I announced that I was taking Ric back to Washington and giving him an even higher position.

This was the happiest woman in the world. When she heard he was leaving Germany and actually, in a certain way, she liked him, but in another way, he was sort of brutal because he understood what Germany was doing to the United States, one of the many countries that took advantage of the United States.

And he got it. So, I want to thank you, and you did a great job and we appreciate it. And hopefully, you'll be able to do a great job again. Thank you very much, Ric, and thank you, Lee.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. And Mr. Congressman, thank you very much. Great job you're doing, a warrior. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody, very much.

I want to. Thank you, everybody.