Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Well, it's an honor to be with you. We're doing very well in the polls, as you've probably heard. Like, they're getting very big numbers. Byron, they're getting much bigger than even anticipated. So, I don't know what that means. That's a poll in itself. But the early voting seems to be even far bigger than we thought, and we had great expectations.

People -- people are not loving her, and -- and why should she? She -- she didn't show up for the big Catholic event. This hasn't happened in decades. She didn't show up. She gave a very short tape, and it was not an appropriate tape either, but she probably hasn't figured that out yet. And we should have gotten about 100 percent of the Catholic vote last night because I showed up.

But I think -- so I think we're doing very well, and we're going to find out very soon. And what I'd like to do is maybe before saying anything, I'll finalize it out, but maybe we can go through the -- the folks and we can see what they have to say and how you've been doing. And I know one thing, everybody did better four and five and six years ago than they're doing now.

That's one thing -- that's one thing I know. So, why don't we do that, and then we can maybe say a few words? You know, you have a great gentleman running for the Senate, and he's been a friend of mine for a long time and he's a very talented guy. And I hear he's -- it's not easy, you know, to -- to win these things.

It's not easy. But he's doing a great job. He's taken -- I hear he's taking a lead. We'll see what happens, but I hear he's taking a lead. So, Mike, we'll talk -- we'll talk in a couple of minutes. How about we'll go through it pretty quick, Dale, and then I'm going over to make a little speech in front of 10,000 people.

You think this is an easy life I have, right? I go from here, I say, "Am I finished?" They say, "No, sir. You have one more speech." "Oh, good. Where is it?" What is it, 20 minutes, 30 minutes away? "Is anybody going?" "It's about -- like, we'll get you in 10,000 people." But -- so, Dale, go ahead, please. Thank you.

You're looking good, Dale. Look at the arms on this guy. He's -- almost look better than my friend --

Yes.

Good.

Good.

A healthy-looking guy, too.

Thank you.

Thank you, Dale.

Well, Dale, thank you. And I -- I just want to say, you know Sean O'Brien, right? Sean O'Brien, head of the Teamsters.

And he's a great guy. And they took a vote nationally, and I won by similar numbers nationally. And that's an honor. I mean, that's really an honor. I think it's been many decades before they endorsed a Republican. I think they'll start very soon. But we had rank-and-file Teamsters all over the country by numbers similar to that.

And I have some good news for you on the automobile business in Michigan. I'll wait till we finish up maybe and talk about it because you're going to have a lot of competition in Mexico and that competition is not going to happen anymore. But I want to thank you. I want to thank the Teamsters, also. I see another guy over there with that shirt.

I can't miss him, right? Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Oh, you do. Is it easy to work for him or tough?

Oh, wow. Wow. Well, that's good -- that's good genes.

That's good genes, I can tell you. I look at him, that's -- you got the best. Thank you very much. Thanks, Dale. Appreciate it.

That's true.

My all-time -- my all-time favorite.

Thank you. Let me say  Well, thank you very much, Howard. I -- you know, he's being very modest. I have to tell you. This guy is one of the leaders on Wall Street, one of the most respected people in all of business and certainly all of Wall Street. There's nobody really like him. And he's being very modest.

He lost -- on that horrible day, he lost his entire firm other than some people in Europe, a few, small group, and he saw it happen. He was driving down the -- the West Side Highway. And he's always in the office at 6 o'clock in the morning, so he would have been there. This was at 8 o'clock. But his wife was just so angry at him because she wanted him to take their child to school because he just doesn't do it and he won't do it and he hasn't done it for years.

And this was the one day that he wasn't there at 6 o'clock in the morning because he took his child to school. And at about 8:50, which is just as the plane was striking, he was driving down the highway, looking at the World Trade Center. This was the only day in years that he wasn't in that building.

And do you ever thank your wife and do you ever thank your -- your child? But it was -- it was amazing. There are miracles in life. We have miracles, and we have help up there, Howard, in my --

In my opinion. But what -- just the end of that. So, he lost -- I mean, he saw this. They had the top three floors, the top. Great firm. And just they couldn't get out. There was no way they were getting out. Some of the people were calling their wives, their family. I think you were speaking to your brother, right?

Yes.

Speaking to your brother. Up there knew -- they knew -- they knew it was -- probably knew it was the end. And Howard sought to rebuild the firm, and he spent a lot of time, a lot of everything, a lot of effort. Most people would have said it was an impossible thing to do. And he rebuilt it bigger, better, stronger.

But the big thing is he gave a big chunk of it for a long period of time to the families of those that died in the building. And who would do that? Who would do that? And -- and so, he rebuilt Cantor Fitzgerald into something bigger than it was, which was pretty hard to do. And there are a lot of people that love this guy.

He's a special guy, a real -- a real talent, by the way, a real talent, a brilliant business talent. So, he is, he's in charge, with a couple of other people we have that are great, work along with him. But he's in charge of that whole transition process, which is a very important process. I love these exploding mics, don't you? No, it's good for emphasis, you know. It explodes every time --

Yeah, right. It explodes every time you're about to make an important point, so it's OK. It's not bad. I don't know. Normally, I say don't pay the guy that supplied the mics, you know. But we'll -- we'll pay. And then they say, "Trump doesn't want to pay." But, you know, it's one of those things. But I just want to thank you for doing a great job, Howard.

You really have. And we'll get on and perhaps we can ask Nancy, how are we doing?

Thank you.

Good. Thank you.

Good.

Good.

Oh, great.

Right.

Yeah.

You must love Bobby Kennedy, right?

I think so. You sound like Bobby Kennedy to me.

Great.

Right.

And I -- I think -- I think you should actually set up a meeting with Bobby Kennedy and the whole group and -- because I see you're into it. You -- you have the same fervor that he has. And so, I think it would be my -- maybe --

Very interesting for all of you, OK? Thank you very much.

Thank you, Jim.

That's right.

You have. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So, Jim, one thing we're going to be doing, and we're going to be doing it strongly and I've wanted to do it and looked at it for a long time, but we have to do it, immunity for some of these police. You said you have 14 people and you don't believe -- maybe one or two -- I mean, maybe some are guilty of something, but I would bet you, a lot of them aren't.

And they're going through hell, and their pension is going to be gone. Frankly, their family is going to end up being gone, their car, their house, everything. So, we want to do immunity. We also want to call for the death penalty for anybody killing a police officer immediately. We have to do it. OK? We'll be pressing. And thank you for your support. I appreciate it.

You have a -- yeah, I know your attorney general.

That's right. If they're innocent, it's -- have no money left. That's right.

We're -- we're going to be looking at that very strongly, though.

That police officers there, they're doing their job. If they do their job and if they -- they make a mistake, even if it's a mistake, and that can happen. You were telling me, others were telling me, they have like a quarter of a second to make a decision. You would have a hard time with that. I mean, literally a quarter of a second to make a decision.

And if it's the wrong decision, their life is over. And we have to help people out now. It's time. So, we're going to do the immunity thing, and we're going to fight alongside of them. We have to. We have to stop being politically correct. And some -- you have -- you're always going to have some bad apples, but they are very, very few.

How many of the 14 would you say would be innocent?

All right. Well -- so, a lot.

Right.

Yeah, yeah. That's --

That's pretty tough stuff. It's happening all over.

Well, they're afraid to do their job, too.

They want to do their job, but they're afraid to do their job. We'll take care of it. Thank you, Jim. Great job.

Thank you for the support.

Right.

Yeah.

Thank you. Thank you, Tricia. You're right.

He looks young.

Thank you, Tim. Thank you, Tim. Well, I want to start by saying you look a lot younger than you must be because if you've worked for the company 46 years, that's a long time. You look like you're 35 years old, I would say. What's that all about, right? What are you doing? What are you doing?

Well, you believe in God that, I can see. And I know that.

But you've -- you're very lucky in that sense.

Thank you very much. I want to -- it sort of pertains to what you're saying, so I'll just make this statement. A big thing happened over the last couple of days for Michigan and for Detroit and for the country. Howard knows all about this. But some of the biggest auto plants in the world were planned for Mexico, and I've been talking about it for the last year.

I've been talking about the whole concept for 10 years, 15 years. I mean, even as a private person, I couldn't believe how they were just -- how companies were and countries were coming and stealing our jobs, stealing our -- our plants. Everyone is unemployed. Then they sell cars back in. Everyone --  all they do is you get fired and then they make the car and they sell it into our country.

They make a lot of money. We make nothing. We have unemployment. And I've watched this for 20 years, I've watched it for so long, and it's -- it's disgraceful. And so, I have good news for you. I've been talking about, in particular, one giant plant, bigger than anything you've ever seen. And you know the story where a person I know is -- he builds plants.

That's what he does. And I said, "I want to see a plant, a big one," about a year ago, a year and a half ago. And he said, "OK. When do you want to go to Mexico?" I said, "No, I want to see one here." He said, "We don't build them here big. We build them, but they're little by comparison. China is building the biggest ones in Mexico."

I said, "That's not good. I don't like that." And he said, "Well, that's the way it is." I said, "I'm not going to Mexico. I'm not going to look at them in Mexico. I want to see them here." So, anyway, time went by, and I started thinking about it. And in speeches, I was -- because it's just an automatic instinct to me -- I started saying, "Well, if they're building a plant, they're going to wipe out, you know, here."

That means they're building a plant, they're going to send the cars into our country one way or the other by the millions, and Detroit and Michigan, because, you know, you had many more, you're probably 60 percent wiped out from what it was in its heyday, maybe more than that. I said you're going to get wiped out.

The rest of it is going to be. And then you have a union head who wants to build electric cars, and they're going to all be made in China. You know that. And we have a thing called liquid gold. They have -- which is oil and gas. We have a lot of it. And by the way, Brian stand up for a second, if you would, please.

This guy is like -- he's like you. He gets it so much. You know each other maybe. He gets it so much. He gets it like nobody. So -- and he's been -- he's been fighting against all of this nonsense for so long. And -- and so, the electric cars are going to -- and by the way, you know, Elon Musk is a great friend of mine.

He gave me a tremendous endorsement. He's, right now, campaigning in Pennsylvania because he thinks we have to win. If we don't win this election -- because -- I mean, she's a Marxist. This woman has no idea what she's doing, and we can't let her be president. I -- I don't want to be rude about it. We can't let her be president.

This country is finished if that happens. I mean, beyond a normal candidate, this country would be absolutely finished if she got it. So, we have to stop her. But what happened is I've been thinking about it and what it would do to the country. And these are plants that are bigger than anything you've seen.

They will knock out the cars -- you press a button and the whole thing starts operating. And so, I started talking about this about -- what do you think, Brian, a year ago, less than a year ago, that I won't let it happen? A year ago, yeah?

And I said I'm not going to let it happen. If they do this plant in Mexico, right, near the border and a couple of others, I'm going to put giant tariffs on of 100 percent. And if that doesn't work, I'll go to 200 percent. I don't care. They're not going to be selling cars here. Now, if they want to build their plant here, I hope here, but at least in the United States, someplace in the United States, that's a whole different ballgame.

But we're not going to have them building them in other countries country, sending them into the United States, taking all those jobs. So, I've been announcing it and I've been talking about it, and I saw the gentleman that builds the plants because I was here a couple of weeks ago at the Detroit conference, as you know, and it was really the auto conference.

And so, I look in the audience, and there he is, the man that builds the plants. And I said, "Could I see you a minute before the speech?" And after the speech, I saw him, and I said, "So, how is that plant doing?" He said, "Sir, they've decided not to build." I said why. He said, "Because they think you're going to be elected. And if you put tariffs -- if you put tariffs on "

So, think of it. And that was -- I -- that was -- that was easy. I didn't even do anything other than say it's -- I'm telling you, the man said it right over here. It's the most beautiful word in the dictionary. You have other words that are damn nice like love and -- but I tell you, I think it's more beautiful than love, the word tariff.

And so, here, it works -- hey, Brian. Here, it works without even doing anything. They thought there was a chance, and they're not going to spend $2 billion on building a plant and then have, you know, Trump get elected and put 200 percent. And if that wasn't enough, I'd raise it. And again, the higher it goes, the more likely it is that they build in this country.

But think of it. So, they stopped this giant plant just on the basis. Now, if I don't get elected, they will start it up, as sure as you're sitting there. These people have no clue. She has no clue what she's doing. She wants to raise everybody's taxes. She's a disaster. And other than that, I like her quite a bit, right? But no, I don't -- you know, I don't care even about like, dislike.

Somebody has to come in. We did great the first time. We did better the second time. As everybody knows, we got millions of more votes. And frankly, if I didn't -- and some bad things happened, and let's not talk about it because we're going to make up for it this time. Too big to rig. But -- but I will tell you, if I didn't do well the second time, I wouldn't have done it.

But I watched Biden and her -- and now, especially her because she's worse than Biden. I watched them, and I said I got to run again. I got to run again. That's what happened because they said they're ruining our country with the open border. I mean, 8,000 -- just the drug dealers, 8,000 drug dealers, 13,099 murderers in jail.

They're going to let them out of jail, some with the death -- some with death penalties. They're just going to say, "Well, this is easier. We'll just send them to the United States because their people don't know what." But think of it, 13,000-plus people who murdered people and they're going to be let free in our country.

And then you have -- their prisons are being emptied up. Like Venezuela, they're emptying up their prisons. Their crime is down 72 percent in Venezuela. If they get elected -- we're all friends. If they get elected, we'll all meet next year in Venezuela because it will be the safest country because they've emptied out.

And let me tell you, it was a very unsafe country. Caracas, you couldn't walk across the street.

It's sort of like some of our cities are getting, right? Our cities are getting like that. So, just the thought of me getting elected stopped somebody from destroying the rest of Detroit, from destroying the state of Michigan's auto industry. And with your auto industry, so goes Michigan. I mean, it's a big deal.

And we're going to bring -- actually, we're going to reverse that very easily. He knows because he's got a natural -- you know, when he said -- when I explained it to him. So, he's a business -- like a -- he's a savant. Is that good? He's a savant. He knows. It took me about two minutes. After about two minutes, he, "Oh, I get it."

He -- how long did it take you to understand the word tariff, two minutes or less?

It took very little. He figured it out very quickly. You know, he wasn't exposed to it, frankly. He actually said, "You mean you can really do that?" He couldn't believe it. And we have another one, Paulson. He's sort of --

He can't even sleep at night, he's so excited about it. But they have to be -- and then we have stupid people that don't know. You know, they say, "Oh, tariff." But they're very stupid people. We have a senator from Pennsylvania who decided not to run. He fought me all the way on tariffs. This guy fought me and fought me.

His name is Toomey. He fought me and fought me, and I wouldn't endorse him and he decided not to run based on that, and that's good because all he did was -- I said, "So, if China charges 100 -- us 100 percent, can we for a similar product charge them 100 percent?" "No, sir." "OK. Can we charge them 50 percent or 25 percent?" "No, sir" "Why?" "It's not free trade."

I said, "Explain that." I said, "Can we charge them 10 percent, 2 percent, or 1 percent?" "No, sir. It's not free trade." I said, "You got to be kidding." And I said, "I wouldn't endorse you under any circumstance." Now, I don't know if he really believed this or -- because he's not a stupid guy. I don't -- did he really believe this or was there something else going on? But anyway, so we're going to bring back the auto industry.

But also, Tim, a lot of other industries. You know, this pertains to --

Yeah, this pertains to many, many. We're talking about cars because it's so nice to talk about cars. You know, it's sort of the ultimate thing to manufacture. But we're going to bring back a lot of industry, and it's going to be great. Fantastic presentation. We appreciate it from everybody -- from everybody.

And is it your father over there? Who is that guy, though, the good-looking guy? Is he your father with that shirt on? I like that color. I'm going to wear a couple of them now, I think. I think I'm going to -- I've got such support from the Teamsters, I'm going to have to wear that, I think. But I want to thank everybody.

And again, support -- always, you've been with me, and I appreciate it very much. Jim, thank you very much. Thank you.