I like that. Thank you very much.

I'm ready.

Let's go. We have --

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.  Thank you.  Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you.

Right.

All right. Thank you, Bob. Thank you very much. Thank you, both, and thank you, everybody. And would you like to take over? You want to go? We'd like -- would some people like to speak first?

OK. Good.

OK. Good. That's good. Well, thank you very much. And I have to say, with Bob, we became good friends. I didn't know him before the White House, but I got to know him. And he represented Hispanics. He represented a lot of people, a lot of people having to do with manufacturing business. He's a great businessman.

And he had a very interesting situation. The radical left in our country put tremendous pressure on him not to be involved with us, meaning Republicans or conservatives, whatever, people with common sense, I always say, because essentially, we're the party of common sense, which becomes a better and better term as time goes by with men playing in women's sports and open borders and people coming into our country totally unvetted and unchecked and all of the ridiculous things that you see today.

But we are the party of common sense. So, Bob has a lot of common sense, and he has a great company. It's a great company, but they were putting a lot of pressure, and I felt very badly for him because they were hitting him hard. They had pickets. They had everything. They wanted -- they were trying to extort him, essentially.

And we found out he can't be extorted, and he fought very hard. And then a strange thing happened, a strange thing. His numbers went through the roof. He was selling much more food instead of less food. And they do that. They play that game. It's probably not even legal, what they do, but they go after businesses.

And not everybody is like Bob, where they -- where they're in a position to fight. But his company went absolutely through the roof because of it, because there's tremendous support. We have far more people, far more support than the other side. And -- and the -- really, the term make America great again, we are the party of wanting to make America great again.

Right now, we have a country that's -- it's a nation in decline. We're sadly a declining nation, and who would -- who would have thought we would have had to say that? But if you look at our borders, they're horrible. They're -- just -- I probably won in 2016 because of the border. I fixed it very quickly, became very, very good, and turned over a great border.

And then they just destroyed it from the moment -- I always say that my world's favorite chart, the chart I look to the right on, but that was basically a chart on immigration, and that was the lowest immigration we'd had in forever, I think, in recorded history. And then that was my last day, my last day in office.

And then it became like a rocket ship, that chart, and it went up to the moon. And it was very sad to see all the work that we did. But I'll -- we'll do it again. The only difference is this is -- this is many, many times worse than it was in 2016, Bob. In 2016, we had something that was within reason.

We didn't have people with no talent, no brain power, people with -- that maybe hate our country in a certain way because you try and figure why would -- why would they want prisoners, gang members, drug dealers? Why would they want murderers? By the way, 13,099 murderers. Why would they want these people in our country? Who -- is there any reason for it? You know, usually, when Bob or I or some of the good business people around the table and in the audience -- I know a couple of great ones.

We have Wesley Hunt, a great congressman, by the way. Thank you, Wesley. A great one. He's a great congressman. But we always say, you know, we want to know what the other side is all about. Where are they coming from? This is one of the few times you really say, "What are they doing? Where do we benefit?" And I guess, you know, you -- you look at it and you say they're not smart.

But they're -- they're smart, they're cunning, and a lot of them are evil. But you say that maybe they hate our country. I believe they could be some of that because, you know, when you allow drug lords to come into our country, when you allow the people that they're allowing -- and -- and by the way, empty -- they're emptying prisons out all over -- all over the world.

Not -- this is no longer South America. This is the entire world. From Africa, they come. From Asia, they come, the Middle East. South America, yes. But it's not exclusive South America. This is all over the world. The Congo, we have a lot of people coming in from the Congo in Africa. And it's -- it's incredible.

But you just say, "Why, why are they doing it?" And it has to be evil intention. And then you realize that so many other things that they do like transgender operations, where prisoners, people that are being held as prisoners, if they request a transgender operation, they get it. Now, who would even believe this is possible? And she was one of the ones, Kamala.

We don't have to talk about Joe because Joe was overthrown. He was overthrown as president of the United States. First time that's happened. We call it a coup. I should say he was just overthrown. Its simpler. People say, "What's a coup?" A coup is you were overthrown. And I believe he likes me more than Kamala.

But, you know, what do I -- what do I know? How would I know that? But I think he likes me actually a little bit, a little -- about this much more than her. But they're having a lot of fighting going on. And they asked her a question the other day in one of these ridiculous shows, and they said, "Well, what would you have done different? What would you have done differently?" You know, she complains what she's going to do, what she's going to do.

And I always say, "Why didn't she do it?" It's so easy. You just sit back. Why didn't you do it? You had almost four years to do it. But she -- she's worse than Biden. I'm telling you. He's more intelligent than her. Can you believe this? Can you believe -- OK? And it's not that I'm a fan, but I think what happened to him was terrible.

He had 14 million votes. She came in last because she was the first one to drop out of the race. She dropped out -- there were like 22 people and she dropped out. And it's -- it's a terrible thing. I mean, you talk about a threat to democracy. That's a threat to democracy. But the biggest threat to democracy is incompetence, and we have incompetent people leading our country.

And we have problems other than borders. We have -- the biggest problem is probably the possibility of World War III, and that would be a -- that would be a war like no other with all of the weaponry that you have today. You have weapons the likes of which this world has never seen before. So, we have people leading us that are not the right people.

And, you know, we had no wars. I finished off ISIS. We had the best economy ever. We did great. And for the Hispanic Americans, because that's why we're here, I want to just say, household income for Hispanic Americans -- I asked them, "Give me the -- some of the just basic." -- reached an all-time high.

So, your household income was the highest it ever was. The Hispanic American poverty hit the lowest rate ever. So, the lowest rate of poverty, the highest rate of income. So far, we're doing good, right?

That's not bad. After that, what else? You almost don't have to say anything more. The household wealth of the median Hispanic family grew by 65 percent. Think of that one. Homeownership among Hispanic Americans reached the highest level ever by far. And we cut taxes and regulations for Hispanic-owned small businesses and people.

And -- now, we did this for everybody, and everybody did better, but Hispanic Americans did just right at the top. Now, let me tell you what is happening at the border because it's affecting you probably more than anybody else, African Americans, Hispanic Americans. People are pouring in and taking your jobs and your jobs are being taken, and that's all because of Kamala and Biden.

And really, in this case, her because he put her in charge of the border, and then it was 4 o'clock and he went home and went to sleep. You know, that was it. He made her the border czar, right? Now, she says she wasn't the border czar, and they come out with different excuses and -- because there's no excuse for this.

We have the worst border in the history of the world. There's never been a border in the history of the world like this. If it was a third-world country, they had no -- because they had no border like this because they'd fight them off with sticks and stones if they had to. This is the worst ever in the history of the world.

And we had the best ever in this country's history, and we had a strong border. We had great people. Tom Homan was one of my advisers, and Brandon Judd was unbelievable, and we have people today that are great. And, you know, the amazing thing, they want to do their job. They really want -- it's easier for them not to do their job, I assume, but they want to do the job.

They see what's coming in and what's happening. But from -- you -- you heard the numbers from the -- think of that, family income median, 65 percent increase. Who ever heard of a number like that? But it's being taken away from you by them because of the border, because people are going to come in and they're going to take your job, and that's what they're doing and that's what's happening.

And if you look at the numbers today, the numbers are way down from where they were. And for the African American community, it's actually a step even worse. So, I just want to let you know, and it's -- that's the way it is. She caused a tremendous inflation, $29,000 per family. Kamala launched a massive IRS initiative to take more tip money away.

You know, no tax, right, on tips, and that was a big deal. And then she goes out a few weeks later, maybe a few months later, and she said, "I have a surprise for you, no tax on tips." We sent her a MAGA cap. But -- but she won't -- remember, she won't be able to do it, just like they were unable to fulfill -- they were -- for four years, they said, "We're going to cut the tuition -- the debt on colleges and schools and all of this. We're going to cut the debt student loans. We're going to cut them. We're going to give you --"

It failed. I mean, all that work, all that talk, it was all for nothing. It failed. And, you know, a lot of people had hopes and it failed because they don't get done what they supposed to get done. They get done nothing good for the country. The only thing they're successful at is wasting money on the green new scam.

And you know the number, Bob, the actual number is $93 trillion. That's what they want. And this was done by AOC plus three. I said, "Oh, did you study the environment?" "No." They never even studied it. They just come up -- they want to do things like no more cows and no windows in buildings. They have some wonderful plans for this country.

Honestly, they're crazy and they're really hurting our country badly. But I just want to say it's been an honor. I've had such great support from the Hispanic community and from the Black community.  We -- the highest level ever. And there are those that say we'll end up breaking the 50 percent mark, which is really an incredible when you think that 10 years ago or six years ago and even -- even when I ran -- when I first ran, you didn't know me very well, and you got to know me well.

And the second, we did great in 2020. We did better in 2020, frankly, than we did in 2016, much better. We got millions more votes. But we did very well with the Hispanic. And now, we're doing record numbers. And I think we're going to have a tremendous election. I think we're going to have an election like no other.

I think this is going to be the biggest and most important election in the history of the country. And a big beneficiary will be the people in this room -- have been -- they've been just so great. You know, Hispanic people, they have tremendous -- they say you can't generalize, but I think you can. They're -- they have wonderful entrepreneurship and they have -- oh, do they have -- you have such energy.

Just ease up a little bit, OK? Ease up. No, you have great ambition. You have great energy, very smart, and you really do. It's -- it's like natural entrepreneurs. That's why the small businesses in the country, I mean, they are largely -- the number of Hispanic Americans operating small businesses and big businesses, too, very big businesses, running them for stockholders.

So, it's an incredible group of people. It's an honor to have you on my side. We are getting numbers of Hispanic Americans that nobody ever thought possible. And we're up in all of the polls. It looks like we're leading just about everywhere now. We're leading all -- I think all of the swing states. It came out this morning.

We're leading all of the swing states. And part of that is -- you know, part of that is she can't answer questions. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing. We can't have that. We had that four years ago and we had that for the last four years, and we can't do that anymore. We're not going to survive as a country.

We're in very dangerous -- we're in very dangerous shape. We're in very bad shape as a country. You look at all of the things that are happening that are so bad, and it's just something we can't take. So, we are going to be with you. You've been with me. Get out and vote. And again, November 5th, I believe, is going to go down as maybe the most important day, I hope, right, Mr.

Congressman? But I hope it will because it will show what we do, but it will be the most important day in the history of the country. And, you know, I said that with 2016 and I meant it, but this blows it away because 2016, we had problems, but we didn't have this kind of a problem. We have a problem of survival of our country because we're run by very stupid and probably evil people  and we can't have it.

So, thank you very much, Bob. I hope that's a positive message. Is that a positive message? Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you, sir.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Great job. Great job. Thank you.

Congratulations.

Well, it is so, and you look at the school boards, what is happening there, like they're being treated like terrorists. I've never seen anything like it. And who would think that when I make speeches, if -- if you would go back 10 years, you'd never even think, but you say, "I stand for parental rights."

Who would think you have to say that? You know, Bob, when you -- when that becomes a major portion of what you have to do -- we're going to stick up for the parents, in other words. They could come and take your child and do things to your child that nobody can believe they're allowed to do. Nobody can even believe it.

And no, we're for parental rights. We're going to get those parental rights back stronger than ever before, right?

Thank you, Brian.

Right.

Thank you, Brian.

Thank you, Brian. Very nice.

Right.

Well, we know what's going to happen. Just as I was saying, unions are going to be very affected by all these people coming in, and we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We know nothing about them. They're unvetted, they're unchecked, and they're by the millions, and they're going to affect your Teamsters.

And, you know, the Teamsters, as you know, their rank and file voted last week nationally. And I know you did locally, and I appreciate it. And I respect the Teamsters. I've used Teamsters to do a lot of buildings. The concrete, you know, they trucked it in, and I never had a problem. They're great. But we had a tremendous vote, over 60 percent of the Teamsters voted, which was unheard of because it never happened before to a Republican.

So, if I were a Democrat, I would add 105 percent, I think, based on that. But -- but I just -- I know how hard you work. And I really appreciate your words, Brian. And you'll be very happy. You do have to be careful. And I told -- I told Sean O'Brien -- you know Sean O'Brien? He's the -- he's the boss, and he's great, great man.

He's head of the Teamsters. And I said, "You have to be careful because you have people coming in by the millions, and many are not people that are supposed to be in this country. And they're going to be stealing your jobs, taking your jobs. And you're going to have a lot of -- you're going to have turmoil. You're going to have tremendous turmoil."

And it's not fair to the people that have been here and great citizens and worked hard. So, you see it happening already. It is happening, and it's happening right now. So, we have to be careful. But that was beautiful. Thank you, Brian, very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Beautiful. Very good. Thank you very much. It's very nice.

Yeah, I think we will. We had tremendous -- tremendous enthusiasm in Congress for it, even on both sides. They said that was a good idea. Nobody ever thought of it. I have another one. You know, I was in Detroit the other day, and I said we're going to have deductibility of interest on car purchases, and the place went crazy.

And top people on Wall Street, two top people, like the top people, "Where did you ever come up with that idea?" And it was something that I just felt. We have to bring back our car industry. We have other things even beyond that to bring it back actually, but that was going to be -- that was something.

So, we have the ideas with the no tax on tips. I was at my building, and a waitress came up and she was complaining about the way they're harassing her. I said, "On what?" She said tips. I said, "Really? Well, really?" I didn't even -- I never heard of this. And they said, "No, it's terrible." They're actually passing new legislation to go after people on tips.

I mean, really deep stuff. So, I said, "What do you think of the idea of no tax on tips?" Because it just seems like very hard money to get for the government and, you know, maybe you should be entitled. And also, I think a big thing could be for you, but it could be for a lot of the people. You work overtime, no tax on overtime.

And I think that's going to be good for the country. More people are going to work overtime. So, we -- we have these things, we'll get them done, and we'll get them approved in Congress. I've gotten pretty much everything I've wanted.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Go ahead.

Thank you.

So, you have a lot of people that came in and they went through 10, 12 years of work, and I think they're being very unfairly treated. They've worked so hard and they're so proud and they love the country. And we have people coming in -- many people coming in and do a good job. And many people shouldn't be on that line because they're dangerous people.

We have a lot of dangerous people. And we're going to take care. We want -- just so we understand, we want to have strong borders, but we want people to come into our country legally, and it will happen. We're going to have a lot of people come in, but they're going to come in legally. And that's the way it has to be done.

We all know that. I think everybody knows that around the table.

Well, thank you, and it's a great story, actually, but the big thing with you is going to be the cost of energy, very big thing, and we're going to get that down by 50 percent within the first year. We have -- I say it all the time -- more liquid gold. You've heard me say it. Oil and gas, we have more than any other country in the world, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia, and we don't use it to the extent that we can.

And the problem is your prices are too high. I mean, it's not a question of inflation anymore. They've already done the damage. You know, the damage has been done. You have things that are costing 50, 60, 70 percent more than they were three years ago. And we're going to get your energy costs down by 50 percent within the first 12 months.

And when that happens, everything's going to follow it, and I think you're going to be in very good shape. Very good story, though.

Very good. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

Thank you very much. November 5th, get out and vote.

We got to vote. Thank you, everybody.

Thank you.