Hello, everybody. Hi, guys.

This is quite something, isn't it?

Were you at the show?

Fantastic. Great, right? Hello, everybody. Hi. Hi, everybody.

OK, good, good.

Yes, go ahead.

All right.

OK

You know what that means, right?

That's history, history in the making. Hello, everybody. I got to go back and see those people.

Come on, let's go.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

I guess it shows the economy is very bad to cut it by that much. Assuming they're not just playing politics, the economy would be very bad or they're playing politics, one or the other. But it was a big cut.

No, they were -- it's a great honor. They're not going to endorse the Democrats, that's a big thing. And this is the first time in, I guess, 50, 60 years that that's happened. Democrats automatically have the Teamsters. They took a vote, and I guess I was at 60 percent or more. And that's a great honor.

I mean, it's really -- I've had a lot of Teamsters work for me, a lot of the concrete trucks built all these buildings that you see in New York City, the Teamsters -- exclusively Teamsters, I have to say, and they've done a great job. But the vote of the Teamsters themselves was very high for me and the leadership, Sean O'Brien and the group, who are great people, they said, "We can't endorse the Democrats."

So, I think this is the first time in many decades that they haven't endorsed Democrats.

I think it will. Yeah, I think so. The Teamsters carry a lot of weight. The Democrats cannot believe they didn't. You know, look this is -- it was always automatic that Democrats get the Teamsters. And they said we won't endorse the Democrats this year. So, that was an honor for me.

Well, we'll look at it. And we'll do what the Secret Service wants. You don't want to ever be curtailed because of, you know, the crazy people out there, the bad people, crazy people, whatever you want to call them. So, we'll let the Secret Service determine that. If they think things are safe, you do it like coming to a place like this, it's got to be safe, got to be safe.

We're going now to Nassau Coliseum where, I mean, it's literally been packed. It's been, you know, incredible. They have over 60,000 people for 15,000 or 16,000 seats. So, I look forward to that. But it's always got to be safe.

You just don't want them dictating to you where you should go and what you should do.

No, I don't. I really don't. I just have to lead my life, and I have to make America great again. That's what it's all about.

By who?

No.

Well, I just don't know anything about it really. Thank you.

How are you? Hi.

First transaction, right?

Thank you for that.

Oh, boy, is he making a name for himself?  you have much better hair

OK, I'll sign it. OK. Oh, I like that.

Yeah.

Nice to see you.

It's been a while.

I feel very safe. I have the top-of-the-line people. They needed more people. Now, they have -- they've been given that. And I guess it's presidential level. And based on the poll numbers, I guess you have to do that. We're leading in just about every poll, and we have to be safe. But we really have to be safe for the country.

That's the most important thing to me. We have to be safe for the country. A lot of progress is going to be made. It's going to be made fast. But the Secret Service, I think they're doing a very good job. They just needed more people.

And they've been giving --

I love New York, I always love New York. And we're going to give New York a big play. You know, I leave here, I mean, you see the crowds, and it's so friendly. I love New York. But New York has a lot of problems, and we're going to make New York great again also. We're going to bring it back, and we're going to hopefully win.

We -- I think we have a real chance of winning. You have hundreds of thousands of people coming from prisons and jails and from mental institutions and dumped into New York, the people don't want that. And we'll work with your mayor and your governor, and we're going to do a lot of great things for New York.

We want to do that, and we have to bring it back. We can't let this happen to New York. So unfair. You have hundreds of thousands of people dumped into the city and the state. You just can't do that. Nothing -- no -- no place can sustain that.

Well, I'd love to win New York. It hasn't been won in many, many decades by a Republican. But this time, it should be won by -- this is a Republican that loves it, that lived here for many, many years. And, you know, I'm all about New York. We have to bring New York back, and we're going to. We -- hopefully, we're going to win New York.

I mean, we're here because we want to win New York. And I think that's going to happen. OK?

Yeah.

It's a great place. I just made the first transaction in Bitcoin. I have another -- everybody that's a crypto guy, crypto maniac as I call them, because they really are that --

They believe. But everybody, whether it's bitcoin, but crypto, get out and vote because if you vote, we cannot lose. We cannot lose. We want to get everybody that agrees with you people, what you're doing. And a lot of people -- that's a big a lot of people. And, you know, they've been treating you very badly at the SEC, etc. And we're going to treat you very fairly --

But you have to get out and vote. OK?

You got to get out --

We're going to make -- yeah, we'll make it -- we'll make crypto -- we'll make crypto.

It was very easy, yeah, goes quickly and beautifully.

It's going to be great. It's the beginning of a new era actually. I mean, if you think about it, it's -- what they've done is so amazing that over a short period of time.

And you look at the values and you look at the kind of numbers you're talking about, bigger than the biggest corporations in the world put together, many of them. So, it's quite something. You want me to sign that?

I'll do that. Sure.

Oh, I love that. Oh, I want one of those.

I want one of those.

And David's doing a good job everybody, right? I think David -- does everyone know David, David Bailey?

He's doing a good job. He got this whole thing started. I'll sign that?

Would you like one? Do you want a hamburger?

They're good.

That's great, man. How's that? Nice?

Good. I want bitcoin. OK, you got it.

Yeah.

No, It's great.

It's a new -- it's a new era --

And that's what's happening. It's amazing to see what's happened in such a short period of time. Congratulations.

Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you.

Yeah. Who wants a hamburger?

OK.

These suckers are good, too. They make them good here.

This is a crypto burger.

Actually -- actually you should name them -- name a bitcoin and a crypto. We got plenty of them you can name. OK. You're going to be in good shape back there.

Do you want one? Do you want one?

Go ahead, take it. She's

Se's been great.

OK, got it.

I just think Greg Gutfeld -- you have to watch it tonight, Greg -- how many people were there? Doug, you were there?

It's cool, right?

He's done a good job. Does everyone know Pulitzer Prize winner? Doug is one of the greats. Look at him. He's embarrassed. He's embarrassed.

OK, here you go. Doug, you're great.

It always -- it makes me look thin. That's all I care.

OK, you got it? Have a good time, everybody.

We're going now to Nassau Coliseum.

Packed house. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.

I think it's crazy. I've never seen anything like it. Nobody has.

Wow.

Good job.

Thank you very much. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

is it really good?

It may or may not be loaded.

Do you think they're going to be voting, the crypto people?

If they vote, we're going to win. You got a lot of

Oh, good.

Thank you very much.

Oh, wow. He's a handsome guy.

Good-looking couple.

Thank you, everybody.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.

Are you doing a podcast?

It is a bitcoin

What is it about?

But if I go on, it's going to be a big hit.

That's pretty cool. You let us know.

Let my people know.

Thank you.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody.

Have a good day. Good luck.

Oh, it's either -- very simple. Either the economy is terrible or they're doing politics because  was afraid, unusual number. And a lot of people think because the economy is so bad. The economy is bad. And they think they had to do that with to economy

Our economy is in trouble.

Yeah.

Well, it's really happening. Bitcoin is really happening. Crypto, generally.

And Barron fully understands that. He really does. He's -- young people understand it better than most.

Oh, that's very nice.

Oh. She --

Wow, that was a big deal.

I like that. You've come a long way.

Here. Keep that, OK.

Probably yes.