Well, thank you very much, John. It's an honor to be with everybody. We have a lot of people on the phone, I hear, and that's a good thing because it's a big -- it's a big day. Tomorrow is a big day. And I just want to say hello to everybody in Virginia. We've had great success there. And you have an excellent governor.

He's doing a fantastic job. And I'm calling to speak with you about a crucial election taking place in your Commonwealth tomorrow, Tuesday, June 18th. I'd like to ask every patriot in Virginia's fifth Congressional district, and it's a hot one right now because everyone's talking about it, to get out and vote for John McGuire to be your next congressman.

John is a native Virginian, a former Navy Seal. He's a business owner, very successful, and highly respected state legislator. He is respected by everybody there. He's strong on the border, strong on defeating the drug cartels and tough on crime like very few people. And he will always defend your under siege Second Amendment, which is indeed under siege.

John is running against Bob Good who's not good. He -- despite his name, it really has been bad for Virginia and bad for the country. And frankly, he fought us on so many different things that would have been so good. If he's reelected, Bob Good will stab Virginia in the back, sort of like he did with me. He was against things that everybody would have wanted and always made it difficult.

And he's not a very popular guy, I will tell you that. And people fight him all the way because it's just -- he's just worth fighting. And he just let us down, and he let us down very big. So, as you probably know, he was against me for numerous years. And then after I won the primaries, he became a big fan.

But that's not good enough because those are the people that -- they tend to leave you very quickly. Also, unlike Bob Good, John McGuire will not let you down. John McGuire has my complete and total endorsement. I want that to be understood because Bob Good is going around saying we're friends. I mean, he was fine the last six months, but before that, he was a basic disaster.

When I'm reelected, Virginians want allies like John McGuire standing strong for you in Congress, so we can begin reversing all of these Biden disasters on day one. And John will always be there for me and for you and for everybody else that we want to bring back our country and make America great again. Under the weak, failed and incompetent Biden administration, millions of illegal aliens are currently streaming across our border.

Nothing's ever happened. Nothing's stopping them. We know nothing about them. We don't know where they come from, who they are. Many are criminals. And you know that they're criminals, and they come in to our country at levels that -- nobody's ever seen anything like this before. No country has ever seen anything like this before.

I think the number could be 17 million or 18 million people, but nobody has any idea. It could be higher than that. But we're not going to allow them to kill innocent Americans like Laken Riley and so many others. Biden has led in more illegal aliens than the populations of 40 out of our 50 states. And that could be -- you know, it could be, by the time he gets out -- you're talking about a very short period of time, but by the time he gets out, he could -- he could increase it beyond any state because the numbers are right there.

The numbers are massive. There's never been a situation like this. Biden's inflation disaster, likewise, has cost the typical family $28,000 and counting, going up all the time. And we look at what happened in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment, I believe, in the history of our country. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and pride.

We were going to take our equipment. Think of it. He kept $85 billion worth of equipment, gave it to them. They took it. I mean, they took it like we were children. $85 billion worth of brand-new equipment, planes, tanks, even night goggles. They have better than what we do because they were right out of the box.

They were brand-new. And Afghanistan, I believe, was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. And because of that, Putin went into Ukraine, and lots of other bad things have happened. You look at China, literally, they're salivating over Taiwan. So many bad things happened. Would have never happened if I were your president, if the election weren't rigged, which it was.

I was your president. You wouldn't have any of that right now. You would have -- Afghanistan would not have happened. The attack on Israel would not have happened. No way that that attack would have happened, and we wouldn't have had inflation. So, when we're in, we're going to work with John. We're going to seal the border, stop the invasion.

And people are able to come in, but they have to come in legally. And we're going to make sure that the -- all of these illegal aliens that -- especially, we start with the criminals, and we know who they are. The local police, the police have done such an incredible job. They know exactly who they are. We're going to have them sent back home where they belong.

Because this is not sustainable for -- by any country. We're going to rebuild the greatest economy in history. We made the -- we had the greatest economy in the history of our country, greater than any economy on Earth. And we're going to rebuild it. We're going to create the regulation cuts. We had more regulation cuts than anybody else, any other president.

The energy price cuts -- well, we have now, very high energy. We had low energy. It was the big spike in energy that caused the inflation in the first place. We're going to have interest rate cuts. We will drill, baby, drill. We're going to be drilling getting energy costs way down. We'll have big tax cuts.

And by the way, no tax on tips. We're not going to have tax on tips for waitresses and for many, many industries. No taxes or tips. And Biden's gone just the opposite. They've created rules and regulations that really -- I mean, they've been harassing with their 88,000 new IRS agents, harassing people that work in restaurants and work in many other places that do tips.

So, we have no taxes on tips. That's a big deal. We're going to terminate Biden's insane EV mandate. That's the electric vehicle mandate. And we're going to keep our manufacturing of cars. We're not going to have it go to China. All of those cars are going to be made in China. And the United Auto Workers, they did a poll today.

And they're largely, I mean, they're largely going to vote for Trump. They cannot stand what's happening to them. If you look at Mexico and China and Japan, they've taken all of our -- they've taken our car industry away from us. They manufacture the cars we were doing. If you looked at 15, 20, 30 years ago, it was a whole, different ball game, but now they take it away.

They're building massive plants in Mexico as we speak, owned and run by China. And they think they're going to sell those cars into the United States. It's not going to happen. We're going to bring back our car industry, our car-making industry, but we're going to, and very importantly, restore peace through strength.

And we will prevent World War III, something that nobody else can say. I know all the players. We're not going to have it. And we're very close. We're a lot closer than anybody would understand. We're going to stand up to the Marxist prosecutors, indemnify our police officers from all of the horrible things that have happened to them, and they're not allowed to do their job.

We're going to indemnify them, and we're going to restore law and order in our cities. We're going to get critical race theory and gender ideology out of our schools. And as I say, oftentimes hard to believe, I even have to say it, men will not be allowed to participate in women's sports. It's so basic, so simple.

It's like we're going to have a strong border. We're not going to let men participate in women's sports. All cars won't be electric. These are things that are so basic that you would think that they must hate our country. They must hate our country to put them in, to even think about putting them in. It's almost embarrassing to say we're not going to have them.

Who would want these things? Who wants open borders where people are allowed to come in at will, criminals from all over the world? And they're coming from all over the world, not just from South America. Once again, the election is tomorrow, so please get out and vote for John McGuire for Congress. He's a fantastic guy.

He's never going to let you down. He will be something very special. And vote against Bob Good. It just has not worked out with Bob Good. So, John McGuire, and he's going to be great. And, John, I'll give it back to you. And thank you to Virginia. We're working with your governor to win the state. We're now leading in the polls, which is sort of a first for many, many decades because that hasn't happened, but it should happen.

And they know they've had the best four years they've ever had under President Trump. And we're going to put a very heavy play on Virginia. And I think we're going to win the state of Virginia. We're up now in the polls. And that's a big thing. So, thank you, all, very much. I appreciate it. Go out and vote for John.

John, take it away. Thank you very much.