They like Trump. Could you believe it? They like the governor.

The reports have come out, and we've been covering them, and everybody's been. And I spoke to the parents of an incredible young lady. And you saw her the other day, you saw what happened the other day in Georgia. And the parents are devastated. They're incredible people. But this is a Joe Biden invasion.

This is a Biden invasion over the past three years. I call him crooked Joe because he's crooked. He's a terrible president, the worst president in our country has ever had, and probably the most incompetent president we've ever had. But it's allowing thousands and thousands of people to come in from China, Iran, Yemen, the Congo, Syria, and a lot of other nations.

Many nations are not very friendly to us. He's transported the entire columns of fighting aged men, and they're all at a certain age. And you look at them, and they say they're they look like warriors to me. Something's going on that's bad. Now, the United States is being overrun by the Biden migrant crime.

It's a new form of vicious violation to our country. It's migrant crime. We call it Biden migrant crime. But that's a little bit long, so we'll just leave it. But every time you hear the term migrant crime, you know where that comes from. Allowing thousands and thousands and actually millions and millions of people to come, could be 15 million, could be 18 million by the time he gets out of office.

Because hopefully, the biggest risk we have is nine months. That's a long time. A lot of bad things can happen. As I always say in speeches and rallies, if you take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country and you added them all up, all of the problems, all of the lousy jobs they've done, you can add them all up. It's not as bad as this one man has done for our country.

What he's done to our country is he's destroying our country. We were just talking before we were -- the general was saying, I can't believe -- he can't believe what's happening. He can't believe it's. So sad. Last year, almost half of all Ice arrests were criminal aliens charged for more than 33,000 assaults, 3,000 robberies, 6,900 burglaries, 7,500 weapons crimes, this is all migrant crime, 4,300 sex crimes, 6,500 kidnappings, and 1,700 homicides and murders.

These are the people that are coming into our country. And they're coming from jails, and they're coming from prisons, and they're coming from mental institutions, and they're coming from insane asylums, and they're terrorists. They're being let into our country. And it's horrible. It's horrible. And, you know, I know many of the leaders of these other countries that are doing it. And it's not just South America.

It's all over the world. The Congo, a very big population coming in from jails from the Congo. You look at the jails now, you take a look at the jails throughout the region, but more importantly, throughout the world, they're emptying out because they're dumping them into the United States. And these guys try and make like, "Oh, isn't it wonderful?" They don't have a clue.

I think they're looking for votes. They're looking for something. Nobody's really been able to tell me how anybody could want it. You know, you always in business. You always want to understand the other side. You want to figure it out, so you can do something that's good or bad or depending on what you're looking for.

But nobody can explain to me -- because everybody I speak to says how horrible it is. Nobody explained to me how allowing millions of people from places unknown, from countries unknown who don't speak languages -- we have languages coming into our country. We have nobody that even speaks those languages there.

They're truly foreign languages. Nobody speaks them. And they're pouring into our country, and they're bringing with them tremendous problems, including medical problems. As you know, we had Title 2, and we had different things to solve that problem. But they've terminated all of that. Even the judge couldn't believe it. The judge said, "No, no, you can't do that.

It would be horrible to do that." And he let it go. And -- but he said in six months it expires, and it expired and that's it. So, I just think you're doing an incredible job. Just one week ago, a beautiful 22-year-old nursing student from Georgia was barbarically attacked, almost unrecognizable, while she was out on her morning run.

She was on a morning run. She was doing -- keep herself in shape. She was a beautiful young woman. She was a great person, best nursing student there was. I spoke to her parents yesterday. They're incredible people. They're devastated beyond belief. But she was beautiful, just so beautiful in so many ways, and brutally assaulted, horrifically beaten, kidnaped, and savagely murdered.

The monster that charged in the death is an illegal alien migrant who was let into our country and released into our communities by crooked Joe Biden. He's crooked. I took the name away from Hillary because she's no longer relevant, I guess. She was terrible, but he is -- what he is doing is just unbelievable.

Joe Biden will never say Laken Riley's name. But we will say it, and we will remember it. We're not going to forget her. It's been just a horrible story that we've had to live with for the last few days. It's hard to believe. And her parents are just -- they can never be the same. Great people. Just four days ago, an illegal alien in Louisiana was arrested for brutally raping a 14-year-old girl while holding a knife to her throat.

And he then allegedly robbed a man who was getting out of his car in front of his home and repeatedly stabbed him in the face, in the back, in the face many, many times before police found this person standing in the middle of a street, all covered with blood, standing over the blood of the man he was attacking.

Last year, a sadistic illegal alien criminal who was released into our country by Joe Biden was arrested for raping an 11-year-old girl and strangling her to death in Pasadena, Texas. And shortly before she was murdered, she texted her father that someone was knocking at the door. He arrived home from work and found his daughter's body stuffed in a laundry basket underneath the bed.

Horrible. Crooked Joe is the blood of countless innocent victims. It's so many stories to tell, so many horrible stories. Three years ago, we had the most secure border in history. Brandon was saying it, the general was saying it. We had the most secure border. And people weren't coming because they knew they weren't going to get in. And we weren't promising free education, free medical, free everything.

I mean, all the promises that are made, no wonder they come. I mean, you look at what this Governor Newsom from California, isn't that his name? Newsom. What he's done to California is unbelievable. People are pouring in, they think they're going to get medical aid. And our soldiers, our vets aren't being taken care of, but people that come into our country illegally are.

We ended catch and release. We built 571 miles of border wall, much more than I promised I'd build. And in addition, we purchased another 200 miles. And they sold that much of it for $0.05 on the dollar. And it's the best wall, the same wall that you're using because the governor is now building a lot of wall also.

And it works. Walls work, Walls and wheels, I always said, it's one thing never gets obsolete, a wall and a wheel. Everything else is obsolete about two weeks after you come up with it. And we got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers to take care of our border. We had the safest border in the history of our country.

And now, outside of this area, where Texas has done an amazing job. And in a pretty short period of time, they're going to have it all covered. They have just been incredible. What they -- the operation that they showed me is nothing less than incredible. And I'll say this, it's a military operation. I mean, we have a military.

This is like a war. It's a military operation. So, we had Remain in Mexico. Remember that? You can't come into our country. And Mexico agreed to it. And I'll tell you something. I'll tell you why. Safe third agreements, asylum bans, Title 42, and rapid removals. But Title 42 was so important. Rapid removal was so important.

But the best was Remain in Mexico. You stay in Mexico. We had catch and release in Mexico. We had catch -- before that, it was catch and release a criminal, and they released them in the United States. We had no more catch and release. Our catch and release was we released them in Mexico. And if you broke the law, we caught you, we deported you, or we did something else.

But we were doing a great job, and that's where it stood. And then we had an election that we ended up getting many millions of more votes than we did. We did much better in 2020 than we ever even thought about doing in 2016. And very bad things happen. And from that moment on, it was a whole different ball game in Texas and all over.

But the governor in Texas picked up the ball, and they've done an incredible job. And I'll tell you, it's an honor to be here. I brought some people here, some executives from New York, because they're marveling at it, too. And you're doing your job. Now, we have to find out what's going on the side, each side, because Arizona is not doing their job.

You have a Democrat liberal or, more than that, governor that probably doesn't want to do anything. So, people are just pouring in through Arizona, and they're pouring in through the beautiful state, the once beautiful state. It's still beautiful, I guess, but they have a lot of crime and a lot of problems, California, because the governor is not doing his job in California.

He's doing a terrible job. He talks a good game. You know, he talks about how wonderful things are, but he's wrong. And they have a big outflow of people. People that pay taxes, people that don't commit crime, they're leaving. A lot of them are leaving. So, I just want to thank the governor. I want to thank this incredible group of talent behind me. And we just went through a -- we just went through something very, very special.

We did a tour and we did it through all sorts of cameras. They're all over the place. I don't know, they're in the sky, they're in satellites, they're on the top of those light poles. They're all over the place. And you really have it done. And I'm very appreciative of it, Governor. You did a great job. And you're my friend, and it's an honor to have your support and your endorsement and, likewise, me to you.

Thank you very much. Great to be here. Thank you.

You're good.

OK? Sure.

Sure.

Sure. Governor, I'll go and --

Go ahead.

And Venezuela, it's a very terrible situation. When I left, they were in very bad shape. We would have done something very easily with them, just like we had a lot of countries in very bad shape. As you know, just to go to a different part of the world, Iran was broke. And they weren't going to be attacking Israel.

They had no money. They weren't giving it to Hamas. They weren't giving it to Hezbollah. They weren't giving it to anybody. They didn't have it. Now, they're a rich country again. They have $250 billion and rich as you can be. And they're handing the money out all over the place. So, you know, a lot of things changed.

Venezuela was in bad shape. Now, they're in good shape. We actually buy their oil, if you can believe it. And we refine it and used it. It's the only place where you can refine it because it's really tar much more so than oil. But we would not be playing games with Venezuela. They would not be doing what they're doing.

Now, they're sending people, and they just put out a statement last week. We're not taking them back. They're sending their people from jails and prisons and mental institutions, and they say we're not taking them back. That wouldn't happen with the Trump administration. That, I can tell you. I want to thank everybody.

I want to thank the governor and the entire group of people behind me. And I would call them staff, and I would call them representatives and generals. They are unbelievable people. The job they've done so quickly and so effectively, and congratulations. Congratulations to all of you guys. Fantastic job.

Really, General, great job. Thank you all very much. Great honor. Thank you.

On the what?

Well, I hear he's going to be -- not going to be leader, and he's taken that step. And a lot of people are calling me to politic for that particular job. Would you like to be the leader? I think I might have -- I might have to choose this guy.

I think you're doing well. I want to keep you in Texas. No, it's -- people were surprised by it. But it's going to be -- it's all going to work out. We're going to end up with a great leader.

Well, I can't say that. A lot of good choices, but I can't say that. Thank you very much, everybody.