Ryan? How are you?

Hey, thank you.

We have the fake news over there.

Everything good? Everything OK?

Thank you very much.

It's a beautiful market.

a long time.

Wow.

Yeah. I may take a trip around and get some stuff. This is what I like.

I -- and I really need it after we finish with these lovely people.

So, I want to thank Brian, his market. It's a great market, too, and very well -- does a good job. So, did you know the $148, Brian, more for one month in food and almost $2,000 a year more for the typical family for food? Eggs are up 54 percent. You believe that?

Cereals is up 23 percent. Bread is up 24 percent. Ground beef is up 28 percent, Steaks are up 28 percent. Bacon is through the roof. Bacon, I won't even say. I heard numbers on bacon that -- I don't eat bacon anymore.

Right.

Nobody -- I don't want it. It's too expensive.

Chicken is way up. Canned fruits are up 27 percent. Butter is up 30 percent. Crackers -- who would think of it, crackers. Crackers are up 40 percent. Oh, that's terrible. So, it costs a typical household, $28,000. Think of that. Kamala cast a tie-breaking vote on so many different things that have been so bad for our nation because record inflation, her votes cost us record inflation.

She won't do an interview because one of two reasons. One reason is she's not very smart. The other reason is she doesn't know how to talk about inflation. But they caused inflation at a number that nobody can believe. We've never seen numbers like this. So, do you have any -- these are the numbers. Do you have any questions? It's a nice group today.

This is -- this is the nicest group I've ever seen. Is everybody paying a nice price?

It's not his fault.

It's not -- it's not Brian's fault. Anyway, thank you very much. We're going to make a big speech at 7 o'clock. I know you're going to be there. I think you'll like it. I hope you'll like it, but it's very important. So, we're in Pennsylvania, we're doing a good job. We're doing a lot of stops. I think we're way ahead.

I think we're way ahead. Kamala doesn't want fracking. How do you like that idea, Brian? You don't know too much about fracking, but it sounds no good.

Five hundred thousand

Yeah.

She gets in, the whole place is going bust. And I'm talking about not only your store. I'm talking about the whole country. Thank you. I'm going to see you at 7 o'clock. We're doing a big speech, an important one.

Yeah.

It's beautiful. And the crowds, what about the crowds? Did you see outside? I bet you've never seen a crowd like that.

Well, that didn't work. I'm so honored by the crowds because. This was -- we're talking about thousands of people, and you people saw it. This group over here, I've never seen anything like it. In a beautiful but small area town, I think that when you look at what's happened to this state, when you look at what they've done to the country, with the border, millions of people coming in from prisons and jails from mental institutions from insane asylums, millions of people, terrorists pouring into our country, and you see it all over.

You see what's going on in Ohio. You see what's going on in Aurora in Colorado. The mayor, he's -- they don't know what to do. Nobody knows what to do. They're being invaded by very tough people. Many came out of jails, many came out of gangs in Caracas but from all over the world. Caracas, Venezuela, crime is down 70 percent because they took their criminals out of the town.

They took them out of the town. They took them out of the cities, and they moved them into the United States of America. Think of it. You really have to think this because I mean, I say it a lot, but I'm saying it now on live television. They come out of jails, prisons. They come -- there's a slight difference.

One is tougher than the other. They come out of mental institutions, insane asylums. And they're terrorists and they're traffickers in women, they're traffickers in drugs and in children. And they're dumping them -- they're criminals, they're dumping them into our country, and they're taking over our towns and cities.

Look at New York, look at Chicago. But look at the small towns, we can't let this happen. They are ruining our country. We can't let it happen. I'm in this beautiful town. We saw so many nice, incredible people. You can't let these -- they have AK-47s. They have -- they have better equipment than some militaries have.

We have to get them out of our country. These are criminals. These are not people that are going to make America great again. These are people that are going to destroy America. And Biden -- I don't think Biden knows anything about it. I actually don't think he has a clue. But the radical left that are controlling our country right now, they're destroying our country.

And we have to get those people out of here. We have to get criminals out of the United States of America. We can't have it. Thank you very much.

I've done two debates. We've had great success with the debates. I've done many debates. I think 21 altogether, but I've done two. I had Biden. And after that, he had to drop out. He shouldn't have dropped out, to be honest. He got 14 million votes. She got none. He dropped out. We had a very successful second debate.

And based on the numbers, because if you saw the numbers today, they were just released even by the New York Times. We picked up Arizona, way up in Arizona. And we're way up in Nevada. We're way up in a lot of different states, the swing states. And I think, overall, if you are -- a very respected poll is Rasmussen, and they have us 8 up nationally.

So, we're doing very well. I think based on the results largely of the debate. But it's really not that. It's based on the fact that this woman is not capable. She was on Oprah, and she couldn't answer the most basic question. We've gone through four years of that. We're not going to go through another four years of that.

She couldn't answer any questions that were -- nobody knew what she was even talking about, and she didn't know what she was talking about. We had four years of that. Our country has gone to hell. Inflation, crime, look at the crime numbers. And this lightweight, David Muir, corrected me on the crime when I said our numbers are through the roof.

And today, the crime numbers got just released, and they are through the roof, higher than I said. He corrected me. He said, "No, crime has gone down." Only a stupid person would say crime has gone down. You don't have to know anything about numbers. If you live in this country, you know crime has gone up.

And today, it was reaffirmed that I was right in the debate. Crime has gone way up. They're through the roof. And a lot of it now is a new crime that we didn't know about. It's called migrant crime. They've come over from other countries, and not just South America, from the Congo and Africa. We have people from jails in the Congo and Africa.

They're now in our country. But they come from -- from all over. They come from Africa, Asia. They come from -- they do come, I must say, they're coming from Europe and they're coming from the Middle East. And the ones that are coming are many peoples from jail -- people from jail. They're releasing people out of their jails because they want to get their jail populations down.

And if you take a look at Venezuela as an example, they're taking their criminals off the streets. They're bringing them into the United States of America. We don't want this. They're emptying their jails into the United States and their crime is down 72 percent. But we have their people, and those people are the people that are attacking real estate.

I mean, they're taking over real estate in Aurora, Colorado. So, we don't want that. We have a country that's being destroyed by these people. These people -- nobody can understand it. What -- what good can come out of what they're doing? They are destroying our country. Then, you add inflation to it, and you add the bad economy.

And you talk to the people right here that are paying 30, 40, 50 percent more for their groceries, which I think I can say is right. Am I right?

It's a disgrace, it's a disgrace. We're going to win the election. We're going to turn the country around. We're going to get energy prices way down. That's going to bring other prices way down. And we're going to take care of crime. We're going to stop the crime. And we're going to deport the criminals that have been brought into our country.

They're going back to the jails from which they came. Thank you very much. Thank you.

It's so long that I've walked to the store -- oh, Selena --

You were hiding back there. How are you?

You know -- but you have great hair. She does have great hair.

I don't know. I -- you know, because of what I do, I haven't been in these stores in a long time.

I'll buy one for my little grandchildren.

I bet five years ago would have been much better.

Oh, wow. Wow.

So, those are high prices.

And you have people that just say, "I can't do it," right? Let me tell the story. There's a woman --

Who came in with three apples. She put them down at the cash register and she realized she couldn't afford three. And she went -- went back. And that shouldn't be this country.

She brought one back and she bought two instead of three. That shouldn't be this country. Let's take a walk around your store.

I want to buy -- I love this.

Hi, Chef.

Is he a great chef? I bet.

That's great. You want some -- anybody want anything? You want a little bit? Sushi. He's a good chef. I can see it. Let's walk this way.

Let's walk this way.

I love it.

It's a nice store.

It's beautiful.

Yeah. They're pretty good. They are some pretty good stores, are they?

Yeah, this is great.

That's great. That's a great place.

Oh, that's pretty good, yeah. You opened a little casino.

I mean this is actually quite a store, isn't it?

But you're doing OK.

Yeah.

You have good product. I can see it.

So, how do you do against the big stores? How do you do?

Yeah.

Inflation's killing it.

So, prices go up, and yet, your sales are down.

Yeah.

How long has this been open?

Wow.

Wow, that's great.

That's beautiful.

I hope the press got the crowd outside. Did you see the people? Did you see the number of people?

I wish they reported it. If the press were honest, they'd report it. But that -- we got a number of people out there --

You know, we come to an area that's beautiful to me. I love this way of life. No crime, no problems, right? They don't have muggings. They don't know what a mugging is. But you look outside and you look at the number of people, who would think that, right? It's thousands of people outside.

If anyone comes that's a bigger celebrity, you're going to have to let me know about it.

Thank you, everybody. We're going to see you people at 7 o'clock, I think, right?

Oh, look, I got to get some.

We got

It's good. Is it good stuff, good? I'll bet --

Is that the best?

If it is, I'll be sending -- I'll be in Washington, DC, hopefully in the Oval Office. I'll send for popcorn. OK?

Very low-key media, Susie Wiles is here. She's low key. Her father was Pat Summerall, great, great announcer, great football player. I would say this, a very good football player and a great announcer. Does that make sense?

I mean, he was very good. I don't know if he was -- I don't want to use the word OJ, OJ Simpson.

I don't know if he was OJ.

And there's Steven, Steven Cheung.

We have the whole group. Where's Chris? Is he here?

Chris, where are you? He's buying food. It's a nice store, though, isn't it?

Yeah. But turn the cameras on her. She's running the campaign. She's doing a fantastic job.

That was it.

The best.

That's right. She's got good genetics.

Let's see. Three years, grocery stores, about 70 -- 70 percent. That's not good.

Unfortunately  remember it? You doing OK?

Have a good time. Thank you.

We got to get them down. We'll get them down.

You say the nan.

Come on. Do you have a camera?

You had a good boy there, right? Great grandson.

Thank you very much.

He's doing a good job.

Beautiful grandma.

Have a good time. Thank you.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Everything good? You're making a lot of money, correct?

Good. Hello, everybody.

So -- that's very nice, very nice. Nice crew. Here, just put that up. I -- they took something. This is more than enough. If you have anything left over, just take it as tips, OK?

You guys, take it, give it to the rest of the store.

OK. Don't worry about the product, just take it as a tip, OK?

Hey, how's it going?

Give me one. Just give me one. Here.

It just went down 100 bucks.

We'll do that for you from the White House, all right?

All right, bye. Nice seeing you, everybody.

Beautiful.

They're your kids.

Perfecto. Perfecto. Bye, everybody.

Thank you, great seeing you.

Are you a good athlete?

You look -- you look very good.

Oh, really. Wow.

Congratulations.  I know stores. This is a good store.

Thank you. Oh, good. Nice seeing you, Doug.

How are you?

Hi, Tiffany. Nice seeing you.

So, have you ever seen a crowd like that outside?

I was a little surprised. That is thousands of people.

And we got to meet a lot of people. Well, make sure they all vote for Trump, please. OK?

We'll get costs down, wages up.

We got to do the wages up, all right?

Have a good time.

Great to be with you. Thank you very much, Brian.

You take care of yourself.

Great guy.

Great guy. OK, thank you everybody. I'll see you at 7 o'clock. Thank you.

OK.