Uhh, Peter, ask him a lot of questions.

You all set? So it's an honor to have you back. A friend of mine, Kid Rock, sometimes referred to as Bob. I know him as Bob, but he's been a good friend for a long time, many years and he's been after something that is for the good of a lot of people, including in particular the public and having to do with ticket sales and scalping and all of the gouging that you have been reading about that's gotten worse and worse with time.

And I didn't know too much about it, but I checked it out and it is a big problem. And I thought -- I think you've been trying to get this done for 20 years or something. He said, Trump got it done in two weeks, but we came up with a very serious EO and I'm going to sign it now. And maybe I'll ask you, Will, to explain a little bit about it, please.

Good. Thank you very much. Bob, do you want to say something?

And I think Bob is more interested in the fans and the people that are having to pay crazy prices, than he is the artist. Maybe the artist a little bit, but the fans, a lot. I've spoken to him over the years about it and it bothers him. It bothers a lot of other artists too, to see the artists and they go out with a $100 ticket and it sells for $2,000 the following night.

And they seem to be able to sweep up the best locations too, which is pretty amazing.

And who's the primary culprit? Who sells these tickets.

But is there a company involved? You might not want to say?

I know, Peter. But that's all right. Don't get him involved. Maybe they're more innocent than we think.

Yeah. Well, I think this is a big step to getting it stopped. Do you have something, Brian?

Good. I think so, a lot of people are.

Peter?

I don't know. I was thinking about doing it for tomorrow. We have a big event coming up and I was thinking about doing it, but I'm not sure.

I did.

I don't think so. I haven't heard. They weren't complaining. I did buy one and I let the staff use it. We have it parked conveniently and one day we give it to Margo. One day we give it to Chamberlain, give it to Natalie. We give it to everybody around, give it to Dan Scavino, but he's got so much money, it doesn't matter, but they love the car and it's a great car.

And it's made here and it's made in the country. It's got a tremendous plant now in Texas and he has one in California, does a lot of his work here. And he's been really unfairly treated, in my opinion.

Yeah?

I'd love that. I'd love that. That would be a good one. I'd like that. No, people are asking me to run and there's a whole story about running for a third term. I don't know. I never looked into it. They do say there's a way you can do it, but I don't know about that. But I have not looked into it. I want to do a fantastic job.

We have four years just about, almost close to four years. Time is flying, but it's still close to four years and we're getting a lot of credit for having done a great job in the first almost 100 days. And we have some big things we're going to be announcing over the next two days. And you know very well, Peter, and I think it's going to be something that's going to bring a lot of wealth back to our country, tremendous wealth back to our country actually.

And other countries are understanding it because they've been ripping us for 50 years longer, but they've been ripping us off for years, right from the beginning. And I think this is going to be an amazing, I call it a lot of different names, but it's really, in a sense, it's a rebirth of a country because how we could have afforded to do what we did, we helped everybody and they don't help us. The term I like best probably is the liberation of America.

It's a liberation of this country because it's incredible. Look, we have 36 trillion in debt for a reason and that accumulates over a long period of time. So I think what you're going to be seeing over the next couple of days will be very inspiring to a lot of people. They had a lot of auto plants being built in a certain country.

I don't want to mention the country because we get along great with the country, but those plants aren't being built there anymore. They gave them up today and yesterday, day before and they're building them all now in the United States. And we have many examples, not only auto plants, chip companies from Taiwan are coming in. The biggest, Mr. Wei, he's big.

I said, you are a smart guy, aren't you? I've been reading about him over the years, but he controls a large portion of the chip business, as you know, get smarter. They're going to be investing $200 billion or $300 billion. Apple's investing $500 billion. They always built their places in China, now he's building here.

I think because of the -- you speak to Tim Cook, because of the election, but maybe more importantly because of the tariffs. He's got really an obligation to do it, but we have many, many companies that you haven't even heard of, but I think we'll be at $5 trillion very soon. And if you think about this, we've never been anywhere near that.

I don't know if we've ever been at $1 trillion.

We're $500 -- what do I mean by a trillion?

I think that we're going to be at $5 trillion of investment. I think you're going to have investments very shortly. We're already three and a half and we have commitments, verbal commitments for a lot more. And numbers like that have never been done in this country and it's going to get harder. This is in two months.

It's really in less than two months because -- since we've really gone out with it. And we have other interesting things happening, but to me the whole tariff situation -- and essentially, they've done that to us for many years. So, if we're anywhere near $5 trillion in two months, this could be numbers like the country has never seen.

And every time you hear a dollar spent that's another job because the jobs are coming with it. So, auto plants, chip plants, pharmaceuticals, lumber coming in -- we have things happening in this country, I don't think -- I'm not sure that they've ever seen it. Steel, you know, we have tariffs on steel, they've been here for a while, steel and aluminum.

Nobody's ever seen anything like we're witnessing now. Nobody's ever seen. I think you -- most of you agree with that. I mean, there's nothing much you can't agree with. We have things happening in terms of jobs and investment, the likes of which I don't think we've ever seen. If you look at, let's say $4 trillion to $5 trillion, in a period of a month and a half, that's even more than you do with your concerts, which are always sold out, right?

Nobody's ever seen numbers. And think of it, where Apple's at $500 billion, as I said, but they always used to spend their money in China, now they're spending it here. That means they're going to build. Now, they don't have any tariffs. Remember, there are no tariffs if you do your product here, if you build whatever it is in the USA.

One of the things we're also trying to get is if you build -- if you buy a car that was built in the USA, you get a deduction on interest. So, if you go and borrow money to buy a car, if it's built in the USA -- never been done before. It's a big deduction for people that really aren't used to deductions, frankly, because people that buy cars like that are not big into the world of deductions.

And now they're going to learn about deductions. So, I think it's going to be great. Yeah.

Well, you're going to see in two days, which is maybe tomorrow night or probably Wednesday, you're going to see. And they're reciprocal. So, whatever they charge us, we charge them. But we're being nicer than they were. We have a lot of countries, friend and foe -- I always say friend and foe, but the friend in many cases is worse than the foe.

They took advantage of us. And we are going to be very nice by comparison to what they were. The numbers will be lower than what they've been charging us and, in some cases, maybe substantially lower. But we sort of have a world obligation perhaps. But we're going to be very nice -- relatively speaking, we're going to be very kind.

Somebody said that about me the other day. He said -- who doesn't know me very well. They said, you're such a kind person. And I said, say that again. They said, you're a kind person. I said I've never heard that before. It was a weird statement. I was kind.

I've heard of words -- I don't know. I'd better not tell you. You know, I've heard of -- I've been called a lot of things, but it's sort of a different kind of a word. It's like an old-fashioned word, isn't it?

No, no.

Just about some of the problems they have with the environment, which we're going to clean up.

We're going to probably go back to 1926. If you -- if you -- look, we're going to go back probably to a 2020 standard. So, we'll have 2020 standard and that's just a few years ago. Oh, they're putting them -- they're making it so difficult, all over the world they make it -- and it doesn't mean a damn bit of difference for the environment.

It doesn't matter. They make it impossible for people to build cars. So, we're going to be doing much different. 2020 is a strong standard, but they've taken it to a level now that makes it very difficult to build a car. So, we're going to be bringing it back to a standard that is a very good environmental standard, but it makes it possible to build a car.

Well, I gave them a big break, for a month I didn't charge them anything, for a big month, for that first month. And they brought a lot of material into this country because they could bring it in without tariff. If you look at Canada and Mexico, they were driving hundreds of thousands of cars into the market because they avoid the tariffs, by doing it before the tariffs go on, which would be Wednesday.

And I looked at the -- I saw some of your shows where cars are lined up for miles and miles, some of them didn't have fenders on them. Some of them didn't have the roof on yet. They're driving it here -- brand new, they're driving it in because they want to avoid the tariffs. I let them have that. They sort of took advantage of it because that wasn't part of the deal, but that's OK. They're a great American car company -- and car companies, and so, I gave them a little break on that.

Yeah.

Well, it depends, I said it's reciprocal. Not everybody has made a fortune, but almost everybody has, but not everybody. And the ones that haven't, we're going to be very nice to them.

Because that word reciprocal is very important -- what they do to us, we do to them. OK, please.

No, I want to see him make a deal so that we stop Russian soldiers and Ukrainian soldiers and other people from being killed. But mostly it's Russian and Ukrainian soldiers, they're losing at least 2,500 human beings, beautiful human beings a week. And I want it to stop. And some people would say why do you worry about Russian soldiers or Ukrainian soldiers?

I worry because it's like they're just like you people. They're like us, they're like all of us, and I seem to have an ability to do those things. And if I can do that, I think it's a very worthwhile thing to do. And I think we will and, no, I want to make sure that he follows through, and I think he will.

I don't want to go secondary tariffs on his oil. But I think it's something I would do if I thought he wasn't doing the job. I did it with Venezuela, secondary tariffs. And you know what happened, every boat left the harbor. Did you see that? It was a beautiful thing to see. The whole harbor emptied out.

My words weren't even finished, and I have these massive -- these massive ships, they're actually taking the hoses and dumping them into there. They couldn't get out of there fast enough because they know I don't play games. So, I think he's going to live up to what he told me, and I think he's going to fulfill his part of the deal.

Now then you have Zelenskyy and hopefully he's going to live up. I see he's trying to renegotiate the rare earth. We did something because, as you know, the Europeans get paid back the money that they gave and we don't because Biden is an incompetent president, and he should have asked for rare earth, or he should have asked for the loans to be guaranteed in some form.

That's what Europe did. Europe is in for 100 -- probably $100 billion and we're in for $350 billion. So, we're in for more than three times and -- now you could make it a little bit less than that. But it doesn't matter, whatever the number, we're in for substantially more than Europe, we could be in for $350 billion.

They have no idea because Biden wasn't a good bookkeeper except for himself. And what happens is we made a deal for rare earth; it was all done. And I heard through you -- I haven't spoken to them yet, but through you, I heard that they're now saying, well, I'll only do that deal if we get into NATO or something to that effect.

Well, that was never, number one, discussed. Number two, I think it's going to be very -- long before Putin they said you're not going into NATO. And it could be -- that's probably the reason the war started actually.

Well, it's a big race, Supreme Court race in Wisconsin. It's taking place essentially as we -- it was early voting, so we'll see what happens. It's a big race. I love Wisconsin. We won Wisconsin. Republicans typically don't do very well in Wisconsin, but I did -- I actually won it twice. I actually probably won it three times to be exact.

Not probably, I won it three times. And we had a rigged election the second time. But that's one of those things. We had to make this one too big to rig, as he -- would you agree with that, Bryan? Too big to rig?

So, anyway. But yeah, it is a big race, and I hope you get out and vote for the Republican. The woman is a radical left lunatic. And let's see who wins. But the woman will be very bad. And Wisconsin is a big state politically and the Supreme Court has a lot to do with elections in Wisconsin. So, if -- whoever it is that's running, including even Senate races, etc., but whoever it is in four years that runs, having Wisconsin is a very big -- we won it early and big, but winning Wisconsin is a big deal.

So, therefore, the Supreme Court choice, that is the one you're talking about right now? It's a big race. It's going to be announced fairly shortly.

Yeah, we do, which I can extend if I want, but we have a lot of enthusiasm for TikTok, for buying it. I think TikTok is good. I used it very -- I was a great TikTok guy and we won by 36 points, the youth. We won the youth, which Republicans don't do, maybe it's because Kid Rock likes Trump. I don't know.

But we won the youth by 36 points and I attribute some of that to TikTok.

No. But it could be. I mean, you know I've used tariffs for lots of different reasons, but I could see one point in tariffs with China big country would be probably worth more than all of TikTok as valuable as TikTok is. It's big stuff. So there's a great example. That's a great question, actually. I'm a very flexible person.

I could use that for that. Maybe I'll take a couple of points off if I get approvals for something. I haven't done it. Maybe I'll do it, maybe I won't. But it's a very good question. Peter, you're very good.

Go ahead.

Well, I love Tiger and I love Vanessa and uh, they had a great relationship. I happen to think the relationship with my son, I think -- I happen to think the relationship was hurt very badly by the witch hunt that went on Russia, Russia, Russia and all the crap that they put Don through, who knew nothing about it. But Vanessa and Don had a very good relationship.

They have incredible children, five incredible children, all good athletes, all great students, are great. And they broke up you know quite a while ago, which was to me very sad because I think they're both great, Don and Vanessa. And Tiger actually called me a few months ago and he and you have a very special, very good relationship with Tiger.

I played golf with him a couple of times over the last month and he's a fantastic guy and a fantastic athlete and he told me about it and I said, Tiger, that's good, that's good. I'm very happy for both. I just let them both be happy. Let them both be happy. They're both great.

Could be.

No, I'm not worried about it. I'm not worried about it. Yeah?

I think they have a chance of doing better actually with the tariffs. It can actually help them in a certain way and I think a lot of them will drop their tariffs because they've been unfairly tariffing the United States for years. And if you look at the European Union on cars, the European Union already dropped their tariff down to 2.5 percent.

It was announced a couple of days ago, which is a very small tariff. The United States charged very little. And I think I heard that India just a little while ago is going to be dropping its tariffs very substantially. And I said, why didn't somebody do this a long time ago? A lot of countries are going to be dropping their tariffs.

That's a big deal. That's a very big deal. I know all about it and a lot of people thought she wasn't going to be convicted of anything. And I don't know if it means conviction, but she was banned from running for five years and she's the leading candidate. That sounds like this country. That sounds very much like this country.

OK. Anybody else?

Who?

They do. Oh yeah.

Well, you're going to see. I've settled, yeah, a long -- actually a long time ago, but we talk about it. We talk about it a lot. We want to do what's right for the country and even the world. It affects the world, not just this country. This has been the piggy bank for the entire world, so it really does affect the world and that's important to me also.

Yeah?

So we've been looking, as you know, for Austin for years. I don't know about Biden. I don't think Biden was looking for anything, but we were. And there's been virtually no sign. You know that. There's been no sign of Austin, an incredible young guy, be less young now. It's been a long time. It's been many, many years.

The mother is fantastic. She is a very committed mother that her whole life is to find her son who was in Syria and just disappeared off the face of the earth. So a lot of bad things happen, but we're always -- we will never, until we find out something definitive, one way or the other, we'll never stop looking for him.

But we have been and the response, it's just a lot of dead ends. He's been gone for a long time. The problem is there's never been a sighting. Sometimes you'll have somebody, you're looking for them and there's a sighting. There's never been a sighting of Austin, but we are out there and we have great respect for his family and for his mother.

She's been unbelievable. Yeah, please?

No, behind you.

Well, I do. I have a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un. Now you people hate to hear that, but it's very important. I got along with him fantastically, as you know. It started off very rough, very nasty, little rocket man. The whole thing was a nasty deal. And then one day, we got a call that they'd like to meet.

We met. We have a great relationship. And yeah, we have -- there is communication. Yeah. I think it's very important. He's a big nuclear nation and he's a very smart guy. I got to know him very well. I remember I put my foot across the line and then I walked across the line. I don't know if Secret Service was thrilled with that.

They actually wasn't. They were not too thrilled, but I have a very good relationship with him. Yeah, I will probably do something at some point. Yeah, please?

So we have a lot of good people that want it. First of all, Elise is fantastic and I just don't want to take chances where you guys are saying how is the election going. We have a Congressional election that's a little bit close. I guess the one is in good shape, but the other one's a little bit close. But Randy Fine is a great guy.

They're both good candidates. They're very good. But it's a little bit, we want to be careful. And Elise is very popular in her district and so am I. We won by a lot of points and so did she. And there's a lot of people that wanted to run for it, but we have no idea, are they going to win. I think it's just security.

And I said, Elise, what about going back because they love you there and she's going to take a big leadership position with Mike Johnson and the group, the speaker. And I can tell you that for the replacement, we have a lot of people that have asked about it and would like to do it, David Friedman, Ric Grenell, and maybe 30 other people.

Everyone loves that position. That's a star-making position and so we'll see what happens. But we have a lot of people that are interested in going to the United Nations, as you can imagine. Yeah? Go ahead.

By the way, his rallies are amazing. He does great and he gets big crowds. He's really a star when it comes to that. He is a very talented guy. I would say, maybe Madison Square Garden because anybody that was there, the owner of the garden, Jim Dolan, who's, to me, always been terrific. He said this, he's never seen anything like it.

When you announced Madison Square Garden, it's a big arena, but we sell out big arenas, we sold out of Milwaukee; we sold out every big arena. We don't have -- we never had empty seats, it's amazing. They talk about Bernie Sanders gets 2,000 or 3,000 people. Everyone says these crowds -- I get 107,000 people in New Jersey.

In Butler, PA we had over 100,000 the second time, we had 55,000 the first time. We have big crowds. I would say Madison Square Garden because I grew up in New York and the garden is great. Jim Dolan treated us well, but everybody said that because I think I could have filled it up 10 times. We had hundreds of thousands of people that were stacked all the way back to the Hudson River and in the other direction, back to Fifth Avenue.

Nobody's ever seen -- I don't mean with a line, I mean, like 50 deep. Like 50 deep this way, the streets were closed, the whole thing, it was crazy. And when you take that, you know, you want to do well at Madison Square Garden, you don't want to have empty seats. But we could have sold it out, Brian, 10 times and everybody knew it. And I think we got a good indication that that's where the election was going.

And we won every swing state, and we won by millions of votes. It was a great election. Yeah.

No, I do want to thank however the president. He has been unbelievable and in relation to us. But I think that our people have done an incredible job. You know, I got elected on the basis of getting bad people out of our country that shouldn't be here, very dangerous people out of our country, and that's what I did.

And then you have a judge that wants to take over and I can't imagine it can be allowed. If it was up to him, they'd all be put back in our country. These are killers, these are drug lords. These are really bad people. But I want to thank the president of El Salvador because he's -- he did a -- he's done an amazing job.

You saw it. Yeah.

Well, I think he's amazing, but I also think he's got a big company to run. And so, at some point, he's going to be going back, he wants to. But at --

Oh, I'd keep him as long as I could keep him. He's a very talented guy. I love very smart people and he's very smart, and he's done a good job. You know DOGE has -- we found numbers that nobody can even believe, like $400 billion, $500 billion, it could be close to $1 trillion by the time they end on different things, and he's led the charge.

And you've seen a lot of his people -- and these are people that joined up. I always say the high IQ people; I like high IQ people, and they've done a great job. No, at some point, Elon is going to want to go back to his company. I will say he's got -- despite the way he's been treated, so he's an American patriot, but the way he's been treated with Tesla is just terrible.

It's just terrible. In fact, you have a Tesla, and you love it, you love it. He was saying before he bought a Tesla, he loved it. A lot of people are buying Teslas, I think, and I hope they are. He should not be treated that way. He's done an incredible service to our country.

Well, I can't tell you that. I can say this that a lot of the people that are working with DOGE are the secretaries, the heads of the various agencies. And they've learned a lot and they're dealing with the DOGE people. I think some of them may try and keep the DOGE people with them, but at a certain point I think it will end.

But they have also gotten a big education and they're doing a really good job. There'll be a point at which the secretaries will be able to do this work and do it very -- as we say, with a scalpel and that's what we want. Yeah, Jeff.

I have.

So, three are no longer with us and one is unfortunately probably in the same category, but they haven't declared that yet. It was a very heavy truck like a toy, but I mean really heavy that lifted the heaviest equipment and it would seem that the bank of a lake collapsed. You know the weight is so big, and it was at night, and it was very cold weather and ice, a lot of ice.

And it's possibly slipped, and the weight is so enormous of this thing. It's a massively heavy vehicle. And if they slipped a little bit, it's probably what happened, and it flipped and three are gone and one is missing.

Well, I haven't really looked at it in any detail, but I will. I mean, I have seen it quickly, but not -- I wouldn't want to comment on -- yeah, please.

So, I have a very good relationship with the Middle East. In fact, if you look at Michigan, I won the vote by a lot. People were a little surprised, and I have a very good relationship with Mohammed and the king. The son is Mohammed, he's great. Crown Prince, actually he's a Prime Minister too. He's got a lot of good titles, but he's great and the king has been wonderful.

And if you remember last time I went to Saudi Arabia, I put him first in the list because they agreed to buy $450 billion worth of American goods, military and otherwise. And they did. And it was an unbelievable day. It was in this gorgeous ballroom and companies were there from many, many -- probably a hundred companies.

And they were given anywhere from $40 million or $50 million to -- less -- and more actually. Some of them were given numbers that were just many times that amount. I think we had a couple of $20 billion deals and big stuff. And it's a very rich country because of oil, and we are a very rich country, ultimately when we straighten out because of oil.

Oil is always good. And I agreed to do it again, but -- and they've agreed to spend close to $1 trillion of money in our American companies, which to me means jobs. So, they're going to spend hundreds of billions of dollars, giving them to American companies that are going to be making equipment for Saudi Arabia and other places in the Middle East.

And for that, I think it's worth it. I did it last time, $450 billion and the press was there. It was one of the most unique days I've ever seen where companies would get up and you're getting $20 billion. They named the company the chairmen were all there, every chairman and top person in the company. You remember that, Peter?

I don't know if you were there, you might be too young for that.

Oh, that was boring. This was a much better deal. But it was amazing actually, it was an amazing day. We sold and we partook in $450 billion worth of investment into American companies. And they'd announced a company, the amount of money, $1 billion, $5 billion, $25 billion. And the chairman of the company, many of whom are well known figures, prestigious figures, great business leaders.

They went up, they shook the hand of somebody, and they would sit down, and we just had a big investment made. So, it was a record, nobody ever beat it before, $450 billion worth of jobs. I view it as jobs more than anything else. And now we're close to $1 trillion. So, it's more than double the number that we did when I first came to office.

It could be next month, maybe a little bit later, yeah. And we're going to Qatar also and also, we're going to possibly a couple of other countries. UAE is very important. It's a great leader in UAE. And I had his brother here the other night, if you saw that. We had -- a wonderful guy, a wonderful family.

So, we'll probably stop at UAE and Qatar and, as I used to call it Qatar, nobody's ever told me right or wrong. I always like to say Qatar, but it's Qatar. They like to say Qatar. And Saudi Arabia, the three of them, and then we'll go other places also. But in the Middle East, they seem to be the three. And again, tremendous amounts of jobs will be created that -- in those two or three days.

Thank you very much, everybody.

That was good. OK, ready, everybody? Well, you better do well with this. He's going to do it, make sure everything is nice and clean for your --

Because you're not in a clean industry.  Hold that up. OK. Thank you, everybody.

Did Biden do news conferences like this, Peter? I don't think so.