Who?

Hello, Peter.

I'm good. Thank you. Been pretty busy.

Now it's Africa. First Europe, then the Middle East, now Africa. Great people with us.

Well, thank you very much everybody for being with us today and I want to thank you, all of these great leaders, for joining us as we welcome to the White House, the presidents and prime ministers and various other forms of dignitary to this wonderful place. There's nothing Like the White House, to me. We're represented today and your continent is represented by Gabon, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mauritania and Senegal, all very vibrant places with the very valuable land, great minerals, great oil deposits and wonderful people.

Last month, the US Africa Business Summit had recorded an attendance, an attendance record actually, and generated $2.5 billion in new economic deals for the United States. On June 27th, the foreign ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda visited the White House to sign a historic peace agreement that we worked out. They've been fighting for 30 years. Seven million are dead and they think the number is actually quite a bit higher than that. It's been a long and vicious fight.

And I just wanted to say that the countries represented were very happy that we were able to solve that problem. I think over the next couple of weeks, the leaders of both countries will come to sign the final agreement. As you know, we had foreign ministers last week, but we're going to be signing an end to the horrible 30-year war.

It's been going on for a long time. I've been reading about it, hearing about it and it was a vicious war. It was a terrible war. I want to thank our outstanding Senior Advisor for Africa, Massad Boulos, for helping to mediate this breakthrough. He was very much involved in that settlement. Most people thought it couldn't be done.

But there's still much more to be done and we're going to be facilitating peace also in places like Sudan, where they have a lot of problems.

Libya and others, there's a lot of anger on your continent and we've been able to solve a lot of it. My administration is committed to strengthening our friendships in Africa through economic development efforts that benefit both the United States and our partners, and we're shifting from AID to trade. We had AID, or aid as we sometimes call it, right to trade and trade seems to be a foundation that I've been able to settle a lot of these disputes, like, as an example, India and Pakistan, Kosovo, Serbia.

I said, you guys going to fight, we're not going to trade, and we seem to be quite successful in doing that. To that end, we have closed the USAID group to eliminate waste, fraud and abuse, which was tremendous waste, fraud and abuse. And we're working tirelessly to forge new economic opportunities involving both the United States and many African nations.

There's great economic potential in Africa, like few other places in many ways. In the long run, this will be far more effective and sustainable and beneficial than anything else that we could be doing together. I'm eager to work with each of you on your vital issues. And also to discuss security, we've encouraged our staff at the white House to work along with these nations as such tremendous wealth there and potential there.

We encourage the countries here today to make greater investments in defense, hopefully, of course buying our equipment, because we do make the best defense equipment. I guess we proved that about two weeks ago in Iran, but we make the best equipment, best military equipment anywhere in the world by far.

There's nobody close. And keep pursuing the fight against terrorism, which is a big problem in Africa. Immigration will also be on the agenda and I hope we can bring down the high rates of people overstaying visas and also make progress on the safe third country agreements. And once again, I want to thank you all for being here.

And it's an honor for me. Some of you, I've met and some of you, I just got to meet. And I think it would be nice if you said a few words to the press, which is right back here. Do we have a camera over here? It'd be nice if you could -- oh, there, it is. You could speak to the -- you don't want to turn your head so much.

I do it a lot. It's not pleasant. But perhaps we could start with you, please. Thank you very much. Great gentlemen, by the way.

Thank you.

But I appreciate it very much. I appreciate it. Maybe we're going to have to go a little bit quicker than this because we have a whole schedule. If I could just ask your name and your country would be great. Thank you. Please.

Well, thank you and such good English, such beautiful -- where did you learn to speak so beautifully? Where were you educated, where? In Liberia?

Well, that's very interesting. It's beautiful English. I have people at this table who can't speak nearly as well, and they come from --

Could you turn that on? Yeah, just press there. There you go.

Good job. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. OK.

Nice. Some way to show off my skills. It's a long trip to show off my skill, but that's really nice and he's led a very interesting life. He looks like a very young person. He's a little older than he looks, but a fantastic job. He was treated very unfairly by his government and he prevailed and so congratulations on that.

Really, congratulations. He does a great job. And you've all done a fantastic job and so we'll be talking to you as we have the meal. Do you want to ask any questions, please? Where is my reporter from Africa? There you are? How are you?

She's very famous in Africa. See.

That's a very nice reporter. I got to meet her two weeks ago when we had the Congo and Rwanda and we had some other people up from Africa and that was the first time, but that's a very nice. I appreciate the question. It's very nice actually. Would you like to -- at some point, I would like to go to Africa, absolutely.

We're going to see what the schedule is, but at some point, I would like to do that very much. Would you like to give a fast answer, please?

Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Go ahead, please.

Well, thank you very much, very nice. Thank you. I didn't know I'd be treated this nicely. This is great. We could do this all day long. Thank you very much. Please, go ahead.

Thank you. Well said. Please.

Very much. Thank you.

Very nice. All of you, thank you very much. I appreciate it. Peter?

Well, I know nothing about it other than what I read today. But I will tell you, I think they're very dishonest people. I think they're crooked as hell. And maybe they have to pay a price for that. I believe they are truly bad people and dishonest people. So, whatever happens happens.

I've been a long time; it's been a long time. I don't know. Maybe I was around seven or so. I'm not too big into it. Yeah, I guess it's a threat. I'm not sure it's a threat actually, but perhaps it is.

Well, they wouldn't be saying that if they didn't hate our country and they obviously do, I'm surprised that they would do it knowing a little bit about them. I don't know them well, but these officers are doing a tremendous job. They're great patriots. If you expose them because of -- you know, statements have been made by Democrats and others on the left, usually, mostly, I think probably exclusively.

You put them in great danger, tremendous danger. And it's sort of funny when people pick it in front of Columbia, in front of Harvard and they have masks on -- more than masks. I mean, you can't see anything -- nobody complains about that. But when a patriot who works for ICE or Border Patrol puts a mask on so that they won't recognize him and his family, so they can lead a little bit of a normal life after having worked so hard and so dangerously, there's a problem with that.

So, they have their -- this is why -- this is the problem with the Democrats. They have a lot of bad things going on in their heads. They've really become very -- they've lost their confidence, number one. And they're really -- they've become somewhat deranged. I want to do whatever's necessary to protect our great law enforcement people.

And they are right at the top of the list.

Well, I don't want to get into that. I have a very good relationship with President Xi. We're going to see, and I'm going to -- you know, they're going to be making a recommendation to me, but we have a very good relationship. As you know, they're paying a lot of tariffs to the United States now and so I'm not going to get into that right now.

Yeah, please.

They would like it, they've asked for it, they're very rare indeed, because a lot of systems have been sent to Ukraine. But they would like -- I know they made the request. We're going to have to take a look at it -- very expensive, very expensive system. It's a shame that we have to spend so much money on a war that would have never happened if I were president.

That's a terrible, terrible war over there. And truly a shame. It's very sad. You know, when you talk about a system like that, highly sophisticated, tremendous amount of money, and they're doing it because they want to prevent death, they're getting hit hard, very hard, so we're looking at it.

Well, I've been sort of letting people know, I'm not happy about what's going on. It's a war that should have never happened. It should not happen now. They're losing -- now it's up -- I've been saying 5,000, now it's up to 7,000. Think of it, 7,000 people a week on both sides, 7,000 people, young, mostly military people.

Young souls are dead and dying and it should be stopped. It should be stopped. Very sad to see what's happening. Yes, please.

The formula was a formula based on common sense, based on deficits, based on how we've been treated over the years and based on raw numbers. And we're going to have a couple of more coming out today. Brazil, as an example, has been not good to us, not good at all. We're going to be releasing a Brazil number I think later on this afternoon or tomorrow morning.

But they're based on very substantial facts and also past history. You look at the past history, we've been -- we never had anybody in the White House that understood the numbers or were into it like I am. You know, we've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs, hundreds of billions, and we haven't even started yet.

And it's going to be a great thing for our country. I think it's going to be a fair thing for the world. And we really haven't had too many complaints because I'm keeping them at a very low number, very conservative, as you would say, number. And we haven't had -- I'm sure they will be complaining at certain points, but we haven't had complaints.

We've been treated very unfairly by both friend and foe. And friend has treated us very badly. It's not even believable that for so many years -- I was using tariffs in my first administration; we had the most successful, financially, administration that there's ever been. This is going to be much better, but we got cut short with the COVID because I didn't think it was appropriate when, you know, Italy, Spain -- you saw the horror show that a lot of the countries went through.

So, I cut it a little bit short. But we took in hundreds of billions of dollars, and we had the most successful term ever from a president financially. But this is going to be much more successful. Yes, please.

I haven't thought of it, but maybe -- I don't know. Let's see, I like him, him, him, him and him. No, I don't think so. Not too much. It's very good. These are friends of mine now.

Well, bigger than the tariffs actually are the fact that when you charge tariffs, at a certain point they say, well, we can't pay those tariffs, it doesn't make economic sense. These are wealthy countries, and they or their companies will come into our country and build. And that's what's actually happening.

If you had a very low tariff, there'd be no incentive to do that. If you have no tariff, like we used to have, which is so stupid it's not even believable, but then obviously they make their product, the product in their country, they have the jobs, they have the income, they have the taxes, they have everything.

And they just send it in to us and it's jobs that we wouldn't get. Now the wheel has turned and what we're doing is we're -- I mean, more important, we're taking in hundreds of billions of dollars, money that we've never seen before. But more important than that, we have a lot of people that would rather not have to pay that.

So they're coming in and they're building plants. AI, I mean, we're leading everybody, including China by a lot with AI. They're building their own plant.

You heard me say yesterday, they're building their own electric generating plants to go along with the factories or plants that they're building. If they want to do that, we're getting them fast approvals, very fast turnarounds. They're using mostly natural gas to start off, but they're using coal. They have the right to use coal.

They have the right to use nuclear. Nuclear has come a long way in the last five years. So we're getting them very fast approvals. We have factories and plants building at a level that we've never had in this country before. Yeah.

Well, it's not the experts, it's the fake news and a combination of that and the Democrats. I saw an ad on television today on Fox and it was some ad about, oh, Trump has raised costs. It's the opposite. I actually put out a statement, I brought down costs. I brought down the cost of groceries. I brought down the cost of energy, tremendously energy, tremendously groceries.

If you remember my first week in office, the press was screaming at me about the cost of eggs. They were four times higher than they were just a short time ago. That was caused by Biden and stupid policies, and we got that down. And by Easter, it was normalized and now it's actually even at a lower price.

So when I see an ad like that, it's always good to respond, I feel. I feel you have to respond. It was an ad that things are more costly. No, they're much less costly. Yesterday, $1.99 a gallon in two states, three states. We're selling gasoline at $ 1.99. You haven't seen that for a long time. And I brought costs way down, just about every cost.

I can't think of a cost that went up, but just about every cost. So what they do is they lie. I mean they take ads -- you'd almost think that the advertising station would stop it because they know it's wrong. It's such a lie. All you can do is say it's a lie and explain it. I guess I have the ability to explain it at conferences like this.

So I like to take advantage of it and do it, but costs are substantially down under the Trump administration. And as you know, Biden had the highest inflation, I believe in the history of our country. They say 48 years, but regardless, I think it was really the highest in the history of our country and they were up to numbers that nobody ever saw before.

And we have inflation now totally under control. We have a fed chairman that if he was doing his job properly, would lower interest rates, but we're bulling through even that. We're doing so well, it's not having that kind of an impact on us. But you want to see a rocket ship, we should have the lowest interest rates because without us, there's nothing.

And we have a strong country now and we're taking in a lot of money and other countries aren't even complaining. They got away with murder. They took advantage of a lot of very stupid people that sat in the seat, very stupid people or people that didn't understand business or something or something was going on, but hard to believe that they got away with it for so many years.

But now -- and I'm treating them very fairly. Again, we have countries with tremendous deficits with us, where we essentially lose a lot of money and we are changing that around very rapidly and I think it's about time somebody did it.

Yeah, please.

Well, I haven't thought about it because we're looking at Ukraine right now and munitions, but I have -- no -- I have not gone into it.

I would know. If a decision was made, I will know. I'll be the first to know. In fact, most likely I'd give the order, but I haven't done that yet. Yeah, please.

Well, we're talking about Gaza for the most part. I think we have a chance this week or next week. Not definitely, there's nothing definite about war and Gaza and all of the other places that we all deal with so much, but there's a very good chance that we'll have a settlement, an agreement of some kind this week and maybe next week, if not.

Well, we'll take a look at that. Yes, please.

Yeah, Peter.

Well, I think you have some very stupid people in the left who have some money that are making it available to these people. Because you look at the guns they had, they were brand-new. You look at even the clothing they were wearing, it looked like it just came out of some military shop. So you have some very stupid people that if anything ever happened, they'd be the first to go. They don't understand that.

They'd be the first to go. They'd be the first ones hit. But there is money being put behind people, when you look at the weapons they have, the newness of the weapons, rifles that just came out and they have the latest model. So there's something going on and we'll get to the bottom of it.

Very stiff.

Very, very stiff, very stiff.

A long time in jail, a long time. And one got hit yesterday in the neck and he fortunately is going to be OK, but he got hit yesterday in the neck. No good.

Wow. By the way, I assume when you read that, because you paused in the middle, you're going to have to read that again without the pause. Could you read that again, please?

So he's saying that to treat the people that did the shooting is --

Oh, OK, good, because the way you read it, it really was the opposite. But that's OK. That's all right. I think that's what he meant. No, the new John Fetterman is exactly what you said. He's right, he's right, and we have to protect our police officers. And we will and we have been. If you saw the stats released by the FBI the other day, the murder rates are way down, the lowest it's been in a long time and that took place over the last six months.

For the last six months, murder, it's a hell of a subject to have to talk about, but murder is way down, at almost getting to be modern day records. So that's -- despite the fact that we have a lot of people that came into the country that shouldn't be here.

Yes, please.

Good.

Well, we treat Africa great in many different ways, including with tariffs, but parts of Africa charge us tremendous tariffs, as you know, and they're going to be dropping those tariffs. They've already informed me they're going to be dropping those tariffs, but we treat Africa far better than China or anybody else, any place else.

Yeah.

I love the fact that churches can endorse a political candidate, I think so, because we have a lot of respect for the people that lead the church, for the pastors and the ministers and the rabbis and all different leaders, all different religions and people respect those people and I think there's nothing wrong.

It was a very big penalty that took place just a little while ago. They had a thing called the Johnson Act and it was a very big penalty. I think it's great if a pastor, minister, priest, rabbi -- and we could very much go into your religion, by the way, which is something that people having great respect for throughout the world.

If somebody of faith wants to endorse, I think it's something that I'd like to hear. And I'd also -- I can guarantee you the people that they're with every Saturday or Sunday or whenever it is they're with -- they want to hear from these people. And it was a very severe penalty. Those people were not allowed to speak up. Now they're allowed to speak up. No, I think it's terrific.

Oh, yeah, I think so. Harvard's been very bad, totally anti-Semitic and, yeah, they'll absolutely reach a deal. Peter?

It's very sad, it's very bad. A lot of them are here. We came in 21 million -- I think it's higher than that, by the way. But they say 21 million people came in, many of them are criminals, many of them are murderers. 11,888 is what they say are murderers and they came in through open border policies -- no checking, no vetting, no nothing, and we have a lot of that.

And despite that we have crime down, which is pretty amazing. And say hello to John -- say hello to John.

It's very possible, I will tell you we're getting very close to a deal. I don't know if it's secret or not secret, but it doesn't matter to me. Secret is fine if it gets us to where we want to be. We want to have a ceasefire, we want to have peace, we want to get the hostages back and I think we're close to doing it. OK? Thank you all very much.

Thank you very much.