Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with a very powerful, very smart woman and a friend of mine -- become a friend of mine. And she does a fantastic job running lots of different nations. And Ursula, thank you very much for being with us. Thank you.

Well, thank you very much and we will have a very good conversation. Any questions, please?

Well, they've never really reached -- not just now, they've never reached their potential. The UN could be unbelievable with certain people running it. And no, it's never reached the potential. Look, I put out seven wars, if you think about it and I'm not the UN, but -- and I wasn't helped by the UN, I was never even given a phone call.

But you have a list of the wars, and these were wars that were pretty much unstoppable. These were wars that were not going to be settled. One was 31 years, one was 32 years, one was 35 years and altogether a total of seven, two were starting. And I was never called by the UN, I was never like -- I didn't even think about it frankly until after we did it. I never gave it a lot of thought.

And then recently I started thinking, you know we were never helped by the UN. The UN has tremendous potential, tremendous potential. It's going to hopefully put out the wars themselves. I mean, someday it's going to do what I've been doing, and they should be able to do it. Thank you for that question. I appreciate it. Yeah.

Well, it's a fantastic role in peacekeeping, it should be great. I mean we shouldn't have any wars if the UN is really doing its job. I know they were involved originally with Russia-Ukraine and that didn't get done because that was the time to stop it. But no, it's -- I always say about the UN, fantastic potential, but it's all about the people.

You know, you can have a wonderful concept, but if you don't have the people. The UN has never lived up to its potential. But I'm the example of it, we do all these wars and we weren't helped by the UN. We weren't hurt by them, but we weren't helped. They didn't do anything. And they're supposed to be solving these problems.

Thank you very much, everybody. We have a lot of meetings. We have a lot of meetings to go. Thank you.