Good. Thank you very much. And thank you all for being here on this very exciting -- this is a very exciting day for -- we just had a big tariff meeting -- reciprocal tariffs. Should have been done 40 years ago. It wasn't, but it is now. It was big moment, actually, and this is a tremendous moment right now.

And it's going to be a real honor for me to introduce Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., who'll take the oath of office and officially become our secretary of Health and Human Services, just as I promised last year. Bobby is going to lead a great national mission to make America healthy again, and he's going to do it. I think he's going to do things that will really make us very proud of this day.

Like his father, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and his uncle, President John F. Kennedy, Bobby has devoted much of his life to serving his fellow Americans. In his campaign for president -- and he was a very tough competitor. I did not like it at all.  I said, "Let's get him on my side."  But in his campaign for president in 2024, Bobby brought together a coalition of supporters across party lines, and he really worked very hard, and he had tremendous support, unbelievable support.

And I think a lot of that support came my way when we decided to do a little merger. And it was really great. And it was very loyal -- very loyal, incredible people. They believe in him so strongly because he's a fierce advocate for the health of our children and for the values of free speech, democracy, and peace.

And people are going to be very impressed. I have no doubt. I've known him a long time. He's been a friend of mine a long time. Perhaps most importantly, though, Bobby created a nationwide movement made up of millions and millions of mothers and fathers and young people and concerned citizen of every background who want to end this -- this horrible, chronic disease crisis that exists in America.

He's absolutely committed to getting dangerous chemicals out of our environment and out of our food supply and getting the American people the facts and the answers that we deserve after years in which our public health system has squandered the trust of our citizens. And they really have. They don't trust us. They don't trust anybody, frankly.

They've gone through hell. There's no better person to lead our campaign of historic reforms and restore faith in American health care, and Bobby is going to do it. The United States spends more money in health than any other country on Earth, but we're growing sicker every year. We're not as healthy as countries that spend just a fraction of what we spend.

So, there's something wrong. He's going to figure it out. In recent decades, we've seen staggering increases in cancer rates across all age demographics, including more than 40 percent increase in childhood cancer since 1975 -- who can believe that? -- and an explosion in other chronic childhood illnesses.

Not long ago, 1 in 10,000 people -- children had autism. Now it's 1 in 36. Think of that, 1 in 10,000 -- 1 in 10,000, and now it's 1 in 36. Who can believe that? There's something wrong. There's something wrong, and I think it's something that can be found out. In 2022, more than 40 percent of children had at least one chronic health condition, and today, nearly 80 percent of young adults do not qualify for military service, in large part for health reasons.

Think of that, 80 percent. Something is wrong, and that's why, immediately after Bobby is sworn in, I will be signing an executive order establishing the president's commission to make America healthy again. We have some great people on that commission. Chaired by our new secretary, this groundbreaking commission will be charged with investigating what is causing the decades-long increase in chronic illness, reporting its findings, and delivering an action plan to the American people.

And it's going to be a plan that people are really waiting to hear. Bobby, I want to thank you. You've gone through a lot. It's taken great courage. You've been amazing, actually. I'd call him, I'd say, "You're going to be okay." And he said, "I know. I really do." He's really been supported, amazingly, by Cheryl and his family.

And it was a very tough -- it was a very nasty group of people that were after him, but he was tougher, and he was smarter than they are, and that's why he's here today. There are very few people that could have withstood the assault, but he was able to. So, I just want to congratulate you, and we have a very special person here to swear you in. A very -- a man that I think has done just a -- I think he's just an amazing man, as you know.

His name happens to be Gorsuch, and he's a member of the Supreme Court in extremely good standing. He's highly respected by everybody. And I didn't know, are you two friends or something or did this just happen to be -- Justice, did this just happen to be the luck of the draw? What happened?

Did you reach out?

Well, you reached out to a very good man. So, please, if you would. Thank you very much.

I'll do this first.

We're going to make this a good one, right? Okay. It's good so far, Bobby. Good.

It's a 10.

Why don't you get in here?

Bobby.

Thank you, Bobby.

He's going to be running it. He's going to do a great job. That's my plan.

Well, he's going to find out a lot of secrets that have been maybe kept from us, but he's going to come up with some solutions to some big, big problems -- solve problems. And I think he's going to go down in the record books. I really have confidence. This group has great co- -- even Rand has confidence, and that's --  -- that doesn't happen often.  good luck.

Good luck.

Great job. Great job. Thank you all very much. Thank you.