Thank you very much.

A little bit a few days short, but still.

Thank you very much, Mark. I appreciate it and we've developed a very good relationship and we're going to be talking about trade and many other things. And we have a whole group of people, some traders and some other people. I see my top economy people, but we have a very talented group of people and you do too, and I know they work together very well.

I look forward to that. The G-7 used to be the G-8. Barack Obama and a person named Trudeau didn't want to have Russia in, and I would say that that was a mistake because I think you wouldn't have a war right now if you had Russia in and you wouldn't have a war right now if Trump were President four years ago, but it didn't work out that way.

But you wouldn't have had the war. And other than that, I think we're going to accomplish a lot. And I expect to. And I think our primary focus will be trade and trade with Canada. And I'm sure we can work something out.

Thank you very much.

Say it.

It's not so much holding up. I think we have different concepts. I have a tariff concept and Mark has a different concept, which is something that some people like. But we're going to see if we can get to the bottom of it today. I'm a tariff person. I've always been a tariff. It's simple, it's easy, it's precise and it just goes very quickly.

And I think Mark has a more complex idea, but also very good. So we're going to look at both and we're going to see what we're going to come out with something, hopefully.

Yeah, it's achievable. Both parties have to agree. Yeah, sure.

Yeah.

They'd like to talk, but they should have done that before. I had 60 days and they had 60 days. And on the 61st day, I said, we don't have a deal. They have to make a deal and it's painful for both parties, but I'd say Iran is not winning this war and they should talk and they should talk immediately before it's too late.

I don't want to talk about that. We'll see.

I'm not saying he should at this point because too much water has gone over the dam maybe, but it was a big mistake. Obama didn't want him and the head of your country, the proud head of your country didn't want him. This was a big mistake. You wouldn't have that war. You know, you have your enemy at the table, even -- I don't even consider him -- he wasn't really an enemy at that time.

There was no concept. If I were president, this war would have never happened. But likewise, if he were a member of what was called the G-8 at that time, it was always the G-8, you wouldn't have a war right now.

We've always supported Israel. We have for a long period of time, strongly, and Israel is doing very well right now.

Well, it's not a bad idea. I don't mind that. If somebody wants to suggest China coming in, I think we suggest. But you want to have people that you can talk to. They don't talk to -- Putin speaks to me. He doesn't speak to anybody else. He doesn't want to talk -- because he was very insulted when he got thrown out of the G-8, as I would be, as you would be, as anybody would be. He was very insulted.

And I mean, he was thrown out by Trudeau, who convinced one or two people, along with Obama. He was thrown out and he's not a happy person about it. I can tell you that. Basically, he basically doesn't even speak to the people that throw him out and I agree with him.

Go ahead.

I don't know what you're saying.

Yeah, I want them to focus on the cities because the cities are where you really have what's called sanctuary cities and that's where the people are. I look at New York, I look at Chicago. I mean, you got a really bad governor in Chicago and a bad mayor, but the governor is probably the worst in the country, Pritzker.

But I look at how that city has been overrun by criminals, and New York and LA. Look at LA. LA, those people weren't from LA. They weren't from California, most of those people, many of those people. And yeah, that's a focus. Biden allowed 21 million people to come into our country. Of that vast numbers of those people were murderers, killers, people from gangs, people from jails.

They emptied their jails out into the US. Most of those people are in the cities, all  the cities, all blue cities, all Democrat-run cities and they think they're going to use them to vote. It's not going to happen.