Thank you very much everybody. We appreciate it and we've had interesting day, I think very productive day and we're now meeting with -- we're going to start a meeting with the president who we all know very well. And he's a brave man and he's putting up one hell of a fight, and we'll see how that all turns out.

But we're going to have a meeting and we have about 30 meetings scheduled today.

We have a lot of meetings scheduled today, going pretty late into the night. But this is an important one and we have great respect for the fight that Ukraine is putting up. It's pretty amazing, actually. So Mr. President, please.

Yes.

Thank you.

Would you like to say how you are doing on the battlefield while we're here?

Please.

That's right.

Thank you very much.

Any questions, please?

Yes, I do.

I'll let you know in about a month from now. OK?

Well, that's later down the road, we'll be talking about that. Hopefully, we'll be in a position to talk about that a little bit later on. It's a little bit too early to answer that question. Yeah, go ahead, please.

Well, he's a friend of mine. I have not spoken to him, but I have a feeling if I did, he might stop, and I think I'll be doing that.

Well, the biggest progress is that the Russian economy is terrible right now, as you know. It's crashing. And that frankly, Ukraine is doing a very good job of stopping this very large army. It's pretty amazing. You know, this is a war that should have ended in three days, four days. People said it was going to be very quick and you got to hand it to the Ukrainian soldiers and everybody involved.

It's still going on and that's not a good thing for Russia. This was supposed to be quick. And so, you know, Russia doesn't look very distinguished having taken three and a half years now, right? It's about three and a half years of very hard fighting. And it looks like it's not going to end for a long time.

Where? Where are they?

Well, I have no response until I find out exactly what happened. I know about it, but they haven't -- they don't know what happened, but we're going to find out very soon.

Depends on the circumstance, but you know, we're very strong toward NATO. NATO stepped up. You know, when they went from two percent to five percent, that was great unity. Trillions of dollars is being pumped in and they're paying us for the weapons that we send. But that was a big day that nobody thought a thing like that could happen.

You had countries that weren't paying two percent and now they're all paying five percent. That's a lot of money. It's a lot of weapons they're buying and they're buying them from us. They're buying them from the US. You know, in the old days, Biden gave them everything, gave them $350 billion worth of money and weapons.

That's a lot of money and a lot of weapons. And we got, really, not much for it. We gave the money to Ukraine to fight. And we've, uh, they've proven, they're very brave. I mean, look, they're fighting and this is a war going on three and a half years, and people thought it would be over quickly because Russia is a big military power and Ukraine, I tell you, they are good fighters.

Got to hand it to them. They have a lot of courage; a lot of guts. Thank you very much, everybody.