OK. Thank you very much. We all know the great prime minister of the UK and we just signed a document. This is -- oh, sorry about that.

A little windy out here. Give me that. We just signed it and it's done. And so we have our trade agreement with the European Union and it's a fair deal for both, going to produce a lot of jobs, a lot of income and we have other many other ones coming. But you see the level of enthusiasm is very good, but the relationship that we have is fantastic.

So I just want to congratulate you.

Great people. Great people.

Not much.

And here I am.

Israel is doing very well as you probably noticed and I gave Iran 60 days and they said, no. And the 61st, you saw what happened, day 61. So I'm in constant touch and as I've been saying, I think a deal will be signed or something will happen, but a deal will be signed. And I think Iran is foolish not to sign one.

No, no. Look, Iran should have signed sign the deal.

Well, I think this, I think Iran basically is at the negotiating table. They want to make a deal. And as soon as I leave here we're going to be doing something, but I have to leave here. I have you know this commitment. I have a lot of commitments. I have a commitment to a lot of countries, including the UK, where we just signed our deal.

We're going to let you have that information in a little while.

They're starting already.

Well, Europe is saying that, but they haven't done it yet. Let's see them do it first.

Because I'm waiting to see whether or not a deal is signed.

And don't forget, sanctions cost us a lot of money. When I sanction a country, that costs the US a lot of money, a tremendous amount of money. It's not just, let's sign a document. You're talking about billions and billions of dollars. Sanctions are not that easy. It's not just a one-way street.

We're very long-time partners and allies and friends and we become friends in a short period of time. He's slightly more liberal than I am, to put it mildly.

But for some reason, we get along.

No, no. I just -- saving lives. I only care about saving lives. We have nothing to do with it except that Biden stupidly let us get into that mess and gave them $350 billion, $350 billion and yet despite that, you saw how we did in the Middle East. We took in $5.1 trillion. We have $15 trillion almost looking around that number going to be invested in the US. So the money is not the thing in this case.

It's 5,000 young people are being killed every week in Russia, Ukraine. And if I can stop that, I'll be very happy. They're Ukrainian and they're Russian. So you could say what am I doing, but I'd like to see if I could stop it.

Who said that?

It's irrelevant. Something's going to happen.

Yeah, yeah, but I think we're doing pretty well. We're talking.

We have a thing called a telephone, so we're talking, but it's always better to talk in person.

I want to see no nuclear weapon in Iran and we're well on our way to making sure that happens.

What?

The UK is very well protected. You know why, because I like them, that's why. That's their ultimate protection. Thank you very much. The prime minister has done a great job. I want to just tell that to the people of the United Kingdom. He's done a very, very good job. You know, he's done what other people -- they've been talking about this deal for six years, right?

And he's done what they haven't been able to do. So he's done, really, a very good job.

I don't know what Tucker Carlson is saying. Let him go get a television network and say it so the people listen. Thank you.

Yeah, a lot of them.

A lot of them.

Well.