Well, thank you very much everybody. It's a real honor to welcome all of you to the White House, the famous Oval Office, and we award the first ever Medals of Sacrifice to three heroic law enforcement officers from Palm Beach County, Florida. I went to the service. It was crazy. It was just horrible. Earlier today, Congressman Brian Mast, who's right here, introduced a bill to ensure this new medal will be awarded to any law enforcement officer or first responder who gives his or her life in the line of duty.

I also want to recognize Lara and Eric Trump for their work to make this medal reality. Thank you, Lara. Thank you. I appreciate it very much. Thanks as well to Attorney General Pam Bondi, who is with us. Pam, thank you very much. I appreciate it. So busy. She's so busy, but she wouldn't miss it. Secret Service Director Sean Curran.

Sean, wherever you may be. Hi, Sean. Congressman Byron Donalds, State Representative, Meg Weinberger and Dan Newland. Thank you. Thank you, Dan. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Byron. Thank you  really great that you're here. I also want to express our gratitude to Major Paul Vrchota. Where is Paul?

Paul. Thank you, Paul. Captain Ryan Mugridge. Thank you, Captain. Lieutenant Shandon Hood. Shandon. Sergeant Scott Yoder.

Thank you very much, Sergeant. Deputy Sheriff Christopher Farron. Thank you very much, Christopher. And Deputy Sheriff Chris Cameron. Thank you very much. Thank you. And all of the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office, they have many people here representing that incredible office. I know it very well. Very special thanks as well to Alexandre Arnault, who's a tremendous person, with his father who -- they own Tiffany, and they really devoted tremendous time and effort to helping us design this beautiful medal.

And thank you very much, Alexandre. I appreciate that you came. You came all the way from France, and the incredible team at Tiffany and Company. And Tiffany is doing great. He's a fantastic leader. You know all about fantastic, the great Arnault family and the fact that you came for this is very meaningful actually.

It's really incredible. But for crafting this beautiful medal and I know he looked at it and he worked on it. He had his best people working on it and people are loving it and this will go on for a long time. You'll be making that medal for a long time, unfortunately. In one way it's very sad, but we properly respect the ones that have lost their lives.

Today, we also remember three remarkable heroes who will become the medal's first ever recipients. It's a big honor, Corporal Luis Paez Jr., Deputy Sheriff Ralph Butch Waller Jr., and Deputy Sheriff Ignacio Dan Diaz. And thank you very much, represented by family members who are -- I was there with them.

That was devastation. They were devastated. We're profoundly grateful to be joined by their loved ones. Corporal Paez's former wife, Doris. Thank you, Doris, for being with us. Thank you very much. Thank you. And his son, Cameron. Good-looking son too. Deputy Waller's wife, Denise. Thank you, Denise, very much.

And Deputy Diaz's daughter, Alexandria. Thank you. Thank you very much. I want to thank you all and the three officers we recognize today were close friends. They were really close friends and colleagues. And together, they dedicated their lives to protecting the people of Palm Beach County and well beyond, and they were beloved by everyone and respected by all.

Really, really top of the line people. Countless times when I was in Florida, they proudly saved -- and they saved a lot of lives. They were going around saving a lot of lives. Their reputation was incredible. They served in motorcades for presidents, called presidential motorcades, a very dangerous job, actually.

And I was deeply honored to attend their memorial service last year. In a horrific accident in November, the three officers were working to restart one of their motorcycles on the shoulder of a road when they were struck by an SUV, struck dead center, and all three perished from their injuries. Essentially, they perished immediately.

This was a terrible tragedy. It shook the entire Palm Beach community like very, very few events I've ever seen. All of Florida mourn their loss and today our entire nation joins in honoring these three incredible patriots taken from us much too soon, much, much too soon. To Doris, Cameron, Denise, Alexandria, to all of those who loved these brave men, we are deeply sorry for your loss and eternally grateful for their sacrifice, a great, great sacrifice, just respected by everybody.

We'll never forget their legacy and we will never forget the debt we owe all of these great law enforcement heroes who have given their lives to keep our community safe and make America strong again. We have so many unbelievable people in the police department and other departments, first responders, firemen, a lot of brave, incredible people.

And I'd now like to ask my son, Eric Trump, to say a few words followed by Congressman Brian Mast and Alexander Arnault is going to be giving out the medals. Then I'll present the Medals of Sacrifice. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Please.

Thank you.

And that's never taken place before, that recognition that it's a job that's always dangerous and often deadly and there's a debt that can never be repaid, but you're willing to recognize that debt. So thank you, Mr. President, for recognizing it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Byron

Thanks, Byron. OK. So you want to help us out with this? You're the one that made it. That's beautiful. So can we ask the families to step forward, please. Sherriff, would you like to help us, please?

Thank you very much. Take care of yourself, OK?  right over here. OK.

Would you like to say something?

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Would you like to say something about your father?

Come on over here.

Thank you very much. He'd be very proud of you. Thank you.

Would you like to --

Thank you very much. And we have a fourth and we're going to give this to you, and hopefully -- maybe you're never going to give it or give it to Sheriff Bradshaw, who's an incredible  he's done an amazing job and we'll have it should something happen and that's right here. OK.

And I hope it  --

-- so important. I mean, people have talked about it for years. I want to thank Brian Mast for what he's done, Congressman. He's been unbelievably  great representative that -- And he worked hard. He wanted to do it right and we wanted to go -- somehow we could them done pretty easily in one way, but we wouldn't get them done by Tiffany.

And the fact that the Arnault family stepped up was absolutely incredible. It means more. When you get a name like that, I think it means something extra. But these were incredible people and they're looking down on you right now, and they're very, very proud, very, very proud of all of you and it's too bad we had to be doing this, but I was there with you that day and that was a rough day.

Thank you very much. Do you have any questions? Yeah.

Having to do from previous? We're looking at the possibility of that, yeah. You had a lot of people -- a lot of people die in the line of duty, when you think of it and we figured it was time to start. We haven't had the situation arise. This was a terrible situation. We haven't had it arise yet, but we're looking at going back a little bit and see what we can do about that.

Yes. We're strongly -- yeah, go ahead.

Yeah.

No, no, no. I think it would be great to have it at the Vatican, maybe it would have some extra significance. And I saw that it was discussed yesterday. So I thought -- and people told me that they'd be honored to do it. I would imagine they would be. So no, I think it would be maybe helpful. There's tremendous bitterness, anger, and I think maybe that could help some of that anger.

So having it at the Vatican would be -- in Rome, would be a very -- I think it would be a great idea. Thank you.

Well, what we've done and very strongly, is we said, let's get this thing going. You know, I had many of the leaders of European nations on the line with me right after the call and we have to get that thing solved. 5,000 young people every single week on average and I've seen satellite pictures. You don't want to see these pictures.

We'll have to see what happens. This was not my war. This is not a war that would have happened if I were president. This is not my war. I'm just here to try and help. We've spent hundreds of billions of dollars on this war and yet, that's not -- frankly, we made much more than that just in four days in the Middle East.

It's a lot of money, but we do much -- this is about thousands of people dying every single week, 5,000, 6,000 people dying every single week. And just like you have the relatives here, wives and children and everything, these soldiers, they say goodbye in Ukraine and in Russia and then their parents never see them again, except maybe in pictures of horrible scenes because I've seen some scenes.

I've never Seen anything like it, so we're going to see if we can get it taken care of. Yeah, please

I think something is going to happen. It's a very -- very big egos involved. I tell you, big egos involved. But I think something's going to happen. And if it doesn't, I'd just back away and they're going to have to keep going. Again, this was a European situation. It should have remained a European situation, should have remained.

But we have -- because the past administration felt very strongly that we should be involved, that we got involved much more than Europe did in terms of the money and all of the things that we gave. We gave massive amounts, I think record-setting amounts given to a foreign -- there's never been anything like this, both weaponry and money.

And Europe gave a lot also, but they didn't give anywhere near what we gave. We gave probably almost three times the amount, and it's just a shame. The whole thing is a shame. But the level of death is just a shame. Yep.

About what?

Of course I did. I talked to him about it. I said, when are we going to end this, Vladimir? I know him for a long time now. I said when are we going to end this bloodshed, this bloodbath, it's a bloodbath, and I do believe he wants to end it. When I made the call, I told the people last night, I spoke to the heads of the different countries, Germany and Finland, we had Italy, as you know, and UK was on the line today and a couple of others.

And then they were in turn calling the everyone. Ursula was there from the European Union. She was terrific. And we spoke for a long time about it and they got a problem. It's a big, big problem. It's a terrible war. It's very hard to extradite themselves away from what's taking place over there. The amount of anger, the amount of hate and the amount of death, it's very hard, very tough situation.

But I said to them, you got to get going. And I did say also, if I thought that you couldn't do it, I'd step away because what are you going to do? We don't have boots on the ground. We wouldn't have boots on the ground, but we do have a big stake and the financial amount that was put up is just crazy. It's crazy.

This isn't for us, this is for somebody else. The amount of money that we put up is record-setting. There's never been anything like this, and that includes weapons. Never been anything like this. Yeah, please.

Well, we'll look. I mean, we're going to look. I hope that -- I like to think positively, frankly. I just can't believe that they allow this to continue. This would have never happened if I were president and most people admit that, and it didn't happen for four years. And October 7th would have never happened either.

That's the attack on Israel. That would have never happened. So sad, a lot of things wouldn't have happened, but it's so sad to see it. No, I think that there's a good chance we can get this done. I believe Putin wants to do it. Now, if I thought Putin didn't -- I mean, that's what I do. My whole life is like deals, one big deal and if I thought that President Putin did not want to get this over with, I wouldn't even be talking about it. I'd just pull out.

I think he's had enough. I think he's had enough. It's been a long time. This has been going on for more than three years, when you think, right? It's been going on for a long time. Yeah, please.

You have to talk up.

No, no, I didn't bring that up, but I did say, it's time. You got to stop this thing. And I believe he wants to stop. Look, I would be, I think very able to tell whether or not he wanted to or -- I thought there was a very good chance, like a 50/50 chance that he would say, I want to take the whole thing.

I didn't know what he was going to say and then they have a different kind of a problem. But I believe he wants to stop. He should.

Yeah, in my head but not something I'm going to announce, but yeah, definitely in my head.

Because this isn't our war. This is not my war or this is not the war. I mean, we got ourselves entangled in something that we shouldn't have been involved in and we would have been a lot better off and maybe the whole thing would have been better off because it can't be much worse. It's a real mess. It's a death trap.

I think that -- yeah, I would say I do have a certain line, but I don't want to say what that line is because I think it makes the negotiation even more difficult than it is. Yes.

Well, he's in a war. Nobody said don't. They're fighting, they're attacking, they're attacking each other and people are dying all the time. He's in a war. He's fighting a war. Nobody said he was going to stop. I think, is a terrible, yeah, it's terrible. I do. I think it's terrible.

Well, because I think there's a chance of getting something done. And if you do that, you could also make it much worse, but there could be a time when that's going to happen. Yep?

Go ahead, please.

I think it's very sad, actually. I'm surprised that it wasn't -- the public wasn't notified a long time ago. Because to get to stage nine, that's a long time. I just had my physical. You saw that. You saw the results of that particular test. I think that test is standard to pretty much anybody getting a physical, good physical.

We had the doctors at the White House and over at Walter Reed, which is a fantastic hospital. I did a very complete physical, including cognitive tests. I'm proud to announce I aced it, got them all. I got them all right. Are you proud of me? Yes. Your husband would be proud of me for getting them all right.

It's a little risk. If I didn't get them all right, these people would be after me. It would be not a good situation, but I think, frankly, anybody running for president should take a cognitive test. They say it's unconstitutional. But I would say in that particular case, having a cognitive test wouldn't be so bad.

But when you take tests, medical tests as a male, that test is very standard. I don't know if it's given to everybody, but it's given just about. And it takes a long time to get to that situation. Now, I think to get to a stage nine, I think that if you take a look, it's the same doctor that said that Joe was cognitively fine.

There was nothing wrong with him. Well, he said -- if it's the same doctor, he said there was nothing wrong there. That's been proven to be a sad situation. And the autopen is becoming a very big deal. The autopen is becoming a big deal because it seems like that maybe was the president, whoever operated the autopen.

But when they say that that was not good, they also -- you have to look and you have to say that the test was not so good either. In other words, there are things going on that the public wasn't informed and I think somebody's going to have to speak to his doctor, if it's the same -- or even if it's two separate doctors, why wasn't the cognitive ability, why wasn't that discussed?

And I think the doctor said he's just fine and it's turned out that's not so. It's very dangerous. Look, this is no longer politically correct. This is dangerous for our country. Look at the mess we're in. You're talking about all these questions on Ukraine and Russia that would have never happened. As an example, if I were president, would have never happened.

The other thing is you have to say, why did it take so long? I mean, this takes a long time. It can take years to get to this level of danger. So it's a -- look, it's a very, very sad situation and I feel very badly about it. And I think people should try and find out what happened because I'll tell you, I don't know if it had anything to do with the hospital.

Walter Reed is really good. They're some of the best doctors I've ever seen. I don't even know if they were involved, but a doctor was involved in each case, maybe it was the same doctor. And somebody is not telling the facts. That's a big problem.

I'd rather tell you in about two weeks from now because I can't say yes or no. I think -- look, he's a strong person, Zelenskyy, a strong guy and he's not the easiest person to deal with, but I think that he wants to stop. It's a very bad -- it's a very bad thing that's happening over there. I think he wants to stop, but I could answer that question better in two weeks or four weeks from now.

I hope the answer is that he wants to get it solved. I want to thank everybody very much. And on behalf of the United States of America, we greatly honor your family and friends, everybody that had to suffer so much. But you have three great men that are looking down on you and they're very proud right now.

They're very proud. This is the Oval Office and they're a big part of it now. They're a part of the Oval Office, the White House. And thank you all very much. Thank you.