And we have a lot of great people here and we've been looking forward to this day, but we sort of look forward to every day because we have a lot of surprises, most of which are good. Today you saw GDP was much higher than anticipated. And Scott, good job. Scott Bessent has been working, just got back from a little excursion and a meeting with China in Europe and that went well.

We've done very well with the EU deal. It's a very big deal. I guess they say the biggest trade deal ever made by far -- probably is. Just completed Japan and many other countries and hundreds of billions of dollars is flowing into our country. We've never seen anything even close. And that's not me saying it, that's everybody saying it. And it's going to be something really, really very special.

Maybe even more importantly, factories for AI and for cars and for lots of other things are being built in this country or planned to be built very shortly, they'll be starting. And where they need great amounts of energy like for AI, they're going to be -- I've given them approval and Lee Zeldin has given them very fast approval to build their own electric powering plants and they'll build them with a factory so we don't have to worry about an ancient grid and all of the other problems, the obstacles people thought we were going to have that would make it impossible.

And we're leading AI by a lot. And I think people are very impressed with our country. As they said, the king of Saudi Arabia and various leaders, just about every leader I can even imagine. We were in the Middle East and Qatar, UAE, Saudi Arabia. They said one year ago your country was dead and today you have the hottest country anywhere in the world.

And that's true. So, I congratulate everybody in the room that's helped, but we're doing a good job together. I'd like to begin by saying a few words about the unbelievable kind of numbers that we've been putting up. And as I said, the number of 3 percent, the pace in the second quarter, we smashed all expectations.

They thought it would be maybe a little bit less than 2 and it was 3, a little bit more than 3. Consumer spending is up, business investment is way up, domestic manufacturing is way up, real disposable family income is up, and personal savings are up. Other than that, we're not doing so great.  We have the hottest country.

And I'll tell you, it's a great -- we're having a lot of fun with it. At the same time, we dramatically slashed government spending for the second quarter in a row, down nearly 4 percent, which people were surprised at. We do a lot of cutting also. The private sector has boomed with nearly 600,000 jobs added, way above expectations, while we have reduced the federal workforce by 70,000 jobs.

So, these are private jobs that are coming back to our country. Federal jobs are being cut. Critics said that our tariffs would hurt the economy, but the data shows the exact opposite, and the exact opposite is happening. The US Treasury has taken in $150 billion from tariffs and will be adding about $200 billion, next month for totals that nobody's ever seen before, frankly.

And foreign imports were down 30 percent in the second quarter, while the domestic auto production surged by a stunning 36 percent. How about that number, Dr. Oz? That's good, that's good. We want to do that with your patients too. We'll have a very healthy -- we're going to have a very healthy country. At the same time, inflation continues to fall faster than expectations, and for the fifth consecutive month, core inflation was lower than predicted, substantially.

This is truly the dawn of the golden age of America. That's what we're in. We want to keep it that way. This afternoon we're gathered to announce another historic victory for the American people, a very important one. Today, the dream of easily transportable electronic medical records finally becomes a reality.

I want to thank Secretary Scott Bessent and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. for joining us, as well as administrator of the centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Dr. Mehmet Oz, all friends of mine. White House AI and Crypto Czar David Sacks, and acting administrator of DOGE, Amy Gleason, all here. And we have various great Senators here, Senator Rounds, Senator Cassidy, thank you very much -- very much for being here and helping out.

I also want to thank representatives from Apple, Google, Samsung, Amazon, OpenAI, Anthropic, Epic, Oracle, Athena Health, Noom, and that's not a bad group of people. Wow. And they're the top people, we don't play games. You know, when you invite people to the White House, the top ones, that's a big net worth sitting in this room right now, boy, oh boy.

We better make sure the room is nice and safe, this is half the net worth of our country. I'm also grateful to be joined by many numerous Congressmen. I'm not going to name you if you don't mind. I'll probably never get their vote again, but it's too many. Thank you very much for being here. The Congress has been great, Senators have been great, and the Congress men and women have been great.

We just passed the most important, I think -- look, I can't say most important, but certainly one of the most, but the most consequential and the largest bill in the history of Congress and I call it the Great Big, Beautiful Bill. We call it different names, but it all means the same thing. For decades, America's health care networks have been overdue for a high-tech upgrade and that's what we're doing.

The existing systems are often slow, costly and incompatible with one another. But with today's announcement, we take a major step to bring health care into the digital age, something that is absolutely vital, we've got to do it -- moving from clipboards and fax machines into a new era of convenience, profitability and speed and, frankly, better health for people.

Under the leadership of Administrator Oz, we're officially launching the CMS Digital Health Tech Ecosystem to give health care providers, insurers and software companies the tools they need to empower Americans with a 21st century experience on health.

The key breakthrough we've made is getting many of the biggest names in health care and technology to agree to industry-wide standards for electronic medical records. All of those great companies that you just heard have gotten together with this group of very brilliant people. I think -- I don't know who's more brilliant, them or them?

I don't know. It could be them. I hate to tell you. It could very well be them, but I don't know. I'm going to take my team. But the key breakthrough we've made is getting many of the biggest names in healthcare and technology to agree to that real -- those standards of electronic medical records that we talk about and you've heard about for so many years, and now it's happening.

This will allow patients to easily transmit information from one doctor to another, even if they're different networks and using different record-keeping systems. No matter what system they use, they're all transferable. The new standards will also make it simple for patients to access their own personal health records.

I don't want to see mine, please. I don't want to see it. I don't know about you. They have all sorts of things. Sir, they can tell you exactly what your problem is going to be in six years. We can do it. You know, they have all these different things. I don't know if they work or not, but I didn't want to hear it. I didn't want to hear it. If I got a problem, I don't want to know about it right now, but it is amazing what they're doing.

I don't know. Does it actually work? Can they do that?

All right. Well, then I'm glad I said. I don't want to know. But thanks to this announcement, health care providers across the country will also finally be able to kill the clipboard. It's an expression that's used, capital -- with a capital C, kill the clipboard. Instead of filling out the same tedious paperwork at every medical appointment, patients will simply be able to grant their doctors access to their records at the push of a button.

Just a button and you're all set and all the information the doctor needs will be immediately transmitted. The system will be entirely opt-in and there will be no centralized government-run database, which everyone is always concerned about. I'm less concerned than anybody. I say, whatever it is, it is. But people are very, very concerned about the personal records.

They want to keep them very quiet and that's their choice. I think it's a great thing because it will be. It will be absolutely quiet. Instead, doctors and patients will always remain in control. The benefits to millions of Americans will be enormous. We will save time. We will save money and most importantly, we'll save lives.

It's just going to make people live longer and be a lot healthier. I think that's really what you're looking to do. And now I'd like to ask Secretary Kennedy to say a few words, followed by David Sacks, Dr. Oz and Amy Gleason. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

That's right.

Great job. Great job. Thank you very much. That was great. And hello. You look very, very healthy to me. You look really great. So just, I want to thank all of the companies that are here. These are big names, great people and now you're doing something that's so important for our country, really for the world.

It's beyond our country, I suspect. It's really for the world, so just keep it up. And you've hit new highs almost virtually every day for the last few months and that makes your job probably a little bit easy, easier. You're under very little stress, but someday you might have a little bit, but you're not going to have much.

I think we're really going to great heights. But I just want to thank everybody, political people and the teachers and the companies and all of our cabinet. I even see Newt. Do I see Newt? I see Newt. Look at him. He's such a handsome man. He's a healthy man. We don't have to do any tests on him. But good to see you Newt.

But I just want to thank everybody. This is a very big undertaking and it's a very serious undertaking. It's going to make a lot of people lead a much better life. Thank you all very much for coming. Appreciate it. Thank you.