Well, thank you very much. Please sit down. We'll enjoy this. We're going to be here for a little while with great champions today. We're thrilled to welcome the -- and this is really something special group because I watch those games and I was a little bit worried after I watched the three up, well, this is over because Vinnie's a friend of mine.

And then they lost three, and I said, oh, this is going to be a tough loss. I don't know. That would have been bad, but the real champions can pull it out. But the 2024 Stanley Cup champions, the Florida Panthers and it was a tremendous championship and watched by all. And the entire team, congratulations on your first ever Stanley Cup win.

And you had a couple of really close calls and I watched the team get better and better and better, and then they won. In particular, I want to congratulate your team owner, Vinnie Viola, my friend, his sons, John Michael and Michael Thomas. Where are your sons? Where are they?

Where are they?

Nice job. And Head Coach Paul Maurice, really fantastic. Good job. . That's a hell of a ring. That's a nice ring. That's a good coach too. General Manager Bill Zito, Bill? . And President and CEO Matthew Caldwell. We're also pleased to be joined by NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman. Where is Gary?

Come here, Gary. You've done a great job. I knew him a long while, right, when he was in another league, but this has been incredible, the job you've done. Thank you very much. Senators Rick Scott and Ashley Moody. Rick, Rick, Ashley. Congratulations to Ashley. And Representatives Byron Donalds; Byron, thank you very much.

Gus Bilirakis; thank you very much, Gus. Michael Haridopolos; Michael. Good job, Michael. Anna Paulina Luna. Hi, sweetheart, how are you? Congratulations. Jared Moskowitz. Jared, very good. And Maria Salazar, thank you. Maria, thank you very much. And we have a couple of others. I'm going to get myself in big trouble because I don't know where you are.

I know you're here someplace, but we got to get on to ice hockey. The Panthers 2023 and 2024 season was one for the history books. It was really an exciting one. Everybody was watching it. You secured the Atlantic Division title for the third time and after coming up just short of the Stanley Cup the year prior, you gave the fans one of the most riveting comebacks in NHL history, in any sport history.

I don't know anything about a comeback, but they tell me it's very exciting. I never viewed mine as a comeback. I never said -- this was not a comeback. Team Captain Alexander Sasha Barkov was crowned the league's best defensive forward after winning his second Selke Trophy and that was a great honor. It's a big deal to do that.

Where is he? Where is he? Come here, come here. You are fantastic. Thank you. Thought we lost him. And when facing off against your cross-state rivals, the Tampa Bay Lightning Matthew Tkachuk's firepower was unmatched, contributing two goals and two assists and he led the way to a glorious 92 victory, 92 victory. 92 victory in one game?

How many times have people done that? That was -- how the hell did they take you -- 92 victory and then you go to seven games, how did that happen? You were surprised to, huh? Setting a franchise record with the Panthers' 11th consecutive win on the road. And then Anton Lundell also had a memorable season, racking up 35 points while with 13 goals and 22 assists he won 55 percent of his face offs, setting an all-time career high while just 22 years old.

And congratulations to Anton. Where is he? He's a good-looking, young guy. That's great, Anton. Don't worry, you'll get beat up in life a little bit. Your team's many successes were the result of incredible performances across the board. And I'm sure you agree that your coach deserves a lot of credit. He's a great coach.

Nobody knows hockey like Paul. He's the league's second, all-time leader in games coached and holds the record for the most wins in Florida's Panthers' history.

And I will tell you, I looked at your current record, you're doing pretty well, right? You're nicely positioned.

You know the expression, is nicely positioned. I love all these ties. This is so cute. These people. Look at them, I walked in and said, I think they like Trump. I like them. And you aren't just great protectors of the net. You're also known as the biggest brawlers on ice. Wow. I was with a man named Wayne Gretzky the other day.

Do you know Wayne Gretzky? Did you ever hear of Wayne Gretzky, the great one? And he was telling me about a gentleman that protected him named Marty McSorley. Do you know that? You ever hear of him? I don't know if he was a good hockey player, but they say he was very tough. And Wayne was saying he was great, as far as he was concerned.

Tough cookies. All of the team's hard work led up to big showdowns last June, where you defeated the Edmonton Oilers in an unforgettable and it was seven game series. The Panthers, as I said, started strong with a three to nothing lead. It was over. It was over. In fact, I didn't watch it the next two games because I said this is not going to be too exciting, and then I said oh, this is not good.

Then I really said uh-oh, right? You went to a game seven, but the Oilers made impressive recoveries and really amazing, actually the way they played too, they even the score and forced a decisive game seven. The series was a battle from start to finish. It made it actually much more interesting. Goalie Sergei Bobrovsky, and he was incredible.

Oh, I got to see him. Where is he? . How good is he? You were -- I mean, Hall of Fame, even -- how old are you?

Boy, I'll tell you, you were unbelievable. What an amazing job you did. And there was a lot of pressure, and I mean it. That game seven, you guys had to be like, man, and you played great. That was great. Great job you did. On behalf of everybody that watched, thank you, Bob. It was nothing short of phenomenal during the finals and the first 40 minutes of game one, Bob made an astounding 25 saves.

Wow. He's the first goalie to get a shutout in game one of the Stanley Cup in 13 years and his 23 saves in game seven were absolutely crucial to securing a very, very tight victory. And Bob started his career as an undrafted free agent and is now a Stanley Cup champion and will go down as one of the great goal keepers in all time history.

It's really a big honor for you, especially what you were undrafted. So he made a good deal, in other words, huh? It's the best thing. You'd like to find more like that, huh? So what a great achievement, Bob, congratulations. But the title couldn't have been won if you didn't have a man named Carter Verhaeghe.

Carter Verhaeghe. Where is Carter? I could only pronounce that name because I heard it so many times during the series.

Nice, head of hair is right. I heard that name so much, Verhaeghe. A scoring champion and he's scoring and you're really -- the opening goal of that game was very important, wasn't it? That put you in a position where got you the butterflies out a little bit. Way to go. Congratulations. That's a great job, everybody.

Carter skillfully directed a shot past the Oilers goalie and gave the Panthers, your first lead in the series since game three. And not to forget Sam Reinhart who had a legendary shot in game seven. That certainly was a legendary shot, one that's not going to be forgotten. After securing the puck from Carter, Sam carried it down the ice and flicked a wrist shot, very much like I would do it if I played, right past the Oilers goalie, beating him and beat him on the glove side.

Where are you? How did you feel after that shot, like the greatest feeling or one of the greatest in life? You could say it.

So you had a long time left, it's true. It's true. You had a little bit to go. Sam cemented himself in Panthers history for shooting the team's first ever Stanley Cup winning goal. That was a winning goal. Both teams showed tremendous willpower and athletic talent, unbelievable talent, but in the end the Panthers stood the ground and did what you have to do as a champion.

You can't be a champion unless you can go through something like that. And I can tell you, it was hell for them, that seventh game. Going to the seventh game had to be hell because you're either going to win and really be praised because you came from such a horrible position, to being life-threatening, right?

I mean, that would have been just unbelievable. We've seen them. We've seen it happen, happens a lot actually, but you didn't let it happen to you. It's an incredible achievement. And I just want to tell you, you fought for every last point and it was just something I watched. Mr. Commissioner, I was watching that sucker for maybe the wrong reasons because of that guy?

And I was hooked too, because you fell in love with that team, the guts and the courage they had. You really started to really like them. They're great people. And now I see them. And in fact, I like them so much, I said we'll get rid of the fake news media very soon and we're going to go to the Oval Office and we're going to take some pictures in the Oval Office.

Normally we don't do that.

But we're going to do it for this team, and for you. And we'll take -- unless you don't want to go. You can go home a little bit early. So today, we honor the three and these just really great athletes. These are amazing athletes, an amazing team and their outstanding achievements, their wonderful owner.

From underdogs to champions, they proved the dedication and hard work can transform dreams into reality. So congratulations once again to the Florida Panthers on just an unbelievable season and a really an unbelievable run because you've been doing so well and now you continue to do well. We'll try and get to one of those games.

It's a little tough as president, but I think we can work it out. We'll need a lot of Secret Service. They'll be happy. Well, we're going to get to do it. You've made your state and your fans very, very proud and now I'd like to introduce my friend Vinnie Viola, who's a real champion himself. He's a champion at everything he's ever done, loves the military.

First thing he did, I see him, he said, you got to do this with the Army. You got to move him here. You got to move him -- he's given me all the instructions. You love the military. I would have liked him -- we should have had you in Afghanistan instead of the characters we had, would have turned out a little bit different, huh?

Come here. Congratulations. Congratulations. Great, Vinnie.

Thank you.

He knows what to say.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Yeah. I do.

That's pretty good. Well, I thank you very much.

Your father was great. Is he still around?

Say hello. He was great.

Thank you very much.

That's true. That's true. Thank you.

Wow. This is a trick. This hits really --