Thank you very much for being here. We're going to talk just briefly about the wildfires that have sort of taken over our country because of bad management. And we'll be doing a briefing and talking about preparations for the upcoming hurricane and wildfire season. I don't think any administration has ever done this.

We did it to a certain extent for four years, but we're doing it much more so now. And we can save a lot of uh, a lot of lives, but a lot of costs, a lot of damage, a lot of everything. And with me, as you know, uh, Marco is doing something very, very important right now. So I'll take a pass on Marco Rubio, but he's with us in spirit.

Uh, Kristi Noem, Doug Burgum, Brooke Rollins and a couple of other very well-known people are standing behind me. They're going to say a few words as to what they're doing with respect to response on wildfires and stopping wildfires due to proper management, proper forest management. And I just want to thank you all for being here.

And maybe Brooke, I'll ask you to start.

Thank you so much. Please, Doug?

Thank you very much, Doug. He's done a great job. They all are. Russell Vought?

Great job. Thanks, Russell. Tulsi?

Ray Liu.

Thank you very much, everybody.

So we want to wean off of FEMA. And we want to bring it down to the state level. A little bit like education. We're moving it back to the states, so the governors can handle it. That's why they're governors. Now, if they can't handle it, they shouldn't be governor. But these governors can handle it. And they'll work in conjunction with other governors.

They'll give each other a hand. But the FEMA thing has not been a very successful experiment. Very, very expensive and it doesn't get the job done. You saw what happened in North Carolina under the past administration. And when we got in, we did a great job for North Carolina, brought it back. But it was a disaster with FEMA. And it has not worked out well.

It's extremely expensive. And again, when you have a tornado or a hurricane or you have a problem of any kind, in a state, that's what you have governors for. They're supposed to fix those problems. And it's much more local. And they'll develop a system. And I think it will be a great system. And also when it comes to forest fires.

So for years, I've been meeting with heads of other countries. And they are forest countries. They call themselves Forest Austria and others. And they say we're a forest nation. We live in a forest. And they don't have forest fires. And in one case, he said, you know, our trees are much more flammable than California, but we don't have forest fires because we cleaned the floor.

We sweep the floor of leaves, of dead debris, of trees that fall. Because after 18 months a tree is like real -- it's like tinder wood and it goes up, it virtually explodes. But we don't take the trees out. California is a disaster, what they've done in California. They don't do anything. And if you did, you wouldn't -- you almost would not have forest fires.

And you could say you, in theory, you shouldn't have any forest fires. And we spend billions and billions of dollars a year because people don't clean the forests. And we're going to clean the forest. We're going to start cleaning them. We're going to get rid of dead wood. The environmentalists say, oh no, let it regenerate.

It doesn't regenerate. It just sits there. And it usually catches fire. And we're going to have a whole new system. And it's called forest management. And if you look at some of these countries in Europe and other places that literally live in forests, very flammable forests and they don't have problems.

And they -- they call me. They don't even know how it's possible that we can have the fires that we have. And the people behind me know that very well. And we're going to start working on that system. And we're going to save a lot of trees. We're also going to cut down trees and replant new trees. And that whole industry is going to be growing because we don't need the help of anybody.

We have just about more or as much but more than almost anybody else in terms of lumber and wood. So we're going to be doing some great work having to do with forest fires. It's going to start effective -- really it started a few months ago. And it's -- it's forest management. And Doug, I think you're really the head of that.

Interior is. I guess you're the largest landlord perhaps anywhere in the world. I understand that's a very good -- that's a nice position. Uh, you may want to just give a few words on the cleaning of the floor of the forests.

And we have some of the best timber anywhere in the world and we don't use it. We freed it up. Lee Zeldin has done an incredible job in that regard from environmental restrictions that are ridiculous. And a lot of it's been freed up. The rest of it's being freed up. And some areas, we'll protect, continue to protect, but we're going to be freeing up most of it. And again, we have some of the best in the world.

And when I hear you say that we lost more in fires than we produce is so crazy. Because we shouldn't lose very much at all. I mean, I could say we shouldn't lose any if it was perfect, but it should not be ever like what we've seen. We're sending billions of dollars to California all the time because obviously in California they are not doing a good job in any way, shape or form or on any other thing either.

So with that, I'm heading to Fort Bragg right now. I think the helicopter is landing as we speak. But if you want, we'll take a few questions.

If there's an insurrection, I would certainly invoke it. We'll see. But I can tell you. Last -- last night was terrible. The night before that was terrible. We have, as you've seen, it was on most of your networks, people with big heavy hammers pounding the concrete and pounding curbs, pounding and breaking up all -- and handing these big chunks of concrete to people.

And they were taking that concrete, going up in bridges and dropping it into the roof of a car. They were throwing it at our police. They were throwing it at our soldiers that are there. And we got it stopped. And we have them in custody right now. Look, if we didn't get involved, right now, Los Angeles would be burning just like it was burning a number of months ago with all the houses that were lost.

Los Angeles, right now, would be on fire. And we have it in great shape.

I'm not playing around.

Well, you take a look at what's happening.

I mean, I could tell you there were certain areas of that -- of Los Angeles last night, you could have called it an insurrection. It was terrible. But these are paid insurrectionists. These are paid troublemakers. They get money. And when you take a look at what they do. When they show up and everyone's saying what's he doing?

He's pounding the curbs. This one guy's pounding the curb, breaking the curb and handing big pieces of granite. In some cases, it's granite, granite and concrete to other people. And they're running out with it. And then we watch the other people. And they try and throw it into the face of the soldiers. Throw it into the face of the police.

And they hurt some people very badly. They go up on bridges, they drop it down on the cars as the cars are moving. They're not breaking the curb because they -- they're doing a demolition service. They're breaking it to handout to people as a weapon. That's a bad -- it's bad stuff. I've never seen that before.

Yeah, well, it's not going to be so much the states. We're going to give out less money. We're going to give it out directly. It'll be from the President's Office. We'll have somebody here. Uh, it could be Homeland Security, but we're going to give it out through a method where it's given out. As an example, I just gave out $71 million to a certain state.

They were looking to do about $120 million. They were very happy with the $71 million. We did a little cutting. And they -- they were very happy with it. So we're going to do it much differently. We think after this -- Tulsi, I'd say after the hurricane season we'll start phasing that out.

If a certain state, as an example, gets hit by a hurricane or tornado, that's what a governor, you know, a governor should be able to handle it. And frankly, if they can handle it, the aftermath, then maybe they shouldn't be governor.

Um, a day ago. I called him up to tell him, you've got to do a better job. He's done a bad job, causing a lot of death and a lot of -- a lot of potential death. If we didn't send out the National Guard, and last night we gave him a little additional help, uh, you would have -- Los Angeles would be burning right now.

Los Angeles would be not a lot different than what you saw take place in California and Los Angeles just a little while ago. And you know, you got to remember we have the Olympics coming. And we don't want people looking at Los Angeles like it was -- like it would have been. It would have been bad. Last night, they had total control.

If we didn't have the military in there, the National Guard and then we also sent in some Marines. We had some bad people. We had people that look in your face and they spit right in your face. They're animals. And these are paid insurrectionists. These are paid troublemakers. They're agitators. They're paid.

Do you think somebody walks up to a curb and starts hammering pieces out, has all the equipment necessary and starts handing it out to people to use as a weapon? He's a paid insurrectionist or agitators or troublemakers. You can call it whatever you want. And we ended it. And we have in custody some very bad people, some very bad people.

Did you see the guy throwing the rocks at the police cars as they went by and crushing their windows and endangering our police? We're not going to let that happen. Yeah?

All I want is safety. I just want a safe area. We have -- Los Angeles was under siege until we got there. The police were unable to handle it. You could speak to the chief. He said it on television three nights ago. He said this is -- this is more than we can handle. They said that. And the LA police, I know a lot of the police in LA. They're good -- they're great people.

But they're given instructions not to do this, not to do that. But in this case, they were trying their best. They were not able to handle it. It was out of control. When we got there, and I -- you have to remember, I've been here before. And I went right by every rule. And I waited for governors to say send in the National Guard.

They wouldn't do it. They wouldn't do it. And they just wouldn't do it. It kept going on and on. It got worse and worse. And in Minneapolis, that city was burning down seven days. And I said, I don't care. The governor who's a governor that just happened to be running for vice president, a total -- you talk about an incompetent governor.

He's an incompetent person. That he was picked -- well, I was actually very happy he was picked for other reasons. But this guy wouldn't call the National Guard. And we ultimately just sent in the National Guard. We stopped it. But that was after seven days. And I said to myself, if that stuff happens again, we've got to make faster decisions.

Because they don't want to do it. The radical left, it's usually radical left and it's usually governors that are Democrat. And they don't want to call them in. They don't want to save lives. They don't want to save property. They don't want to call them in. I don't know what it is. We sent them in, not early, we sent them in late as far as I'm concerned.

But big problems. As you know, three nights ago, big problems were ensuing. If we didn't send in the National Guard quickly right now, Los Angeles would be burning to the ground.

No. When I see people throwing concrete into cars, when I see people -- the kind of people that I saw on your network doing danger to the police and to the military and to the National Guard, no, it's OK. You know, you start running out of people when you have 2000 people from this -- a National Guard standpoint.

We have a very big military. But the National Guard, they needed a little extra help. And we sent them a little. And we did a great job last night. We had -- well, you have a lot of cars go up in smoke and flame. And you had a lot of bad scenes. But it was -- it was pretty minor by comparison. This morning, it's very calm.

We'll see what happens later. But they know if they go there, they're not going to get anywhere because we have the National Guard there. We backed it up with a number of Marines. Yeah?

Having to do with what?

I -- I have to take a look at it. I'm going to have to look at it.

Until there's no danger. Whether -- It's easy. Look, it's common sense. You ask me that question when there's no danger they'll leave. You would have had a horrible situation had I not sent them in. Horrible. You'd be reporting on a lot of deaths and a lot of destruction that's not going to take place. I think if you look every night, it got less and less.

They were met with very strong force, the bad people, the bad sick people that do what they do. But these are paid people, in many cases. Not in all cases, but in many cases. And they really are -- they're agitators.

Said what?

What she say?

Oh, I do, too.

What, you think I don't condemn it?  I condemn the violence in LA, ladies and gentlemen, but I also stopped the violence in LA. And by doing what I did, I stopped the violence in LA. That would have been, I think -- maybe I'd asked Kristi to speak to that. That would have been an unbelievable tragedy.

We would be talking -- I don't know that we would even be here right now. It would have been so bad, I'd probably maybe be out there. I don't know. But Tulsi, could you speak to that a little bit?

The governors a nice guy, but he's grossly incompetent.

When it comes to his railroad that he's building where it's like 30 times over budget. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Now it doesn't even go to San Francisco and LA. It's way short of it. After years of work and overruns like nobody's -- those contractors are some of the wealthiest people in the world.

I guarantee you that. Because that money goes to those contractors. They just -- they just did a number on the wallet of the people of California. That train, you should look at that train. That is the greatest -- I've never seen cost overruns. I've seen cost overruns and great incompetence over my life.

I've never seen anything like that.

Yeah.

Yeah, as you know, we're moving murderers out of our country that were put here by Biden or the Autopen. The Autopen really did it. I mean, the people, whether it's Lisa Monaco or whoever operated the Autopen, these are criminals. The people are criminals that allowed these criminals into our country. And I don't think that Biden knew what the hell he was doing.

I don't think he even knew about it. But when they opened up our borders for the whole world to come in, yeah, we're going to get them out. We're getting them out. We're starting to get acknowledgment from the courts that, you know, there's a system. They come in without courts and they go out, but they want trials and everything else.

I think that's starting to work out now. Judges are starting to see what a terrible situation it is. Many of those people that you saw on television last night are criminals that were allowed into our country by Biden. And they want to stay. And we don't want them. And they come from jails. And they come from mental institutions.

And they come from all over the world, not just South America. And we're not going to let them stay. And this is the first perhaps of many or perhaps -- uh, you know, if we didn't attack this one very strongly, you'd have them all over the country. But I can inform the rest of the country that when they do it, if they do it, they're going to be met with equal or greater force than we met right here.

We did a great job. The people, you, Kristi and Tom Homan and all of the people, Pete Hegseth, all of the people involved did an amazing job. We stopped a disaster. And it looks like a planned disaster, not just -- this didn't just happen. They had weapons. They had tools. They had everything you needed.

I mean, they were throwing iced water in bottles, in glass bottles at officers and at soldiers. These are -- you could not use the word insurrection, but you could also use the word. These are very dangerous people. They're bad people. They were met with heavy force, and they folded. And they may be there a little bit tonight.

They may be there a little bit. But it seems to be getting less and less. Because they're going there, and they're met with a very heavy force. And if they weren't, you would have that city right now would be on fire. It would be burning down. The rest of it what's left over. Because the other fire was started because they wouldn't allow water into LA. They wouldn't allow water into California because they had it all shifted out to the Pacific Ocean.

And I turned around. And uh, I told them to do it in my first term. And they didn't do it. And we had COVID, and they didn't do it. And I told them to do it. We did it in the second. And now we have billions of gallons of water flowing down. But Newsom should have done this. He's an incompetent man, an incompetent governor.

OK, any other questions?

I just think it's amazing. We're going to have a fantastic June 14th Parade on Flag Day. It's going to be an amazing day. We have tanks. We have planes. We have all sorts of things. And I think it's going to be great. We're going to celebrate our country for a change. You know, recently, as you know, with World War II, the victory of World War II, I called up France.

And they were celebrating the victory. But we helped them a lot, as you know. I don't have to get into that. But I called up other countries. They were all celebrating the victory. We're the only country that didn't celebrate the victory. And we're the one that won the war. OK, if it wasn't for us that war -- you would be speaking German right now, OK? We won the war.

And you might be speaking Japanese, too. I mean, you might be speaking a combination of both. We won the war and we're the only country that didn't celebrate it. And we're going to be celebrating big on Saturday. We're going to have a lot. And if there's any protesters that wants to come out, they will be met with very big force.

By the way, for those people that want to protest, they're going to be met with very big force. And I haven't even heard about a protest, but you know, this is people that hate our country. But they will be met with very heavy force. Thank you very much everybody.