Well, thank you very much. We have a very big announcement today. It has to do with nuclear energy and other things, and this is all nuclear. It's a hot industry. It's a brilliant industry. You have to do it right. It's become very safe and environmental, yes, 100 percent. So I'm going to ask Doug Burgum to talk about it a little bit to start and maybe, Will, you'll follow him up.

And we're going to have Pete Hegseth speak from a military standpoint, but this is very all-inclusive. We're signing tremendous executive orders today that really will make us the real power in this industry, which is a big industry. Doug, why don't you go ahead?

And we're also talking about the big plants, the very, very big, the biggest. We're going to be doing them also. But we're going to start off a little bit, I think our focus today is the smaller module, but included in this group, we're also doing big plans where needed. They won't be needed too much, but they'll literally be able to do it in an entire state.

And you've read a lot about cost overruns in a couple of states that were pretty significant, but we're not going to have cost overruns and the technology has come a long way, both in safety and cost and everything else. Would a couple of you guys like to talk about your companies and you want to say anything?

That's very impressive. I didn't know that when we talked. You were so modest. I can't believe it.

I'm very impressed. Go ahead. So you think it's got a great future

Are we doing something about the regulatory in here?

It's going to be a big factor.

But you'd say it's very -- we've contemplated just about everything, right?

That's good. I'm glad to address it.

You want to say something, go ahead?

Appreciate it. Great job you've done too. How about talking about your company and the job you're going to do?

Very exciting indeed. Go ahead, please.

Will you be doing the AI plants? Because we have a lot of them going up now and -- or soon going up and they need tremendous electricity. Are you going to be involved in any of these plants?

Will a lot of them be using nuclear? Some are using oil and gas, some are using different things, but --

It just makes a lot of sense.

Good luck.

That'll be great. OK, Will, please.

I'm just thinking as you say that, I just signed -- what about auto pens? Could I use an auto pen? What did Biden do? Did he have an auto pen at the desk? No, he didn't do events  He used nuclear power. You know, he didn't do events like this, I guess, it's all right. Otherwise, you know, you walk it to the other side of the room, have an auto pen sign it, right?

Here it is -- it's phase one, very big phase, very important phase.

It's fantastic. It's exciting, right. There you go.

It's amazing. That's exciting. OK, come on.

Great. Thank you.

He did a very good job, didn't he? How many people here could have done that? I don't know. I think a lot. Thanks, good job, Will.

Is that it?

Do we have any questions for these brilliant people? They are brilliant people, actually.

Yeah, we are. It's become a very safe -- actually it's become very safe and tremendous work has been done on that more than anything else and it's really -- the automatic shut offs, there's so many different things that they have now that they would have never had. My uncle was a great nuclear person years ago and that was a different -- if you would have asked that question, probably it would have been a much different answer.

But they have tremendous shut off power and other powers that -- and very redundant, as I understand it, at a level that nobody's ever seen before, so it's safe. And we're going to do a lot of the small ones and we're going to do some of the big ones, but yeah, very safe, safe and clean. Let's keep it on this for a little while.

Let's keep it on the nuclear and then if you want to ask something else, which you might, we'll do that.

Yeah, please.

Yeah, we're going to get it very fast and we're going to get it very safe and we're going to get the people in and out and they're going to do plants. In many cases, they'll do three or four smaller ones and put them together. That's what France has done. France has done a good job of this for years and they, as I understand it, they had basically one plant, and if they needed more, they'd do three or four or five of them.

I don't know we have to go that far, but there's something about building one big one, but we'll build the bigger ones too. We're going to have -- I think we'll be -- I would say we'll be second to none because we're starting very strong, but it's time. It's time for nuclear and we're going to do it very big.

Yeah, please.

moving. I've been saying to everybody, they've treated us very badly over the years. It was formed in order to hurt the United States, in order to take advantage of the United States and they've done that. We have a big deficit with them. They sell millions and millions of cars, as you know, Mercedes and BMW and Volkswagen and many others.

And we were restricted from Ð essentially, restricted from selling cars into the European Union, which is not nice. And I just said, it's time that we play the game the way I know how to play the game. They've taken advantage of other people representing this country and they're not going to do that any longer.

Yeah?

Well, I think this is -- no, there is no tariff because what they'll do is they'll send their companies into the US and build their plant. You know, we have, I guess, over $ 12 trillion practically committed. You look at other presidents, they haven't had $1 trillion for a year, for two years, for three years.

We have numbers -- nobody's ever seen numbers like we have and if they build their plant here, then they have no tariff at all.

I'm not looking for a deal. I mean, we've set the deal, it's at 50 percent. But again, there is no tariff if they build their plant here. Now, if somebody comes in and wants to build a plant here, I can talk to them about a little bit of a delay while they're building their plant, which is something I think that would be appropriate, maybe.

We'll determine that.

I don't know. We're going to see what happens, but right now it's going on in June 1st and that's the way it is. No, they haven't treated us properly. They haven't treated our country properly. They banded together to take advantage of us, and the people behind me know because they had some of that with their industry.

But generally, we signed a great deal with United Kingdom. We have numerous other deals that are ready to be signed. We've signed a deal with China. We have some really amazing deals. But the European Union, I mean the sole purpose was really to, not to hurt us, but to take advantage of us and we're not going to be taken advantage.

Right.

It would be more. It would be also Samsung and anybody that makes that product? Otherwise, it wouldn't be fair. So anybody that makes that product and that will start on, I guess, the end of June it'll come out. I think we have that appropriately done by the end of June. So if they make that product. Now, again, when they build their plant here, there's no tariff, so they're going to be building plants here.

But I had an understanding with Tim that he wouldn't be doing this. He said he's going to India to build plants. I said, that's OK to go to India, but you're not going to sell into here without tariffs. And that's the way it is. Yeah.

Oh, they can. They can. A lot of it's so computerized now. These plants are amazing if you look at them, but they can do that. And actually, as you know, Apple's coming in with $500 billion, so are the chip companies. We have all of the chip companies coming in, the biggest, $500 billion, $200 billion, $250 billion, they're spending.

But we're talking about the iPhone now and the iPhone, if they're going to sell it in America, I want it to be built in the United States. They're able to do that.

No, no. Sometimes the country will eat it, sometimes Walmart will eat it and sometimes there will be something to pay, something extra. I've always been a fan and I've always believed, and if you look -- take a look at what I did four years ago. We had the greatest economy and we had no inflation. Remember that?

We had no inflation and yet we had hundreds of billions of dollars of tariffs that I put on China. Yet we had no inflation, we had no big cost differential. Oftentimes and I don't like it when a department store -- because they'll do a lot of business. But they announce record profits and everything else.

They have to take out some of their profits and make a little bit less money, but I don't want the consumer to pay.

They're not hurting, they're helping because they're creating jobs in America. We're creating tremendous amounts of jobs in America like you've never seen. We're having investment in America. We're not getting ripped off by every country in the world. We've been ripped off by every country in the world. They're making their product, they sell it, they don't give our people the jobs.

They make them with other countries' jobs and we will have something that nobody will ever see again, I think. I think we have a potential to do numbers that we never envisioned in the wildest -- Look at what's happening $10 trillion to $12 trillion in literally a couple of months. Nothing like that's ever happened.

It's a very special -- we're doing a very special thing. We want, if they're going to sell it here, generally speaking -- not for all products. There's some products we don't want to make, frankly. We're much better off getting them elsewhere. But for certain products, cars, we want to make cars. We don't want to have -- and I like Canada very much, but we don't want to have Canada making our cars.

We want to make our cars. Oh, it's a phone call. Do you mind? Hello? OK. It's only a Congressman.

I'd let you know, actually. Yeah --

It's a different Congressmen. They're all congratulating us.

Yeah. It's lucky it is. OK. Let's go.

Well, we're taking a look at a lot of things and as you know, billions of dollars has been paid to Harvard. How ridiculous is that, billions? And they have $52 billion as an endowment. They have $52 billion and this country is paying billions and billions of dollars and then give student loans and they have to pay back the loans.

So Harvard's going to have to change its ways, and so are some others.

I'm fine with that. No, I'm fine with it. No, we want to do that. We're actually going to be doing something in the near future that's going to make it possible for people to come into this country and come in and have a road toward citizenship. And I think it will be very exciting, but it's too soon to speak.

I do, I do, but a lot of the people need remedial math. Did you see that, where the students can't add two and two and they go to Harvard? They want remedial math and they're going to teach remedial math at Harvard. No, wait a minute. So why would they get in? How can somebody that can't add or has very basic skills, how do they get into Harvard?

Why are they there? And then you see those same people picketing and screaming at the United States and screaming at -- they're anti-Semitic or they're something. We don't want troublemakers here. But how do people that can't -- when Harvard comes out with a statement that they're going to teach some of their students  remedial math, that's basic math, that's not the deal, OK? Any more?

In the back.

We do, but we have a lot of requests, and you don't have the people to handle it, frankly. Everybody wants to make a deal. I'm sure now the European Union wants to make a deal very badly, but they just -- they don't do it right. They don't go about it, right. The other thing they do is they sue our companies all the time.

They have suits where their judges -- I don't know if they're appointed by them, but they're definitely Europe centric and we're not going to stand for it. They won a $17 billion lawsuit for Apple, and I read that case and that's not a case that should have been won. They're suing other of our companies.

They use this as a weapon, but they use it really to raise funds for what they do. It's almost like a fund-raising mechanism. So, we add that to the fact that they do the non-monetary tariffs and lots of other trading. You would call them trading barriers. They don't take our cars; they don't take our agriculture; they don't take anything, but we take their cars by the millions.

And therefore, they have the jobs, they get the money, and we get closed plants. Not going to happen that way anymore. Thank you very much, everybody.