Hello, thank you very much. Are you all set? Are you all ready? Nice group, big group, but I want to thank you all for being here as we prepare to celebrate Labor Day when we honor the incredible hard-working men and women of our country, which is doing very well, I have to tell you. Every policy of the Trump administration is designed to lift up the American worker, promote great paying blue-collar jobs and to rebuild the industrial bedrock of our nation.

It's also obviously for great defense; we have the greatest military in the world. We rebuilt it largely in my first term. Some of it was stupidly given away to Afghanistan -- for what reason, nobody can figure that one. But it was still a relatively small amount of what -- if you compare. The concept of what they did, however, is just incredible.

But the country is doing well. We're respected all over the world like never before probably. We went to NATO, as you know, and they went from 2 percent to 5 percent of GDP. Nobody expected that. And the difference is they didn't pay the 2 and they paid the 5, so. And as you know, we are selling a tremendous amount of equipment to NATO. We're not spending any money, we're making money, but I don't want to talk about making -- I want to talk about we're no longer involved with funding Ukraine, but we are involved with trying to stop the war and the killing in Ukraine.

So, we're selling missiles and military equipment, millions and millions and ultimately billions of dollars to the NATO people where I'm very friendly and we have a great relationship. But that was an amazing trip. So, they're funding the entire war. We're not funding anything. I think it's an important point to make because a lot of people don't understand that.

And we will continue to do that. And we're trying to get as much as we can for them. They want the American product. The American military product is by far the best in the world and that's what they want to get. They have lots of options, but that's what they want to get. So, we're -- the factories are doubling up and tripling up where they make the Patriots and other really you could say defense and offensive weapons.

The wages for blue-collar workers are now rising at the fastest rate in 60 years, which is so important to all of us around this table. The average American worker has already seen a $500 wage increase this year and there's no inflation because there's been decreases, tremendous decreases with -- thanks to Doug and Chris and some of the people, the great job they've done with energy.

Thank you very much, and Chris, thank you very much. I see you're down close to $60 a barrel and you'll be breaking that pretty soon and that has a huge impact. So, we have groceries are down, energy is way down -- energy is way down, it was $4 and $5 for a gallon of gas. Think of that for gasoline, and now it's probably $2.25. There are some places it's $2. It's even -- it broke $2 in a couple of locations in the South.

In places like California, where they charge such high taxes, it's higher, but it's still much lower than what it was a year ago. So energy is way down, groceries are way down, eggs are way down.

Thank you very much, Madam Secretary. You've done a great job, appreciate it. When we came in, the eggs were through the roof. They were four times higher than they've ever been. And my first question from you people, what are you going to do with eggs? I said, what's the problem with eggs? That was caused by Biden, or whoever was operating the autopen actually caused it, I guess, because I don't think he knew too much about eggs.

Factories are booming compared to before I took office, domestic auto production is going to be -- it's going to be so thrilling in two years when you see the numbers, because they're building plants all over the country. They're all coming in because of tariffs. They don't want to build -- they don't want to pay the tariffs.

And if they build their plant here, they don't pay the tariffs and they're pouring into our country. And you know about AI and you know about other, but the auto plants, you know, that's the good old-fashioned stuff that I love. The auto plants are pouring into the United States of America. They're coming from Mexico.

They're coming from Canada and they're coming from Europe, all over Europe and it's been pretty amazing. So factories are booming and when they actually open -- you know, right now they're booming in terms of construction. This is something given to me by Mark Zuckerberg and you'll see, this is AI now. These are -- I never understood.

I said, well, you know, because I built shopping centers and for $50 million you can build a very nice shopping center. So I never understood when they said $50 billion for a plant. I said, they'll kind of a plant is that, but when you look at this, you understand why it's $50 billion. So this is when he's building in Louisiana, that's Meta, Facebook as people understand it to be. But look at that.

That's the size of Manhattan. So that's superimposed over the island of Manhattan, it takes up a big part of Manhattan. I think they say 81 percent of Manhattan. So these are big things and they're going up. A lot of them are going up now. I don't know that big. Actually, Mark is building four of them and others are building similar places.

And when these things open up, I'll tell you what, our country -- We're leading China now in AI, substantially leading China. And the reason is because we're letting them build their own electrical facilities. We would need double the energy that we -- if you take all of the electricity that we produce right now in this country, you'd have to multiply it times two or maybe three, three times.

So three times more than we have right now for everything, to operate your toaster and everything else, OK, three times more. And the way we are able to succeed, because China goes out and builds these massive plants. They're right now building 58 coal, in this case, almost all coal fired plants and coal is back with this country too by the way.

You know, there's a reason they use it, because it's good. It works for them and we call it clean coal. We don't call it coal. We call it clean, even very clean coal. But we have coal going up. We have nuclear going up. Nuclear is very much in vogue now. It's safe and inexpensive and great. We don't allow windmills.

We're not allowing any windmills to go up. I mean, unless there's a legal situation where somebody committed to it a long time ago, we don't allow windmills and we don't want the solar panels that I was speaking with the secretary about, because they take up, you know, thousands of acres of our farmland.

You see these big, ugly patches of black plastic that comes from China. And the solar is -- you know, I like solar in some ways, but for firing up your big plants, it doesn't work. It's very unstable, but it really takes up your farm. The farmers are saying -- you know, they're building these massive blotches in the middle of the fields all over the country.

It's so crazy. It's so crazy. So we're not heavy into that at all. And windmills, we're just not going to allow them. They ruin our -- they're ruining our country. They're ruining everyone -- if you look at -- I hate to mention countries, but you look at the UK, what's happened in the UK, they have -- energy costs have gone through the roof.

It's because of wind. They want to do everything -- close up the north -- the northern parts of the country. They have oil; it's tremendous and they closed it up and they've been -- I tell them, you're my friends, but man, you're going to have a bad awakening very soon. You're going to -- it's going to be very bad.

They're ugly, they don't work, they kill your birds, they're bad for the environment. And if you look at them from a house, your house is worth less than 50 percent. So I'm trying to have people learn about wind real fast and I think I've done a good job, but not good enough because some countries are still trying and they're destroying themselves.

Those are countries that are really destroying themselves. I hope they get back to fossil fuel. Because right now, Chris, whether we like it or not, fossil fuel is the thing that works and then you can add nuclear with it and other things. But fossil fuel is what works if we're going to fire up those big monster factories.

But the -- if you look at comparing everything before I took office, domestic auto production is up 18,000 cars a month. And we haven't even started yet because a lot of these plants aren't built. It's up 18,000 because Ford General Motors and a couple of others, Stellantis, they're taking their existing plants and they're -- as quickly as they can, they're adding on to them.

So when their plants open -- because they're building big, modern, beautiful auto plants. But think of that, we're up 18,000 cars a month and essentially, all they've done is try and utilize their space correctly as their big plants open up. It's going to be -- I hope they remember that it was this way. I hope this table gets a lot of the credit for what's happening, it gets all of the credit, because this would have never happened.

We were going out of business in every way. We were losing all the car plants were leaving this country. Now they're all coming back in and they are coming from Canada and they are coming from Mexico, but they're coming from Germany. They're coming from all over the world. Domestic steel production is up by 100,000 tons of steels a week -- steel a week.

We are -- we have a 50 percent tariff on steel, aluminum and various other things. Copper just got brought into the picture. And that means people are going to want to make steel here. We just made a deal with US Steel, as you know. We have an outside company come in and spend $17 billion on building new plants, new everything.

It's great and it stays right here in America. So we're doing amazingly well on steel. And domestic oil production is up by more than 300,000 barrels a day. That's a lot of barrels and you're going to be talking about that in a second, I think, Chris and Doug. These two people have done a fantastic job and we have the oil price down to about $62 a barrel.

So just so you understand because a lot of you like to talk about costs and prices, but I watch so much fake information, product costs are down, energy is way down, energy brings things down. You know, with energy, that's what happened with Biden. He stopped our program and then he went back to it when he realized that it looked like you were going to be paying numbers that nobody's ever seen like $7 a gallon -- you're going to pay $7 a gallon.

They were up to $7, $7.50, so then he immediately went back to the Trump plan that they terminated. But it was too late for them. It was too late. They blew it. They had a great thing going. I gave them something great and they blew it. Since the inauguration, we've created over half a million new private jobs.

And if you notice when the numbers come out, government jobs are going down and private jobs are coming up, and that's what really fuels the country. It's easy to hire people and pay them for doing something that maybe is not very productive. But government jobs are down, actually substantially down, and private jobs are way up. And these are the jobs that make money and create a better life.

Meanwhile, we've reduced the number of federal bureaucrats by 84,000, So we got rid of 84,000. And I think the job numbers -- you're going to see the new job numbers are going to be through the roof because of all of the different businesses that are moving into our country. And not just production businesses, autos and AI, but any business you can think of. In the world of furniture as an example, North Carolina, I went there many times when I built a lot of hotels and things.

And I'd go to North Carolina, I'd buy the greatest -- they were the greatest, most talented people. And then China came along and took all of those jobs away. If they would have tariffed them, China wouldn't have taken any of the jobs. But we had presidents that honestly, and I like some of them, but they didn't know what the hell they were doing from a business standpoint, from running the country.

In North Carolina, the most talented woodworkers that you've ever seen. I could -- I'd be there and I'd watch them. I'd say, I'd like to have a rail on that chair, maybe can you fancy it up a little bit? How about this, sir? And they'd hand me a thing. It was like they were artists. They were unbelievable.

And that business was stolen from us by others, not only China but by others. All of a sudden, you're ordering your furniture from China. It was not even close to being as good, but they couldn't compete with it. If we would have said it costs 100 percent or 200 percent tariff, you wouldn't have lost one job.

It's so sad. But we're going to rebuild North Carolina furniture and other places, South Carolina too, to a lesser extent they make furniture. But furniture, we're going to put a very substantial tariff on. We've already announced it. It will be done pretty quickly. And when that happens, everyone's going to start.

I'll just tell you, North Carolina go out and start getting the grandchildren and the children -- start teaching them, because some of those incredible artists that I knew as young people, they're older people now, but they still have the talent, and they have time left. But they're going to be teaching their sons and their daughters and their grandchildren and it's going to be a beautiful thing to see.

It's going to happen like magic. It's going to happen without question. It's not like, gee, I hope it happens. It's going to happen. The results of Ford that just announced it's going to create 4,000 new jobs, American jobs -- Hyundai, 14,000 jobs. General Motors is moving production of the Chevy Blazer and Equinox from Mexico back to the United States where it belongs.

Don't forget, we lost 55 percent of our auto production over the last 35 years, 55 percent. We were the auto capital of the world, like there was nobody even thinking about challenging us. We lost 55 percent of it to Mexico, Canada, China, a lot to China, and other countries and it's all coming back. We will be bigger -- a couple of years we'll be bigger than we ever were.

We'll be more dominant. We'll be bigger. We make great product too. We're starting to make really great product. We're going to be bigger than we ever were. We're going to be at the level that it was when we were the only one that really -- we sold to the world and we're going to be back selling to ourselves and other parts of the world.

It's not going to be the same, but it's going to be equally as important as it was in the heyday 30 years ago. But we lost more than 50 percent of the auto making capacity. In fact, the unions, the auto unions, as you know, the top guy didn't know me, didn't like me and now he likes me. He says, man, I can't believe what Trump has done.

But the auto workers voted for me, they understood better than anybody else. The auto workers -- the Teamsters voted for me. Teamsters are great, they all voted for me. Nobody -- no Republican has ever gotten the support of the Teamsters and the auto workers. And now the head of the auto workers, I mean, it's so amazing.

I watched them on television. They can't even believe what happened. And I told them all what was going to happen. We secured new market access for American agricultural exports all over the world. Our secretary is doing a great job. Thank you, Brooke. And we have negotiated historic trade deals with the United Kingdom, China, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines, Japan, South Korea, who was here yesterday, and the European Union.

Foreign nations are now paying hundreds of billions of dollars straight into our treasury and numbers that nobody's ever seen before. As you know, we made trade deals with a lot of countries and many of those countries, just to be able to sit at the table, are paying us hundreds of billions of dollars. We made a trade deal with the European Union.

They were rough on us for a long time, and now we have a very good deal. We made that with them. Trillions of dollars is coming into our country, trillions, far beyond billions, trillions of dollars. Wouldn't you say, Scott?

And in a short period of time. They have to buy $750 billion worth of our energy product. Energy is great. We have more than anybody else and we're using it. But the European Union is a done deal and Japan is done. I heard there was a problem with South Korea, but we met yesterday, and they're done. We didn't do anything.

We just kept the same deal. He honored the deal. They wanted to see if -- well, I don't even want to say it, but they wanted to see if they could do something. But they honored the deal, which is nice. And we cut the previous record-setting -- trade deficit I hear just came out, we cut it in half already.

We haven't even said -- we've only been here really for a few months because, you know, it takes you a little while to fix up the Oval Office and do those things -- prepare for the -- to prepare for the battle, right?  So, we've really only been here for a very short period of time, and we cut the trade deficit in half.

Is that right? That's so fantastic, I didn't think we -- I didn't even think we were going to do that. And remember, these are things that are being built. These things are -- you know, all these numbers, they're not open yet. When they open, you're going to see things happen in the United States that nobody's ever seen before, including our country in its heyday.

And I had the greatest economy in the history of our country my first four years, despite COVID, which was very unfortunate situation for the whole world. We did a great job with it; never got the credit for the job we did. Operation Warp Speed people say is one of the greatest achievements ever in politics or in the military because it was almost a military procedure.

But everybody, including Putin, said that Operation Warp Speed, what you did with that, nobody can believe it. And we did a great job, but it was still -- it was a horrible, horrible pall over our country. We had a very dark cloud over the world. That was a very, very bad thing that came out of Wuhan, which I said it came out of Wuhan.

That's where it came from. And China suffered greatly, but everybody did. But we did a good job with that, as good as you can possibly do. And we came back and now we're stronger than ever before. If I didn't win this election, this country was gone. I'm telling you, economically it was gone. None of the things that we're talking about would have happened.

And the whole world was robbing us blind, friend and foe. They were stealing our jobs, our money, our factories, they were stealing everything. We would have been a shell, we would have been a bankrupt broken shell and that's the way it is. But we're doing just the opposite, stronger than we've ever been.

Last month in a landmark achievement, I also proudly signed the largest working-class tax cuts in American history. So, the bill that -- I'm not going to use the term Great Big, Beautiful -- that was good for getting it approved, but it's not good for explaining to people what it's all about. It's a massive tax cut for the middle class.

It's a massive tax cut for jobs and it's -- I mean, think of it, no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security. So, seniors, I don't know how you can vote for anybody else, and you know, just think of that. And no tax on overtime. So, you work overtime, you don't have to pay tax on overtime. That's good. The Democrats don't know what they're going to do. So, they have like this sound bite -- you know, they have all these sound bites, they send it out.

I don't know, some guy sends out a word and everybody uses it, including the fake news. Some of you are here right now, I'm looking at you, and it's death, they use the word death. No, it's actually life. It's almost like a newborn life. It's not death. That's their soundbite. The bill is death. It's not.

We strengthened Social Security. We strengthened Medicare, Medicaid. The job we've done on Social Security is -- if the Democrats got in, Social Security is over because the country is going to fail, there won't be any Social Security. And I made that pledge to you. We're going to take care of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and we're doing that in spades because the country is becoming so successful again, and it hasn't been this successful.

I think in the end it will never have been this successful. I don't think it will even be close with what's happening. Every American is seeing a tax cut as a result of the bill. The average police officer will keep an extra $1,000 a year at least in overtime, and the average waiter or waitress will keep nearly $2,000 extra in the fact that they would have had to pay that kind of money on tips.

And I never realized that the government was so strong on that. But waitresses, waiters would tell me that the government would go after them. It was horrible. That's how it all started with me. It just was incredible. And the biggest thing was again the $4 trillion that they found. They said well, that was nice.

They should have announced it, I could have told them that. And I don't know, it should be simple, but a lot of people didn't understand it. Actually, a lot of good people didn't understand it. But now they're saying, you know, Trump was right. They've never seen anything like this. And I don't know what it is, Scott, they didn't understand what we were trying to explain to them was going to happen.

Everybody's moving back to the United States because they don't want to pay a tax. If they don't, if they're not here, they have to pay a tax. And it didn't seem that complicated. But it's working at a level that nobody can imagine. You know, this is working $4 trillion, but that's a big number. It's a number that nobody ever heard of before, but $4 trillion is exciting, but that's nothing compared to what's happening because these places haven't even opened yet.

Some of them haven't even started hiring yet. They're under construction. So it's construction jobs, but it's not the big number, which -- and the big numbers, when they open, they're going to be very successful. It's a revolution. We're also working on things to ensure that the awesome power of artificial intelligence is used to benefit all Americans, including American workers and also American children.

In that spirit, our wonderful first lady has just announced a presidential AI challenge. It's going to be a very good challenge, I can tell you. She's put her heart into it. Which will inspire the next generation to stay on the cutting edge of this vital technology. This is the new internet, the new computer, the new television, the new everything, all put together in one.

This is why when I show you a picture like that -- I mean, I show you this. This is a factory superimposed over the island of Manhattan and you have many of them being built right now all over the country, or soon to start. Some of them have started. This one has actually started. That's in the great state of Louisiana.

But the first lady is working very hard on this, and it's an important initiative. And Melania, when she puts her mind to it, nobody could do better. There's nobody. So every young person should go to AI.gov to learn more, AI.gov to learn more. And you'll see it's a great challenge. I think it's going to be a very modern kind of a challenge.

It involves AI, which is very exciting to people. So I want to thank her; raise a lot of money for children. We're putting America first and we're going to be putting the American worker first. And you know, the Republican Party has picked up four million new people, four million. The Democrats have lost 2.5 million.

Other than that, they're extremely happy. You know, they're very depressed pressed. They're very depressed and their new box that they've fallen into is crime. There was a consultant on one of the shows this morning. I was watching. I thought he was very good. He's a Democrat consultant and he was screaming, no, no, don't let him do this to you.

Don't let -- it's another trap. It's another trap. What he's talking about, like men playing in women's sports. They said, that's an 80/20. No, it's a 97/3. It's 97/3. Like transgender for everybody, they fought for it. They're still fighting for it. I saw a guy today, a politician that you all know very well, fighting like hell for men playing in women's sports.

You don't understand, they're human beings also. Well, I agree they're human beings, but you can't have a seven-foot guy playing basketball with the women. You know, it's just one of those little problems in life and we all have our place. That's OK. I've got my place too, but this guy's screaming, it's another trap.

And this is the worst of all, he said, because this is crime. Trump is saying he's against crime and therefore crime. No -- he's going -- it was funny. No, it's a trap, don't do it. And then I saw this poor, stupid Chuck Schumer, the guy, he looks like he's aged a hundred years and I don't like getting into looks.

You know looks don't mean anything, right? When you're in politics, looks don't matter. I look at Pam, I would never say she's beautiful because that would be the end of my political career. Laurie, Secretary and -- but I will tell you, this is the best of all. And they're going to fight me. Like the slob of a governor you have in Illinois.

This poor guy got thrown out of his business by his family. I know the family. I was partners with the family, nice family. I like the family, but he was no good. He was -- they threw him out. He's governor of Illinois and he goes, about Trump, we don't need his help. Chicago is the worst. These places are really bad.

Crime in D.C. was the worst it ever was. You know, they make up stories. Crime in D.C. was the worst ever in history and now, over the last 13 days, we've worked so hard and we've taken so many -- there are many left, but we've taken so many criminals, over 1,000. I watched a man from Maryland, who said to me, I mean, sir, you're the greatest president.

You're doing an unbelievable job, what a great job. Governor Moore, has anyone heard of him? He's another hopeful for president. I don't think so. But I met him and I didn't realize it was on camera. Did you see, they caught him on camera? I was at a game. I don't know, like the Army Navy game or something, and I met him in a hallway.

And as usual, you do your job very well. One of these great cameramen had it on tape, but I met this gentleman. I never met him before. Sir, you're doing a great job. You're doing an unbelievable job. Thank you very much. But then he goes on television and says, oh, Trump is a dictator, he's a dictator -- and a lot of people are -- so the line is that I'm a dictator, but I stop crime.

So a lot of people say, you know, if that's the case, I'd rather have a dictator, but I'm not a dictator. I just know how to stop crime. And you would think that Illinois would have such a problem with crime, such a bad governor. He should be calling me and he should be saying, could you send over the troops, please, it's out of control.

It's out of control. In New York, it's out of control, not as bad as Illinois, by the way, not even close. In California, you would have not had the Olympics had I not sent in the troops, sent in the National Guard. They did a fantastic job. We have the Olympics, we have the World Cup coming. I got them in my first term and I was really sad because I said, oh boy, I got them and I won't be president.

And little things happened -- thank you, God. Thank you. No, little things happen. Think of it. I got -- you could ask Johnny. Johnny would tell you. He's the head of World Cup. He's a great guy, too great commissioner, but he's the head of the World Cup. He said, Trump is the only reason we're doing this.

And the sad part is that I was not going to have it. I would have to be -- probably, I wouldn't have even been invited to the game depending on who's president, right? And I got that. I did not get 250, OK? The 250th anniversary, I did not get. I'd like to claim it, if I might, but I did get that. That was whether I was president or not, it was still 250. I'd like to take credit for it. What I will take credit for is we're going to have a better celebration under Trump than you would have had under some stiff.

That, I'll care of. We're going to have a safer place, Kristi, because of you and Tom Homan and everybody, right?

But -- so we have 250 coming up. We have the World Cup coming up, which is like having 45 Super Bowls, and we have the Olympics coming up. So we're going to have a very exciting three and a half years remaining. We're going to have a very exciting -- it's going to be done properly. So I just want to tell you, our country is in incredible shape.

Our military is strong and powerful and respected. We had some fantastic decisions from the Supreme Court that let us put the people into the military and other businesses that are best for the job, as opposed to some woke reason that was killing our country. That was a very strong, very powerful -- you can now go into a company based on your ability, as opposed to being forced in based on some factor that cannot make our country great.

That was a big decision, very, very big decision. And we've had a lot of great decisions and we've all made some great decisions sitting around this table. I want to thank Scott, unbelievable what's happening financially with you and Howard. And Vice President's involved in everything and he's been great.

And Marco has been -- really, I think you're born for this job. I don't think you should ever run for another office, actually. I think you should really -- you're so good at this. He is so good, and everybody likes him. You know, everybody likes him, but everybody, much more importantly than like I think you would say, is respect.

They respect Marco. They respect all the people around the table. So what I'd like to do is I'd like to go around the table. You seem to like it. Your audience seems to like it based on ratings. And I want to mention, you know, about crime, because we have a young lady here, Iris of Epoch Times. You're Iris, aren't you, huh?

And I heard you were very savagely mugged in the city. And I'm not going to let that happen under this administration. That was last year.

And would you like to mention what happened?

You want to listen to this

You're being honest.

So, you had a gun pointed at your head and you probably figured that he's going to pull the trigger, because these are animals that don't know what the hell -- they couldn't care less. Pulling the trigger to him is a very minor event and I'm sure he's done it before. So, how did you -- and you did refuse to give it, which would probably -- maybe somebody would say that was not the right decision, right?

But you refused, but I understand that. So, and then he hit you real hard.

It's really amazing that you weren't shot though, isn't it?

Hey. And there are other reporters and journalists -- good people and you don't have to say it -- but that have also been attacked violently, and nonviolently too, pretty, pretty badly. But -- and I'll bet you see a big difference in the streets right now. And this is only 12 days. But people are telling me they're going out to dinner now.

They haven't -- I told the story my friend, but I have a lot of friends that are going out to dinner all the time now in DC and they weren't -- they weren't doing it. 12 days ago, they would never even think, one of my friends went out five times. It was four times the last time I told, now it's five times.

He said I love going out to dinner and restaurants are starting to open again, a lot of them closed because, you know, they weren't -- Nobody wanted to go into a restaurant, nobody wanted to get to a restaurant or even sit in the restaurant. But you see a big difference now, don't you?

Thank you very much. That's nice, and those are tough troops too. Those are not politically correct troops, we don't have politically correct anymore. We have tough guys, tough people, including some tough women. But we have tough people, and when you look at them, I'll tell you, they showed one scene where a bunch of Tren de Aragua guys or whatever, maybe MS-13, maybe MSDNC, OK, because to me they're worse.

I think they're worse. MSNBC maybe is worse than Tren de Aragua, real scum, real scum, real dishonest people. But anyway, but they went into this gang, I think it was Tren de Aragua, Venezuela, and they weren't nice to this group of people. They were -- the gang was calling them, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

Get out of here. Get the hell out of here. You're no good, get out of here. And yes, sir, yes, sir. Yes. These are people that beat up people all day long and they're calling these soldiers, that's what they are, they're real soldiers. There's no games. I said you don't have to be politically correct. And you know the way they used to spit in the face of the soldiers when the soldiers stand like this.

And you'd have some guy or some woman sometimes, screaming at them from one inch away. They're standing there and they're told you cannot do anything, and they start spitting, actually spitting in their face. And I said you spit, we hit. And they're totally authorized to do that, all of those things. But your story is great and there are other stories here, but they don't have to tell them.

But some people are ashamed to tell them, they don't want to tell them. But it was like a jungle and it's not a jungle anymore. And it's going to get so good that this will be the safest capital there is. It will be one of the safest places in our nation anywhere. And right now, it's one of the most unsafe places, but not now -- 12 days ago, it was the most unsafe place in our nation.

And they have to stop issuing false crime numbers because, I mean, I heard the mayor, and I like the mayor fine. I don't care if I like her or not if she did her job. I wish she were a horrible person who did her job, but she's probably nice, I guess. I don't care. I want her to do a job. But they issue false numbers.

She said crime is down, you know before we got in. Now they can say crime is down, crime is very much down. But what they did is they issued numbers, it's the best in 30 years. It's not the best, it's the worst, it's the worst, it's much worse. And they gave phony numbers and then they fired the man who didn't want to write the phony numbers.

He got fired and I guess that whole situation is under investigation because it's a very important thing, Pam. I mean, if they're going to give these phony numbers, it's a false feeling that you get crime, you have to do something about it. And you can't go around saying, oh, Washington, DC is safe if it's not.

It's going to be very safe very soon. It's very safe right now. You're going to go out, have dinner. People are going out all over the place. They're walking people that -- I have people that work in government, strong, tough cookies. They can take care of themselves. But it doesn't have to have big, strong muscles and I work out like this, if a guy is over there with a gun shooting you in your face.

You can be the strongest guy in the world, a guy has a gun, shoots you in the face. It doesn't matter how much you've worked out, how many weights you've lifted, how much -- how hard you work. So, we have the toughest guys, and we have the best guys. And I'm willing to go to Chicago, which is a big trouble, but we have a governor that refuses to admit he has problems -- huge problems.

Baltimore -- Wes Moore was telling me he wants -- I want to walk with the president. Well, I said I want to walk with you too someday. But first, you've got to clean up your crime because I'm not walking --  I'm not walking in Baltimore right now. Baltimore is a hellhole. And this guy, I don't even think he knows it. He's another candidate for president.

Between him and Newscum, you've got some real beauties, I'll tell you. But if we didn't go into Los Angeles, you wouldn't have the Olympics in my opinion, you wouldn't have the Olympics. We went in and the sheriff, the boss said, Thank God they're here. You could see his tape, he said we were not able to control what was happening.

That was the sheriff, and he said it loud and clear. And you know, they're suing us for going in and cleaning up crime. And yet their own sheriff said -- on the first or second night, he said we could have never handled. That was going to be -- you were not going to have the Olympics because -- or the World Cup because that would be -- there wouldn't be anything left.

They shouldn't have lost 25,000 houses. The water was turned off from the Pacific Northwest, and I was after them in my first administration -- turn on the water, turn it on. Nobody could have believed this could have happened, but they had no water in the fire hydrants. They had no water in the sprinkler systems that people put up in their ceilings.

There was no water and yet we have tremendous amounts of water. They send it all into the Pacific Ocean trying to protect a certain little fish that's not doing well because it doesn't do well without water either. And it shouldn't be protected because they have -- it shouldn't be a protected species. But I think that's actually just an excuse, I actually think.

These people are sick, there's something wrong. So, we send hundreds of millions of gallons of water a day into the Pacific Ocean. They turn a valve, and the valve heads out, and we turn the valve back. I actually had to do it using force, we turned the valve back and now they have water, but not as much as they should have because they should -- And I'm telling Gavin Newscum by this conversation right now, turn the rest of the water on, turn it on. So, things are done that are so sad in this country.

A lack of common sense. I like to say the Republican Party is the party with common sense. We're smart, we're sharp, we're this or that. They're smart, but they're radical left people and they can't help it. They're very smart, but they're radical left and they're destroying our country. But they're not -- they're not going to destroy it anymore.

So, we picked up millions of people in the Republican Party. They lost millions of people. And I think we're going to do very well in the midterms. And I just want to say one other thing and that's medicine. The cost of medicine all over the world is much cheaper than the United States because for years the world pushed us around including our friends.

And you go to Germany, you go to England, you go to different places, and you go to a store and it's sometimes 10 percent of what we pay in the United States because they said, nope, we're not paying any more, you charge the United States. This went on for 25, 30 years and I invoked favored nations. I said I want to pay the same as they're paying and Bobby Kennedy is doing a good job and Dr. Oz is doing a good job.

And I asked them, I mean other than the basics that they're doing on autism and other things, which we've got to solve that problem because it's crazy what's happening. It's out of hand. But this is the most important thing that can be done is favored nations, Bobby.

And we're not talking about a 25 percent cut or a 50, We're talking about a 1,500 percent cut. Because people go to Europe to buy drugs and they come back with drugs -- prescription drugs, normal -- I don't mean the bad, bad drugs, I mean prescription drugs, because you can buy them for 10 percent, 15 percent, 20 percent of what -- so, they're going to go up in price.

And I told the countries; I get along good with all of them. I mean, you could ask anybody, I get along good with all of them. But I said, you know, I told them, I said you're going to go up a little bit because it's the world, it's the world. So, more people in the world than we have. We're going to go down a lot and they're going to go up a little, and it's called equalization.

We're going to have equalization, so we pay the same price as the lowest drug sold anywhere in the world. And I think, Bobby, that's going to happen pretty soon. The companies are ready for it. They had to go for years. I was with a very great gentleman from Eli Lilly. I think he's an incredible executive.

I mean, I'll mention the company and I'll mention him because we had this argument my first term and then we had it in my second term. And my second term, I wouldn't stop until I won the point, and he threw up his hands. He says you're right; I can no longer defend it. I can no longer defend that a pill that's made by Johnson and Johnson in a factory -- in the same factory in the United States versus a place in Europe or other places, including Canada, by the way, you can buy it for 10 percent or 15 percent or 20 percent the cost of what we're paying, where we'd pay five, six, seven times more money.

He said it's the hardest part of my job, defending that. I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm saying that we have to get down to business, and that's a great company. He's done a great job, and I appreciated it, and it really broke the ice because they were saying, well, we have to do research and development.

Well, you have to do it for Germany and all these other countries too. Well, they think the United States should bear it. I mean, I heard this stuff for -- and I finally said it's over. Now you have to have somebody that can get these countries to do it. I told them if you don't do it, we're going to charge you a 25 percent tariff on everything you send into our country.

That's much more money than what we're talking about. Then we have to get the drug companies to do it, and they'll do it because we have tremendous power over the drug companies too. So, we're going to get it done. I just hope we get it done fast, Bobby, because this thing should go fast. But we're going to get -- the cost of medicine is going to be 1,000 percent -- think of that, not 2 percent.

And I'll just tell this last story. When I was in my first term, in my last year, I was so proud of myself because drug prices went down for the first time in 28 years under my administration. You know how much it went down? One quarter of 1 percent and I was so proud of that. And I held a news conference, I think you'll be able to find it, congratulating myself and my administration because for the first time in 28 years, drug prices went down one quarter of 1 percent, a little tiny -- but it still went down, and I thought it was great.

And then I realized, you know, it's a very complicated business and formula. You've got to be very smart. I said, we're really getting ripped off by the whole world. The whole world is ripping us off. And what happened is I got on this kick, and I got the drug companies to agree. And I got countries to agree, countries to agree.

And they're not agreeing because they think I'm a nice person, they're agreeing because I will put charges and costs and tariffs onto them that will be many times more than what they're going to be paying. So, the companies are there, and the countries are there, and we've got to get it done, Bobby. We've got to get it done, and we're going to have the biggest price event -- now, that's going to lower Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, this is going to lower everything because drugs go for everything.

It's going to have the biggest impact, I think, of anything that can possibly be done. But you're going to -- your costs are going to be going down for medicine, for prescription drugs, will be going down at levels that nobody ever thought possible. And that's going to happen in a matter of a very short period of time.

And we're all set with the countries, and we're all set with the companies. It's all you need, the two, and the middleman gets cut out. Under this scenario the middleman doesn't exist anymore. That was the other thing. They always blame the middleman. I said who are the middlemen, nobody knew who the middleman was.

You know, they had the most complex formula, it was genius, but they didn't get away with it. So, I'm counting on Bobby. Do you want to start, Bobby? Maybe we'll start with you. You can start with that and then go on to what we're talking about.

They're going to -- they're smart. Don't let them get away with it, Howard.

Good, right?

They're massive. It's so crazy. Go ahead.

And natural gas is $0.03.

That's great.

Right.

That's great.

That's great, Bobby. Bobby, autism, if I could, just -- I don't want to go too long because we have a lot of people. But the autism is such a tremendous horror show, what's happening in our country and some other countries, but mostly our country. How are you doing on that?

It's such a big day. I'm looking forward to that day because there's something wrong when you see the kind of numbers that you have today versus 20 years ago. And those numbers, what are those numbers, Bobby?

Look at those numbers, so there has to be something artificially causing this, meaning a drug or something. And I know you're looking very strongly at different things and I hope you can come out with that as soon as possible.

So 1 in 10,000 and now it's 1 in 31 or 34, or 12, if it's a boy. Can you imagine that, 1 in 12? That's for a boy.

It's not even believable that that could be, and that was 1 in 10,000, not so long ago. I've been hearing these numbers and they get worse and worse every year. There's got to be something -- I think there's nothing including favored nations and everything else, there's nothing that can be -- if you can find out the reason that that's happening, and I know we're going to do some things.

I think it's --

I think we -- I think we maybe know the reason and I look forward to that press conference, to be with you in that press conference. That's going to be a great thing. Thank you, Bobby. You're doing a great job.

Linda, how about it? And we want nothing less than $500 million from Harvard. Don't negotiate, Linda.

They've been very bad. Don't negotiate. Go ahead.

So we're bringing education back to the States, to put it in a more simple fashion. We're going to let the states educate our children again. And you know, we're rated -- out of 40 countries, we're 38, 39 or 40. So obviously, it's not working, what they've been doing for the last 30, 40 years. And if you go back, the best are, like, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, some of the other -- Finland.

They're very highly rated. If you go back to -- just take a look at anything you want to do. You just look at us in the past. If we gave Iowa or gave Indiana or gave -- and I don't say every one of them. You know a guy like Gavin Newscum  is not going to do well. Certain states won't do well. But even California, you cut it up into sections, you have Riverside, you have this, you have that, you cut it into five sections.

And you know, if you had a good governor, you'd be able to do well, but certain states will be able to compete with Denmark, Norway, Sweden and everyone. It will be just as good. So I figure you have close to 40 of those states and then you'll have 10, you have five that won't be very good. You'll have five disasters and we'll have to work on those disasters.

But for the most part, we will have education that will go zooming up in those charts, just like we have in everything else we've done. And I think it's one of the most important things we're doing at this table. So bringing education back to the states where you have the parents running it, where you have the school boards, they're local -- We have people running from Washington that have never even been to the state that they're in charge of. They've never even been there and I don't think they care about it. So we want to close up the Washington buildings, sell the buildings off, let somebody else get rich with the real estate, because it will be a crime-free city.

By the way, speaking of that, anybody murders something in the capital, capital punishment. Capitol -- capital punishment, if somebody kills somebody in the capital, Washington DC, we're going to be seeking the death penalty. And that's a very strong preventative, and everybody that's heard it agrees with it. I don't know if we're ready for it in this country, but we have it. It is -- we have no choice.

So, in DC, in Washington -- states are going to have to make their own decision -- but if somebody kills somebody, like you could have been killed, very lucky you didn't get killed. It's the death penalty, OK? Fantastic job you're doing. Thank you, Linda, very much. How are you doing with the colleges by the way?

You're doing some pretty good work in terms of getting them to treat people fairly.

That's great.

Well, they misbehaved and some of these schools are getting billions and billions of dollars, and they misbehave. So, that's it. And so, one way or the other, we're going to win that whole thing. It's going to straighten them out, OK? Thank you very much. Great job. Lee, please.

And Lee, in Los Angeles, if you could, because of the fires, Lee was there and, as you know, we have very strict federal rules having to do with the rebuilding of those houses. And Lee was able to get the approvals done for everybody immediately. It was so fast, nobody could believe it. And the mayor and the governor still haven't gotten them their approvals and they're going to have riots out there for that reason.

These are great homeowners. They want to build a house, they can't get approved because you have the mayor, Bass, who has no idea what she's doing. And you have a governor who is just such a bad governor, and the people are unable to build their house. The toughest permit to get was the federal permit by far.

And yet he got them all in a short period of time after the fire. How long did it take?

When will they have their permits from Los Angeles?

They're talking about also taking away some of the properties and building low income housing on those properties. They're going to have problems like they've never had before. These people don't know what they're doing. So, we have all our permits. Everything the federal government has to do was done long ago.

They should have been -- I went to a town hall with Lee, but we were there and the mayor was saying it would take two years, maybe three years to get this approved. I said no, no, not two years, two days, they should have it in two days. And I toured the site, and I met 100 homeowners all standing in front of this site a couple of days after the fire and they were ready to go right then.

They wanted to just build right then, and the city won't let them do it. I don't think it's that they won't. I think they're incompetent, OK, to be honest with you. I think they just don't know how to go about it. It is so badly run by Newscum and by Mayor Bass. Mayor Bass, she was in Africa during the fire.

She knew the fire was starting to rage and she decided to take a trip to Africa. These people are just -- they're just bad. You know, you talk about Make America Great Again, they could never make America great again, but we are doing that. Congratulations. You found some interesting things, Tulsi.

She's becoming a bigger and bigger star every day. She found a lot of good things. Go ahead.

And you've also found many bags of information. I think they call them burn bags. They're supposed to be burned and they didn't get burned, having to do with how corrupt the 2020 election was. And when will that all come out?

Great job. Thank you. We look forward to hearing it. The public looks forward. Thank you very much. Administrator.

Great job. You're doing a great job. Thank you very much. Kristi.

Great job and great job on the border. We had millions and millions of people coming in. To think three months in a row, zero.

That's some job. Thank Tom and everybody. And Pete, good job, not surprised. Thank you very much. Chris, please.

Thank you, Chris. Great job you're doing. Appreciate it. Lori, please.

Thank you very much, Lori.

You're doing a fantastic job. And I will tell you that Lori was recommended by the Teamsters. And I said that doesn't really work, does it, and it turned out to be one of our best choices. So I just want to thank you and Sean, who as you know, recommended you very strongly. You've really turned out to be a gem.

Thank you.

You're doing a great job.

Thank you, Lori. Thank you. Pam.

Right.

Great message. And you've been fantastic these last 12 days in DC. The job you and your whole group has -- everyone's talking about it all over the world. I hate to have to talk about that, but we have to -- it's becoming a very safe place again. And the work -- I've seen how hard you work the last -- well, from the beginning in all fairness.

But this focus on DC is so important for the country. So, great job -- and to everybody, great job.

Thank you, Pam, very much. Mr. VP, would you like to say something?

Great job. Thank you. Scott?

Great job. You're doing great. Thank you very much, Scott. Brooke?

Thank you. Beautifully stated. Thank you very much, Scott.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. And I want to give credit to Tim Scott, great Senator from a place called South Carolina, that we love, right? And Tim really came up with opportunity zones and we did a good job of working with him. And together we created something that nobody speaks of very much, but it's probably the most successful thing that's ever been done of its kind.

It's been amazing. So Tim Scott deserves a lot of credit for that. Thank you.

So Russell, go ahead.

Thank you. Great job, Russell. Appreciate it. John, central casting, I call it. It's central casting.

I heard about that.

Right.

Thank you very much. You've been really fantastic, but I'm not surprised. I've known John a long time. I'm not surprised at all. Thank you very much. Steve, please.

Thank you, Steve. Jamieson, please.

Thank you very much. Really good job by the way. He's a good negotiator. Thank you.

Well, you've done a tremendous job, and I hear it all the time. We have a 93 percent approval rating at the VA now, and you know what it was before, it was like horrible. So, thank you very much.

You know, it is compared to the governor.  They didn't have this problem with Biden -- it was in and out very quickly.

Go ahead.

Great. You hear that, Bobby?

That's a good idea. That's great.

Thank you very much, Sean.

Really great. And he is doing a good job at NASA too and we are -- I think we'll have some pretty exciting announcements.

And you enjoy it.

I said, how about temporary? He said, well, can I go a little bit longer? He loves it. He loves it and he's doing a really good job. Thank you very much, appreciate it. Howard, please.

That's interesting.

That's amazing.

That was -- that was very well stated. Things people don't think of too much. Thank you very much. Great job. Pete.

That's good.

That's great. I think I like Department of War better, but we'll make that decision, right? But you've been great. Thank you very much. So, Marco, go ahead.

That's true.

Fantastic. Thank you very much. Doug, please.

Thank you very much. And we're leading that race right now by a lot and we're going to keep the electricity coming. You know, in China, they do it very quickly. They have one person that says do it and that's it. But essentially, we have one person that says do it and we've given that order and the job they've done has been amazing.

And I want to thank, again, Lee. What you're doing in that regard is so important and the rapidity just as fast as them because it's a question of a week versus a day and that's not going to make a difference. But you've done fantastically and Doug and Chris, amazing job. So we've done this for a little while now.

I don't think you've ever seen anything like it. And I think Sean was right, these guys that are holding these up, if you ever try holding your hand out for two hours, that's a long time. It's a pretty strong character. You've been doing that a long time, I guess, congratulations.

Are you getting tired? Are you getting tired?

I'm looking at these guys, they look like they have no problem. It's amazing, actually. They -- I think they would have beaten you guys in the -- in the test. So I want to thank you. If you want, you know, it's been a long time. If you want -- if you want, we could go in and we can call it a day.

No? And feel free then to ask some of the questions here. Look, I believe in very open -- you know, we want to be open, above board. We want to be honest with the media. I wish the media was totally honest with us, but I think they're getting better, to be honest with you. And so we'll see. But if you want to take a few questions, you really want

Oh, sure, always. We always have legal fights. Look, I had a legal fight that went on for years with crooked people, with very horrible people, people that have been found out now between John Ratcliffe and Tulsi and Pam, and -- I mean, the things that we found out, of course, it's a very, very sad group of people.

But no, she seems to have had an infraction and she can't have an infraction, and especially that infraction because she's in charge of, if you think about it, mortgages. And we need people that are 100 percent above board and it doesn't seem like she was. Yeah, please.

Well, I wish them a lot of luck. No, I think it's -- I think he's a great player. I think he's a great guy and I think that she's a terrific person, so I wish them a lot of luck.

Well, we think we're -- you know, look, we're getting along very well with China and I'm getting along very well with President Xi. I think it's very insulting to say students can't come here, because they'll go out and they'll start building schools and they'll be able to survive it, but I like that their students come here.

I like that other countries' students come here. And you know what would happen if they didn't, our college system would go to hell very quickly. You'd have -- and it wouldn't be the top colleges, it would be colleges that struggle on the bottom, and you take out 300,000 or 600,000 students out of the system.

I like having -- and I told this to President Xi, that we're honored to have the students here. Now, with that, we check and we're careful and we see who's there and Marco wants -- we spoke. We're in the same position, but we have a tremendous college system, the best in the world, nobody even close. That's why China sends them here.

And you can call it an industry if you want, but you're talking about millions of people. And I'm honored to have the students from China come here and we're just getting along very well with China. It's a different relationship than we had for years, where they took hundreds of billions of dollars, just sucked it right out of our country.

They respect us again. I respect them. The relationship is very good. I think it's important that -- these are two very major powers, nuclear powers at that, but two very important powers. You know, when I get along with Putin, when I get along with President Xi, when I get along with these people, that's a good thing, not a bad thing.

We're tough and we're smart and we're strong. We get along. It's a lot better than not getting along. You had somebody in here before, the war should have never started with Ukraine and Russia. It would have never started. And Putin said that himself. President Putin said that himself. So we want to see college students come in from countries.

There are some countries that we can't necessarily say, that these are places that have ideologies that we can't live with. So there are some areas, some countries that we can't say that, but we're honored to have the students come here. Please. Yeah, please.

On what?

Yeah, what about it?

There's no conclusive. It's been going on for a long time. You're talking about -- I guess, if you really add it up, Steve, you're talking about thousands of years, OK? It's been going on for -- there's nothing conclusive, but hopefully we're going to have things solved very quickly with regard to Gaza and also with regard to Ukraine and Russia.

Well, we have some very good people for that position and I think we have some very good people. We're down to -- I mean, I think -- I, maybe in my own mind, have somebody that I like, but I deal with Scott and I deal with Howard and we're dealing with a lot of people actually that are going to be involved in that decision, ultimately.

It's a very important decision. As we see, I mean, I got a bad recommendation when I went with Jerome too-late. You know, he's too late. His nickname is too late, costing us a lot of money, hurting the housing. I mean, our housing industry is good, but it could be phenomenal. Most of this country in terms -- economic terms, has been phenomenal.

We've never seen anything like it. Because of him and his high interest rates, the housing is less than it could be. We're going to get that straightened out very quickly. He gets out very quickly, fortunately. He's been the wrong guy, not a bad person, I don't think. But you know, I do think he has motives, by the way, but I don't consider him -- I've dealt with worse, but he hasn't done the job.

The recommendation from a certain person was not a great recommendation. That person vouched for him, but we're doing a very careful study. We'll see what happens. Look, we have -- we just put a very good man in that -- in one position.

We might switch him to the other, it's a longer term, and pick somebody else, but we're very happy with the person we have in there and we'll have a majority very shortly. So that'll be great. Once we have a majority and housing is going to swing and it's going to be great. People are paying too high an interest rate.

That's the only problem with housing. We have to get the rates down a little bit. And when we do, it's going to be a tremendous difference. The country -- but the country -- the country is doing so well. It's sort of -- it sort of blows through the fact that we have a man who's too late and not doing a very good job. Please, in blue.

When you say carry, I assume you're talking about carry -- what we're talking about, right?

In other words, carry a gun. Is that right? Would you like to carry a gun?

You'd feel a hell of a lot better, right?

I agree with you, 100 percent.

But I'll tell you, within another couple of weeks -- it's hard to believe what's been accomplished in 12 days. But within another couple of weeks, you won't have to carry.

You're not going to have to carry. You're going to be safe. People are safe now. This -- the turn has gone fast -- I knew it was going to go fast, but this turn has gone really fast. And within a month or two, this is going to be one of the safest places in the country. I have no doubt about it. And we'll do an extension.

We'll work with Congress, or I could declare an emergency, but I don't think that's going to be necessary. We'll work with Congress. We're going to be working with Congress. I spoke with our great speaker, and I will be speaking to John Thune. And we're getting tremendous support from Congress, especially maybe here.

Everybody wants to see our capital be great. You could say be great again. You know, it's such a beautiful place, but if you have crime, nothing looks beautiful. So -- but you won't need to carry a gun, but if you do, it's going to be your choice.

Well, a lot of people feel that.

Yeah.

I think so. I think that crime is going to be a big thing. And we are the party -- the Republicans are the party that wants to stop crime. We're against crime. The Democrats like crime. I don't know why. I mean, we talk about common sense. I think I got elected on talking about common sense. The border, we have to have a wall.

We have -- we don't want transgender for everybody. We don't -- as I said before, we don't want to have men playing in women's sports. I mean, you see the difference. Weightlifting, take a look at weightlifting, take a look at long distance running, where a runner came in five hours and 14 minutes ahead of another runner.

Both champions, one male, one -- it's not fair. It's demeaning to women. It's so bad, but they have another one. And I think this is the beauty of them all, crime. They're against crime prevention. You can't do that. You can't do that. And it's -- I think to myself, I say, is there some game? You know, they're smart people.

Is there -- anybody that could cheat like that in elections is smart, OK? And there's never been in history, anybody that could cheat like that. They're smart. They're brilliant in many ways. I say, is there some trick to this, when they say Trump is in Washington D.C. stopping crime, he's a dictator. And people are being mugged, like your brilliant associate here.

I don't know how you're alive. I mean, based on that story. You got very lucky he didn't just go -- all he had to do is this, right?

And it's pretty amazing. So --

So we have something -- I think we have two things. I think what Bobby was talking about with respect to drug prices is unbeatable. Nobody else could have done it but us. And I think that crime, I think crime will be the big subject of the midterms and will be the big subject of the next election. Think of it. They are -- instead of saying Trump's right about crime -- it's really bad in Chicago.

You have a guy in Illinois, the governor of Illinois saying that crime has been much better in Chicago recently. And Trump is a dictator -- and most people say, if you call him a dictator, if he stops crime, he can be whatever he wants. I'm not a dictator, by the way. But he could be whatever he wants. I think it's going to be a big, big subject for the midterms and I think the Republicans are going to do really well.

They are -- they called it a trap, this Democrat consultant. They said, he's put him in a trap again, because these are all traps. You know, 80/20, but they're not 80/20. They're almost 100 to nothing, all these issues. But I would say that crime is stronger than men playing in women's sports. I think it's stronger than transgender for everybody.

You know, it's transgender for everybody, according to them. It's stronger, of course, it's -- this is a cause of it. Open borders open borders gave us a lot of this crime. So you know, so they're sort of on an equal footing I guess. But crime is going to be a very big subject and you know what he should do if he was smart, Illinois or New York, if they want, or Gavin Newscum, they should call me and they should say, you know, we've got a problem.

You know, we could solve, with this team, different players but worked the same way, because you'd leave them here. You don't want to take them out and let it go to hell. Everybody's so happy and I bet you walked over here today and you had no fear. Nobody has any fear anymore, the last 12 days. But what if they -- It would be so smart, Gavin Newsom called me up and say, you know what, we have a big problem.

We have the Olympics coming up. We want to do well. We have tremendous problems on crime and other things and we'd love some help. Chicago, in particular, maybe right now. I mean, it's a disaster. It's a disaster. We could solve their problem in. It's bigger than this, let's say two months, OK, working with their police.

I know their police very well. I have a big project in Chicago I built -- I was so proud of it. It's the best site in Chicago. I got it. Nobody else got it. I was happy as hell. That was when I was a real estate guy, and I got it, the Sun-Times site, they call it. And I built a building. It's a great building.

And I'm so embarrassed when I see the kind of crime stats coming out there, so embarrassed. And if I were a governor, a Democrat governor, or mayor or anybody having to do, I'd call up President Trump. I'd say, President Trump, we need your help. We saw what you've done in D.C. in a period of 12 days. This is 12 days.

We haven't even started. This is going to be so safe. It's going to be the safest place on earth, and we'll do the same thing in Chicago. But I'd like to be asked as opposed to just going in and doing it, because you know, when you go in and do it, then they start screaming, oh, he shouldn't be here, we don't need him, we're doing so well.

And then the better we do, they take credit for it. So it's really pretty unfair. Yes, go ahead.

Yeah.

Longer term, yeah. Well, it's a great question. Number one, we want to stay there for longer than 30 days. As you know, we have an absolute mandate and I can extend it, but I'd rather not have to declare a national emergency. Because by that time -- I mean, right now there's not an emergency. We've done -- as you sort of said yourself, it feels like a different world.

We've got under arrest and prosecution, and we've thrown out -- taken some and we're in the process of taking hundreds out of our country that shouldn't be here. And these are hardcore professional criminals. They were born to be criminals, in my opinion, but they're seriously bad people, murderers, drug dealers, you know them all.

You see them all as you walk beautifully to work and every once in a while, somebody puts a gun to your head, because that's what happened in your case. We're getting a lot of them out of the country. We're putting a lot of them in prison because we're afraid to bring them out of the country. They could come back.

You know, as good as we're doing, they could come back. We don't want them back. And that's going to solve a lot of it. We also think there should be a presence here for long enough. We should also work with our police department, because you have very good police here, very good. We're working very well with them, by the way.

And we have to work together for a while. We have some people that are very tough and very strong working with the police. They're going to be able to handle it. And you know what, if it gets a little bit bad, a little bit, just a little bit, I'll bring them back in and we'll straighten it out. We'll make it perfect.

You're going to be so safe in this city. And you're going to have the city beautified. We're going to be giving out -- we're working with Clark, as you know, Construction. They're the biggest. They're working with me also. We're building a beautiful ballroom for the White House. They've been after it for 150 years, employs a lot of people.

It's going to be as beautiful a ballroom as has ever been built. And Clark is the big -- the big -- builder in this city, they've done, I guess, a majority of the good work, the big work. And we're working with them on the beautification, the fixing up the roads, the fixing up of the medians, you know, between the roads so cars don't wrap into each other.

They wrap into -- I have one piece sitting on the ground for weeks, this was a year ago, when I had to come in unfortunately for fake court cases.

And I looked at the condition, we have it fixed up a lot right now. You know, the tents are removed and a lot of things have taken place. But I'd come into this city and I'd say, boy, does it look bad, the filth on the roads. The medians were broken and always laying down and nobody would fix them and all of that.

Well, we're going to have new medians. We're going to have a nice topping put on the road. We're not going to rip the roads apart and start a construction project the last -- for two and a half years as they rebuild the road, which they don't have to do. And we're going to have this place so beautiful, that's going to be a part of it. Now the biggest part is crime, but it's also a part -- you know, when you see a dirty city, it's like I told, I don't know, it became the number one thing viral.

I said my father, he's a smart guy. He's a great guy. He's a loving, wonderful father, but he could be a little on the tough side. He told me that -- son, when you walk into a restaurant and you see a dirty filthy door going into the restaurant, don't go there because the kitchen's dirty also. When they see a dirty capital, the rest of the world, they lose a lot of respect for our country.

This capital is going to be so beautiful. We're going to have new poles, new lights, new fences -- stuff that when you add it up, it's money, but it's peanuts compared to what we're talking about and we're also going to have great safety.

A terrible story, I'm just amazed she's here. When the gun is -- Pam, when the gun is put to the head, did they ever capture these people by the way?

It'd be really great if you could maybe give the information. She's very good at capturing people.  She's very good. If you could give that information to Pam would be great. Would you do that? Wouldn't -- you'd love to see them? I would assume you'd like to see them captured; you can't -- you just can't.

Yeah. Take a good look at that. Go ahead.

Oh, they're throwing things. They throw -- how about where they chop down the granite curbs and the concrete curbs -- but the granite curbs, so expensive. You know, those granite curbs, nobody uses them because they're so expensive. And you see a guy chopping them and handing out big chunks of them like a brick because they couldn't get in because people were stopping them from walking out.

A little bit unusual when you walk in with a bag of bricks. Generally speaking, Sean, that's not a good sign. That's not a good sign. But they now come in with hammers, they can disguise a hammer and they start pounding the concrete and the granite and they hand out chunks. And those people take those chunks and start throwing them at cops.

Or they stand on the top of bridges and they drop them down into the windshield of your car and you get killed running into a light pole. It's -- those days are over.

I'd love to do it if she'd like -- I get along with Kathy. If she'd like to do that I would do it. See, look, New York has difficulty like -- and I don't want to make this -- I want to make this like friendly. But the places we're talking about happen to be virtually all Democrat run. Now take a look at your 25 places that are most troubled.

Every one, except maybe one and it's way back in number 24 or 25, but essentially 25 out of 25 are run by Democrats. And cashless bail was a disaster. When they did that -- and I believe it was instituted first in New York, but when they did cashless bail, that was a tragedy for this because that's when it really started.

It really started getting bad. When somebody kills somebody, you don't say you can come out, you don't have to put up anything. You put that person in jail and you find out whether or not it's true. But you don't give cashless bail with a promise to come back in a couple of months we'll start talking to you, because they go out and they kill other people and you can't do that.

The cashless bail has been -- you know, it's just a woke thing. It's got to stop. You see that, Kristi, better than anybody. It's got to stop. It causes unbelievable -- and we're doing that. We're stopping it in DC. I would love to have the governor of Illinois call me and say, look, we have a problem in Chicago.

We will stop that problem in Chicago in two months, maybe less -- two months we'll stop it. These are tough cookies we have working for us. These are tough cookies. These are not politically correct soldiers that -- I won't go into definitions of what that means, but these are not politically correct soldiers.

These are rough guys. I watched it last night. I see it. I saw them the other day when we went down and we spent some time together with them. These are tough cookies. These are not people that you're going to laugh at and spit in their face and they're not going to do anything about it. And these people, they're afraid -- these gang members, who are bad people too.

These are bad, these are just bad people. Ours are bad, but they're bad in a good sense, right. You understand that, Scott. And we can solve Chicago in two months. Now then, as per your statement before, we have to keep it going and we'll be able to keep it going. The first thing you have to do is get it down.

We are very close to being in that position in DC, and within a month we will be -- within a month from when we started, which is quicker than I thought, we're going to have -- you're going to feel very, very safe. I think you feel very safe right now. But I would love it to have these governors, mayors call me and say we'd like to invite you into our community because we have a problem and you can handle the problem and we can't. One other thing, sanctuary cities, they should be terminated.

They're sanctuary for criminals, they're safety and security for criminals. They are very, very bad. And all of these places have sanctuary cities and all they're doing is protecting criminals. OK?

No, they're public. I mean, you can find out those records. You can go check out the records yourself and you should be doing that job actually. You wouldn't do that because that's not the kind of reporter you are. But you should be doing that job. I shouldn't have to be doing it. If you did your job properly, we wouldn't have problems like Lisa Cook.

Go ahead, you were going to say something? Go -- blue.

I think we have to have lower interest rates, yes.

And we know who they are, and we know who they're doing business with. And we're arresting the people, very strongly arresting, and we're keeping them there because your laws here make it very difficult. And one of the other laws we're trying to get done because your 14-year-old kids that are just as tough as a 25-year-old kid, just as dangerous and they carry the same gun.

And we have to make a provision where they're treated like older people because these are seriously tough, bad -- they're children, but they're criminals and they're really bad criminals. And they're used by older people because they never get charged because you can't do anything to them. But we are getting that changed, Pam, I hope because you have 14-year-old kids that are evil, they're sick and they have to be put away.

Something has to be done because you can't have a society where they're allowed to walk the street. You know that better than anybody.

I can't believe -- you're not tired holding that. Look at this, how strong are you? How strong are you? Look at him? He's been holding that thing for three hours. You're good a fisherman.

I want to see that deal end. It's very, very serious what I have in mind if I have to do it, but I want to see it end. I think that in many ways he's there. Sometimes he'll be there, and Zelenskyy won't be there. You know, it's like who do we have today, I've got to get them both at the same time, but I want to have it end.

We have economic sanctions; I'm talking about economic because we're not going to get into a world war. I'll tell you what, in my opinion, if I didn't win this race, Ukraine could have ended up in a world war. We're not going to end up in a world war anymore, but it would have ended up possibly in a world war.

That would have been a -- they were ready to trot. But just like India and Pakistan, we're going to end up in a nuclear war if I didn't stop them. I mean, it was sort of strange. I saw they were fighting, then I saw seven jets were shot down. I said, that's not good. That's a lot of jets. You know, $150 million planes were shot down, a lot of them, seven, maybe more than that.

They didn't even report the real number and I'm talking to a very terrific man, Modi of India.

And I say, what's going on with you and Pakistan? Then I'm talking to Pakistan -- on trade. I said, what's going on with you and India? And the hatred was tremendous. Now, this has been going on for a hell of a long time, like with -- sometimes with different names, for hundreds of years. But I said, what's going on? I said, I don't want to make a trade deal.

No, no, no, we want to make trade deal. I said no, no, I don't want to make a trade deal with you. You're going to have a nuclear war. You guys are going to end up in a nuclear war. And that was very important to them. I said, call me back tomorrow, but we're not going to do any deals with you, or we're going to put tariffs on you that are so high -- You were there, Howard, right?

We're going to put tariffs on you that was so high, I don't give a damn, your head's going to spin. You're not going to end up in a war. Within about five hours, it was done. It was done. Now, maybe it starts again, I don't know. I don't think so, but I'll stop it if it does. We can't let these things happen.

The Russia, Ukraine situation, last week, 7,012 soldiers, 7,012 soldiers died. They were Russian; they were Ukrainian. They weren't Americans. So a lot of people would say, what do you care, they're not American? I care. They're 12,000 -- over the last couple of weeks, over 12,000 people died in the -- like in two weeks.

You know, we're talking about crime where somebody killed here or somebody -- think of it, you have your son leaving Russia, leaving Ukraine, their little house wherever they live with their parents. They're waving goodbye just like our parents would wave goodbye and they're waving, goodbye, son. And then a week later, his head's blown off in a stupid war by a drone, a whole new form of military problem.

So no, I'd like it to stop. I want to get it to stop. And it will not be a world war, but it will be an economic war. An economic war is going to be bad and it's going to be bad for Russia. And I don't want that. Now, I have to also see because not everybody -- you know, Zelenskyy is not exactly innocent either, OK? You know?

It takes two people to tango and I say it all the time, you got to get them together. I get along with Zelenskyy now, but we have a much different relationship because now we're not paying any money to Ukraine. You know, I stopped that. We're paying money to ourselves. What's happening is NATO is buying all of the equipment and paying in full.

But even with that, forget about that, I want to get it stopped because it's a lot of lives that are being lost. Every week. It's 7,000, 5,000, 6,000. I get the reports and I see battlefields. I'd rather not see them. And you know, you read about -- you read about Gettysburg. You read about Gettysburg and you see, you know, those thousand -- 600,000 people, but in that war in particular was really bad, like 150,000 or something, just dead body -- I'm seeing the same -- I see pictures.

I see satellite pictures of heads over here, arms over here, legs over here. And this is like a modern age. It's no different than the worst wars that I've ever seen. And if I can stop it, because I have a certain power or a certain relationship, I had a very good relationship with President Putin very, very good.

That's a positive thing again. And I think I'm probably the only -- Steve Witkoff would tell you I'm the only one that can solve it. I don't know. You just told me that a few times, unless he was saying that just to build up my ego. But it's not really -- I have no ego when it comes to this stuff. I just want to see it stop.

Thousands of young people, mostly young people are dying every single week. If I can save that by doing sanctions or by just being me, or by using a very strong tariff system that's very costly to Russia or Ukraine or whoever we have -- you know. But I stopped seven wars and three of those wars were going on for more than 30 years.

You know, if you look at Congo, if you look at -- just look at any of them, almost all of them were going on for an extended period of time. Now, interestingly, one had just started. It was two days old and you know that one. And we did that one when we were in Scotland negotiating -- it was two days -- but there were 2,000 dead bodies laying on the border and I got that one stopped too.

And I'm very honored by that, but I still -- the one that I thought would be the easiest is turning out to be the hardest. That's President Putin and President Zelenskyy, but I think I'll get it done.

You never know. It's war.

With war, you never know, right? War is very tricky, very horrible, but with war, you never know, things change. People go into war, think they're going to win the war and then they get their asses kicked and they lose their country, they lose millions of lives. Nobody goes into a war thinking they're going to lose.

They go in, I'm sure that Ukraine thought they were going to win. There's going to be -- you know, we're going to win, you're going to beat somebody that's 15 times your size. Biden shouldn't have let that happen. Biden shouldn't have -- I mean, the man was grossly incompetent. He should have never been there.

That would have never happened. But you don't go into a war that's 15 times your size.

Say it.

That's all right, whatever it is.

Thank you very much for reading it.

I abide by the court. Yeah. I abide by the court. Yes, please. That's enough. That's enough. Go ahead.

Well, you know, we didn't take a stake in the sense that it was reported. Everyone said I bought a stake in Intel. No, I got it for free. I said -- I was with the -- is that a correct statement? Howard, was there.

Scott knew all about it. They came in, a man was charged with something by a very good person. Senator cotton made some statements about the gentleman that was running Intel. When he came in -- and I said some rough things about him. I said, I'm not happy with it and they called and he was very devastated at what I said.

I said, he should immediately resign. And he came to see me and I was very impressed by him, actually. And he made a mistake or things -- factors happened where something like this could have taken place. In the meantime, his board was staying by him. And I said to him and took about -- I would say less than 45 seconds.

I said, you know what you should do if you're smart, give the United States of America 10 percent of your company. And he looked at me and he said, I'll do that. I said, I just made $11 billion for the United States and we made the deal. I took -- I didn't pay. We didn't write a check. Now, I guess, Biden with his stupid CHIPS Act, handed money to all these people that didn't need any money.

It didn't do anything. You know, the chip -- they're giving billions of dollars to everybody. They all have so much money and they have more money, but there's no commitment that you had to build. They just took all this money. I don't know. It's the stupidest thing I've ever seen. See, with tariffs, they have to come in because if they don't come in, they can't sell into our country.

So it's power and you don't have to give up any money. But I said to him very simply, I mean, I'm glad we're straighten this out because everyone thinks I bought in. No. I said, it would be great -- we'd be a great partner for you and I want to see Intel do well. You know, Intel was a great company and it could be a great company again, but I said I think it would be good if we owned 10 percent of your company.

He said, I'll make that deal. And it happens to be worth $11 billion. So we made $11 billion for the country and then I was criticized by some of the fake news media. That's not the American way. Actually, it is the American way. Now, if I can help other countries or do those deals with -- I would do that.

I think it's great. It's good. Builds up our balance sheet. Let me tell you, our country is becoming very rich again. You don't see it. When the CBO came out on Friday and said, we just found 11 -- we just found $4 trillion and that goes to reduce our deficit, $4 trillion, and it was from the tariffs. Our country is becoming very, very rich again.

I hope you get used to it. You know, you're going to have to get used to it.

Well, we have a lot of money coming in, rebate check for the Americans, and it's coming in at tremendous numbers. Don't forget, I would say, Scott, we probably are talking about right now, 50 percent, maybe even less than that. With all the money you're hearing is coming in, you're talking about, you know, a lot of it hasn't kicked in yet.

And when it really kicks in, is in two years when these plants are built and then the money starts pouring in, right. But I mean, there's a concept of making a -- you could call it a dividend, as we would say, making a dividend to the people in this country who have had to suffer through stupid leadership.

And they paid a lot of taxes, and they got nothing for it. Or they got attacked like you were, OK, for it. No, there's a possibility.

Primarily, we want to pay down debt, but there's a possibility that we take a piece of it and pay some -- make a dividend to the people.

Doesn't matter what they say, Steve can answer it, but I can answer it too. It doesn't matter what they say. Everybody's posturing. It's all bullshit, OK? Everybody's posturing. Steve, do you have a different answer?

It's an interesting question. I found -- I was surprised when I heard how many police were here. It's not a really big area and I think they said they're down to 3,200 police or something like that. I said that's a lot of police, and I was a little bit surprised because to me that's a big force and it's not a big area, but it is what it is. There's a lot of crime.

You have a lot of -- don't forget, you have a lot of police that weren't allowed to do their job. When I came in, as you remember, we made tremendous strides in a little conflict that we had going at the time because I allowed our military to make the decision. I said you can make any decision you want. I gave it to the colonels in the field.

I gave it to the captains in the field. You remember that where everything went through Biden, meaning one of the people, and everything went through Obama before him. Everything went through -- they had to make the decision as to whether or not to attack the Taliban. So, they'd find 30 people together, they'd call up Washington and they'd go to a political hack who knew nothing about it. My first night, I got that same call, they called me and they said, we have a -- I got a call at 3:00 in the morning because I listen to their system and they were calling me and they were asking me whether or not they could attack a group of people having to do with you know what war I'm talking about.

And I said, I know nothing about this. Wait a minute, and then I said who is he? Let me speak to the people calling. They're calling from Afghanistan. And I said, let me speak to the people. I want to speak to them. And it was a colonel. I said where did you go to school, Colonel? I went to West Point, sir.

Were you a good student? I was, sir, I was a very good student. So, you're calling the White House to ask for permission to attack. And by the time you get the answer, how long does it take? Sometimes two or three weeks. So, by the time you get the answer, the people that you want to attack have already left, right?

He said, how did you know that, sir? I said, let me ask you, so you're a good student. You went to West Point, and you love the military, right. Yeah. You make the decision. And I gave all those guys that went to all these great schools and they're all military people -- I gave them the right to make their own decision, and we kicked ISIS's ass.

Don't forget, ISIS was supposed to be -- it was supposed to take five years to terminate them, and we had a man named Razin Caine, who happens to have done the whole thing in Iran, a great general and he's a wonderful guy, too, believe it or not, but he's a great soldier. We let them do their work and we defeated ISIS. We defeated everybody.

Everybody -- every fight that we had militarily that I had, I won. And I let these great soldiers -- do some make a mistake? I guess. But like this, Colonel -- I'll never forget it, where did you go to school? I went to West Point, sir. I did ask him a question. I like good students as opposed to bad students.

He said I was a good student, sir. And I said you do what's necessary. And you know, I don't want to sound overly vicious, but he wiped out the entire group of very bad people that want to kill us. So, you have to let them do their job. In Washington they're not allowed to do their job, OK. They're not allowed.

You have great police, you have great police, but they're not allowed. Hello, go ahead.

I'm always open to whatever is necessary. But here's the problem in Congress, you have Democrats that will never vote for anything. I could say that we're going to lower your taxes by 50 percent. We're going to guarantee you free cities, safe cities. Nobody will ever get touched, molested, beat up, shot in the head.

We're going to give you the greatest country ever. We need your vote, and they won't vote and they do it in unison. The only thing they do good is cheat on elections and unite. You know why they unite? Not because they're good or they're loyal people. They unite because they're afraid. They're afraid of the radical left.

And you can't get their vote. So, we have a vote coming up at the end of September. And I think we're going to pass it because we have the majority. And I think almost every Republican will vote for an extension, because no matter what deal you make with these people -- look at Schumer. He made a deal a year and a half ago.

And after making the deal, he's been almost run out of the party. He's not the same man. He's not the same man. He's finished. He aged 20 years. He's become a Palestinian by the way, we call him our great Palestinian Senator. But Chuck Schumer -- and I wrote him a letter, I said Chuck, that was really great.

Thank you very much. And somebody gave the letter to the press, not me, and he was destroyed because they thought I was being sarcastic, and I wasn't. He made a great decision. It kept our country open, it was a positive, but you can count on almost no vote. I mean, I see things, I'll give you an example, crime.

So, we're going to pass a bill to stop crime. We may not get one Democrat vote, OK? We may not get one. So, when you say continuing resolution, I guess so -- and it's going to be passed exclusively by Republicans.

Well, I love both groups and we take care of our farmers, and we also take care of the people that want bad people out of our country. And we're working on something that's going to work really well. We take care of our farmers, but we also have to take care of those people that voted for me because they don't want criminals in our country and we're working on something where we can take care of both.

That's very good. You know the answer to that. OK. Yeah, please go ahead.

He said what?

Look, this guy doesn't know what resistance is or nonviolent resistance is. He's a bad politician. It's amazing. I mean, if he didn't have the money, he wouldn't get any votes because there's no compelling reason to vote for him. He's a major loser, but it would be nice if he would call me. I would change my mind immediately.

He said -- you know, because everybody knows Chicago is a hellhole right now, everybody knows it. It's not like he's saying Chicago has much better numbers, right? Well, what's much better? You mean 100 people are going to be murdered, It's going to be much more than that. So, I would have much more respect for Pritzker if he'd call me up and say I have a problem, can you help me fix it? I would be so happy to do it. I don't love -- not that I don't have -- I have the right to do anything I want to do. I'm the president of the United States.

If I think our country is in danger, and it is in danger in these cities, I can do it. No problem going in and solving his difficulties. But it would be nice if they'd call and say, would you do it and we do it in conjunction. Now, we work very well with the police because we naturally get along with the police.

So, the police and us work really well together, whether the mayor is opposed or whether -- I mean. you have a really rotten mayor there too. He's got a 6 percent approval rating in Chicago. And I see black women wearing a red MAGA hat last night on television. Please let the president come in. My son was attacked, my this -- you have a force of black women -- black women, they're like only Trump, they want Trump to come in. And you see them, there all over the place in Chicago, because they're afraid to go out and they don't want their son or their daughter killed, just like your parents didn't want.

You killed and we have a tremendous -- look, it's not about winning elections because we want to have nice, fair elections.

It's not politics. We want to see a safe country. You have people that want to see a safe country and they're great people. You have great people in Chicago. The mayor is at six percent approval. He's an incompetent man. He should have never been put in a position like that. He can't handle it. You have an incompetent governor there.

You have an incompetent governor in California, Gavin. He's -- I know him very well. He's incompetent. He's a nice guy, looks good. Hi, everybody. How you doing? He's got some strange hand action going on. I don't know what the hell his problem is. It's a little -- it's a little weird, to be honest. There's a little -- something shaky going on there.

But you know, all he has to do is call me and say we have the Olympics coming up, we want to make it really good and safe, and I'll put some really good, great American patriots in there and you won't have any problems. Don't forget, it's loaded up with some stone-cold killers, some really bad people. Some people that were just born to be bad, they're criminals, bad criminals, dangerous.

And we can solve the problem for them very quickly, very quickly. OK. You know what I think, I think this. You have not had this happen for four years. You sat and you'd ask one question to Biden, and it was always the ice cream question, right? What flavor ice cream do you like? Best? Uh, I like, uh, vanilla, and that was the end of the conference.

I think now we've done enough. These people are very busy. I want to just thank -- this is the greatest -- this has never been done before. First of all, a cabinet meeting was sacred. You'd never let the fake news media in, but the fake news media isn't all fake. It's a lot of it, but it's not all. I think it's a great thing.

I think it's -- maybe it's going to be done in the future. I hope it's going to be done, but you really get the word out. I mean, we had -- each one of these people spoke. I think each one -- if I thought one of them did badly, I would call that person out. I would say, Kristi, what the heck are you doing?

No, but -- but no, seriously, you have a very talented group of people. They get along. They work along together and there's something really nice about just, you know, the openness of what we're doing. It's government. It's an open government. That's what we are.

And we haven't made too many mistakes. We maybe will, but we haven't made too many mistakes. We've called it right and I think you can be very proud of your country. We are a respected country again. We are really, right now, respected at the highest level and we're doing great. And we're a very rich country again, very rich.

And that's a good thing because when we're rich, we can take care of poor and that's what we're doing and we're taking care of crime. And I hope -- just in finishing, I hope that Illinois, I hope that New York, I hope that California, I hope they call me and they say, I'd love to have you come in and help us out.

I will be a totally different person with them. I will respect them for doing it. Thank you all very much.

Thank you, everybody.