National Fraternal Order of Police Executive Board representing nearly 400,000 officers nationwide and they were with me right from the beginning and we appreciate it. We won't forget. Your members are the backbone of American law enforcement and we're deeply grateful for your service and you have done great service indeed.

We're also joined by our great Attorney General Pam Bondi. Thank you, Pam.

Thank you for being here. For generations, this institution has served as a powerful voice for the brave men and women who risk their lives to protect communities all over our country and they do it as well as anybody or better. I was delighted to earn your endorsement in every one of my presidential campaigns, where we did very well, record-setting well.

And I'm proud to stand with you today as the most police president, I would say without question, in the history of America. I don't think anybody's been more for the police than I am. In recent years, far left radicals have vilified and targeted our nation's police with Marxist prosecutors and soft on crime politicians, making it impossible for you to do your jobs and do them the way you want to do them and only you know how to do them.

Under the Trump administration, those days are over. We're backing the men in blue and we're backing the blue. Very honestly, we have some of the greatest people in the country sitting right around this table. We've ended the use of lawfare against police officers and terminated unjustified federal consent decrees.

I signed an executive order directing the Department of Justice to provide legal protection and financial support for officers targeted by very frivolous lawsuits. Oh, I know about frivolous lawsuits better than you do. I can tell you. I had my share of them. I ordered other federal agencies to boost funding for police recruitment, retention and pay.

And I've asked Attorney General Bondi to pursue the death penalty for anyone convicted of killing a police officer, which is very appropriate. Upon taking office, I declared a national emergency on our southern border and we reduced the number of illegal border crossers released into the United States by 99.999 percent.

You can't do much better than that. We've removed thousands of violent criminal, illegal aliens from our communities as part of the largest deportation effort in American history. And just a few months into office, the national murder rate has plummeted by 28 percent. It's going down because of, largely because of what you're doing.

I'm also deeply grateful to the National Fraternal Order of Police for its resounding endorsement of the One Big, Beautiful Bill, which is moving along very nicely with great support. It's a great bill. It's a bill that's going to cut taxes more than any bill we've ever put in the history of our country.

It's going to cut costs and expenses by $1.6 trillion, which is the biggest cut in expenses ever. And it's going to do so many other things. You know, our country is doing record business right now. Record investment is coming in, close to $15 trillion is already committed to come in for building new plants and factories.

AI is big. Apple is investing $500 billion plus. They're all coming in. It also includes the largest investment in border security in our nation's history, equipping law enforcement with the tools to stop the invasion. I built a lot of wall, hundreds of miles of wall. Now we're going to build some additional wall, where we feel we probably should build it after a little trial and error.

And we're going to end up building more wall than even I built and we built a lot. So I want to thank you for your support and now let's get the bill passed. We want to get it passed through Congress without delay. In everything we do, we will give our police the respect and the protection and all of the resources that you need.

I did that. As you know, nobody wanted to do it before me where I gave you the military equipment that was excess, they called it excess military equipment. You know that very well. I think every one of you benefited by that. It was in warehouses, billions of dollars' worth in warehouses all over the country and other presidents didn't want to give it to you.

I did and we gave it to you and it helped out a lot and saved a lot of police officers' lives. I'd now like to ask Attorney General, Pam Bondi to say a few words followed by FOP National President Patrick Yoes; and then Washington, DC FOP Trustee Gregg Pemberton and Vice President of the Fraternal Order of Police Joe Gamaldi.

All great people. Thank you very much. Pam, thank you very much.

Thank you. Thanks, Pam.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Very nice. Yes. We're going to have a little discussion now, very private, and I just want to thank you all for being here. And thank you very much, media. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.