Looks Looks like a nice group, are we all ready? Everybody set? Thank you very much, uh, it's a great honor to be with Prime Minister Ishiba of Japan. He's a highly respected man, doing a fantastic job. The people of Japan like him a lot, that's good, and, uh, it's a real honor to have him on the Oval Office.

This is the first time he's been into the Oval Office and when people come in here, the first time they psyche -- they like to look for a little while and, uh, and he did, and it, it was, this represents some of our best presidents and, but it represents a lot of other things also, but up on the wall we have some of our best presidents over the years.

And people enjoy it very much and enjoy being here, and it's a great honor to have you, thank you very much.

Thank you very much that was beautiful, and I just want to say that Shinzo was a great friend of mine, so sad I was -- I couldn't have felt worse when that happened to him, that horrible event, but he also was a friend of yours and he had tremendous respect for you. And we'll talk about the different people in Japan, he had tremendous respect for you, as does Mrs.

Abe. And, uh, when she came and visited at Mar-a-Lago, uh, she was uh terrifically impressed by the job you're doing and I thought it was very nice but Shinzo had tremendous regard for you and I know that you were a good friend of his too so it's just an honor on his behalf even to say it's just an honor to be with all of you.

He was a good friend of mine, he was a wonderful man.

Well, thank you very much and we're going to be working on that, and I think your auto factories are going to do very well, we have a lot of, uh, companies coming into the United States to build autos because of what we've done with taxation, and, uh, I know they're gonna do very well, and say hello to Mr. Toyoda, whose somebody I met over there and, and became friendly with, terrific man.

All of, uh, all of these people, so great, such a great country. We do want to work on the deficit, we have about a $100 billion deficit with Japan, which I'm not surprised because you're very good negotiators, I will say, but we want to work on that and get that down to even. Equality, I call it, let's be equal.

So I, I think we'll be able to do that pretty easily and that's pretty much what I want to, uh, do, I wanna get other countries also to equality with the United States in terms of deficits, and I think we'll be able to do that very routinely. Okay.

Uh, that'll always be a topic especially with Japan, we will be discussing North Korea and many other things, we'll be spending pretty much the day, and, but that's always a topic.

No, I think we're going to be discussing that today. Now, I haven't, and I hear we'll have some pretty good information on that. You might want to go please.

Have you?

Okay.

Yes, they are.

I'll be announcing that next week, reciprocal trade, so that we're treat evenly with other countries. We don't want any more or any less, uh, so I'll be announcing that next week and, uh, many other things having to do not even with trade but other things but other things. But, uh, I'll be talking about reciprocal trade sometime next week, we'll have a news conference and we'll lay it out pretty simple.

It affects everybody, and reciprocal, yeah, we'll be talking about that next week.

Correct.

We'll be having, I think it'll be very easy for Japan, we have a fantastic relationship. I don't think we'll have any problem whatsoever, they want fairness also.

No. Is Time Magazine still in business, I didn't even know that?

Elon is doing a great job, uh, he's finding tremendous fraud, and corruption, and waste. Uh, you see it with the USAID, but you're going to see it even more so with other agencies and other parts of government. He's got a staff that's fantastic, he's wanted to be able to do this for a long time, and everybody else knew it was existent but I think never so much when you look at USAID, that's a, uh, that's a fraud, the whole thing is a fraud.

Very little, very little being put to good use. Every single line that I look at in terms of events and transactions is either corrupt or ridiculous, and we're going to be doing that throughout government and I think we're going to be very close to balancing budgets for the first time in many years, I think we're going to be very close to, uh, in, in addition to monies coming in from tariffs etc., etc.

but no, he's doing a very good job, I'm very happy with him.

Oh, sure, he'll be, he is, he's not shy, Elon's not shy.

No, no deliberations, it's been very well received where basically the United States would view it as a real estate transaction where we'll be an investor in that part of the world. And no rush to do anything, we wouldn't need anybody there, it would be supplied and given to us by Israel, they'll watch it. In terms of security, we're not talking about boots on the ground or anything but I think we'll, the fact that we're there, that we have an investment there I think would, uh, go a long way to creating peace.

Uh, we don't want to see everybody move back and then move out in 10 years, this has been going on for 50 years, much more than that, uh, we just want to see stability. That would be having us have, uh, that particular piece in that particular location. I think it would show great stability and would, would lead to great stability in the area for very little money, very little price, uh, and we wouldn't need soldiers at all, that would be taken care of by others, and the investment stuff taken care off by others as well.

So, so for no investment, I mean virtually no investment whatsoever, it would bring stability to the area and others can invest in it later on, but we're in no rush on it, there's absolutely no rush.

On where?

No, I think it's happening, I mean, it's, uh, it's a technology that's happening, it's very, it's actually, I think it's, I think we're going to benefit if it's correct what's going on now, that it will be a lot less expensive, the AI we're talking about will be a lot less expensive than people originally thought.

That's a good thing, I view that as a very good development not a bad development.

Auto -- tariff?

Oh, yeah, sure, that's on the table, that's always on the table. It's a very big deal because we are, you know, we have cases where we don't supply autos and other countries do, and, you know, we have to equalize it, we have to stabilize it and equalize.

I will probably be meeting with President Zelenskyy next week, and I've, I will probably talking to President Putin. I'd like to see that war end for one primary reason, they're killing so many people, you're losing millions of people on a battlefield. In this case, mostly the battlefield you have 800,000 or 900,000 Russian soldiers are dead or and very badly wounded, and the same thing with uh Ukraine, you have probably 700,000 with Ukraine.

The numbers they gave were a little bit lower than that but I, I believe those numbers aren't correct. I'd like to see it end just on a human basis. It's terrible what's going on, they have open fields with no protection, the only thing a bullet can hit is a human body and the human body dies as soon as it gets hit.

Now I'd like to see that end, it's a ridiculous war, would have never started if I were president, that war would have never, never started. Putin would not have started that war if I were president, and by the way, you wouldn't have had October 7th if I Was President either, that mess would not have started.

But no, I would very much like to uh help out. One of the things we're looking at with President Zelenskyy is, uh, having the security of their assets, they have assets underground, rare earth and other thing, but primarily rare earth, and we want to have secure, really we want security because as you know, uh, Europe is putting up much less money than us, much, NATO, Europe, call it whatever you want and we're at probably $300 billion plus and they're at probably the real number is $100 billion.

That's a lot of money, but it's $200 billion less than us and there's an ocean between, and they need it more than us so we're asking them to equalize and get even, but we're also asking President Zelenskyy for, uh, the security of, you know, we're putting all this money up and we're saying, "Where does it stop?" And yet we want to see it out to an end, we want to see it end, but we are going to be asking for the security, and we've already told him, uh, of an equal amount of something where our money, I mean, American taxpayer's in for $300 billion.

Biden never negotiated, he never told Europe to put in more money, and it got out of hand just like NATO. NATO, we were in, we were paying almost 100% of NATO when I first came in, everybody was taking advantage of the good old United States but not anymore. So what, uh, and now if you speak to the Secretary General of NATO, he was very nice when he was here two weeks ago, he said, "What Trump did was amazing, he got everybody to pay." And to do that, you have to ask, and Biden never asked so we're in for probably close to $200 billion more than Europe and yet obviously it affects Europe much more than us. So we would like them to stay -- to, to equalize, they have to go more, and from our standpoint we do want security and all this money that we're putting up.

He may, he may meet next week, yeah, whenever he'd like, I'm here. I mean -- could be in Wash -- Well, I'm not going there if it's a --

It could be, uh, it could be. We, uh, we've always had a good relationship, President Putin and I have always had a good relationship, that's why it's so sad that it happened. This would have never happened if I were president, it's so sad to see it happen, so many dead people. By the way, so many cities are demolished, they're like you talk about Gaza, well, take a look at Ukraine, so many of those cities are demolition sites, demolished, so sad, should have never happened.

All those beautiful golden domes, but much more importantly, all those beautiful people, are dead, and it should have never happened. Thank you very much everybody.