Okay, very good. We're going to sign some executive orders. They -- uh, very important in just about every case. And it -- we'll go through the first one, please.

Do you want to say your name, your full name and serial number.

David is one of the greatest in the world at AI, most respected probably there is. So, that should take us to the forefront, right?

Ok. Thank you. Thank you and this, David, is --

Which is really going up, right?

All right, David, that's for you.

You find them exciting? They might not be excited, but they're going to make a lot of money for the country.

And so is David. You have to check him out. There's nobody like this guy. They said how did you get David Sacks; how did you do that? And he's doing it for the country more than anything else. So, we appreciate it, David. Thank you very much.

Good. Do you want to explain that a little bit?

Good, that's great.

I love the Lumbee Tribe. So, this is their first big step, right?

Yeah, they were with me all the way. They were great, North Carolina, Lumbee Tribe. OK, you'll send them a copy of that.

They were great. Ok.

Yeah, let's do that.

Do you know how many?

23 people that were prosecuted, they should not have been prosecuted. Many of many of them are elderly people. They should not have been prosecuted. This is a great honor to sign this. They'll be very happy. So, they're all in prison now?

It's ridiculous. Ok.

That's a big one, huh? A lot of people are waiting for this -- for a long -- for years, for decades. And everything will be revealed. OK? give that to RFK, Jr.

OK. OK. Thank you very much.

No. Obviously we'll appeal it. They put it before a certain judge in Seattle, I guess, right? And there's no surprises with that judge.

And no surprises there, it's too bad. It's just the way -- the way it is, too bad.

Well, I'd take a look at that. I listened to John Thune. He's doing a fantastic job. We're moving along. The Democrats are trying to delay government, as they always do, they can't help themselves. Even John Ratcliffe, who's very, very strong, very popular and liked by the Democrats. I guess he gets a lot of democrat votes.

That's taken a long time, and it shouldn't be taking a long time. They're maxing everything out so they can delay everything as much as possible.

I'd be willing to use recess appointments. It's up to John. We'll see. And John Thune is a great guy, a great senator and knows his stuff inside out and backwards. But I would use recess appointments if he wants to do that. Absolutely.

The Democrats are just delaying. They always delay.

Who?

Great.

$600 billion, I'll ask them for a trillion.

If they do that, I would -- yeah, I would be glad to do that. I did it, as you know, four years ago we did $450 billion, meaning the money all goes to American companies and they purchase jets, and they purchase computers and everything else. And we did $450 billion, and I guess we're at $600 billion, $650 billion.

I'll see if I can talk him into it again.

No, no, I think he's great, but it's a very tricky place. It's very tricky and we'll see. And if it -- if something does happen, they will not be happy.

No, but he's certainly somebody I would use. He's done a fantastic job. He's a great negotiator. He's a very good person, great -- a very popular person, gets along with people. I have great negotiators; they have no personality whatsoever and then have some that do. Steve has a wonderful way about him and people like him.

And even in this case both sides like him and he was able to make a deal. That deal would have never been made without Steve. The Biden people couldn't make the deal. They were working on it for a year and a half. They couldn't make a deal; we got it done prior to the inauguration. We said it has to be before the inauguration.

I mean the deal should hold, but if it doesn't hold, there'll be a lot of problems.

I don't know if they do, but they're putting up the money. The government is not putting up anything. They're putting up money. They're very rich people. So, I hope they do. And I mean Elon doesn't like one of those people. So --

No, no, no. It's going to create tremendous numbers of jobs. It's going to also create a lot of benefits medically for cancer research and other things. It's going to have a huge positive impact. And we want to be ahead of China. We're right now way ahead of China. David Sacks is one of the all-time experts, you know, that people are amazed that he -- you just met him.

I don't know if he's still here. Oh, there he is. But one of the most respected people in that world, it's a world -- that's a whole different world. And we're ahead of China now because of what I'm doing, and I think it's going to be very successful.

We're protecting them. They're not protecting us, we're protecting them. So, I don't think we should be spending -- I'm not sure we should be spending anything, but we should certainly be helping them. But they should up their 2 percent to 5 percent. Yeah.

I'd like to see them come down a lot and oil prices will come down. And when oil prices come down, everything is going to be cheaper for the American people and actually for the world, but for the American people. So, I'd like to see oil prices come down. And when the energy comes down that's going to knock out a lot of the inflation that's going to automatically bring the interest rates down.

No. It just works that way. I mean it just economically works that way. When the oil comes down, it will bring down prices, then you won't have inflation and then the interest rates will come down.

Well, I would put in a strong statement.

Yeah.

At the right time I would.

I don't know, I'm sure that they probably would like to -- I did them something important, but what they did is they were protesting a crooked election. And I mean, people understand that also and they were treated very badly. Nobody's been treated like that. So, I'd be open to it, certainly. I don't know of anything like that, but I think they're going to meet in some of the congress people, congressmen, women want to meet.

But, I'd certainly be open to it.

I haven't spoken to any of them yet, but I know they're very happy. I gave them their life back. Their life was taken away from them unnecessarily and unfairly. I gave them their life back. So, I can imagine they probably would like to.

Well, he did. I think he did, because he pardoned all these people that are crooked as hell. Look, the congressmen, they're crooked. What they did is they destroyed evidence. When you destroy evidence, especially criminally like that. They did it criminally. And the reason they destroyed the evidence is because it proved that I was right.

They didn't destroy evidence for no reason, they destroyed it because they found many documents saying that I offered 10,000 soldiers. If they had 500 soldiers or National Guard, there would have been no problem. If they had 200 that would have been -- I offered 10,000 If they needed them, there would have been no problem.

That's been now totally disproven and it's also been disproven by Nancy Pelosi's daughter, who has her on tape saying it was her fault, that she has full responsibility for this. But -- and they have all that stuff. They destroyed everything, and they go through a year and a half, two years of nonsense. They come up with tremendous evidence and they destroyed evidence.

And Schiff knew about it, that's why he's on there. He knew all about the destruction of evidence. A lot of people said he's the one that got them to do it, and he's a crooked guy, a totally crooked politician. And so, he's pardoned, and some other people are pardoned, and these are crooked politicians, every one of them.

Benny Johnson, what he did is incredible. I mean, he was the leader of the committee, and he did it. Cheney, Adam Kinzinger, all of them. They destroyed evidence and deleted everything. There's nothing -- there's no evidence now. They're crooked politicians and they should be punished. You know, that's -- even in a civil trial, you go to jail for a thing like that.

They destroyed every document from what I understand, every document because it proved that I was totally innocent.

Yeah, southern border?

You said southern border. When I said 10,000 troops, I was referring to the capital.

You've got to look; I was referring to the -- I offered 10,000 troops for the capital before January 6th.

Making sure that the border is safe and secure and that criminals don't come into our country.

I don't know. But I think he should make a deal.

No, it doesn't. He hates one of the people in the deals.

No, no. Well, I've spoken to Elon, but I've spoken to all of them actually. No, the people in the deal are very, very smart people. But Elon, one of the people he happens to hate, but I have certain hatreds of people too.

Which one?

China?

They have a lot of power over Russia. They supply energy to Russia. And Russia supplies energy to them, they supply other things too. It's really a very big trade. It's a very big trading partner, but Russia supplies a lot of energy to China that China pays them a lot of money for that. And I think they have a lot of power over Russia.

So, I think Russia should want to make a deal. Maybe they want to make a deal. I think, from what I hear, Putin would like to see me, and we'll meet as soon as we can. I'd meet immediately. Every day we don't meet soldiers are being killed on the battlefield. And that battlefield is like no battlefield since World War II, that's --

-- and I have pictures that you don't want to see. Soldiers are being killed on a daily basis at numbers that we haven't seen in decades. It would be nice to end that war. It's a ridiculous war.

Well, sure. He's ready to negotiate a deal. He'd like to stop. He's somebody that lost a lot of soldiers. And so did Russia, lost a lot -- Russia lost more soldiers, they lost 800,000 soldiers. Would you say that's a lot? I'd say it's a lot.

I haven't heard.

Well, we'll see what happens, but they can't shoot down our ships. The Houthis, they can't shoot down our ships or any ships and that's what they've been doing. So, they're on the terror list. That's not good for them.

Well, the same reason I do. When you have protection, you can't have it for the rest of your life. Do you want to have a large detail of people guarding people for the rest of their lives? I mean, there's risks to everything.

Say it.

Well, I'm not going to answer that -- obviously, I'm not going to answer that question. We'll have to see. I'm going to be meeting with various people over the next couple of days and we'll see. But hopefully that can be worked out without having to worry about it. It would be nice -- it would really be nice if that could be worked out without having to go that further step.

Well, I'd rather not say that. But very high-level people, but hopefully that can be worked out. You know, look, Iran hopefully will make a deal. And if they don't make a deal, I guess that's Ok too.

With regard to interest rates?

Because I think I know interest rates much better than they do. And I think I know certainly much better than the one who's primarily in charge of making that decision. But no, I'm guided by them very much, but if I disagree, I will let it be known.

Well, China is already paying a lot of tariffs because of me. And when you add them up, I'd say they're paying a lot. They've paid hundreds of billions of dollars. They never paid $0.10 until I came along. When I came along, they pay hundreds of -- they've paid hundreds of billions of dollars, never paid anything.

And so, they've already started at a higher base.

It's Mexico and Canada, but we're talking about China too. Look, China is sending us tremendous amounts of bad drugs, fentanyl, really bad stuff. Most of it comes through Mexico and we're losing I think 300,000 lives a year because of that. People say 150,000, 100,000, 120,000. I think 300,000 lives a year.

Those are old numbers. The lower number is a low number, and we can't have that. They've got to stop sending it. I had a deal with President Xi, but it was a deal that wasn't followed up by Biden of course, where they were going to issue the death penalty to people that make fentanyl and that would have stopped it. But we'll have to stop it with tariffs.

Ok, thank you very much, everybody.