So I thought this was so professional and so well done, that you should come and look at it as opposed to standing around and not knowing where we are. And we're just taking tourists through the areas where they stay and the areas where the medical is and all. And they've really done between Kristi, and Ron, and the whole group, it's really government working together.

And, uh, congratulations, you two  -- but I want you to see it as opposed to waiting for us and then say, "How was it?" Right? It really is, uh, pretty amazing. Did they take the vote yet? How's the vote doing? How the vote?

I would normally be home, waiting for the vote.

Or be in Congress.

But I wanted to come down.

It's okay with me.

Sadly.

And they may be prosecuted also for having given false reports --

-- on the attack in Iran.

They were given totally false reports.

It was totally obliterated. And our people have to be celebrated. Not come home and say, "What do you mean we didn't hit the targets?"

We hit the target  -- you know, the pilots came home and they said, "We hit the target first." So they may be very well --

-- uh, prosecuted for that. What they did there we think is totally illegal. Okay, let's go. Follow us.

See what I mean? It's, uh, an amazing job. You've all done a great job. Proud of you.

Well, the first thing he should do is come here and learn something, because they don't do this. They don't know, they wouldn't know where to begin. And if they did it, it would trust him a hundred times more. So I would say he should call the governor and Kristi, and I'm sure you'd give him, uh, because he --

-- his, his state is a disaster, and he doesn't do this. We know --

Yeah.

No.

Yeah.

We're not, we're not gonna let him get anywhere near Alcatraz. It'll cost, uh, a hundred times more than they thought. Now he ought really, he ought to come here and study this, because he could learn a lot. Yes?

They have the doctors, they have --

-- all the professional people --

This air condition feels good in here, to be honest, yes.

Hey.

Biden wanted me in here. Okay? That

He wanted me, didn't work out that way, but he wanted me in here, that son of a --

Well, a lot of things, and they're both telling me that, uh, these people come in here, they wanna go home, and they wanna go home. So we immediately send them home. You know, where it's appropriate. Now, if somebody's a real killer, killer, we --

-- don't send them anywhere. We put them in a maximum security. And look, what we inherited from this guy, this incompetent man and his administration, which wasn't incompetent. It was radical left, lunatic, communists, whatever you want to say. I know most of them. Uh, what we inherited should never ever be forgot, what they'd made us do. This is all because of an open border policy where 25 million people float in from all over the world, from prisons, from all over the world, they float in. For no reason whatsoever.

We had, you know, when I left, we had a very powerful border. We had no problem. He opened it up day one, he just opened the border. People couldn't believe it. They were standing there. What are they doing? They said, "Go in." That's the day, you look at the first day tapes. They opened it up and they said, "Go in." And that's where all of this began.

But, uh, this is an amazing thing that they've done here. Really is.

And there is a lot of self --

-- deportation.

People wouldn't believe that.

Yeah.

If they do that, they can come back legally --

-- after a period.

Yeah.

-- we wanna take care of our farmers and hotel workers and various other people. And we're working on it right now, and Ron's gonna be involved. And you're involved --

-- already. So we have a case where, a lot of cases where ICE will go onto a farm. Uh, usually guys working there for 10, 15 years. No problem. The farmers know them. We're gonna put, it's called farmer responsibility, or owner responsibility, where they're gonna be largely responsible for these people. And they know these people.

They've worked in, on the farms for 15 years, and all of a sudden they're, so I have a great, uh, Ron does, Kristi does, we have a great feeling for the farmer and for others in the same position. And we're gonna give them responsibility for people and we're gonna have a system of signing them up so they don't have to go. They can be here legally.

They can pay taxes and everything else. They're not getting citizenship, but they get other things and the farmers need them to do the work. Without those people, you're not gonna be able to run your farm.

I didn't notice.

I didn't notice you.

I would say it's a 10.

I think it's a 10, maybe 9, 9, but it's a -- like a couple of little woes.

So maybe a 10.

I think we have a 10. We, we --

We get a long great.

Other issues, yeah.

Very far. Yeah, very far. But he wants it too, I'll tell you. He's coming here next week. Uh, he wants to end it too. We had a tremendous success with Iran. Uh, they weren't happy. Somebody said, uh, when are you gonna sign? Said, sign? They are so bombed out. Did you see the report issued this morning? The place was decimated.

Uh, it'll be years before anybody even gets down there. Uh, so that's not a priority. But we'll have a report and we'll have a -- whatever we want. We'll get from whatever we want from Iran. And I think, and I hope they wanna have a good country. You know, they have massive sanctions right now. Fighting sanctions.

It's gonna be very hard for them to do anything with those sanctions. And I look forward to maybe there'll be a time when we get along with 'em and they can rebuild their country. Would, would be nice.

Well, he wants to. I can tell you he wants to. And I think we'll have it. I think we'll have a deal next week. That's what I think.

Will I do something about who it's going to be?

I don't know. Hey, he'd be a good candidate.

Might just, hey.

She'd be a good candidate than Jim. Anybody would be better than --

-- Jim Powell.

No, he's causing us a fortune because he keeps the rate way up. I think it's from derangement syndrome, personally, but, you know, we have a very strong country. We're, we're the strongest country. Look, our country right now is at a level that we haven't seen for 40, 50 years. What we're doing now is -- nobody's seen anything like it. Uh, I, I told you I was with -- in the Middle East, the king of Saudi Arabia said to me very strongly, he said, you know what?

A year ago you had a dead country. Now you have the hottest country in the world. We do. We have the hottest country in the world. Thank you very much, everybody.

Uh, we'll be seeing it over the next couple of weeks.

Also.

Those type of industries.