They won't pick it up properly, but it's so sad. Go ahead.

Could you, captain, say a few words about how ridiculous this has been that you had to live like this? American Samoa.

And tell them how large an area we're talking about.

The high seas would mean more danger, right? Is there more danger in the high seas?

So, how -- how far do you have to travel to get -- to fish?

That's a little bit, I'd say.

So, you'll travel from four to seven days.

Just to get to the area that you're allowed to fish. And is that as fertile an area as the area that you're not allowed to fish in or?

So, they took away very fertile grounds.

This is so crazy. What would you like to say? Go ahead. It's such an honor to do this for these people. This is just crazy. Just tell me, when did this start? When was it -- when did it --

And they just one day just took away three Californias.

It s such an honor to do this. You know, normally I say things, and it's nice and everything's good. You get more water in the shower head and things like that.  But this is such an honor. What they've done to you people this is incredible. It's like -- it's so terrible. When you have to travel four days in a boat to fish -- and it's usually seven days I was told before, but four days to seven days in order to fish.

And you were there a long time before we were, right?

Like -- yeah, thousands of years I was going to say.

So, what's the difference? You say canned tuna?

Yeah, but the same tuna.

So, albacore is canned tuna, right?

I know that from --

Well, it's been around for millions of years.

Long before us

That's great.

You know, they shut down also areas off Maine, you know, the Maine lobster.

Yes, I think we're going to have to open that one up really quickly too. But we did it. And then after the election, which was totally rigged, they went out and they -- they put it back again. It was like 500 square miles or some ridiculous thing like that. And Canada fish is there, but we're not allowed to -- can you imagine.

They restricted it, but Canada fishes it. Please?

So This is a big thing that's going on right now.

99.5 percent? But what about the other half a point?

That's unbelievable.

It's going to be many more -- I mean, you're going to be able to do much more business, I would think, right?

Tell us what happens when you say China and other people steal your fish.

In other words, you're forced to go to areas that are very dangerous.

And what about the stealing of your fish?

And what happens?

Does anybody -- I mean, it's so interesting. Even you have to find this one interesting. So, by doing this, we're going to give you back your lives. And you've been doing this for thousands of years in this area.

Along comes Biden and Obama and they -- they say you can't do it anymore, right? This is --

What's the level of popular -- and this is a risky question, but what's the level of popularity of Trump on Samoa versus the Democrats?

For Trump?

Well, it's an honor. I'm not doing it for that. I'm doing it because it's just an honor. Here's one of the boats out there. Look, how beautiful that is. Now, they use it for beautiful crews that take seven days before they can do the first fish. Can you believe that? So, now you'll be able to do it like almost immediately, right?

Do you know through sonar radar everything, do you know where the fish are? I mean, can you see them?

It's a beautiful life. You wouldn't choose any other life, right?

I mean if you could have a life like some beautiful leisurely life in Washington, DC --  Mugged when you go to work. But other than that, you love politics. If you could live in the White House, you'd take exactly what --

All right. Let's do this, right? It's an honor. You've seen that signature, and I don't use autopen, you know, like Biden. Biden uses autopen.

And what is the second one please?

How long will that take?

You know what the regular -- I mean, you know exactly what we're talking about already, right? It's crazy, the regulation.

Howard, please. Go ahead.

So, could I ask -- it's so interesting. So, you take these massive areas of water, and other countries are allowed to fish in them, right?

So, they're not allowed, but they do it because they don't care.

So, they're totally benefiting.

That's great.

OK.

This is an easy one.

Hi, mom. This is an easy one. This is crazy, huh?

OK. So, in Maine, they do something similar. I think it's like 500 miles or something -- some crazy thing. And Canada goes, and they fish there. Other people fish there. Europe fishes there. The Maine lobster. You can't get Maine lobsters because Maine -- so Maine's forced to go for days out to some other area that's not as good.

Um, we have to free that up, too.

The Maine lobster, right?

It's incredible.

Think of it. Canada fishes there, but we're not allowed to, Yeah, I did it last time in Maine, and they undid it. That's why we have to stay president for a long time. OK? Thank you, everybody. What an honor. It's a great honor. Thank you, sir.

Thank you very much.

It's a great job.

Beautiful.

Looks like a real athlete right here.

Well, you're just telling me that for the first time. I am so happy. I think the case has been so misunderstood. That case, birthright citizenship, is about slavery. If you look at the details of it, the signings of it, everything else, that case is all about slavery. And if you view it from that standpoint, people understand it. But for some reason, lawyers don't talk about it. The news doesn't talk about it. That's not about tourists coming in and touching a piece of sand and all of a sudden, their citizenship -- you know, they're a citizen.

That is all about slavery. And even look at the dates on which it was signed. It was right at that era during right after the Civil War. And if you look at it that way, the case is an easy case to win. And I hope the lawyers talk about birthright citizenship and slavery because that's what it was all about, and it was a very positive.

It was meant to be positive, and they use it now instead -- not for slavery. They use it for people that come into our country, and they walk in and all of a sudden, they become citizens, and they pay a lot of money to different cartels and others. It's all about slavery, and if you look at it that way, we should win that case.

OK.

Well, I must tell you, I have to refer again to the lawyers. I'll have to do what they ask me to do. I had heard that there were a lot of things about a certain gentleman -- perhaps it was that gentleman that would make that case be a case that's easily winnable on appeal. So, we'll just have to see. I'm going to have to respond to the lawyers.

Well, I'm going to have to -- look, I'm a big advocate of the Second Amendment. I have been from the beginning. I protected it. And these things are terrible. But the gun doesn't do the shooting, the people do. It's, you know, a phrase that's used probably too often. I will tell you that, uh, it's a shame.

I'm just hearing about it now. I just hear about it. I know the area very well. I know the school very well. I know everything about it. It's Florid. And we'll have more to say about it later on --

Only in terms of what happened. Uh, as far as legislation is concerned, this has been going on for a long time. I have an obligation to protect the Second Amendment. I ran on the Second Amendment among many other things, and I will always protect the Second Amendment.

Well, I was invited by the king and by the country. Great country to -- they're going to do a second, as you know, a second fest, and that's what it is. It's a fest, and it's beautiful. And it's the first time it's ever happened to one person. And the reason is that we have two separate terms, and it's an honor to be -- you know, I'm a friend of Charles.

I have great respect for King Charles and the family, William. We, uh, we have, uh -- it's really just a great respect for the family, and it's a very great honor that, uh -- and I think they're setting a date for September.

Yeah, they say that it's going to be, uh -- I don't know how it can be bigger than the last one. The last one was, as you know, is incredible, but they say it's going to be even more important. So, that's a great honor to be so chosen.

It could be, but I doubt it. I mean, I think we're going to view it separately. We want US steel to remain in the hands of the United States and people from the United States. And a great respect for Japan but we don't want a foreign country buying US steel. US steel was one of our great companies of the world when you go back 80 years, and it was the biggest, strongest, most powerful company in the world.

And we're going to make it very strong and powerful again without Nippon. But if Nippon wants to come in -- and I hear they're working on it very hard. I have great respect for Nippon Steel. I know a lot about it. But we can -- they can invest, and they can do lots of things, partnerships. But we want to have US steel remain in this country.

I guess. We could talk about it with regard to tariffs, Howard. I mean, it's something that could be a part of it. But tariff negotiations are actually simpler than that. I mean, we're going to set a number, and people are going to pay that number, or they're going to decide to go elsewhere. If there is such a place.

There really is no elsewhere I think.

So, you know, I had dinner last night with a lot of pastors and ministers and people of faith, and they were like 32 of them. And it was beautiful in the blue room. And they said, sir, I was targeted by the IRS, and the FBI came in, sir, and I've been going through hell for years. And somebody overheard that statement, and they said, oh, that happened to me, too.

Another one overheard. Oh, that happened to me, too. It was the Biden people, and they had seven or eight of them. We re going to be reporting it very soon. I said this has to be reported. These are ministers, pastors, uh, evangelicals. They were targeted by the Biden administration, which was a disgraceful administration.

Well, I was targeted more than anybody in history. I think you probably know that. I hope you admit it, but you might not. But I was targeted more than anybody in history. But it was interesting because one pastor told me and another one, heard it, oh me, too, and me, too, me, too, me, too. All of a sudden, they're all -- and one of them spent all of his money, everything he had on lawyers for three years.

He said it took place almost immediately after the election, after the election when Biden came in, unfortunately for the country, sadly for the country. So, when you asked me that question, I immediately say let's switch it around to tell you what happened last night. And not only that. We're also finding that many people just having to do with Trump's support have gone through hell, and they've used the IRS for purposes of something that's very illegal for them to have to --

It's a very illegal -- it's a very, very illegal thing to do what they did. And I think it's so -- I think it's such a shame. That was long what?

Because I think Harvard's a disgrace. I think what they did was a disgrace. They're obviously anti-Semitic, and all of a sudden, they're starting to behave. But when you see where they -- what they were saying, what they were doing, when you see the way they took care of events, when you -- when you watch that woman, that horrendous president that ruined the image of Harvard maybe permanently in Congress and the halls of Congress.

When you take a look at what happened there, it's, uh, it was horrific. And, you know, I've looked at a lot having to do with it. I'm not involved in it. Being handled by lawyers. I read about it just like you did. But tax-exempt status, I mean, it's a privilege. It's really a privilege, and it's been abused by a lot more than Harvard.

By a lot more than Harvard. So, we'll see how that all works out. I don't think they've made -- I don't think they've made a final ruling. I don't believe they've made a final ruling, but it's, uh, it's something that these schools really have to be very, very careful with, uh. Very anti-Semitic when you take a look, whether it's Columbia, Harvard, Princeton.

I don't know what's going on, but when you see how badly they've acted -- and in other ways also. So, we'll -- uh, we'll be looking at it very strongly.

Well, we'll be -- we'll be making some statements, but it's a big deal. And, uh, they're so rich and so strong, and then they go so bad. They've earned so much by being a member of this country and a member of this group, this beautiful group of people in this country, and then they go, and they abuse their power like that.

I think it's -- you know, I think it's very sad.

Could be. Could be. I mean, look, environmentally -- I have a group named Crew. Crew. Did you ever hear of it? I think it's C-R-E-W. And they have a guy that heads Crew. It's supposed to be a charitable organization. The only charity they had is going after Donald Trump. So, we're looking at that. We're looking at a lot of things, but if you take a look at Crew, what they've done -- and I think it was a very big abuse, but we're going to be finding out pretty soon.

Well, you don't know whether or not they've happened.

Yeah, I mean, I've never said whether or not they've happened, but I have a very good relationship with President Xi. I think it's going to continue. And I would say they have reached out a number of times --

Well, the way I view it very similar. It would be top levels of China. And if you knew him, you would know that if they reached out, he knew exactly -- he knew everything about it. He runs a very tight, very strong, very smart, and, you know, we're talking to China --

Excuse me?

Oh, yeah, sure.

A lot. All the time we re talking.

I don't want to say that. It's just not appropriate.

Well, you'd think it was pretty obvious that he has, but we will talk about that soon. It's not that important because, honestly, we're going to have a deal. I believe we're going to have a deal with China. And if we don't, we're going to have a deal anyway because we're going to set a certain target, and that's going to be it. Do you have anything to say about that, Howard?

And by the way, there's never been anything like it. We have at least $7 trillion of new businesses coming in. If you go back and look at others, I mean, in years they wouldn't do anything like that, so. And this isn't a matter of weeks, it's been pretty amazing.

Yeah. Oh, sure.

Well, at a certain point -- I don't want them to go higher because at a certain point you make it where people don't buy. So, I may not want to go higher, or I may not want to even go up to that level. I may want to go to less because, you know, you want people to buy. And at a certain point, people aren't going to buy.

And it's actually up -- it's actually up to 145 percent because you have the 20.

Well, we have a deal for TikTok, but it will be subject to China. So, we'll just delay the deal until this thing works out one way or the other. And I think it's a good deal for China. The TikTok deal is very good. TikTok is good for China, and I think they'd like to see us do a deal, especially the deal that we have pretty much done with some of the best companies in the world.

I think it would be something we discuss because it's a -- you know, it's a natural -- if we're making a deal, I guess we'll spend five minutes and talk about TikTok. It wouldn't take very long.

I think that we will make a deal with China. I think we've had some very good talks, but we will have some very good talks remaining. And, you know, I view it -- and some people say, oh, rush. I think we have a lot of time. I think we have plenty of time. But we have very, very good -- you saw Japan was here yesterday.

We had Italy today. We had a great conversation with the Prime Minister. We've had, uh, very good talks yesterday with Mexico. We're talking with everybody. You know, the problem is there's only so many hours in the day. Uh, I think we're going to make a deal with China. We're going to make a deal with everybody.

And if we don't make a deal, we'll just set a target, and we'll -- that -- we'll live with that, and it'll be fine.

I would -- I would think over the next three or four weeks. I think maybe the whole thing could be concluded. You have to understand we're a big -- if you think of us as a big, beautiful department store before that business was destroyed by the internet. We're a big, beautiful store, and everybody wants a piece of that store.

China wants it. Japan wants it, Mexico, Canada. They live off it, those two. Without us they wouldn't have a country, and everybody wants a piece. And at a certain point, if we don't make a deal, we'll just set a limit. We'll set a tariff. We'll set some parameters, and we'll say come in and shop. They may not like that, and they may find it -- or the market may find it too high.

You know, more likely the market, but the market may find it too high, or the country may find it too high. Then they'll come back and say, well, we think this is too high, and we'll negotiate or they're going to say something else. They're going to say, well, let's see what happens. But they always have a right not to do it. So, they can say, well, we don't want it, so we're not going to shop there.

We're not going to shop in the store of America. We have something that nobody else has, and that's the American consumer. And I had the most successful -- I had the most successful four-year period in the history of this country. And I think we're going to blow it away this time. There is a little bit of a transition.

And we're going to have that little transition, and it's not much of a transition. You know, if you look right now, we're getting 25 percent on cars, right? We're getting 25 percent on steel. We're getting 25 percent on aluminum. We're going to have some other things that we're going to be adding in the not-too-distant future because we want them to be made here.

The medicines, the drugs, pharmaceuticals are going to be done and, uh, computer, computer chips, et cetera, et cetera. And because of that, we have the biggest computer companies in the world coming in from Taiwan and other places. And they're building in Arizona and lots of other places. We're number one in AI by far.

We're leading China by a lot, by tremendous amounts. We're going to supply electricity at levels never supplied before. They're going to build their own electric. We're going to let them become a utility essentially. And it's going to be amazing for the country. They're going to build their own electric plants.

We have to double up our electricity to be -- to remain number one in AI, we're going to have to double up our electricity from -- take our whole country. We're going to have to double up our electricity. Think of that. And probably even triple it up. And we're going to let them build their own electric plants with their plant that they're building for the AI or whatever they're doing.

Never been done before. We're going to get them quick approvals. It's going to be very clean, going to be very nice, and we're going to get them very fast approvals. And people are investing in this country like they've never invested before. Thank you very much, everybody.