Thank you very much everybody. And we've just completed what many are saying is the most successful -- what was that noise?  That must have been Elon. What was it?

Strange. That's all right. We've just completed what many consider to be the most successful first 100 days of any administration in the history of our country. And we're just getting started. Things are happening that are amazing, and I would not say it if it were in fact. In a few short weeks, we've achieved the most secure border in American history by far. 99.9 percent, which is a number that nobody thought was doable.

Biden thought you had to go back to the legislature to get legislation passed in order to create a secure border. You didn't. You just had to have the right president and the right people working it. Congratulations, by the way, and to Tom. For two months in a row. We have set the all time records for the lowest number of illegal border crossings ever recorded.

The number of illegal border crossers released into the United States is down 99.999 percent. That is usually 100 percent. So I think it's an amazing tribute and, Kristi, congratulations, and Tom and everybody else. That's an amazing job, actually. And it was done very quickly. We officially designated Tren de Aragua, MS-13, and the Mexican drug cartels as foreign terrorist organizations, and we're expelling these monsters from our country rapidly and working with the Department of Justice.

Pam, you're doing fantastic. Your people are amazing. We're having some judge problems. Everybody's reading.  We're having some judges that don't like, you know, killers murderers being thrown out of the country. So I don't know what their problem is, but we have a little difficulty. We won on the basis of a great border and of getting criminals out of our country.

That was why we won every swing state. We won by millions of votes. We won everything. Every -- every metric, we won by a lot. It was a massive victory and we won, I think, largely because of this issue. I put this issue as number one issue, and they don't want us to do what we're supposed to do. And I don't think that can be. And I hope the Supreme Court is going to fully understand what's going on. We have to get the criminals out of our country, and that's the basis under which we won the election.

Core GDP -- and this is, you know, you probably saw some numbers today. And I have to start off by saying that's Biden. That's not Trump because we came in on January. This is quarterly numbers and we came in and I was very against everything that Biden was doing in terms of the economy destroying our country in so many ways.

Not only at the border, the border was more obvious, but we took over his mess in so many different ways. Core GDP, removing distortions from imports, inventories, and government spending was up plus 3 percent when you add it. We had numbers that, despite what we were handed, we turned them around and we were getting them really turned around.

Gross domestic investment was a whopping 22 percent. Now that is a number that people are coming in at numbers. For instance, I just walked in, I heard Samsung is now, because of the tariffs, they're going to build massive facilities in the United States. If we didn't do the tariffs, they wouldn't be doing that.

So it takes a little while to get those facilities built, but they're coming in with big, big numbers. They're all coming in with big numbers. We have more money being spent than any -- at any time in the history of our country. We're up to close to $8 trillion, I think I can say. And really, it's going to be a lot higher than that.

Those are just the ones that we know about. $8 trillion. I -- I'm not going to say, but I don't think -- I'm not sure if Biden did $1 trillion for four years.

$1 trillion, but we're at $8 trillion for two months because let's give us a pass on the first month. We were sort of getting a little bit used to things, right? But after two months we have $8 trillion. There's never been a number like that. And that includes chip companies, car companies, every form of manufacturing, high tech companies, nobody's ever seen anything like it. So $8 trillion.

I can talk about gross domestic product, gross domestic investment. I can talk about a lot of things, but to me the biggest number is the kind of numbers that are -- and these people are coming in. Our Secretary of Commerce spent the weekend, he went down to Arizona to see what was happening with the chip -- the biggest chip company in the world.

And he said -- Howard, you said you've never seen anything like it. Amazing. You want to just describe what you saw?

And you never --

-- You never saw a site like that.

It's going to be about 40 percent of the chip market from that one section, and this is the biggest chip maker. They have 99 percent of the market. They come from Taiwan and, unlike the CHIP Act, which was done by Biden where they hand everybody billions of dollars, the thing they don't need is money. They got plenty of money.

What they need is an incentive to come in and the tariffs -- they're building because of the tariffs. If -- without the tariffs -- and I'd like to say they're building because of November 5th, the election and the tariffs. But I'm going to be a little more blunt. They're building because of the tariffs in November 5th gave him the tariff.

So the -- it's amazing when you look. And these are not companies that go out and say, well, we're going to build, we have to go get our financing. Let's go. Like we would, in New York, everybody would look, you know, you'd get a building site and then you'd look around for money, you'd look around for financing for six months, you'd get your financing, you'd build your building, the market would be good, you'd make money, the market would be bad, it wouldn't be so pretty.

You'd have to negotiate, bah, bah, bah. This is different. These people have so much money. They don't know what to do. They -- I asked Howard, did they finance it? No, they do it through cash. And they say that site -- and they just started, you know, they just announced it like a month ago and they've already started.

He said I've never seen a site like it so big. So you know, you're talking about a 50 -- essentially a $50 billion building. Now, if you build a warehouse for $50 million, that's a big warehouse, Scott. But a $50 billion building, that's a lot. They're building the electric. They're building -- they've become a utility.

And I'm giving him the right to become -- they're going to build their own electric, they're going to build their own electricity, which they need tremendous amounts of electricity. They're going to build it themselves. Anything they have looked, you know, left over, they'll hook that into the grid. But the grid is old and they're unreliable and bad things can happen to grids.

I said if you want, you can hook into the grid, but that's a little bit risky or you can build your own electricity or become your own utility. And they, I think in all cases, are deciding to do that. So it's very exciting and we have a lot of things going. We took over on January 20th, these are quarterly reports.

We took over on January 20th. The tariffs haven't kicked in yet. I know that -- and I don't want this to happen, but I know that China is doing very poorly right now. I just saw some reports coming out, and I don't want that to happen to China. I like the president a lot, President Xi. I don't want it to happen.

I was -- I was actually saddened to hear it, but they are getting absolutely hammered in China and, you know, they're sending boats the biggest boats in the world carrying cargo like nobody's ever seen before. These are the biggest boats in the world. Biggest cargo ships in the world and they're coming -- and they're turning around in the Pacific Ocean.

They're doing a big U-turn and going back because they don't want the goods because 145 percent tariff. But at a certain point, I hope we're going to make a deal with China. We're talking to China, but their factories are closing all over China because we're not taking their product. We don't want their product unless they're going to be fair with us. And that includes intellectual property and other things.

There are a lot of things far beyond just buy/sell. So we'll see what happens. But you know, I was not -- because somebody said, well, were you happy? I said I am not happy. I want China to do well. I want every country to do well, but they have to treat us fairly, also. So with that, I think we're going to maybe go around and we have some letters where the secretaries and people around the table are making statements about how they're doing and what's happening.

And I could start with Pete on the left because he's my least controversial person at the table.

They don't know how good he is. So we'll go around the table and you can hear it. And these are cabinet meetings where they're very open and transparent. And I can guarantee you Biden didn't do this. He didn't do this. Go ahead, Pete.

It's true.

And the police, by the way.

And fire. I always mention the fire, but the police and fire. But the police and fire, likewise, are -- I mean, they have waiting lists now and six months ago it was a disaster.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Howard?

It's very important. De minimis. It's very -- it's a big deal. It's a big scam going on against our country, against really small businesses and we've ended it. We put an end to it.

Please.

John, do you want to tell them about, I think we have to bring it up. We have very obsolete equipment for air traffic controllers. The equipment, the towers have horrible equipment. It's been renovated for years. The money they spent over the last four years. This Buttigieg did a horrible job. They wasted billions and billions of dollars hooking up wire equipment to non-wire equipment to satellite equipment.

And you're not -- a third grade student would know it doesn't work. You can't work. And they spent -- they wasted tens of billions of dollars. But we want to put a brand new air traffic control system in. And you might want to describe that this.

Rebuilding that is very important. You wouldn't have had the helicopter crashing into the plane at 400ft up where it's supposed to be 200ft. That would have -- bells and whistles would have been gone over. And you would have heard you would have heard the screaming equipment saying there's a problem coming up in 15 seconds.

You got to do something about it right now. And it would have -- it would have also sent the word right into the helicopter because I guess you'll be doing the full report on that. But it was pretty obvious what happened.

And they were supposed to be a 200ft, they were at 400ft and a terrible thing. That wouldn't have happened if we had the right equipment. If we had the right equipment, you would have heard bells and whistles going off. And it would have alerted them long before that would have happened, two minutes before.

It would have gave a lot of time. So we have to do this. We have no choice. And we're going to do it. And we're going to be very proud of it. They did old equipment in new equipment. And you can't hook in old equipment to new equipment because it's different, some is satellite and some is ground. The satellite doesn't work.

This man would know that better than anybody. But you can't hook up a satellite system to a ground wired system. And if you do, you're wasting a lot of money. They spent billions, this is Buttigieg. They spent billions and billions of dollars trying to patch a system together. They had hundreds of different contractors.

And the contractors were all fighting with each other. We're going to have one great big contractor like the great big, beautiful bill.  Which we're working on, which is going along very well. I guess I like great, big, beautiful, but we're going to have one great big, beautiful contractor, whether it's maybe Raytheon, maybe IBM, maybe it could be any one of four or five different groups.

But you put one in charge. They're very big, very powerful monetarily. And they give you a guarantee, and they hook up everything. They do every single thing. So they're responsible for the digging of the ditches and the fiber and every single element. And it's one system that's hooked in. It's not all these hodgepodge systems that don't work together.

And it's just a shame. I mean, it was -- it's basic construction, but it's complex stuff. And there are a few companies that do it unbelievably well. And we're going to have that. So good job, Sean. I know that's your -- that's your big project.

Well, ours is going to be an all new system. It's going to all hook up. It's going to be the same. The same tower is going to have the same equipment and all towers all over the country all over the world actually mostly are going to be hooked in together. And when there's a problem when planes are too close, you will hear a sound that's very ear shattering.

And I've heard it. And it's amazing. I mean, honestly it's amazing, it's real genius stuff. And we didn't do that. What we did was just waste money. You could have just thrown it right out the window with what they did. What they did in this last four years was disgraceful, whether it was the border or this you could name a hundred different things.

The worst administration ever. OK.

Thank you.

Secretary, thank you

Thank you, Doug. How are you doing with the suicide rates?

Very good. Thank you. Jamieson.

-- By the way, in history. You know this is the biggest deal ever done. If you sold IBM, ExxonMobil, and five other companies together, it's peanuts compared to what we're doing. This is the biggest deal ever done financially in the history of the world, and we're doing -- I think we're doing great. You're going to see some big, big results.

Go ahead.

Do you have the list  --

-- With all the countries that want to negotiate?

They all want to negotiate. They want to make a deal.

Thank you. Thank you, Jamieson. You're going to have a lot of fun for the next three weeks.

Thank you very much. The Abbey Gate is really important. This is a horrible thing. Destroyed the image, frankly, of the Biden administration. What happened there was a disgrace. It should have never happened. And Pam is working very much on prosecuting that person. We have the person and he'll do well. I have no doubt about it. Thank you very much, Michael.

So the CIA, I don't know, Ratcliffe, I don't know if he's going to say anything.  He's probably the one person here that's not allowed to talk about the great job he's done, but go ahead anyway.

Good job. You're doing a great job. Thank you very much. Russell.

So maybe the biggest thing we're working on, maybe bigger than tariffs at a certain sense, is the -- we call it the one big beautiful bill and that's wielding its way right now through the Senate. And John Thune has been actually amazing. And the speaker has been so great, Congress Mike Johnson has been -- really two guys that they get along great and it's just been a beautiful, unified attack, really because we have to attack because the Democrats are trying to stop it at every -- every turn.

It would mean a 58 percent tax hike if they were successful and lots of other bad things beyond the tax hike. But with us, it will be the biggest tax cut in American history. How are we doing with the bill?

OK, very good. I think we're doing well. Um, like I said, the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And it would be the biggest tax increase if the Democrats are successful. They're the only people I've ever seen running for office where they want to increase taxes. But this would be a 58, maybe a 60 percent tax increase.

Unsustainable for the American people. Thank you very much. Great job. Susie, the most powerful woman in the world, I'd say. I agree with that.  I agree.

And you've done a great job, Susie?

I think everybody agrees, right?

We have -- do we have anybody that disagrees, please?  In front of the media.

Please raise your hand if you have the courage to do so. Anyway, go ahead.

Yeah.

Good job.

Appreciate it. Brooke?

Good. Thank you.

Great job. Please, Scott.

Are you busy enough?  He's doing a great job. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. Pam?

Thank you, Pam.

You really did a great job. Thank you very much. OK, let's go.

Thank you. You're doing great. Thank you, very much. Chris, please.

Great job. Thank you, very much. Please.

And Tom is doing a great job.

Very much. He is hardcore.

Kelly.

Great job, Kelly. Thank you very much. Elon, I love the double hat, but I --

He's the only one that and get away with it.

Well, we all want to thank you for your help. You know, you -- you really have sacrificed a lot. Been treated very unfairly.

But you have been treated unfairly, but the vast majority of people in this country really respect and appreciate you and this whole room can say that very strongly. You've really been a tremendous help. You opened up a lot of eyes as to what can be done. And we just want to thank you very much and, you know, you're invited to stay as long as you want.

At some point, I guess he wants to get back home to his cars and his family.  he's done an incredible job. $150 billion. Think of this.

Yeah, $160. And they said, oh, it could have been more. And a lot of, you know, a lot of stuff is being worked on, that number could be doubled and even tripled. A lot of things that are being worked on that we don't count yet because it's not quite there, but you've done a fantastic job and we appreciate it very much, Elon.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Tulsi?

Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you very much. Lee?

Thank you. You are doing a fantastic job. We appreciate it very much. So?

Thank you very much, Linda. And what's going on with Harvard and some of these colleges that are taking vast amounts of money who also have vast amounts? They've got $52 billion and really scamming the public and hiring people like de Blasio and Lori Lightfoot, who are certainly two of the worst mayors in the history of our country, paying them a fortune of salary and having them teach our children how to manage cities and how to manage government.

What's the word as of this morning on, let's say, Harvard?

-- And students.

Where are these people coming from?

I think you should pull it back. The students they have, the professors they have, the attitude they have is not American and I think you should. A grant is a grant. We don't have to give grants.

So we'll pull back the grant. All right, very good. Thank you very much.

Bobby.

That's great. Thank you very much, Bobby. Very good, very important. Thank you. Doug, please.

Thank you, Doug. And you are doing a great job. And with Chris, that's a pretty much unbeatable combination, I have to tell you. So thank you both very much. Thank you, Doug. It's great. Marco?

Thank you very much, Marco. Really a great job. So you know, I've been involved in a lot of groups of people over the years, good groups, bad groups, all types of groups. But I have been involved in some incredible groups, but I've never been more proud and impressed, frankly, impressed is maybe even more important.

But I've never been more proud or impressed than I am with this group. This is an amazing group of people. And I hope some of those television cameras were blazing and it was on so people could watch this because, frankly, you know, no matter who you are no matter where you come from. This is an impressive group of people.

I said, or being somewhat competitive, I said, well, let's see who did the best job, who did the worst job?  And I determined that everybody is like the same and there was no worse job. Everybody was outstanding. Everybody did a job, you couldn't -- you couldn't pick a winner.

The only thing you can say is nobody did a bad job or even a fair job. You're outstanding. And so I want to just congratulate you all. This is really something. And you know, we have a job to do. We've done a lot of work in this 100 -- this 100 days we've established things that are going to start taking place in the next 100 days.

I want to see what it's going to be like. I think we're going to have to do this in 100 days, Susie, and we're going to see some very big results from the things that we've done. But I just want to thank everybody. This is really very impressive and I hope the people at home got to see some of it. Nobody's ever done public cabinet meetings.

They were quiet for a reason because they weren't impressive.  And especially in the last administration, they were not impressive. But I just want to say that we're very proud of you, and -- and I am in particular. Thank you all very much. Great job. And I think we're going to have some tremendous success for our country.

And I don't know, it doesn't seem like a time to be asking questions. That was so impressive that to be taking questions, why did you do this? Why did you do that? It's just doesn't seem to be appropriate. I guess we probably have to take a couple because that was the purpose, but if you'd like to ask some, I think they should be very respectful questions at this point.

This was an amazing meeting and so if you'd like to ask a couple, if you'd like to pinpoint them to some of the secretaries, et cetera, would be fine, yes.

I really don't know. I know that he's been a great friend of our country. He's gotten a lot less money than this would take from us if we were going to build these jails and do what he's doing and they run a very professional operation. I don't know. I haven't spoken to him. I really leave that to the lawyers.

And I take my advice from Pam and everybody that is very much involved. They know the laws and we follow the laws exactly.

-- Yeah, please.

Yeah, I'm not taking credit or discredit for the stock market. I'm just saying that we inherited a mess both at the borders. You could look at every single one of the people here and no matter who it is, they're doing better and they are far superior to what took place for four years before us. When you look at prisoners being allowed to come into our country at will.

Just at will people from mental institutions, gang members, drug dealers, when you look at that, what they've done to our country and also having to do with finance. Look at what happened with inflation. We had the worst inflation probably in the history of our country, they say 48 years. But I would say in the history of our country.

It ate away at people. And even though you saw a stock market going up somewhat because, in my case, I had the biggest stock market increase 88 percent in the last term in my last term. But I don't view the stock market as the end all it's an indicator, but what the stock market really tells you and what you -- when you look at the stock market in this case is it says how bad a situation we inherited.

I took place -- this was a quarter that we looked at today and I took -- we took -- all of us together. We came in on January 20th, so this is Biden. And you could even say the next quarter is sort of Biden because it doesn't just happen on a daily or an hourly basis. But we're turning it around. It's a big ship to turn around and we're going to have the greatest country financially in the history of the world, I believe.

I think we're going to do things that -- and we had to do it. We reset the table. We were being ripped off by every single country with just about without exception. I can -- I'd have to really think hard for who hasn't taken advantage. And I don't even blame those countries. I blame the person that was sitting right here where I am for allowing it to happen where our country was ripped off on trade hundreds of billions of dollars and now we're doing better than we've done in a long time.

You know, we were losing 4 to 5 to even $6 billion a day on trade with Biden and now we have it down to a very manageable number and the tariffs, for the most part, haven't even kicked in yet. So that's the way -- stock markets, to me, are an indication. But the big indication is what's happening and the people around the table know what's happening.

Yes?

What -- say it.

Well, I'll ask Scott to answer the question because he's responsible for it.

Just to put that in perspective though, when I came here, I said how much money have we given to Ukraine? The real number is about $350 billion. That's unthinkable. And we had no security. We had no -- nothing. We just pouring money there, unsecured money, putting it in banks and anybody could have taken it out.

You know, anybody over there. It was their decision. I've never seen anything like it. Europe on the other hand, which it's -- obviously that whole situation is much more important to Europe because we have an ocean in between. But Europe gave about $100 billion. It's a lot of money, it's a big sacrifice they made also, but they gave much less than we did.

And their money is secured, totally secured, by deposits in banks. The deposits are largely Russian deposits. That's what Europe did, but their money is secured. So they gave $100 billion totally secured. We gave money like it's throwing it out the window and it was done by Biden. And this is Biden's war.

This isn't Trump's war. I'm trying to get out. And more than the money, they're losing about 5000 young Russian and Ukrainian soldiers a week, mostly. There's some people also being killed in towns where missiles should not have been shot. Small cities and towns. But we are trying to save the lives of about 5000 young, mostly soldiers that are losing their lives a week.

I see a satellite photos, probably of one of his satellites come to think of it, but I see satellite photos every week of fields with arms and heads and legs scattered all over. It's a violent, violent horrible situation. And more important than the money I want to save the lives of people from other countries that are dying so stupidly, so needlessly, and they're dying.

But I said what -- what are we doing? How did we get into this war? It would have never happened if I were president. Everybody knows. And it didn't happen for four years. It wasn't even thought of. I discussed it with President Putin a lot. Ukraine was the apple of his eye, but there was no way he was going to do anything.

Zero chance. And I said, you know, we feel foolish. The Europeans are putting up money, it's totally secure. They get their money back. We're putting up much more money. We have absolutely nothing. And I didn't want to make a complicated deal. I didn't want to make a deal that couldn't be made because Ukraine doesn't have very much money.

They're going through a very bad period of time. It's been brutal, but I felt very foolish being in charge. So I said, well, we want something for our efforts beyond what you would think would be acceptable. And we said rare earth, they have very good rare earth. As you know, we're looking for rare earth all the time.

Rare earth is rare for a reason and they have a lot and we made a deal where our money is secure, where we can start digging and doing what we have to do. It's also good for them because you'll have an American presence at the site, Chris. And the American presence will, I think, keep a lot of bad actors out of the country or certainly out of the area where we're doing the digging.

So we made a deal and I assume they're going to honor the deal and I put Scott in charge and Scott's done it beautifully, but we haven't really seen the fruits of that deal yet. I suspect we will. I suspect we will.

What I'm talking to them. And it's not a hard and fast, but I'm talking to them. And I will tell you that the border is most secure it's ever been. We have never had anything like it. And when -- uh, when you said Kristi, before it's 99.999.

And uh, I guess that means one person maybe or two people.

It's actually turned out to be three people came across the border versus hundreds of thousands of people under Biden. And we're talking about people coming, look people they have -- they have souls, they -- they have hearts, many of them are good. But we have a country that's under siege. We have a country that really is under -- I think it's under attack.

In many ways, worse than under attack because there are no uniforms. You don't know who the attacker is, so you really don't -- it's not like you're fighting an army. You're fighting people, you don't even know who they are. But 11,888 murderers, many of them murdered far more than one person are roaming.

Now, some of them have already been caught. A lot of them have already been caught and taken out. But we're being impeded by judges from doing our job. And hopefully, that situation is going to be solved. Because I think nobody wants to have murderers and people from jail and -- and I mean for serious, serious crimes.

I remember the Biden, people used to say no, these are aliens that came into our country. And they don't commit crime. I said they don't commit crime, they commit worse stuff. They make our criminals some of these people that they've allowed in through open border policies, the dumbest thing I've ever seen.

You can look at some of these people and you say this is not going to end well. But the people that they've allowed into our country are making our criminals look like the nicest people on earth. I will tell you, these are serious criminals. These are violent criminals. These are people that would kill you and wouldn't lose an ounce of sleep.

And they wake up the next morning and they don't even remember it. This is a rough, rough tough group of people. And we've got to get them out of our country. And the law says, I believe, I hope, and I think Pam will be very successful in proving it, but we've run into, I would call them rogue judges, somebody could criticize me for that.

These are rogue judges. These are radical left, generally, radical left, horrible judges. And we didn't lose all of these people. You know, we've lost a lot of people to death and to rape all sorts of crimes committed by the people that poured into our country. And they came in totally unimpeded. Just come on in. And you see it every night.

You'd see thousands and tens of thousands of people pouring into our country. We have no idea who they are. And to this day, we're looking for people we have no idea. We hear that we have terrorists in our country that are so bad they couldn't stay in any other country, but we're getting them out. And the group between Pete and Kristi and Tom Homan and everybody working together, people that you would least suspect are reporting them, getting them.

And the public is reporting them. The public is seeing them. The public is calling and they're saying, you know, I live in a house. And next to me, moved in a group of people. And they are very violent. They would go and would find out and would say, yeah, you're right. They were really violent. And we have information on most of them.

So I just think it's incredible what's taking place. But we right now have a very, very secure border. Right now, we have the most secure border in the history of our country. So I don't think we have to worry about your question too much.

Well, they were both parties.

No, well, I think we're going to have a great relationship. He called me up yesterday. He said let's make a deal, you know, he had -- he was running for office. They were both -- they both hated Trump. And it was the one that hated Trump, I think the least, that won. I actually think the conservatives hated me much more than the -- than the so-called liberals.

He's a pretty liberal guy.

No, I spoke to him yesterday. He couldn't have been nicer. And I congratulated him. You know, they -- it was a very mixed signal because it's almost even, which makes it very complicated for the country. It was a pretty tight race. But he's a very nice gentleman. And we -- uh, he's going to come to the White House very shortly within the next week or less.

It'll happen. I mean, look, right now, and I told you before, they're having tremendous difficulty because their factories are not doing business. They made $1 trillion with Biden, $1 trillion, even $1.1 trillion uh, with Biden selling us stuff. Much of it we don't need. You know, somebody said, oh, the shelves are going to be open.

Well, maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls, you know. And maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they would normally. But we're not talking about something that we have to go out of our way. They have ships that are loaded up with stuff, much of which, not all of it, but much of which we don't need.

And we have to make a fair deal. We've been ripped off by every country in the world, but China, I would say is the leading -- the leading one, the leading candidate for the chief ripper-offer.  There has never been -- there has never been a country that's been ripped off more than the United States of America under some of the dumbest leadership.

And it usually starts with the president. And you can go back and I'm not just talking about Biden, that's been the worst. I mean, the trade deficits and everything else, he's been the worst. But -- but he had no idea what he was doing. And I think somebody ought to look at the autopen to find out who was really running this country.

Because it wasn't Biden. Because nobody could agree to what he agreed to.

He put our country at risk, at tremendous risk and fiscal risk, financial risk. So I think we have it very much. I really believe that the next 100 days is going to be, uh, even better than this. Look, I read an editorial yesterday from a group that normally wouldn't write a good thing. This is the most consequential presidency in history, in the history of our country.

This is not a particular group that would write that kind of an editorial. But they see what we're doing and what we had to do. And I believe if this group, not just me, if this group wasn't here, I think our country was going to be in, if it was lucky, just serious trouble, but a lot worse than that. I think our country could have been a total disaster.

Bad things were happening with our country. And we've -- we've stemmed the tide. We've turned it around. But we're going to really turn it around over the next -- over the next three years, three and a half years, we're going to turn it around. And then hopefully, it will be in such great shape. That's my goal to put it in such great condition that it can't be destroyed.

Yeah.

Yeah, well, there are ways to mitigate it. And there are some very strong ways. There's one way that's been used by three very highly respected presidents. But we hope we don't have to go that route. But there is one way that has been used very successfully by three presidents, all highly respected. And hopefully, we don't have to go that way, but there are ways of mitigating that.

I want to thank you all very much. I thought this was an incredible cabinet meeting. I think there's probably has never been a cabinet meeting like this. You've never seen it on tape. That I can tell you.  And I want to just congratulate everybody at the table. But we have a lot of work to do, but we're off to a great start.

Thank you very much everybody.

I'm working hard.

I like -- I like my life. I'm working hard. But I like it because we're doing a lot of good for a lot of people. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody.