You feel comfortable with all those cameras, right?  There's a little more room over here if you want.

Thank you very much. We had a very good meeting. We're talking about a lot of different things. Consumer prices have actually dropped. There's very little inflation. Everybody predicted a lot of inflation, very little inflation. Energy costs are down, interest rates are probably down. They scatter, but they're probably down.

Prescription drug prices are even to down. We're doing very well. It's been amazing. We had a big day yesterday. There will always be transition difficulty, but we had a -- in history, it was the biggest day in history, the markets. So, we're very, very happy with the way the country is running. We're trying to get the world to treat us fairly.

This is something that should have been done 25 years ago and it wasn't. It should have been done 40 years ago, and it wasn't. But no president was willing to take it on. But you had to -- it's not sustainable, it wasn't sustainable. And as you know, without a lot of money being added, there's a lot of money that we could add, the country is making approximately $2 billion a day.

And when you think of it, that's -- we've never done that before, never come close to it. And the number is probably $3.5 billion a day. And that makes us a very strong country. But we have Scott here and Howard and some of the people that are working on deals. And the biggest problem they have is they don't have enough time in the day, everybody wants to come and make a deal.

And we're working with a lot of different countries and it's all going to work out very well. I think it's going to work out really very well, but we're in good shape. There's no inflation. There's very little inflation. And I went four years without inflation, and I tariffed -- I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China and others, taxes in China.

But we took in hundreds of billions of dollars a year from China and we had no inflation essentially. So, we think we're in very good shape. We think we're doing very well. Again, there'll be a transition cost and transition problems, but in the end, it's going to be a beautiful thing. We're doing again what we should have done many years ago, we let it get out of control, and we allowed some countries to get very big and very rich at our expense.

And it's not going to -- can't let that happen. It's not a sustainable formula. So, I wanted to just thank everybody at the table. And maybe I'll go around and ask some of you a little short couple of answers. Pete just got back from Panama, and he's been all over the place and you want to give us a little report on that and whatever else you might have to say.

Everyone at this table is doing an incredible job, by the way, I have to say, incredible. And the relationships are -- it's like they're friends, they're really -- the relationships are very strong, really good, really strong. And these meetings are very good. And I think having -- I don't believe there's any other president that allowed the press to come into a meeting such as this.

These are very sacred meetings. These are very private meetings, but we have nothing to hide, and I think it's good. I think it's a good -- we want to be -- a word you like to use, Jeff, is transparent. So, we want to be transparent, and we'll do that by starting with Pete. Go ahead, Pete.

We've moved a lot of troops to Panama and filled up some areas that we used to have, and we didn't have any longer, but we have them now and I think it's in very good control.

OK. Thank you, Pete. Very good. Howard.

Thank you very much. Good job. Linda?

And what about colleges? You're holding back $400 million from Columbia?

$8 billion from Harvard. Can you imagine the money we pay Harvard. They have a $60 billion fund and we're giving them $8 billion. And we're trying to figure that out. And then they hire de Blasio, the worst mayor in the history of New York. And they hired the woman from Chicago who was a disaster, a total disaster.

And they pay them massive salaries. And they're supposed to be teaching you government. That's not Harvard. That's not Harvard the way it used to be, so. Do you have anything to say about that? The -- the dollars you're holding back from quite a few universities that were not behaving.

Thank you. Great job. Thank you.

Good. That's right, we just got the House vote. And now we're well on our way to getting, as we call it, the big -- the great, big, beautiful bill. It's a beauty. There's never been a bill like this one. We're trying to get it all into one beautiful bill. It's tax cuts, regulation cuts and many other things, the border, a lot of money for the border.

And well, you're doing a fantastic job, so. Uh, but we just got a report that we, as you know, you knew before us. Were you surprised we got the vote? We got the vote. And we're happy to get the vote. So uh, I think we're going to be in very good shape. OK. OK, please.

So we're going to be rebuilding our ship building business. We may order, would have to go to Congress for this, but we may buy some ships from other countries that, uh, we're close to and that do great jobs with ships. But we're going to start the process of rebuilding. We don't really essentially build ships anymore, which is ridiculous.

Uh, it's going to be a very big business for us in the not too distant future. But in the meantime, uh, we have -- we have countries that do very well at building ships. And we'll be dealing with those countries. And we may be ordering, uh, top of the line ships from those countries. Uh, and within a fairly short period of time, we'll be building our own ships, so. We'll probably have to go to Congress for that.

But uh, we'll have no -- we're not going to have a problem. Susie, thank you very much for the job you've done. Go ahead, please.

That's true. You're doing a great job. The chief, chief of staff, doing a great job. Lee, go ahead. sMr. President, the Biden EPA was strangulating the economy. The Trump EPA understands it's not a binary choice. We can protect the environment and grow the economy. Working with DOGE and -- and Elon Musk, we've now canceled $22 billion worth of grants, and we have launched what is the largest deregulatory action in the history of the country.

Just in one agency. That's how much of a mess the Biden EPA left us. It is going to end up reducing the cost of living. It's going to create jobs. It's going to make it easier to purchase a car. It will be easier to heat your home. We're proud of this effort. The -- the effort that we have is fulfilling the mandate that you earn from the American public.

Clean air, land and water for all Americans, unleashing energy dominance, permitting reform, advancing cooperative federalism, making America the AI capital of the world and bringing back American auto jobs. Uh, when you called me that day asking for me to take this position, I was honored. Uh, and you were very specific and clear in what you wanted us to accomplish.

Uh, we understand our mission. And uh, at the Trump EPA, we're going to make you proud.

Great job. You're doing a great job. And you have a lot of applications for approvals for power plants, which are going to really power the -- the regular plants. And they're going to be right next to each other. Because we can't rely on our grid. It's old and it's tired. And it's, you know, very, very, uh, subject to being attacked whether by rain or by bombs or by anything else.

And we're letting people build their own power plants. And these are -- a lot of them are being built with the AI and beyond the AI chips. And we're letting them build their own power. And that's never been done before. And we're going to get it done quickly and approved quickly. As part of a plant, they'll have a -- sort of be their own power company.

And it's very exciting. They couldn't believe it when I told them that. I said we're going to get you the approvals very fast. As part of your regular plan, you're going to build electric producing plants. And it's very exciting. And they're able to do it very quickly and very well. And you made it possible.

Thank you. You have a lot of applications for some of the biggest plants that have ever been built in the world. These are serious, these are serious plants, aren't they, huh?

Good. Go ahead, Sean?

Um-hum.

Right.

Take it out.

Good steel, right, as opposed to green paper mache.  OK. Thanks. Great job.

So, you'll do that.

It's out of the military, right?

Is it 100 percent out would you say?

Get the rest of it out.

We've got a much different military; I will tell you. Thanks very much. Good job. And eggs are down big, right? Big.

That's what I hear. Thank you. Scott?

Part of the bill that we just got to vote on today.

Great, very good. Good numbers.

Thank you. Pam?

That's great. That's great. That will stop it cold.

Thanks -- doing a great job, too. Thank you very much. Lori, please.

So, you're finding tremendous fraud, and those numbers are really bad when you --

Over 115 years old. And I think you had mentioned the oldest person in our country is 114 years old. That's pretty good.

I hope you hear that. So, we have 24,000 older than the oldest person.

And what are we doing about that? How do we get that money back?

Great. Thank you. Great job. Kristi?

Sure, it's a very big self-deport operation that we're starting.

Yeah.

Good.

And we're going to work with people so that if they go out in a nice way and go back to their country, we're going to work with them right from the beginning on trying to get them back in legally. Is that right?

So it gives you a real incentive. Otherwise, they'd never come back. They'll never be allowed once a certain period of time goes by, which is probably going to be 60 days. We're also going to work with farmers that if they have strong recommendations for their farms for certain people, we're going to let them stay in for a while and work with the farmers and then come back and go through a process of -- legal process.

But we have to take care of our farmers. And hotels. And you know, various, various places where they're used, where they need the people. And we're going to be working with you very carefully on that.

So a farmer will come in with a letter concerning certain people saying they're great. They're working hard. We're going to slow it down a little bit for them. And then we're going to ultimately bring them back. They'll go out, they're going to come back as legal workers.

Okay?

Which I think it will be a -- I think it's very important to do.

Okay. Thank you very much. Great job. Jamieson, I watched you testify for the last couple of days.

You're on every night at 3:00 in the morning.

And you did great. You were fantastic. Thank you very much.

And you said the largest in history, right?

There's never -- there's never been anything like what he left us. He left us a mess. His whole administration was a mess. So go ahead.

Thank you very much. Great job. Hello, Elon.

That's a lot.

And your people are fantastic. In fact, hopefully they'll stay around for the long haul. We'd like to keep as many as we can. They're great. Smart, sharp, right?

Finding things that nobody would have thought of. Very computer savvy.

That'll be good.

That'll be very exciting.

That's a pathway to citizenship into the United States. It's --

Yeah, it's a big deal. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing.

That's great. Bobby, how do you feel about that? That's -- that's --

That's hitting close to home, isn't it?

When you think -- I'm thinking about Bobby when he -- when that statement is made.

Good. And you'll let Bobby see some of this? Because you know, it's very personal stuff.

But it's time.

And his uncle that's been out and anything that hasn't been out will -- they can go to your offices and see, right?

Okay, yeah, we want to get it all out, 100 percent. Good. Thank you very much. Good job, guys.

Thank you very much.

-- are so big. Think of that, so it was 1 in 10,000 children had autism and now it's 1 in 31 -- not 31,000 -- 31. That's a horrible statistic, isn't it? And there's got to be something artificial out there that's doing this. So, you think you're going to have a pretty good idea, huh?

There will be no bigger news conference than that. So, that's it. If you can come up with that answer where you stop taking something, you stop eating something or maybe it's a shot, but something's causing it. It can't be from 10,000 to -- can you imagine that, Marco? That's a big -- that's a big number.

Thank you very much. You're doing great. Thank you, Bobby. Please, Doug?

Very good. Thank you. Marco?

They're coming.

They're coming.

Well, thank you very much. You're really doing a great job. We appreciate it. Any questions?

Well, I haven't seen it because I've been here for 2.5 hours, so I'll be -- I'll be seeing it.  I think Scott went out. Scott, do you want to have a statement on that?

Well, we'll see what happens with China. We would love to be able to work a deal. They've really taken advantage of our country for a long period of time. They've ripped us off beyond anybody. Nobody -- how people stood for it, sitting in my position is not even believable. And we're talking about many presidents, not just a couple, but they did.

And all we're doing is putting it back in shape. We're resetting the table. And I'm sure that we'll be able to get along very well. I have great respect for President Xi. He's been -- in a true sense, he's been a friend of mine for a long period of time. And I think that we'll end up working out something that's very good for both countries.

I look forward to it.

I think I've heard of worse things.  Yes, please.

We'll look into it. But I think beyond that, we're really looking to get that war stopped. We're losing 2,500 and even more than that, young people a week. They're Russian and they're Ukrainian. They're not American, but they're -- they're people. And we're seeing if we can get it stopped. And I think we're making progress.

I appreciate the ballerina who was released. It was at the request of a very good friend of all of ours, actually. Dana White called me, and he said it's, uh, it's the friend or the relationship of one of the fighters for UFC or one of the fighters. And Dana is an incredible guy. And we spoke to President Putin about it, and they made a deal.

They released the young ballerina. And she is now out. And that was good. So we appreciate that. We hope that we're going to be able to make a deal relatively soon with Russia and Ukraine to stop the fighting. It's so senseless. It's such a horrible thing that would have never happened if I were president.

But it did happen. And we were given that card. And I think we're going to get it -- I think we're going to get it stopped. We've got to get going. We got to get it. We have to move it faster. Likewise, with the hostages, we're making progress. We uh, you know, there's 59 hostages, but only 24 of them are living.

And that's the way it's been presented to me by the mothers of some of the dead, mothers and fathers of some of the dead hostages. And they want the bodies of their -- of their baby, as they say, their baby, their young boys, they want -- they want them back as much as if they were alive. It's amazing. Because when I met the hostages two weeks ago here, I couldn't believe what they had to go through, by the way.

But when I met them, they said, yeah, there's 59, but 24 are living. And they actually consider -- I guess if you're a parent, you do consider it this way, that the -- the remainder who are dead, the 24 that are alive, the remainder that are dead, they want them back just as much as they would want them back if they were alive.

It's really pretty amazing and pretty sad. So we're -- we're getting close to, uh, getting them back. We have -- a lot came back. A lot of people are very grateful. And some came back in pretty bad shape. Some came back, they're OK. I think they're going to be scarred mentally for a long time. Because if you sit down and talk to them as I have, what they went through is incredible.

But we're making progress. We're dealing with Israel. We're dealing with Hamas. And it's uh, it's a nasty group.

Well, I think it's very close, but you know, we have to have a deal that we like. We don't want a deal that's going to be a bad deal, or I could -- I could make every deal in one day if I wanted to. I could do this in all in one day. I could just say here's what we'll do. And uh, I was saying to the people, before to Scott, mostly to Scott and Howard, and some of the other people that work with us on the negotiations.

You know, we have a lot of law firms that have paid me a lot of money in the form of legal fees. We're going to probably use those firms, too, uh, if we can. I think we can. I'll make a contribution to the country. But they're great firms. They're the best firms, the biggest and really the most prestigious.

And we may be using them to help you guys out because you're going to need a lot of lawyers.  And I'm not sure Pam's going to be happy if I say can you send over about 200 lawyers and work on trade. Because she's working on criminal stuff. And I think that's going to be her focus more than anything else.

So we'll find out if we can do that. But we have a lot of lawyers that you've been reading about where they paid $100 million a firm on average. Now we have the final four or five are at $125 million now. So I have a lot of legal fees I could give to you people, but --  And we might as well use them.

Hopefully, I won't need that many legal fees or that much. I may. Who knows? After -- after it ends, after -- after we leave, maybe I'll need it. But if I do, it's not going to be very pleasant.

So I think we're going to try to use these -- these very prestigious firms to help us out with the trade. Because you know, we have a lot of countries. But we want to make deals that are proper for the United States, not just -- we can make deals easily. But we want to make them proper.

Well, that's what would happen. I mean if we can't make the deal that we want to make or we have to make or that's good for both parties, it's got to be good for both parties. And then we'd go back to where we were.

Yeah, I think.

Yeah, we'll have to see what happens at that time.

I'm not considering now for any country or company, but it's possible that I would, but I'm not -- we don't have that situation right now. People understand where we are, what we're going to do, but it could happen. It's called flexibility. You have to have certain flexibility.

Paying down national debt, reducing taxes, creating good budgets, helping Kristi with the border and all of the other things. We built -- I built hundreds of miles of wall, as people now understand, 571 miles of border wall in the first administration, but we're going to beef it up and we're going to add more.

And you know, the numbers are incredible. Really the numbers are -- what's taking place. We had great numbers, but these numbers are topping my last administration. And Kristi and Tom Homan have done an amazing job, but it's an expensive process. This weekend, where they used to have hundreds of thousands of people standing there pouring through the border in Tijuana, Mexico.

This weekend they had nobody -- you had a man sweeping this massive piece of concrete, which is the area where they sit, massive. And I've looked at that -- during the Biden administration, you couldn't see a piece of that concrete there were so many people on it. You couldn't -- if you had a helicopter shot, you couldn't see concrete.

Now this weekend you had nobody there, but a man with a broom, sweeping it and cleaning it up, pretty amazing. It's really an amazing job, but it will be used for that. It'll be used for a lot of things. It'll be used by the Department of Justice for doing a great job. Pam is doing a fantastic job. So, it's going to be used for a lot of different things.

It's a baseline.

It depends on what they're adding. You know, some countries have -- we have massive deficits with, or they have big surpluses with us, and others it's not that way. So, it depends. That's why it's really all -- they're all different. Every country is different. Some have certain advantages that others don't have and certain things.

We have some -- China has a surplus of $1 trillion. I mean, the numbers are crazy, and others have basically no surpluses. We have some that are pretty even, but they hurt us in other ways and we just want to get that taken care of. So it's -- every one is a little bit different.

We're looking at it as one bloc. They've been very tough, but they were very smart. They were ready to announce retaliation and then they heard about what we did with respect to China and others, but China. And they said, you know, we're going to hold back a little bit , they decided to hold back, I thought they were very smart.

Look, the EU is very smart, but they really have taken advantage of the United States. They were formed for the purpose of taking advantage of the United States. And I don't blame them, and I don't blame China. I don't blame anybody. I blame the people that were sitting at that desk in that other beautiful Oval Office for allowing it to happen.

Many presidents I blame, they should have never allowed it to happen. And I'm doing something that a lot of them wouldn't want to do. But I'm here, I do those things and we're going to make this country great again. We were taken advantage of by almost everybody. I sat back -- in the last administration, I would actually read -- I don't have to read them now, I know them so well.

I would read some of these documents that were signed, deals, and I said who would do a deal like this? Who would do it? You've seen it, Elon.

I'd look at deals where it's so one sided, even -- we have a deal with Japan and we get along great with Japan and we had the Prime Minister here, he was fantastic. As you know, Abe was great. Shinzo was great, he was a good friend of mine, unfortunately no longer with us. But we defend them, but they don't have to defend us. I said that doesn't sound too good.

But we have a deal where -- a defense deal. We pay hundreds of billions of dollars to defend them. But if for any reason -- in other words, we pay all the money, they don't pay anything. But if we're ever attacked, they don't have to do a thing to protect us. They said, oh, that sounds like a wonderful deal.

So, I just -- that's just one out of thousands. And I just wonder who did this? And it's people that either hate our country or didn't care, an expression that you use. I think it's really the -- a lot of them didn't care. They just -- it's just hard to believe how bad they are. Now, that's a little bit of a defensive deal.

But I'm talking about trade deals, the same thing. They're so bad you would say how come? And even when I'd renegotiate, like I'd go to a country, they'd give me everything I asked for. I said why didn't somebody ask for it like originally. They give me everything. I think when they were negotiating, they didn't care, or they didn't ask, or they were shy, or they were very stupid, or they hate our country.

Yeah, go ahead, Jeff.

Sure, look, US steel is going to do very well now because of tariffs. And I don't know why they even need a deal. But the only thing is US Steel, if you go back 80 or 90 years, that was a behemoth in this. That was our biggest, most -- if we were around, we would have been very proud of it. Today we have different types of companies that are big, Google -- it's not the same as US Steel.

And I love Google, and I got to like the people that run it, very capable people. They didn't like me so much in the first administration, but they like me a lot now. I don't know what happened, but I like them. But I think they would be the first to admit, when I envisioned -- you look at some of those steel factories from 90 years ago when we were -- it was a different kind of a country, but they were miles long.

Today, you see just empty hulks. Those hulks are going to be filled up very soon because of what I'm doing with tariffs. It was a different kind of a thing. But if I didn't do that in the first term, my first term, if I didn't put tariffs on, we would have -- because China and others were dumping steel, billions of dollars of steel.

Our steel companies were all closing every factory. We wouldn't have one steel plant open and now we have a steel industry that's doing very well, but soon it's going to be thriving, really thriving. And those factories are going to be filled up. But more importantly, they're going to build brand new ones.

Nucor. And so many other companies call me, Nucor being a big steel company. They're building massive new steel plants and it's great. And likewise, car companies, we have many, many car companies. Three of them -- I'm not looking to hurt Mexico, and I like Mexico. And by the way, I think the new president is a terrific person, a fantastic woman.

We've had many conversations. She's a very elegant -- just a fantastic person. And she's been very nice, very, very nice. But I'm not looking to hurt them. But we have three car plants that were under construction in Mexico. They stopped constructing and now they're going to build in the United States because of tariffs.

See we should have never let this happen because whoever it was that was president at the time, we lost 90,000 plants and factories since NAFTA, 90,000. It's not believable. How about that, Lori, you know you're that sort of world of factories and plants.

That's right. We're going to bring them all back. But think of it -- from that period of time, which isn't so long ago, we lost -- I said the other day if you had a map on a big wall like this and if you had pins, 90,000, I don't know if you'd have enough -- I don't think you'd have enough room on the map to put the pins.

90,000 factories that we've lost since NAFTA. And it's not even -- and about 6 million jobs really, I think probably a lot more than that. But they say 6 million jobs. We're going to bring many of that back. I think we're going to bring more than all of them back. We're going to bring -- we're going to be better and stronger than ever before.

But if a president, when they were leaving, said, look, you can leave. But if you're going to build a factory someplace else and you think you're going to come and sell your steel or your car or any product that you make. your pharmaceuticals, which we're going to do, we're going to get them all back.

But if you think you're going to just -- all they had to do is say this and they wouldn't have left. You know, I said it the other day. I said it with respect to -- I made a speech a year ago and I told them if I win, we're going to charge a big, big tariff at the border. And people were thinking about building in Mexico a car plant.

And I said we're going to have a big tariff. So if you want to build a car, you're going to have to pay 25 percent more than the cost of that car. You're going to have to pay 25 percent tariff at the border. They would have never left. They could have kept everybody. If a president said, if you leave this country, you leave Michigan, you leave Detroit, you leave any -- any of the -- any part -- any of our states.

Because to me, they're all the same. I love them all. I love them all. And I probably won them all, but --  they say I won most of them, but I probably -- I think I won them all, but that's OK. But all you had to say if you were the president is if you leave and you think you're going to now fire all those workers, leave all that, you know, everything behind and you're going to build in another country and sell it. You know, you're not going to. You're going to pay 50 percent or 100 percent tariff.

They would have never left. And all you had to say, Marco, is -- all you had to say very simply is you don't have to write it down, all you have to do is say it verbally. If you leave, you're going to pay 100 percent tariff, therefore don't leave, they would have never left. But they left 90,000 plants. I mean, it's hard to believe that many.

It's not -- you -- you can't envision it. So just getting back to your, you know, because I'm the great weaver of all time, you know.  To weave you have to be a genius.  To go on tangents, anybody can do that, but we'll get back to your original US steel. US steel is, uh, is a big name in this country.

You know, it's -- Babe Ruth is a big name. We have a lot of big names, but not too many. You -- US Steel is one of the great names in the history of our country. And normally I wouldn't mind so much. I wouldn't be thrilled with it, but to buy for a foreign country and we love Japan, but for a foreign country to buy that cherished US Steel brand, it's hard for me to do. I mean, somebody else, uh, somebody else may want it, the company Nippon, that's involved with it is a big powerful company would, do a good job.

But why can't they just build a plant themselves? I mean, why do they have to, you know, take US Steel. So, as you know, I rejected the deal. Now they've come back in a different form. They're coming back as an investor. And you know, I feel better about that, I guess. But you know, I know them very well.

I know -- I know their thinking. That's the investor, they'll invest and somebody else may be sitting in this chair and they will no longer have an investment. They'll have the whole thing. You know, that's the way it works here. Very smart. They're very, very smart people. We're dealing with very smart people throughout the world.

Great geniuses actually. Look what they've done to our country. And again, I don't blame China. I don't blame anybody. If I could have done it, if I were in that position, I'd have great respect. I have great respect for the people. They ripped off the United States. And all we had to do have a president that knew what the hell was going on and none of those countries would have left -- those companies, none of them would have left.

So that's a little lesson in basic business. And it's really basic business. It's not complicated business. It's very basic business. And we'd have every one of those car plants going just the way they were 30 years ago, none of them would have left. But now they're coming back.

Yeah.

I think it's terrible. I just heard it from Lori, and I appreciate it. And you heard it from Elon's people, right?

Uh, Elon's done a fantastic job. Look, he's sitting here. And I don't care. I don't need Elon for anything other than I happen to like him, but I'm telling you this guy --

This guy did a fantastic job.  I don't need his car. I actually bought one because -- and they said, oh, did you get a bargain? No. I said give me the top price. I paid a lot of money for that car.  But honestly, he makes -- he makes a great car. You know what I do with it? I let the people in the office drive around in it.  Margot and Natalie.

They're all -- Chamberlain.  They're all driving around in the most beautiful car. They think it's gorgeous. Uh, but I did that as a sign of just a show of support. Numerous people have done that, just a show of support. Because you know, he's done a fantastic job. But uh, he hasn't been treated properly.

He hasn't been treated properly. Yeah?

Well, I don't want to say who's reached out. I'd just say that I think -- I think it's going to work out. Hopefully, well.

They're very big. It's hard to get over. If you're me, the -- what they've done to our country, they've destroyed our economic base to a large extent. The good news is we're very vibrant. And we're going to get it back fast. We already have. Look, we're making $2 billion a day now. And uh, during Biden, we were losing $3 billion a day.

Biden was a disaster. He was the worst president in the history of our country. And you know, to me, worse than that because the money you can make if you have the right guy in this position, worse than that was what we have to what they did on the border. By allowing the jails of the world, not South America, all over the world, to be opened up so that we take everybody from Africa, Asia, South America, Europe.

The bad ones. They opened up their jails and they dumped them in the United States. And now this beautiful young woman, who seems to be, boy, she loves what she does though.  I think she loves what she does. Because she's a patriot, she hates to see it, and Tom and all the people. But for us to spend, you know, hundreds of billions of dollars to -- this is just, I don't know, either -- again, they either hated the country -- who would do this?

Who would want millions of people to pour through an open border? We have no idea who the hell they are. And just walk right through. And half of them, whether you like it or not, you could look at them and you could say they are not going to help us. These are some rough people. But they empty out their jails and they'd empty out their mental institutions, insane asylums.

And they let them into the United States of America. And inflation we can fix. And all of the other things we can fix. We'll get it going. But this is something, it's -- it's such a horrible thing. And it's really hard. You know, we have to do deportations. Now, we're doing self-deportation. We're coming up with all sorts of ideas.

And they must have known it's not going to work out well. And you know, we want people to come into our country, by the way. We need them badly for the jobs, but we want them to come in legally. They have to come in legally. They have to show that they can love our country. Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Yeah. Nobody's ever done this, you know. We let --

-- the press likes to have the cameras there.

No. Where we let --