Thank you very much. We're going to have a little session today on the ambassadors. It's a group of people that were selected. They're doing very well. They're very far along in the process. And they're going to each introduce themselves and talk about the country that they're going to. And they might say a little bit about themselves also because people are very interested in that.

We're also going to sign right now some executive orders. And Will, if you come -- would come forward.

I'll start thinking about signing them, right?

And many people have asked me to do this. They think he was treated very unfairly. And I looked at the records, studied the records and he was. He was a victim of a crime as far as I'm concerned, so we're going to undo that. All right. That's nice. Devon Archer. Congratulations, Devon.

Which gives the media the right to go in and -- go and check it. You probably won't bother because you're not going to like what you see. But this was total weaponization. It's a disgrace. Should never happen in this country. But now you'll be able to see for yourselves all declassified. Is that correct, would you say, all declassified?

Everything?

Is anybody going to look, huh? Are any of you going to look? And frankly, the FBI should be ashamed of themselves and so should the Department of Justice and so should Biden, OK.

And Andrew Weissmann is the main culprit?

With respect to this firm.

He's a bad guy.

OK.

It's basically modernization of equipment and methods. And it's something that really, I think, is going to be a great. The secretary of the Treasury wanted it, Scott. And so we're doing this. And we have other modernization programs going on. We could let somebody else whoever's next, whoever that may be do it, but it's something that should have been done 25, 30 years ago.

OK.

All right, good.

Many of these things should have taken place decades ago or longer.

OK, you all understand that, yes? Election fraud, you've heard the term. We'll end it, hopefully. At least this will go a long way toward ending it. There are other steps that we will be taking in the next -- in the coming weeks. And we think we'll be able to end up getting fair elections. Perhaps some people think I shouldn't be complaining because we won in a landslide.

But uh, we got to straighten out our election. This country is so sick because of the election, the fake elections and the bad elections. And we're going to straighten it out one way or the other.

And it's an honor to sign this one. To sign all of them, but to sign this one is a great honor.

Thank you very much.

So we're going to go around the room a little bit quickly. And we're going to introduce these very outstanding people. They've had, uh, in all cases, outstanding careers. They're very incredible people that are going along as rapidly as the system can go along. We're ahead of, I guess anybody else thus far.

So I want to thank John Thune. He's done a very good job and the whole Senate. We're being delayed as much as possible by Democrats, but that's standard. It gets to be just standard.

But the process is moving along very quickly. So, Sergio, just say hello and then we'll introduce everybody.

Charlie.

Thank you. Thank you, Charlie.

Thank you, James.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Good place. Good leader, too.

And you'll do a great job. Thanks, Pete.

They have stepped it up a lot, Mexico and Canada. So, let's see how it works. Right. Thanks.

Thank you, Matt.

Thank you very much. Thank you, George. President Trump.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

That man knows more about the border than anybody. I tell you. Thank you.

Thanks, Brandon.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Thank you, Mike. And Mike is an outstanding guy. We all -- they all are. And Mike, I think he's going to do wonders for Israel. He actually probably gets along with both sides and that'll be interesting to see. But the world is watching you, Mike. So good luck.

Good luck. You're going to do well. Thank you very much.

And have a good time. A really good time .

You're going to do fantastically. These are tremendously successful people and you two guys and then you add on Mike, I think they have a little more money than Mike , but he's got some other advantages. He's got some other -- like upstairs. He's got some big advantages . It's very exciting.

It's really exciting to have all of you. Would you have any questions, media, for the people that you just saw -- so outstanding, and I thought it would be nice to bring them before you. And so, if you have any questions, please.

So, we've made a lot of progress on two fronts, on both sections that we call them, we call them sections, but they're much more than that -- Russia, Ukraine and also the Middle East. And we'll see what happens. We're in deep discussions with Russia and Ukraine. And I would say it's going well, but it's a very -- it's a situation we should have never had to even think about, should have never happened.

And on the Middle East, that's been going on for a lot of years, centuries and centuries, it just keeps going. And we are making a lot of progress. So, it's all I can report. But some very, very big talks are going -- and detailed talks are going on right now on both fronts.

Excuse me, I didn't pick you. Go ahead, please.

The ceasefire agreement?

Well, they're going to get together. Look, it's -- they agreed to something, and they got broken. There's tremendous animosity. There's a lot of hatred, as you can probably tell. And it allows for people to get together, mediate it, arbitrate it and see if we can get it stopped. And I think it will -- it'll get stopped.

We have other countries involved and they're involved very strongly in the process. And that'll be resolved. Actually, as bad as it is that's the least of the problems. So, that will -- we'll get that resolved. And we are being aided by other countries too. Yes, please, all right.

Well, I would love to do that. I think it's very unfair. It's been very biased. The whole group, I mean the whole group of them. And frankly, there's plenty of -- look at all the media you have right now. There's plenty of coverage. I was from a different age, and they spent more money than any other network of its type ever conceived.

So, the kind of money that's being wasted and it's a very biased view, you know that better than anybody. And I'd be honored to see it end. We're well covered, look at all the people that we have here today. We're well covered, and we don't need it. And it's a waste of money, especially -- I don't even know what DOGEs recommendation is. I assume their recommendation is to close them up.

I can't imagine that they wouldn't because they have found so much waste, fraud and abuse, hundreds of billions of dollars and just waste, fraud, abuse. You heard yesterday some of the new things that were found, $22 billion just in -- billion.

You know, if you had $22 million, it would be nice, but $22 billion, put into environmental accounts. One was $2 billion, into one account. Stacey Abrams, where they had $100 in the account. And just before I came in, they put $2 billion, and you guys are looking. And say you mean $2 million or maybe $200,000. No $2 billion were put in the account.

What do you think of that, Mike? Do you think that's a straight deal? $2 billion?

It's just -- it's a horrible thing. And we had -- we have so many of those things. So they've done an incredible job. And the country wants to hear it. I think DOGE is actually very popular because of what's happening. They're hearing about all of these scams and for big, big money, tremendous amount. And when you add it up, uh, just hundreds of billions of dollars being wasted.

And much of its fraud. You know, we talk about waste, and it is waste and abuse, but a lot of its fraud to.

Yeah, go ahead, Brian.

Well, I think you're talking about a subject that is a heated subject. And we'll look into it. We're going to look into everything. But that's certainly a subject that's been debated for a long time. And we will look into it, yeah.

On which package?

Yeah, well, it would be great. I think we're going to do that. I think they're going to do it. I think we're also going to be codifying a lot of the executive orders that we've done, which have been very popular. And we're looking at one, I will tell you right now that I think perhaps will be controversial but not with the people and that sanctuary cities.

We're going to end sanctuary cities for some of these jurisdictions that aren't cooperating with law enforcement. They're guarding criminals. They're taking the rights away from the citizens of this state and their city. And we're going to be ending sanctuary cities if we find it necessary to do in certain major areas.

And we may just end the entire thing all together. Because it's just a way of protecting criminals. And nobody else is benefited by that. And for some reason, Democrats want to keep it and they want to shield criminals from being sent back to their countries or being sent to prison. And in the meantime, the crime rate has gone through the roof.

Under Biden, it was through the roof. It's starting to come down, but we're taking a lot of people out of here. So we may be presenting you very shortly with an executive order ending sanctuary cities.

Well, I think it's a question I've been asked now, and I've given a few answers and they've all been the same. We have an amazing group. Our national security now is stronger than it's ever been. We have had a very, very successful numerous attacks on that area. These are people that shoot down ships, not only our ships, ships all over the world, they're shooting down right out of the water and damaging them badly or they're going down.

They're also shooting anything that happens to be flying in the area. We hit them very, very hard. There was no classified information as I understand it. They used an app, if you want to call it an app, that a lot of people use. A lot of people in government use. A lot of people in the media use. And I think I'll ask Mike.

Mike is here. Do you want to respond to that please?

We had a very, very successful -- excuse me. We had a very, very successful evening. And we've had numerous successful evenings and days in that area. The Houthis are absolutely on the run. The worst of them have been killed. This should have been done a long time ago by Biden, but Biden was an incompetent president.

He couldn't do anything. He wouldn't -- he didn't know where -- where he was going. He had no clue. This guy had no clue. This should have been done a long time ago as they shoot missiles at ships, randomly shoot missiles at ships. And -- and they make their own missiles. You know, this is not an incompetent group of people.

They make their own missiles. They get the missiles also from Iran. It's an offshoot of Iran. Another offshoot. You have Hamas. You have Hezbollah. You have the Houthis. You've got a lot of stuff going on with Iran. And we sent a letter to Iran. You're going to have to be speaking to us one way or the other pretty soon because we can't let this happen.

But that's an app that a lot of people use. And somebody got on it. I happen to know the guy's a total sleazebag --

From the Atlantic. The Atlantic is a failed magazine. It does very, very poorly. Nobody gives a damn about it. It gives -- this gives it a little bit of a shot. And I will tell you this that they've made up more stories and -- and they're just a failing magazine. The public understands that. He's a very good man.

That man is a very good man right there, that you criticize so strongly.

He's a very good man. And he will, uh, continue to do a good job. In addition to him. We had very good people in that meeting. And those people have done a very, very effective job. And you're going to see it. And it goes on, by the way. It's going to go on. And I think the Houthis wish that it didn't happen.

But that's what it's all about. We have to create a safe country, a safe world, and that's what we're doing.

Do I plan to ban who?

Well, I don't know what is -- I don't know anything about Signal. I wasn't involved in this. But I just heard about it. And I hear it's used by a lot of groups. It's used by the media a lot. It's used by a lot of the military. And I think successfully. But sometimes somebody can get onto those things. That's one of the prices you pay when you're not sitting in the situation room with no phones on, which is always the best frankly.

But you know, you -- the best is to be there. In fact, oftentimes I've been in the -- in fact, just last week, I was in the situation room with something very important. And we had a couple of people hooked up by line. And I said cancel the line. Sorry, fellas. What you do is we'll tell you all about the meeting.

Because I know people do get on those lines, whether it's Signal or anything else. Yeah?

Well, I mean, look, we look at everything. And you know, they've made a big deal out of this because we've had two perfect months we're bringing -- we are bringing in business. We have another one announced tomorrow, a big one very big. Like, in the history of our country, nobody's ever seen anything like it. And I think probably a lot of people are saying it's -- they started by saying it was the greatest first month that a president has ever had.

And I think that's true. And now they say it's the best second month. And they had to find something. And this -- certainly, we'll look at this. But the main thing was nothing happened. The attack was totally successful. It was I guess from what I understand, it took place during. And it wasn't classified information, so this was not classified.

Now if it's classified information, it's probably a little bit different. But I always say you get -- you have to learn from every experience. I think it was very unfair the way they attacked Michael. Uh, he's a good person. The person that was on just happens to be a sleazebag, so maybe that's just coincidence.

I don't know.

Well, I don't know. I'd have to ask the military about that. Because you know, maybe you wouldn't want that. I don't know. I will say this. That from what I heard, the -- the man that we're talking about, who's not somebody that I don't think most people have ever heard of, he left -- he -- sounded very boring and he left early, he got off the line very early.

So, I can't speak to it other than that. So, he's made up a lot of stories and I think he's basically bad for the country. But it's a failing venture, a very failing venture. They're very upset and a thing like this is publicity for them. But I don't think we should allow people that are very good like that man sitting right at the end of the table who's done a great job -- we shouldn't allow them to be hurt by it.

No, that's not what I said. I said we'll look into it, but everybody else seems to be using it. It seems to be the number one used device or app -- whatever you want to call it. And we will certainly -- look, if it was up to me, everybody would be sitting in a room together, the room would have solid lead walls and a lead ceiling and a lead floor.

But you know, life doesn't always let you do that. In the meantime, the attack itself that we were talking about and discussing has been an unbelievable success.

Yeah, I want to look into --

Anything like that, I would ask them, it's not really an FBI thing. It's really something having to do with security -- security like will somebody be able to break in? Are people able to break into conversations. And if that's true, we're going to have to find some other form of device. And I think that's something that we may have to do. Some people like Signal very much, other people probably don't. But we'll look into it. I think, Michael, I've asked you to immediately study that and find out.

If people are able to break into a system -- now in this case, it wasn't that the -- this attack was going on and nobody found out anything. And again, the person that was on, as I understand it, he left very early because he didn't find it very exciting, but I think it's something you should look into.

One of the other things, and sometimes you have to move very quickly and there are other devices that are very good, but they are very, very cumbersome and you're not able to use them from a practical standpoint. So, all we can do is find out the best we have with modern technology. They'll probably get better over the years.

Yeah, go ahead.

They will be looking at them and we're thinking about all of them right now. There are about five or six conditions, we're looking at all of them.

About what?

We've pretty much looked into it. It's pretty simple, to be honest. It's not -- it's just something that can happen. It can happen, you can even prepare for it and it can happen. Sometimes people are hooked in and you don't know they're hooked in. They're hooked into your line and they don't even mean bad by it, but it's not a perfect technology.

There is no perfect technology. The really good ones are very cumbersome, very hard to access. And I think we're going to look at -- we always want to use the best technology. This was the best technology for the moment, but again it wasn't classified. So, they probably viewed it as being something that wasn't that important.

And it obviously -- with the attack being -- I mean, I don't know if it's been read out to you yet, but that attack was a tremendous success for the US, a tremendous success.

No, I don't think he should apologize. I think he's doing his best. It's equipment and technology that's not perfect and probably he won't be using it again, at least not in the very near future. What are your --

A lot of times you find out defects by exactly things like that, but I don't think it's something we're looking forward to using again. We may be forced to use it. You may be in a situation where you need speed as opposed to gross safety and you may be forced to use it. But generally speaking, I think we probably won't be using it very much.

Do you really want me to answer that? Yeah, I think they've been freeloading. The European Union has been absolutely terrible to us on trade, terrible. And as you know, NATO, I got them to pay hundreds of billions of dollars. They were way behind. And if you look, even if you look at Ukraine, so we're in for $350 billion because of Biden -- should have never happened -- this war should've -- . All these dead people should not be dead.

All these broken cities that are demolished down to the ground, those gorgeous towers, the most beautiful in the world, the most beautiful spires in the world. The spires in Ukraine were said to be the most beautiful of all. Just about every one of them is lying on its side in a million pieces. It's so sad to see what's happened to a heritage.

No, I think that -- I think when they say the European Union and the -- and you could say NATO also. Look, NATO -- and I don't blame NATO for this. I don't blame Europe for this. I blame Biden for the fact that he didn't make them equalize. And to this day I said to him you got to catch up, you got to equalize.

But why are they in for $100 billion and we're in for possibly $350 billion? It shouldn't be -- it shouldn't be. And you could say more important for them because we have an ocean in between. So, it's one of those things. You'll be seeing a Liberation Day. I call it Liberation Day in America. You're going to be seeing an April 2nd -- didn't want to do it on April 1st for the obvious reason, April 2nd. But you'll be seeing tariffs.

And I think I've been very fair, I have them set, but I think I've been very fair to countries that have really abused us economically for many, many decades.

Well, I know this, that for the first time in like 50 years, right track, wrong track -- we're on the right track and I think people see that. And if you look at prices, prices are way down. You know, when I first came here, the first time I met with you people officially, they were screaming at me about eggs.

I said I've been here for a week, and I'm being yelled at about eggs. Egg prices have come down 45-50 percent in the last week and a half. And our secretary of agriculture has done a great job. As you know, Brooke, she's done a fantastic job. And others working with her have done a great job. But we brought eggs down at a level that nobody thought we could get at. I inherited that situation, and I inherited a grocery situation.

The groceries went way up -- an old-fashioned word, but it's a very descriptive word. Groceries have gone through the roof, and I used to campaign on it. I used to say we're going to get groceries down and we have got it down. I watched a certain newscast over the weekend and a congressman, democrat congressman said, well, Trump's done a lot, I agree.

He's been great on the border. He's been great on the military, but you know he hasn't brought prices down. That's false. Gasoline is way down, eggs are way down, groceries are down very substantially, but down, almost everything's down. Now I'd like to see interest rates come down a little bit. And you're going to see billions of dollars, even trillions of dollars coming into our country very soon in the form of tariffs because we were abused by presidents that, frankly, in all fairness, it wasn't their expertise, but they had no idea what they were doing.

I agree, it will be -- it'll create a lot of money and more jobs. But if you look, so in the last -- these gentlemen would know about it, and ladies, because some of the ladies are great businessmen in this room that are becoming ambassadors, great, really great, top of the line. When you look at the number of companies that have said, look, we're close to, I would say close to $4 trillion.

We never had numbers like that. The number one chip maker in the world from Taiwan coming in with $200 billion.

We have Apple -- look at Apple, $500 billion, $500 billion, and they're going to build plants all over the United States. They were all being built in China. You have many, many companies. And maybe above all, you have the car companies coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We have -- Honda is opening up one of the biggest plants in the world in Indiana.

And many car companies are coming in. We have AI. We're leading China by a lot in AI. And we're going to keep it that way. Because we've made it very good for them. And we're going to protect them. Once you're here, we'll protect them through taxes, through incentives and also through tariffs. Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you very much. Thank you.