Well, thank you very much. We very much appreciate the attention. Today is a big day in that we had a G-7, and President Macron is a very special man in my book. We were together. We did it together. And I think a lot of progress has been made. We've had some some very good talks with Russia. We've had some very good talks with others and we're trying to get the war ended with Russia and Ukraine.

And I think we've come a long way in a short period of weeks, and the president's been very helpful also. And we're also talking about trade, various trade deals that we will be doing with France. And we'll be discussing a little bit further then we'll have a press conference later on. You can ask some questions.

We'll be having a press conference in a little while. We're going to have lunch with the entire French staff and we look forward to it. And again, the relationship has been very special with France and very special with this gentleman on my right. And we look forward to keeping that going for a long period of time.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

That's the cathedral and they've done a fantastic job. The president's done a great job in bringing it back. That was a terrible thing like what, five years ago?

Watching that burn was a very horrible, horrible sight and you've done a fantastic job in bringing it back. So I congratulate you. Thank you for being here.

Thank you very much. Anybody want to ask a question or two?  question.

It looks like we're getting very close. The deal is being worked on where I think getting very close to getting an agreement where we get our money back over a period of time. But it also gives us something where I think it's very beneficial to their economy, to them as a country. But we're in for $350 billion.

How we got there, I don't know, but that's a lot of money, a lot of lot of money invested and we had nothing, nothing to show for it and it was the Biden administration's fault. The Europeans are in for about $100 billion and they do it in the form of a loan. And the Europeans have been great on this issue.

They understood it wasn't fair and we were able to work something out. But with the Ukrainians, I think I can say that we're very close. Scott's around here someplace and I think we can say that we're very -- hi, Scott. I think we're very close. Do you have something to say about that, Scott?

All right. Good. What?

Well, it'll be -- Europe is going to make sure that nothing happens. I don't think it's going to be much of a problem. I think once we settle, there's going to be no more war in Ukraine and it's not going to be a very big problem. It's going to be the least of it.

That who shut down?

Marco, do you have anything to say about that?

Is it a no, you said?

It's not a correct story.

No, we're helping Ukraine like nobody's ever helped Ukraine before. And I can say this, if I didn't become president, Ukraine would right now still be at a level where there would be no even thinking about a peace. And it's a sad thing that this happened. This would have never happened, this war, if I were president.

Zero chance, and it has happened. So my function is to get you out of the war, get them out of the war, let them live. It's a bloody war. It's a horrible war. Thousands of people have been killed a weak. And I would say Russia, may be 700,000 people. I think Ukraine probably a similar number, and that's not talking about the towns and the cities that have been blown up. That's talking about soldiers.

This has been a horrible, bloody mess and we're going to get it solved. We got to get it solved. And we're not talking about American soldiers, soldiers from this country. We're talking about Russia and Ukraine. But on a humanitarian basis, we have to get this very, very bloody savage problem solved. And I will say this also, it could lead to World War III if it's not solved.

There'll be a point at which it's not going to stop at those two countries. Already, there's such involvement from other countries and it could really lead to a very big war, World War III, and we're not going to let that happen either.

Yeah. European troops may go into Ukraine as peacemakers. So when the agreement is done, they can watch that everything is followed properly. I don't think that's going to be a problem. And a lot of the European countries, I think, I don't want to speak for France, but I know that the president has talked about doing that also.

I think that will be a very good day, when we can go in as peacekeepers as opposed to what's going on right now with everybody being killed.

Well, we're going to have a backing of some kind and obviously, the European countries are going to be involved and I don't think you're going to need much backing. I think that's not going to be a problem. Once an agreement is signed, Russia is going to get back to its business and Ukraine and Europe are going to get back to their business.

I don't think it's going to be a problem.

What?

I will be meeting with President Zelenskyy. In fact, he may come in this week or next week to sign the agreement, which would be nice. I'd love to meet him. We'd meet at the Oval Office. So the agreement is being worked on now. They're very close to a final deal. It will be a deal with rare earths and various other things.

And he would like to come, and I understand it, here to sign it and that would be great with me. I think they then have to get it approved by their council or whoever might approve it, but I'm sure that will happen.

Yeah. At some point, I will be meeting with President Putin also, yes.

I don't know when. We speak. We're trying to get this thing worked out. But yeah, at some point, I'll be meeting with President Putin too.

Yes, please.

I just want to tell you a little story. So we we're at the Eiffel Tower having dinner with your wonderful wife and with my wonderful wife, and we came out and he started speaking the French deal. And we didn't have an interpreter and he was going on and on and on and I was just nodding yes, yes, yes. And he really sold me out because I got back the next day and I read the papers.

They said, that's not what we said. He's a smart customer, I will tell you.

I don't use those words lightly. I think that we're going to see how it all works out. Let's see what happens. I think we have a chance of a really good settlement between various countries. And you're talking about Europe and you're talking about Ukraine as part of that whole situation. The other side has a lot of support also.

So let's see how it all works out. It might work out. Look, you can never make up lives. And one thing you can't, you can make up the money, but you can't make up the lives. A lot of lives lost. I think probably a lot more lives than people are talking about. It's been a rough war, but I think we're close to getting it solved.

Go ahead.

You're talking about the last email that was sent, where he wanted to know what you did this week? You know why he wanted that, by the way, I thought it was great, because we have people that don't show up to work and nobody even knows if they work for the government. So by asking the question, tell us what you did this week, what he's doing is saying, are you actually working?

And then if you don't answer, like you're sort of semi-fired or you're fired because a lot of people are not answering because they don't even exist. They're trying to find -- that's how badly various parts of our government were run by and especially by this last group. So what they're doing is they're trying to find out who's working for the government.

Are we paying other people that aren't working? And where's the money going? We have found hundreds of billions of dollars of fraud so far. And we've just started. We're actually going to Fort Knox to see if the gold is there because maybe somebody stole the gold, tons of gold. So I think it was, actually, there was a lot of genius in sending it. We're trying to find out if people are working and so we're sending a letter to people, please tell us what you did last week.

If people don't respond, it's very possible that there is no such person or they're not working.

No, no, no. That was done in a friendly manner. Only things such as perhaps Marco at State Department where they have very confidential things, or the FBI where they're working on confidential things. And they don't mean that in any way combatively with Elon. They're just saying there are some people that you don't want to really have them tell you what they're working on last week.

But other than that, I think everyone thought it was a pretty ingenious idea. We have to find out where these people are, who are they. And we said, if you don't respond, we assume you're not around.

You're not getting paid anymore too. So we're doing a real job and we just had a poll come out, I guess the Harvard poll, saying that it's massively popular, what we're doing.

NATO is very much involved in this. When I first got elected at the very beginning, first term, I got hundreds of billions of dollars put into NATO. NATO had no money because they hadn't paid for years. And I said, look, if you don't pay and we're not going to be a part of NATO, we're not going to protect, we're not going to do what we're supposed to do. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars into NATO.

No, NATO is a good thing if it's done properly and if it's used properly.

What? Can you talk up a little bit?

No, louder. Can you talk a little louder? You have a beautiful voice, but you're not -- where are you from?

From Italy. Oh, I love Italy. Go ahead.

Well, look, I love Italy and Italy is a very important nation. We have a wonderful woman as your leader and she was on the conversation today, one that we had, the G-7. And no, I think Italy is doing very well. I think Italy has got very strong leadership with Georgia.

Any other questions over here?

Yes, ma'am.

With respect to what Russia?

Yeah, we're trying to do some economic development deals. They have a lot of things that we want and we'll see. I mean, I don't know if that will come to fruition, but we'd love to be able to do that if we could. You know, they have massive rare earth. It's a very large -- it's actually the largest in terms of land; it's by far the largest country and they have very valuable things that we could use and we have things that they could use and it would be very good if we could do that.

I think it would be a very good thing for world peace and lasting peace. Well, I mean our first, by far, our first thing that we want to do, the first element of the overall transaction is ending the war. But just as we're doing with Ukraine, if we could do some economic development in terms of Russia and getting things that we want, something like that would be possible.

Yes.

Yes, go ahead, please.

I would rather not explain it now, but it's sort of self-evident, I think.

Well, it's not increasing, it's reciprocal. So whatever they charge us, we're charging them. So it's not a question of increasing. If they charge us 20 percent, we charge them 20 percent. If they charge us 30 or 40 percent, then we do that too. So that would be on European Union, but that really would be with respect to everybody.

It's reciprocity. So reciprocal, whatever they charge us, we charge them. Nobody has a problem. Even you, I see you have a problem.

I mean, not soon. But I would be certainly -- if this all gets settled out, which I think it will, sure, I would go there. And he'd come here too.

I don't know the 9th of May. No. I think that's pretty soon. But no, at the appropriate time, I would go to Moscow.

I think the war could end soon.

Within weeks.

Yeah.  you think so? I'd like to ask you. I think we could end it within weeks if we're smart. If we're not smart, it'll keep going and we'll keep losing young, beautiful people that shouldn't be dying and we don't want that. And remember what I said, this could escalate into a third world war and we don't want that either.

No, I think they at some point will agree to that. I think they probably wanted to. And I think once you have a ceasefire, it's going to end because they're not going from a ceasefire back to war. I think people have had their full. I'm just glad I was able to help because there was no communication with Russia until I came along.

Biden didn't communicate. He couldn't communicate with his own child. So Biden didn't communicate, he couldn't. It was terrible. He hadn't spoken to Putin in three years. You're trying to end a war. People are being killed. Every week, thousands of people are being killed, soldiers, in this case, mostly.

Also towns, as missiles go in and back and forth. No, it's a shame. This should have never happened. This is a very sad -- this is going to go down in the history books. This is a very sad moment because that should have been stopped. That should have never started. And if it did start, it should have stopped the first week, not three years later, OK? OK?

Please.

That is the most beautiful language. I have no idea what he's saying, but that is the most elegant, beautiful language. Go ahead, please.

Can you speak up, please?

Well, we're going to see. It's a negotiation that's just starting and they've been fighting and there's been a lot of land that's been taken. So we'll have to see how that works out. That's part of the negotiation. I will say, there was great unity in that room today. They were via Skype or whatever, but it was great, tremendous unity today in that room with the other countries.

That's not an easy thing to do. Is it, right? It's not an easy thing to do. Asking whether or not you can take back the land that they lost. And I say that, yeah, perhaps some of it, yeah. I hope so, but that's not an easy thing to do.

It's going to be something we're talking about.

Yeah, he will accept that he will that.

I've asked him that question.

I've asked him that question.

Look, if we do this deal, he's not looking for more war. He doesn't mind, but I've specifically asked him that question. He has no problem with it.

Just so you understand, Europe is loaning the money to Ukraine. They get their money back.

If you believe that, it's OK with me. They get their money back, we don't and now we do, but that's only fair.

Well, we're negotiating everything and everything is on the table and we'll see if we can get some land back and we'll see about a lot of different things. And we're going to be making a little speech and say a few words. In a little while we're going to have another meeting, a luncheon meeting and we'll see you in about two hours.

OK? Thank you very much, everybody.