Thank you very much for being here. We have largely an energy group today. We're looking to be very energy-dominant, and we will be in a very short order. These are great professionals. But before we do that, we'll be signing an executive order having to do with COVID and schools. Lindsey.

OK. And that will -- meaning they want to clear that up --

The discrepancy.

OK. OK, that solves that problem.

Yes, it'll go through the Department of Education. OK? Thanks.

Yes, please.

Great. Thank you very much. People wanted that very badly. OK.

Good. Thank you. And this is a big deal. We have more energy than any other country. And now, we're unleashing it, to put it nicely. And I'd like to ask -- Doug, you're going to be heading it up, you and Chris, would you say a few words about it, please?

That's right.

That's great. Thanks. Appreciate it.

Yes.

Right. Thank you very much, Howard. Please.

Thank you very much, Kevin. And we are also working on a project that has been under wraps for 20 years. Everybody wanted it. It's been held up by New York. It's a pipeline that will bring down the energy prices in New York and in all of New England by 50, 60, 70 percent. It should have been done years ago.

We'll be speaking to New York. And the New York is actually the biggest beneficiary because their energy costs are very high. This will reduce it very substantially. But the -- all of the governors want this to happen, and I think it's going to happen. It's now going to happen. It's something that's -- would rather not have to go eminent domain.

We'll do that if we have to in New York. But hopefully, we won't have to do that. This, again, will bring down energy prices in New England by numbers that nobody can even believe, probably 50 or 60 percent, maybe even more than that. A lot of them don't even pay energy because they have no energy. They use logs.

They go out, and they cut down a tree. It's really a terrible situation. So, we're going to get this done, and we can have it done. Once we start construction, we're looking at anywhere from nine to 12 months, if you can believe it. It's going to go very rapidly. The other thing I'd like Doug to mention, the 635 million acres that Biden so viciously took out of our -- our net worth.

If you look at it from the standpoint of a company, you talk about net worth. They've destroyed our net worth. We're putting it back. It will be back as of this afternoon. And, Doug, could you mention that, all of the millions and millions of acres that he just handed back to nobody?

OK.

Further anything. You can't even --

Right.

The amount of money that he took off our balance sheet, if you look at it as a balance sheet, it was incalculable. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And he did that, I guess, in the last few days of the administration. He just wiped it out, 635 million acres, which, if you sit down and look, it's like -- that's a major part of the ocean, and he just gave it away and took it away.

And fortunately, it wasn't done with an act of Congress or anything. And we did it in a, I think, very abbreviated, very quick, and very legal procedure. And it's now back on our balance sheet. It's back as part of our country. What they did was so horrible. It was just a terrible thing to do, an unbelievable thing to do. Also, they mentioned dishwashers and sinks and showers, the whole thing.

We're going to get rid of those restrictions. You have many places where they have water, they have so much water, they don't know what to do with it. But people buy a house, they turn on the sink, and water barely comes out. They take a shower, water barely comes out. And it's an unnecessary restriction.

And basically, I think we're going to be going back to the Trump rule. We had it, and everybody was happy. And then these people came in, and they restricted it again. So, we're going back, and we'll get it approved by Congress. In addition, we'll get it approved by Congress. So, for four years, it's good, but we're going to get it permanently taken care of. And again, very environmental -- very environmentally friendly.

But we want to be able to -- when somebody turns on a sink to wash their hands or presses the button for a dishwasher and there's barely enough water to -- I mean, there's no water. And you know they do? They -- they press the button 10 times. They run it 10 times. So, it ends up costing a lot more. So, I know you're working on that, and where are we on that?

Right.

Good. Well, we have more oil and gas than anybody else in the world. We're opening up ANWR again. As you know, we got something. Ronald Reagan couldn't do it. No president was able to do it. I got it. And the first week in office, the Biden administration terminated that. ANWR is the biggest site, probably bigger than Saudi Arabia.

We don't know yet, but it's of that size or bigger. And we hit gold. And I call it liquid gold, but we hit gold. And they -- for whatever reason, they terminated it. And we were just ready to start utilizing it. This could take care of all of Asia, energy-wise, very close to Japan. In fact, Japan wants to go and be our partner in doing the pipeline going right into the ships.

So, they expressed tremendous interest, so did Prime Minister Modi of India. And just in closing, both Prime Minister Modi and the prime minister of Japan, both very good people, they said, "We couldn't make a deal. We couldn't get any energy." I mean, you wonder what was going on with our country. They couldn't make a deal to get any energy from the Biden administration.

They just couldn't do it. There was nobody to deal with. They didn't know how to go about it. And they're very happy that we're here. But we're going to really benefit our taxpayers, and we're going to benefit our country. So, I want to thank everybody for coming. This is a very big bill. This is really going to be energy-dominant.

We're going to be energy-dominant like nobody else. And this doesn't even discuss all of the electricity that we're going to be producing for all of the AI plants. You know, they need double the electricity at least that we have right now. So, you take all of our electricity that we have all over the country just for AI to do it right and to win that war, which we're leading by a lot because of what we've done over the last few weeks.

We're leading by actually a lot. But if you take all of it, we have to double our electricity needs just for the AI, and that doesn't include the other technologies. So, it's a real honor to sign this bill. We're going to also work on CAFE standards. Lee, you're going to be doing that and make that whole situation, bring that back into reality.

And I think very quickly having to do with cars. Thank you very much.

No. But in two weeks, we will have another one. Yesterday was very big. Reciprocal tariffs was very big. And I explained to the prime minister of India, Prime Minister Modi, very good man, is tariffs are very, very high. India's tariffs are among the highest. And I said, well, now, you know, we -- we were very low.

We were the lowest. They're just about the highest. There are others as high but not much higher. And I said, "No, no. From now on, what we do is what you charge us, we charge you. It's very simple. So, whatever you're charging us -- you can go as high as you want. Whatever you charge us, we charge you."

And I wouldn't say they were thrilled to hear that, but that's the way it is. Tariff, I told you, is a beautiful word, fourth most beautiful. Did he make any pledges about BRICS nations not undermining the dollar? You had threatened 100 percent tariffs. Yeah, yeah. BRICS -- the BRICS nations, I think that's breaking up very rapidly.

We said that if they're going to go and do anything to undermine the dollar -- that includes China. I don't even know that they're a member of BRICS. But they had a few nations get together to try and play cute. And I said we're going to put 100 percent tariff on every one of those nations. And at the mere thought of saying that, I think that's all broken up. That idea has no longer sailed.

Now, that would be a terrible thing for our country. It would be bad for the world. They wanted to undermine the dollar. Six nations got together, they wanted to undermine the dollar. That doesn't -- that didn't work out too well. Not going to happen. And we're getting along with a lot of nations now, frankly.

There's a lot of respect for the United States. We have regained our -- the respect that we should have, and -- but we've also done things to deserve it. I mean, we've freed up our country. And you're going to see this is basically energy dominance, and it's going to be environmentally clean, environmentally wonderful.

And taxes will be very reasonable based on this. We're going to make more money than anybody has ever made with energy. We have more energy than anybody else, and it's clean energy, very clean, beautiful energy. We're lucky we have it. I call it liquid gold under our feet. And we're going to utilize it. So, this is a very big bill.

And I have a very talented group of people behind me. This gentleman was the No. 1 man in all of the oil industry. They said there's nobody like him, Chris, Chris Wright. And you know Doug. Doug actually made a tremendous fortune in technology, and he said, "I'm going to run for the governorship of --" He loves the state of North Dakota.

And he did, and he made it so energy powerful that he's -- I think he's -- I think you're more proficient at energy than technology. But what do I know? And this guy, everybody knows him, Sean. He's been -- he's -- he's done a fast study on transportation, and he knows -- he's learned a lot. Over the last few months, he's learned a lot.

He's -- he's really been great. And Howard has built one of the great companies, Cantor Fitzgerald. It was wiped out, completely wiped out other than a few people left in Europe, and he rebuilt the company into a bigger, better company. Cantor Fitzgerald is one of the most -- absolutely one of the top companies on Wall Street: stocks, bonds, trading.

And he took that -- I mean, he literally watched the plane go into the building, into the World Trade Center. Amazing story. That alone is amazing story. He was delayed because his wife insisted that he finally, after years, take his child to school. So, he took his child to school that one day because normally he would have been in the building at 6 o'clock in the morning.

That's that business, right? So, you -- you owe your wife a lot and your child a lot, right?

But his wife insisted that he take his child to school. For five years, he didn't do it. He was horrible. What kind of a father was he? "OK, I'll do it." And he took, and he was, therefore, driving down at 8:43, whatever the time was, down the West Side Highway, and he saw the plane go into the side of the building.

He said, "Wow." And he occupied the top three floors of the World Trade Center, of the one building of the World Trade Center. And you know what happened there. He lost 100 percent of the people in that. All -- his whole company was there. And he rebuilt his company step by step over years and became bigger and stronger, and he gave a tremendous amount of the profit to the families of the people that died, which he didn't have to do. And now, he's working with us. He did an incredible job.

I mean, anybody in that world, they know Howard Lutnick very well, and I'm honored to have him running commerce. He's going to be incredible. He loves it. He loves the country. And Lee was a great lawyer, a great congressman, very successful person, both as a lawyer and as a congressman, and knows a lot about the environment, cares about the environment.

And we were lucky that -- I was very happy that you joined, and he --

He was with me right from the beginning, always was with me, and I've always been with him. And Kevin Hassett, we know he's -- everybody knows Kevin, and he's fantastic. And you and Lindsey, you and your team are incredible, the job you've done -- done. We really appreciate it. Thank you, Will. And the job you guys are doing is really fantastic.

We're knocking this out. Brian, do you have a question?

Yeah.

Thank you, Brian. And I will say this, that this all started eight years ago when I got elected. We were doing this, not to the extent that we're doing it now, but we were doing this, and we became No. 1 in oil and gas by far.

And we were No. 3, even No. 4, some would say. We were -- when I left, we were No. 1 by a lot. And then they pulled way back, and the prices started going through the roof. And then they went back to my plan. But by that time, the prices had already gone up. So, they really disrupted it. But now, we're going to take it to a new level.

It's going to be amazing. And we're also -- it's very powerful, clean coal. We have more coal than anybody. This is good, beautiful, clean coal. And if you notice, China is opening up a coal plant a month. Germany is now opening up a coal plant every two months. Very powerful. It's probably the most powerful source of energy in terms of generation -- generation of electricity and other things.

And we're going to utilize our good, clean, beautiful coal and oil and gas. We have more than anybody of everything, and we're going to take advantage of it. And I appreciate everybody being here.

Please.

I haven't heard that. I mean, Roger is a very good friend of mine, and Pete is obviously -- he's been doing a great job.

I haven't heard -- let me -- let me look at -- you're telling me something I'm -- I have not heard about.

Generally speaking, yeah. Generally speaking, I was. So, I'll speak to Roger. I'll speak to Pete. I'll find out.

All forms of energy, yup.

I believe so, right?

Yeah, that's what it is. And, you know, they've been trying to get it for 20 years. And what it means is for New York, upstate New York, and even everywhere in New York, also other states, but, in particular, New England, that New England will now -- I think will cut the energy prices -- and big cuts in New York, too -- but cut the energy prices literally in half.

We have the permits. We have permits that just about everything we need, a New York permit. And I would imagine they'd want to do because their energy prices will come down so -- so far. And it's a lot of jobs for New York. It's a great thing for New York. Everybody wants it. We'll be meeting with the various governors, the governor of New York and the other governors, too.

And we can have it built in about nine months, and let's say one year, but we can actually have it built in pretty close to nine months. It's all set. We have most of the permits, almost all of the permits.

You're talking about steel and aluminum?

So, the steel, I saved the steel industry in my first term by putting on tariffs because China was dumping massive amounts of steel. Others also, but mostly China. And I put very substantial -- we took in $600 billion worth of tariffs from China. No other president has taken up -- literally haven't gotten $0.10 from China, not $0.10. And hundreds of billions of dollars came in from China.

And they understood it. They understood what I did. But the dumping stopped. And had I not done that, you wouldn't have one steel mill -- I think I can say not one steel mill operating in this country. And we need steel. We need steel. I mean, there are some things you have to have, and steel is one of them, for military, etc.

So, I think steel is going to be very strong. It's going to be very strong. I think it will go back to being really powerful. We saved it. I mean, we were talking about US Steel last week. We -- US Steel would have been closed, totally closed. We saved it. And now, it's going to become, I think, very, very profitable.

The tariffs are going to save a lot of industries.

Yeah, just go ahead. Finish it.

A minority stake, I wouldn't mind greatly, but what they're doing right now is they're going to be investors and they're going to be investing in, I think, debt and various other things. But we didn't want to let US Steel go to a foreign company. US Steel was the greatest company in the world for a period of 15 years.

It was -- you know, it was the big deal 80 years ago or so. And psychologically, we can't -- we can't even think about letting that happen. But what is going to happen, and we've already seen it, you see it in the stock price, with the tariffs, US Steel is going to be a real powerhouse again.

What did he say to ruffle them? I don't know.

Well, I heard his speech, and I tell you -- you're talking about JD's speech, right?

I heard his speech, and he talked about freedom of speech, and I think it's true in Europe. It's losing -- they're losing their wonderful right of freedom of speech. I see it. I mean, I thought he made a very good speech actually, a very brilliant speech. Yeah. And Europe has to be careful. And he talked about immigration, and Europe has a big immigration problem.

Just take a look at what's happened with crime, take a look at what's happening in various parts of Europe. I thought his speech was very well received, actually. I've heard -- I've heard very good remarks.

Yeah.

Well, I think this. I think that there were a lot -- a lot of people to blame. All I can say is, very simply, if I were president, that war would never have happened. And you know what else wouldn't have happened? The Middle East wouldn't be all blown up and October 7th wouldn't have happened either, those two areas.

You wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have October 7th. You wouldn't have Russia and Ukraine fighting. None of those things would have happened if I were president.

Yeah, please.

Yeah.

Howard, I'd say over the next -- sometime -- maybe around April 2nd. I would have done them on April 1st, believe it or not. This is -- I'm a little superstitious. No, literally, we had it planned for April 1st. I said, "Let's make it April -- April 2nd." You know how much money that costs? That costs a lot of money, just that one day, but we're going to do it on April 2nd, I think.

Is that right?

OK? Thank you.

Well, I don't know about it. I mean, obviously, I'm not involved in that. But I would say this, that if they had a problem -- and these are mostly people from the previous administration, you understand. So, they weren't going to be there anyway. They were going to all be gone or dismissed. If not, they know, on Tuesday, they're all being -- you know, the whole country is being because what you do is you come in and you put new people in. So, when you say resign, they're going to be gone anyway.

But I know nothing about the individual case. I know that they didn't feel it was much of a case. They also felt that it was unfair with the election. Look, I would know that better than anybody because I was weaponized more than any human being in the history, probably, of the world. And I won the election in a landslide, winning all seven swing states, winning the popular vote and everything else because the people got it. It was weaponized.

And I was weaponized literally weeks before the election. But I think there's also something to be said. I read that there's something to be said for what they were doing. It looked to me -- it looked to me to be very political. But why didn't they bring this up like four or five weeks ago, six weeks ago or whenever it happened?

You know, they just sat around and didn't complain. Then, all of a sudden, they complain. And they know they're all being dismissed anyway. So, you know, that's the way it is.

That's called politics, I guess.

Yeah, please.

I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow at 12 o'clock. If it was up to me, I'd take a very hard stance. I can't tell you what Israel is going to do. But I watched the last people come out, and I looked at their before and after picture. One guy was a big, strong, healthy guy. Could -- could you -- could say he was a little bit overweight.

He's not overweight anymore. He looks like he just came out of the Holocaust. It looks like a Holocaust picture. I've looked at him for a long time. And they've been treated very badly. The young lady came out last week, her hand was blown off. I mean, literally, her hand was trying to stop a bullet that was headed for her face.

She put up her hand. She goes like this and wiped out her fingers and a lot of her hand. No, I would -- I would take a different stance, but it depends. Look, it depends what Bibi is going to do. It depends what Israel is going to do. But -- and now, I understand they've totally changed -- Hamas has totally changed.

They want to release hostages now again. But you have to see, this started by them saying we're not going to release the hostages as we said we were. I said, "Good. You have till 12 o'clock on Saturday," which is tomorrow at 12 o'clock, "to do it." And we didn't hear anything. Then, all of a sudden, two days ago, they said, "No, we've decided we're going to release the hostages." So -- but I actually think they should release all of the hostages.

Remember, they're probably as -- as bad as they looked. I mean, I don't like to say that, but they look real bad four days ago, five days ago when I saw them. And the young ladies that came out were treated really badly. You don't know what happened, but I do. They were treated really badly. But as bad as they look, the ones that follow probably will look a lot worse.

I think they're sending out their most healthy. And they've been hit hard on that, Hamas. So, they probably didn't want to release. But they -- obviously, they changed their mind. I said 12 o'clock tomorrow. And all of a sudden, two days ago, yesterday, they said we're going to -- they're going back to releasing.

But this all started by them saying, "We are not going to release any more hostages." And then, yesterday, they said they are going to release the hostages. But I think they should release all of the hostages.

No. Look, that's 75,000 more than we would have had. And nobody knows what that final number is because, in the end, I think a lot of people aren't going to show up to work. A lot of people, they got used to staying home and -- and, quote, "working." But, you know, I wonder if they had other jobs or other things.

You know, you have a lot of -- they have a lot of problems with that. No, 75,000 is a lot of people. And we paid them well. You know, we gave them a lot of months of severance pay, if you call it that. But no, I think you'll probably have some more, too, in addition. It's a big, tremendous saving for a -- we want to downsize government but make it better.

Run it better but downsize. Yeah, please.

I did. I just signed a letter to him. He asked for a meeting, and I agreed to the meeting. We're going to have a friendly meeting, very good. We have a lot of good things going on. But he has to come and see me, and I just accepted his asking.

Very soon. I think he wants to come next week or the week after.

I don't know. It was his request, not mine. But, you know, I've met him twice already. We get along very well. He's a very nice guy. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

I appreciate it. Thank you, Brian.