Isn't it? It's just -- it's such an incredible place?

Well, we're building a big ballroom, beautiful. Right here. If you go -- it would be right through that -- right through here.

It's going to be -- I'll tell you about it's going to be -- it's going to be fantastic actually. You can let them come in. I think we're going to have a successful talk today. Please come on in. Do you guys want to take some questions or anything?

Sí. Hi, Mark.

Yeah. Good. Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to have you here. A special place. White House is special no matter where you're from, represents so much and it really is beautiful and thank you for, uh, all of the wonderful things that took place today. We've had a very successful day thus far and important discussions as we work to end the killing and stop the war in Ukraine.

We're all working for the same goal, very simple goal. We want to stop the killing, get this settled. I've, uh, just had the honor of being with President Zelenskyy and all of the discussions that we've had. We covered a lot of territory and I spoke indirectly with President Putin today. We're going to call President Putin right after this meeting.

I'm sure we're going to have a solid meeting, good meeting, maybe a great meeting and we're going to try and work out a trilat after that and see if we can get it finished, put this to sleep because this is -- not since the Second World War has there been anything like this, so I'm honored to welcome NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte, who's a great gentleman, great, great political leader in Europe generally.

But now he's the NATO secretary general and you're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Mark. Prime Minister Starmer of the United Kingdom, our friend and my friend and are doing really well and people like him a lot. We all like him. Everyone knows President Macron of France who's been with me from the beginning, one of the first people I met as a foreign dignitary and I liked him from day one and I like him even more now.

That's pretty good. That's unusual. That's a pretty unusual thing. Prime Minister Meloni of Italy, who's a -- they are really a great leader and an inspiration over there. She's, uh, she's served now even though she's a very young person, she's served there for a long period of time relative to others, they don't -- they don't last very long.

You've lasted a long time. You're going to be there a long time. Uh, Chancellor Merz of Germany,, who is a very strong person and a very strong leader and very highly respected in Germany. And he's my friend and it's an honor to have him as my friend. Thank you very much, very good. You look great with your tan.

Where did you get that tan?  I want to -- I want to get a tan like that.

President Stubb of Finland, and he's, uh, he's somebody that -- where are we here -- where -- where?

Oh. You look better than I've ever seen you look. But you've done a great job and we wanted to have you here because you're somebody that we all respect. And, uh, you've had a lot to do with the success, I think, and the potential success. And thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. And the president of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is, uh, somebody that we just made a big deal with -- with all of those countries, I don't know.

I think you might be more powerful than all these guys at this table. I don't know. But you -- we had a great negotiation and uh, you're respected all over the world. So I want to thank you very much for being here. It's a great honor to have you. The Alaska summit reinforced my belief that while difficult pieces within reach and I believe that in a very significant step, President Putin agreed that Russia would accept security guarantees for Ukraine and this is one of the key points that we need to consider.

And we're going to be considering that at the table also like who will do what essentially. I'm optimistic that collectively we can reach an agreement that would deter any future aggression against Ukraine. And I actually think there won't be -- I think that's even over --overrated, largely overrated. But we're going to find out.

And I think that the European nations are going to take a lot of the burden, we're going to help them and we're going to make it very secure. We also need to discuss the possible exchanges of territory taken into consideration the current line of contact. That means the war zone, the war lines that are pretty obvious.

Very sad actually to look at them. And negotiating positions President Putin also you have president of Ukraine, who is, uh, you just met a little while ago and we're going to try and get a -- a three party meeting maybe as soon as we can. And I have a feeling you and President Putin are going to work something out.

Ultimately, this is a decision that can only be made by President Zelenskyy and by the people of Ukraine working also together in an agreement with President Putin and I just think that's a -- very good things are going to come of it. So I hope we have a good meeting and if we can have a good meeting, I'll set up a meeting with President Putin.

And if you'd like, I'll go to that meeting and not that I want to do that. But I will do that because we want to save a lot of people from dying. A lot of people are dying and we got to save them. We got to save it 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 people sometimes a week. All of us would obviously prefer an immediate ceasefire while we work on a lasting peace.

And maybe something like that could happen. As of this moment it's not happening, but uh, President Zelenskyy and President Putin can, uh, talk a little bit more about that. You know, in the six or so wars that we stopped, uh, we haven't had a ceasefire. And so I don't know that it's necessary, you can do it through the war, but it would be -- I like the ceasefire from another standpoint.

You immediately stop the killing, but I believe a peace agreement at the end of all of this is something that's very attainable and it can be done in the near future with all of the wars that I got involved in, we -- we only have this one left, of course, as I walk out the door, there will probably be a new one starting and I'll get that stopped too.

But I thought this was going to be one of the easier ones. It's actually one of the most difficult and very complex. The next step would be for a trilateral meeting and that will be worked out. And I just look forward to working and having a great result. We're going to spend a lot of time today talking about -- and we're really honored you guys came over.

I mean, these are the heads of major countries and, uh, respected all over Europe. And they speak for largely, I think, I should say, but, uh, pretty much for the other countries of Europe and, uh, we will come to a resolution today, I think, on almost everything, including probably the security and that's pretty much the story I'd like to say.

Mr. President, would you like to say something? You have the media. If you want, you could come over and you could stand or you could use mine or you could just turn around, whichever you feel comfortable with?

Very good.

And get the people back, yeah.

If you -- if you both want me there, I will be there, yeah.

Good map.

We'll get you one.

Thank you very much. I think you'll see that President Putin really would like to do something also. I think when we set that up, uh, when we do, I think it's going to be when not if I think you're going to see some very really positive moves. I know there's over a thousand prisoners and I know they're going to release them.

Maybe they're going to release them very soon like immediately, which I think is great. But we will -- uh, we're going to set that up today after this -- after this meeting. So very good and great remarks. I appreciate it. Mark, as head of NATO, maybe you could say a few words, please.

Well, NATO also has agreed from 2 percent to 5 percent, which is something that is a massive amount of money and it's 2 percent that wasn't always paid to 5 percent that is paid. That's a big difference. And so we appreciate that. That was a great move. Thank you very much. Ursula, maybe on behalf of the commission, you could say a couple of words.

-- That's right.

Thank you. And we did -- I was just thinking we're here for a different reason, but we just a couple of weeks ago made the largest trade deal in history. So that's a big -- that's a big thing and congratulations. That's great. Thank you very much, Ursula. Uh, Mr. Chancellor from Germany, a very, very, very great leader.

Well, we're going to let the president go over and talk to the president and we'll see how that works out and if we can do that, I will say and again I say it in the six wars that I've settled, I haven't had a ceasefire. We just got into negotiations and they are one of the wars was, as you know, in the Congo was 30 years -- 31 years long.

Uh, another one that we settled last week with two great countries was 35 years going on and we had no ceasefire. So if we can do the ceasefire, great and, uh, if we don't do a ceasefire because many other points were given to us. Many, many points were given to us. Great points. Please, Giorgia, go ahead.

Thank you very much. Emmanuel?

Thank you very much, Emmanuel. Mr. Prime Minister?

Well, thank you very much and you know it's very interesting because this is the first for the White House. You can't say that very often. It's seen a lot over the years over the -- since 1800s, 1799 to be almost exact, uh, but this is the first where we've had so many prime ministers, presidents, the heads of European nations.

And by the way, Alex, I'd like you to say a couple of words too. You're a young, powerful man. Before I finish up, I want you to say a couple of words. Go ahead.

Thank you, Alex, very much. Good job. So, we're going to be meeting for a while and we're going to discuss some of the issues and I don't think there's any issue that's overly complex. It's at a point now where people want to do things. I do -- I really do believe I've known him for a long time. I've always had a great relationship with him.

I think that President Putin wants to find an answer too. And we'll see and in a certain period of time, not very far from now a week or two weeks, we're going to know whether or not we're going to solve this or is this horrible fighting going to continue. We'll do our best to get it ended. And I believe you have two willing parties and usually that's good news.

But two willing parties that want to make a deal and we'll journey together and we'll go over and we'll see if it can be done and it's possible it might not be able to be done. On the other hand, it's possible it will and we're going to save thousands and thousands of lives a week. And so it's something we really have to do and or at least we have to give it our best.

It's all you can do, you can give it your best, but I think we may have a very good outcome. So, I want to thank you all and the media, I want to thank you. We're going to be staying here for a little while, then we're going to walk over to the Oval Office, and we're going to have another little discussion about similar matters.

And then they're going to go home to their great countries and report, and I'm going to remain here and work and you're going to go and work. We're all going to be working when -- we may be in a different location but that's what we know how to do is work. But I want to thank the media has been actually very fair.

Generally speaking, very fair. I think it's important that they're fair because this is a -- this is a very important -- this is a very important subject. We have to get it ended. And so that's all we ask for is fairness with the media. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you.