Thank you very much for being here. We had a very, very good cabinet meeting. We're on our way to some tremendous numbers. I think, first of all, many companies are now moving into the United States. They're coming back. Some of them left us from many years ago, decades ago, and they're all -- it seems they're all coming back.

We have probably identified maybe $4 trillion worth of companies moving back or going to move back, and many of them have announced. It's going to be tremendous jobs, high-paying jobs, too. And you probably know, the chip business -- not because of the CHIPS Act, which was a disaster. You gave billions of dollars to companies that already have many billions of dollars.

They're just -- they said, "Thank you very much." It was no incentive for them to use it. But what is good is the tariffs, we'll make it so that they want to come back. That's why they're coming back. I think they're coming back because of the election that took place on November 5th and because of the fact that they have to come back because the tariffs are forcing them to come back.

And remember, there are no tariffs if you build here, and that's a big factor. So, we have record numbers. Howard was just telling me the numbers that we're talking about are crazy, beyond anybody's wildest expectations. So, they'll be doing a lot of -- a lot of building, all sorts of businesses, including the basics of automobiles.

We have -- as you know, Indiana is -- Honda is coming in with a massive plan to Indiana. But there are many plants that are happening. And literally, some have started already. General Motors is already redoing plants that were half abandoned or they have plants that weren't being fully utilized. They're going to be -- they and others are going to be making parts and other things in those plants so that it's one-stop shopping finally.

It's ridiculous. You had to go to Mexico. You had to go to Canada. The car went all over the place, it was like -- I don't know how -- how that would have worked. But that's the way it sort of ended up. We had a deal and -- we have a deal, it's fine, but people took advantage of the deal. They cheated. And when you cheat, the deals are unfortunate.

But now, what's happening is the numbers are beyond our wildest expectations. Now, having to do with cutting, we've done a lot of cutting, a lot of cutting from people, ideally the people that aren't doing their job. In many cases, people weren't attending jobs. In some cases -- in many cases, people didn't exist.

They had on the government roles people that don't even exist. But of the ones that did exist, as you know, many didn't come to work, many had no intention of coming to work, many were paid and working someplace else. There were lots of bad scenarios, but they're being weeded out. And I think we're probably ahead of schedule on that.

And to me, something that was just terrible is the contracts that were finding, the fraudulent contracts that we're finding where millions and millions of dollars and even billions of dollars, in some cases, were given out. And we'll -- I think we'll start with that. I'd like to start with Doug Burgum, secretary of the interior.

He told us about a couple of contracts that we have now found when he got there. They saw this with Chris and everybody, and they couldn't believe it. Doug, could you just --

Yeah.

Such pure fraud.

It's a fraud. But we've had many fraudulent contracts that were caught by the work that Elon and his people are doing and working with our people. It's been brought to light the fraud, not just waste and abuse. The fraud has been incredible. You mentioned one, Madam Secretary.

There's fraud.

Kelly, what about that?

That's amazing. And you have a lot of that. You found far too much of it. It's a pure fraud. We like to use the words waste and abuse because they make -- they sort of sound good. But many of these things are pure fraud. Now, there was a contract that you've heard about where Stacey Abrams got $2 billion just before we took over, and it was a rush to get her the money, and that was environmental, and nobody knows what she was doing, but 2 billion.

If you got 2 million, that's a lot. If you got 200,000, that's a lot. But this was $2 billion was given. Lee, do you want to talk about that and the other one that was even worse?

Thank you. Great job you're doing. So, we have a lot of that. We're getting down to a point -- we think probably over the next two or three months, we'll be pretty much satisfied with the people that are working hard and want to be members of the administration and our country, really. And they're doing -- a lot of good people.

We have a lot of great people. We want to keep the -- we want to keep the good ones, and we want to get rid of the ones that don't exist and we want to get rid of the ones that do exist but don't work, and we have quite a few of them. Would anybody else like to say something before we take some questions from the press, please?

Doug Collins.

OK.

And, you know, one thing I want to add to it, it is not necessarily a very popular thing to do. You know, you're talking about employment, you're talking about people and the lives of people. And yet, I think the American public understands we're trying to save our country and make our country great again.

I mean you could say it, but we're trying to save our country from this extraordinary thing that was happening. What they were doing to our country was just a horrible thing. And I have no idea how it plays out in the public. I have -- I guess you see poll numbers that are very good numbers, but I don't know what that means long term.

But it's something that has to be done. If we don't do it, we're not going to have much of a country left. So, we have to do it. So, we're doing things that I think a lot of presidents wouldn't be inclined to do. But we're doing it to really -- you know, I don't want to use cliche, I don't want to say we're doing it to make America great again because I say that on the campaign trail, but there's really no other words that could express it better than that.

It's -- we're doing it to help our country. And our country was -- was riddled with fat like no country probably anywhere in the world, and we're getting rid of the fat. And at the same time, we're bringing in -- we're going to be bringing in millions of very good high-paying jobs and we're going to be taking in a lot of money.

Our country is going to be very strong. We've been ripped off by every country in the world, friend and foe. We were taken advantage of like nobody's ever seen. And you saw what happened today with Venezuela. We did something with Venezuela, which is long in the making, and it's very substantial. And we'll be announcing cars very shortly.

And we already announced steel, as you know, and aluminum. We'll be announcing pharmaceuticals at some point in the not too distant -- because we have to have pharmaceuticals. We don't make pharmaceuticals anymore in our country. And if we have problems like wars or anything else, we need steel, we need pharmaceuticals, we need aluminum.

We need a lot of these things that we sort of don't make anymore, and yet we're equipped to do it all. So, we'll be announcing some of these things in the very near future, not in the long future, the very near future. And it'll bring -- it'll bring in billions of dollars, billions and billions. And it'll bring in maybe more importantly jobs.

It'll protect the jobs we have. And it's going to be really, really quite amazing. Chris, did you have something to say?

Thank you. We're doing a great job on energy, by the way. We have -- we have things happening with energy that will knock your socks off. And really, amazing, amazing job. Howard, do you want to say a couple of words?

It's an interesting term, right, the External Revenue Service. We're going to take in a lot of money from the outside, and that's going to keep our taxes low and I think getting a lot lower. It's going to be a lot of money, and that will -- the external will take care of the internal to a large extent. So, I think it's -- it's going to be a beautiful transformation.

Linda, you might say a couple of words. You've done so amazingly. It's a 50 percent cut. And more importantly, we want to bring education into the states. We're at the bottom of the pack, but we're the most expensive per pupil, and we want to bring education back to the states where they can teach the students lovingly with their parents and with the boards and everything else, and they'll be every bit as good as these other countries.

These states -- these individual states will do a phenomenal job. You want to say something?

And, Linda, as you know, the SBA has taken over student loans, which is a lot of loans. It's a big job. And, Kelly, we appreciate that. You're going to do fantastically well. And Bobby is going to be taking over their various medical aspects and health aspects of the educational process. So -- and he's going to do a fantastic job of it. So, thank you very much.

Thank you very much. It's great. If you might, Madam Secretary, say a little bit about what's happening and how well we've done at the border.

That's great. Great job. Yesterday, there was a plaza that you know well, there'd be hundreds of thousands of people standing at that plaza, pouring into our country, totally unchecked, many people from jails and prisons and mental institutions and gang members, and horrible, horrible. And they just pour into our country.

Yesterday, I was speaking to somebody, I was checking on the border, and they said there was literally nobody in this massive plaza. You know what we're talking. A plaza that would hold hundreds of thousands of people. There was literally nobody there. There was one person sweeping it, but there were no people.

It's been amazing. It's been an amazing transformation, very quickly. And we're getting the bad ones out first, and we're taking them out. And there are some really bad ones, really bad ones, murderers, murderers of more than one people. At least 50 percent murdered more than one person. These are the people they were letting in through their open border policy.

It was terrible. But I want to just congratulate you and Tom Homan on the job you've done. You've been -- it's really --

Yeah. And these are killers that there's no reasoning. It's not like, oh, let's talk them out of it. These are stone-cold killers. They don't care. They don't even think about it. They kill somebody, they go to sleep, they wake up, they don't even remember they killed them. These are bad people that should have never been allowed into our country.

Pam is doing such a fantastic job. I thought maybe you could say a few words.

Thank you.

I couldn't have said that better. That's very good. That's very good. She's doing a fantastic job. Thanks, Pam. Do you have any questions, please?

Yeah. Yeah, please.

Well, I think what's going to happen is we are cleaning out a lot of things like the loans, student loans, which will be handled very professionally by people that do that. And then, as you know, RFK Jr. is going to do a fantastic job having to do with health and the other things and frankly better than the people at the Department of Education.

You see the buildings all over DC. And then the rest is the states are going to start coming in and taking all of the information on all of their students. And I think a lot of that information is going to be shipped to different states like Iowa, like Indiana, like so many. They're so anxious to get -- they're calling us, and they're so anxious to get it. We'll be shipping the records of the children that they're taking care of, that they want to take care of, and the process will begin.

And I think it won't be that long before the states will be really running the Department of Education. Our teachers are going to be taken very well care of. And I said, you know, personally, I don't care union, nonunion. That doesn't matter. Teachers are so important to this country and to me, and we're going to take great care of our teachers.

And I know it's very important to Linda. So, I think you're going to see a tremendous change very quickly having to do with education. And it's -- the process has already begun, very strongly begun. I think we've done, you know, in whatever it is, eight weeks, people are amazed at how much we've done in terms of the safety of the country.

In fact, I would like to ask maybe Marco to say a few words on what's happening with respect to, in particular, Russia and Ukraine, where we have some pretty good news. I think we want to get it stopped losing 2,500 young people, and these are Russian and Ukrainian people largely. And they're not American people, but on a human basis, we want to get it stopped, and we want to stop spending billions and billions of dollars to a country that we think it's -- it's time, and we're doing pretty well.

Marco, do you want to say something?

Thank you, Marco. And on the Middle East, another hotspot that we didn't have a problem with. There was no problem in the Middle East when we left. And now, there's a lot of problems in the Middle East, but we're working on that. But I think we've seen significant progress, and I think you'll have start -- we're going to start -- we were talking with the vice president a little while ago, and you're going to see countries start to fill up the Abraham Accords.

More and more countries want to join. That was a great success, tremendous success, and then Biden and his group did zero with it. That should have been filled up within a year of the election. It would have been filled up. So, countries are starting to want to get involved very much with the Abraham Accords again, so that'll be great.

JD, do you want to say something?

One other -- thank you, JD. One of the things that's very important I think to mention, I saw a show yesterday and they had a Democrat congressman on. It was on Fox. And he said, "Well, President Trump said prices would be coming down. And instead, he's focused on other things." Well, we are focused on a lot of other things like peace, like all of these companies that are moving in, and jobs.

But what he didn't say is that prices have come down very substantially. And if you look at -- when I came in, after one week, they were screaming at me about eggs. Eggs had nothing to do with me, but they went through the roof, and you couldn't get them. And now, they're down about 35, 40 percent, maybe even more than that.

I'm going to let -- Brooke, if you would just discuss that.

And groceries. Generally, prices are coming down, and energy prices are coming down. And I hope the Fed lowers interest rates, and then you're going to see interest rates coming down. And I'll have you speak about that in a second, Scott. Brooke, go ahead.

And the number is 53 percent, and they're readily available. So, that's -- I think it's a fantastic job. And overall, groceries are down, too. So --

So, the consumer is finally seeing some good news instead of year after year of prices going up because of grossly incompetent leadership. Scott, do you want to talk about interest rates, where you see it all going?

That's great. And you're doing a really, really good job. I hope -- I'd like to see the Fed lower interest rates. That's just my opinion. Because things are coming down, we have inflation under control. Tremendous amounts of money will be soon coming in from tariffs, which is about time that we were able to partake.

We've been ripped off by every country on that -- on that basis, and it's about time. But that will be, I think, very -- treated very fairly. We'd be very fair. But the money that we're talking about is rather astronomical, and it should be because we've put years and years -- I was able -- in the first term, we had a great first term, with the highest stock price increase ever, all the different things that we had.

But one of the things, we took in a lot of money in tariffs. And I had just started that process, and we had to slow it down because of the COVID. We didn't -- we didn't go forward. We had a -- we did a very good job with COVID, but that was something that happened to the whole world. It was a shame. What a shame, all those people dead and all of the problems that it caused for countries far worse.

I mean, some countries still haven't recovered. Economically, they haven't recovered. But we were -- we took in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs just starting the process. But this is a program that's going to be, I think, unbelievable for our country, and I think it's -- it's treating other countries very fairly, very, very fairly.

I'd like to ask, if I might, Sean Duffy to say a few words about the air traffic control situation. You know, there were some mishaps. One, in particular, the helicopter crashing into the plane. We have a system that's 40 years old. They spent tens of billions of dollars trying to patch it up and, you know, make it work, but it doesn't work.

And my pilot says they use different systems. They don't want to use our system, it's so obsolete. And it's an obsolete horrible thing that happened with respect to it, and we were going to -- I said, "Day one, if this happens, if we are successful, we're going to have to get a brand-new, modern, top-of-the-line air traffic system." And I think I can say that I've been working a little bit with Sean on it, but Sean's been working hard on it and with his new person at FDA, who's going to be terrific, by the way.

And maybe you want to talk to them about that because we need safety in the air, total safety in the air, and this will give that to you.

Two years.

Two years.

Actually, 18 months to be exact.

That's right.

Well, actually, we decided to see you after the cabinet meeting instead of before, and I think that's nice. But if you think about it, I guess never in history has anybody invited you to a cabinet meeting. We're very open and transparent, and we had a very good meeting today. So, I mean, you're standing here and you're seeing what the result of the meeting is. I think we're doing an amazing job for essentially eight weeks on the job.

I think it's -- there's never been anything like it. Did you have a question, please?

Thank you.

Yeah, well, not provocation. This is friendliness, not provocation. We're dealing with a lot of people from Greenland that would like to see something happen with respect to their being properly protected and properly taken care of. They're calling us. We're not calling them. And we were invited over there.

And I thought it would be a great -- I have great respect for the wife of our first -- of our great vice president. I think she's doing a -- she's a brilliant woman, she's a very nice woman, and she loves the concept of Greenland. And so, she's going there. And I think Marco is going there, and some others are going there.

But we've been invited. And they really like the idea because they have been somewhat abandoned, as you know. They haven't been taken well -- good care of. And I think Greenland is going to be something that maybe is in our future. I think it's important, it's important from the standpoint of international security.

And if you look at the ships outside of Greenland, you have Russia, you have China, you have lots of different people and lots of different places, and it cannot go on the way it is. It's not going to go on the way it is. I'll make a statement. It's not going to happen. So, they're going there, and that's purely friendship.

A lot of people, yeah. People -- people from Greenland are asking us to go there. We have many, many requests from many, many people, some officials, too.

Yes, please.

Well, we inherited a very, very bad and perilous situation from a group of people. Again, we just got here. From a group -- and this takes a long time to develop. From a group of people that truly didn't know what they were doing. And you see that with not only costs, you see that with all of these fake contracts that have been given out.

So, we inherited a bad situation. But I think we're going to have an economy that booms. I think when -- when it all kicks in, it's not going to take very long because some of these people that announced that they're going to spend billions of dollars -- I mean, literally, Apple is spending $500 billion.

They've never made anything close to that to do that. They're building plants here instead of China, instead of other places. When it all happens -- and it's going to happen very soon. These are people that are already -- in many cases, they're already starting. They just announced -- in some cases, they -- literally, they announced, but they actually started before the announcement, as you know, because some are already building.

This is going to kick in. I think it's going to be amazing. So, they're looking at -- based on numbers that I was looking at six months ago, seven months ago -- I was very concerned about the economy. We're going to have something that's like nobody's ever seen before. We have -- we have numbers, and we have job generation that I don't think we've ever seen before.

See how it works out, but I think the economy is going to go through the roof. OK.

Yeah, please. OK.

Well, probably, they have been influenced to get this thing settled because Ukraine wants to see it settled. I think they have to have it settled. And Russia wants to see it settled. And I think if I were president, this would never happen. Marco is doing a great job, and Steve Witkoff has been incredible, Michael Waltz.

We have a great group of people working on it. And it takes a good part of their day settling something that really -- well, it affects us monetarily because we've given so much money. And we're getting that done. In fact, Scott is telling me that the agreement on rare earths is just about completed. They'll sign it shortly.

So, it's -- as you know, Europe is in for a very small fraction of what we're in for. It affects them much more than it affects us. And again, they are in as a loan, which nobody knew until I came along. Europe is giving the money to Ukraine as a loan. We were just pouring money into Ukraine. It was a very unfair situation.

So, we made a deal on rare earths. But most importantly, we want to stop the killing that's going on. Two thousand five hundred, on average, mostly soldiers, a week are being killed, and they're Russian and Ukrainian. And if we can stop it, that's a very important thing to me on a human basis. OK? Anybody else?

No, we'll be signing it soon.

It'll be signed very soon.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, it's one of the things that we're talking about. I know that -- that no decision has been made. We're talking about territory right now. We're talking about lines of demarcation. We're talking about power -- power plant ownership. Some people are saying the United States should own the power plant and then work it that way because we have the expertise to fix it up, etc., etc.

So, OK, that would be -- something like that would be fine with me. But they are talking about ownership of the big nuclear power plant, in particular. But all of these things will come up, and they have come up, and we -- that has been discussed. Yes. OK, I want to thank everybody very much. This was a great meeting.

These are phenomenal people. We're lucky to have them. I have to tell you, I want to thank you all. And, Elon, I want to thank you. I know you've been through a lot with this horrible situation that happens.

It's very unfair. What he is is a patriot. He's a man that -- I can tell you. He's a friend of mine. He's become a friend of mine. He supported me in the election. That's when I got to know him really. I knew him a little bit from the first term, but not much. But he's a patriot more than anything else. He's never think of it. He has never asked me for a thing.

He could have. I always say "I wonder if he's ever going to ask me for something." And that's always subject to change. And if it does change, I'll let you know about it. But Elon has never asked me for a thing. I mean, I got rid of the electric car mandate. I have no idea how that affects him but possibly not good.

I don't know. But he's never asked me for a thing, and I think that's an amazing tribute. I did get activated last week when I saw what they were doing. I said he makes an incredible product, and we're going to go out and tell people you can't do that stuff and support him. They got to support him because if he wasn't doing this, he wouldn't have any of these difficulties.

And I think it's getting less and less. Pam has done a great job with regard to all of the -- I mean, I know the kind of investigations that are going on. If she finds them, which she will, she's already found four of them.

But I think they're going to suffer very grave consequences because they're really terrorists when you think about it. They're -- they're very -- terrorists at a high level. And I think the people that are financing them, they could very well be people I know, people that you write about. But those people are in big trouble, so they better cut it out.

But Elon is a patriot. We want to thank you very much for the job you're doing.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you, everybody.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.