Thank you very much, everyone. It's a great honor to be with the President of South Africa, President Ramaphosa.

And he is a man who is certainly in some circles really respected, other circles a little bit less respected, like all of us in just like all of them.

We also have a few of my friends, Ernie Els, a great golfer. He's a truly great golfer and Retief Goosen, who's another really -- we call him really a great golfer too, Ernie, right? These two guys are fantastic, and we could add Gary to the group, Gary Player. What a group of golfers South Africa has had.

There must be something in the water, right, something good, these two guys are unbelievable.

Gary's Gary, and David Frost, also another one that I know is such a great one. Was he as good a putter as they say, David. He's a putter. He's a putting machine, right, but he's another one. So, something very good about South African golf and golf is still doing great in South Africa and they have young players I hear coming up that are going to be very good.

But it's an honor to have you here and, my friend, it's an honor to have you, one of the greatest businessmen in South Africa and long and long beyond. Thank you for being here. It's a very, very great honor. Appreciate it. So, we're going to be discussing certain things. As you know, we have the G20 is going to South Africa.

When is that going to be?

In November?

Yes, we have it next.

We're going to have it -- we're going to have it the following year.

So, we'll be discussing many things and some of the things you've been reading about in the papers and the media. And I would say that, look, the president is a truly respected man in many, many circles. And in some circles, he's considered a little controversial. But we're going to be discussing some of the things that are taking place in South Africa and see if we can help and we want to help.

And we've had a long relationship with South Africa. I have because indirectly I have so many friends that live there. I have a lot of friends -- I mean these are famous guys, but I have a lot of friends that live there that are tremendous people and we'll be discussing that. We'll have a nice conversation. And they're a small minority party which is allowed to exist in terms of our constitution.

And I really appreciate that you guys came along, it's really -- it really helps us in our thought process, but it is a great honor to have you. And I appreciate you called. He called -- I don't know where he got my number, but I picked up and  he said, I want to come over and see you. And that was my honor and thank you very much for being here.

Thank you.

That's true.

I remember the call. We sent 150 respirators. We became the respirator king. We started making them. Nobody had them, we had very few of them, but they were very helpful. But we sent 150, and I appreciated the letter, you wrote me a letter. Thank you. I appreciate that very much.

It's a great honor.

Any questions, please?

Well, this is a group, NBC, that is truly fake news. They ask a lot of questions in a very pointed way. They're not questions, they're statements. We've had tremendous complaints about Africa, about other countries too, from people. They say there's a lot of bad things going on in Africa and that's what we're going to be discussing today.

When you say we don't take others, all you have to do is take a look at the southern border. We let 21 million people come through our border, totally unchecked, totally unvetted. They came from all over the world. In many cases, they're criminals. They come from prisons, they come from mental institutions, they come from street gangs, they're drug dealers.

So, don't say that we didn't take them, we take them. We're trying to get them out as fast as we can and we're doing record business on that. And we just won a big case where we're allowed to send back hundreds of criminals to Venezuela, just won that today in the Supreme Court I'm happy to hear. But we do have a lot of -- a lot of people are very concerned with regard to South Africa.

And that's really the purpose of the meeting and we'll see how that turns out. But we have many people that feel they're being persecuted and they're coming to the United States. And we take from many locations if we feel there's persecution or genocide going on. And we had a lot of people.

I must tell you, Mr. President, we have had a tremendous number of people, especially since they've seen this. Generally, they're White farmers and they're fleeing South Africa and it's a very sad thing to see, but I hope we can have an explanation of that because I know you don't want that. And it's kind of a different meeting.

Normally, we have meetings, we talk about trade and we'll be talking about trade and other things, but that certainly will be a subject that comes up. Yeah. Please, Brian.

Well, I don't know what it is currently, but Letitia James, who's the attorney general of New York State, it seemed -- I'm not involved in that at all. I know it's being handled by various groups, I guess, but it's major fraud, mortgage documents and fraudulent everything. Yeah, I think she said the father was her husband, which she had to have a husband or she chose her father and she put it down, and she had -- didn't she sign in Virginia -- yet she said she lived in Virginia and she's the New York state attorney general, and she did it for tax reasons, so she could take advantage of taxes.

And she had the wrong number of units. She had a much different number, which wouldn't have allowed her to qualify and scam the government, so I don't know. I think she's very bad for New York, but I really don't know too much about it, but I appreciate the question.

Thank you very much.

Go ahead, please.

Well, I want to see peace and I want to see happiness. I want to see health and you have incredible land. It's tremendous value. A lot of countries don't have that value in the land, the value you have. We have a situation, I think you probably heard about it. We've done through some very talented people, helped settle a war that's been raging for years, Rwanda and the Congo.

And I think we've done it. Believe it or not, I think we've done it. And could you just say a few words about that, my friend?

Looking good, right?

Well, we sent our people there, and I think we did a very good job. I  by my friend, and that was great. That was great. I mean, I'm just hearing phenomenal reports because all I'm hearing is death, death and they're chopping heads off, and it's horrible over there. And it was really brave of you to go there, and I really appreciate it and it looks like we have something very substantial.

We also talked about trade with them in terms of rare earth and all. But really, more for the -- it's like, if you take a look at what we just did with Pakistan and India, we settled that whole thing, and I think I settled it through trade. We're doing a big deal with India. We're doing a big deal with Pakistan.

And I said, what are you guys doing? Somebody had to be the last one to shoot, but the shooting was getting worse and worse, bigger and bigger, deeper and deeper into the countries. And we spoke to them and we -- I think we -- I hate to say we got it settled and then two days later, something happens and they say it's Trump's fault.

But Pakistan has got some excellent people and some really good -- a great leader. And India is my friend, Modi --

Yeah, he's a great guy and I called them both and we just did something good. We're trying to settle Russia, Ukraine, spoke with President Putin for two and half hours the day before yesterday. I think we made a lot of progress, but that's a bloodbath. 5,000 people are being killed a week, 5,000 soldiers a week, not including people in cities and towns that are also being killed.

So, we're trying to help.

And it doesn't affect us. It's not our people. It's not our soldiers, it's not our -- it's Ukraine and it's Russia. But if we can save 5,000 souls, we'll do it. We're pretty good at it, but that's a bad situation. That is a really bad situation.

That's right.

Sure. I call Zelenskyy and they said, he's in South Africa. I said, what the hell is he doing in South Africa?

And we got to speak. That's a strange one. I said, what are you doing in South Africa?

That's a strange one.

Well, we're going to see what happens with that when it's a lot of -- there's a lot of hatred. There's a lot of death. It's a bloodbath.

I get the satellite pictures of that field, of that killing field. You never saw anything like it in your life. It's horrible. It's a horrible thing that goes on, but I think we've made big progress.

Yeah. Please, go ahead.

No, no, not you. Right here. He's from South Africa. Go ahead, please.

On which case?

I don't expect anything, to be honest. I really don't. I don't know. They've got cases, a lot of anger there, tremendous anger. I don't expect anything. We'll see what happens. We'll have a ruling and who knows what the ruling is going to mean. Yeah?

Was that a question or a statement?

You never change. Go ahead, please.

I'd rather have him answer it.

But Mr. President, I must say that we have -- no, no, wait. Uh, we have thousands of stories talking about it.

And we have documentaries. We have, uh, news stories on that. Is Natalie here? Is somebody's here to turn that? I could show you a couple of things. And I would -- I just -- I have to -- it has to be responded to.

Let me see the articles please if you would? And turn -- excuse me, turn the lights down. Turn the lights down and just put this on. It's right behind you, Johan.

Now this is very bad. These are the -- these are burial sites right here. Burial sites. Over a thousand of white farmers. And those cars are lined up to pay love on a Sunday morning. Each one of those white things you see is a cross. And there's approximately a thousand of them. They're all white farmers.

The family of white farmers. And those cars aren't driving. They're stopped there to pay respects to their family member who was killed. Uh, and it's a terrible sight. I've never seen anything like it. Both sides of the road you have crosses.

Those people were all killed.

No.

I don't.

I mean it's in South Africa, that's --

About those people.

OK.

What you talking about.

What does this have to do with the Qatari jet? They're giving the United States Air Force a jet, OK? And it's a great thing. We're talking about a lot of other things. It's NBC trying to get off the subject of what you just saw. You are a real -- you know, you're a terrible reporter.

Number one, you -- you don't have what it takes to be a reporter. You're not smart enough.

They are so terrible the way you run that network. And you're a disgrace. No more questions from you. Go ahead.

Go ahead.

Go ahead, talk about that.

His name is Peter something. He's a terrible --

Let's go.

Thank you very much. Yeah.

I don't know -- I don't know. Uh, all -- look, these are articles over the last few days, uh, death of people. Death, death, death, horrible death, death. I don't know.

Pick any one of them. White South Africans are fleeing because of the violence and racist laws. And this is all -- I mean, I'll give these to you.

So when you -- when you say what would I like to do, I don't know what to do.

Look at this. White South African couple say that they were attacked violently.

Well, I can do that. Look, here's burial sites all over the place. They're all --

These are all white farmers that are being buried.

And he asks about a jet that was given.

You ought to be ashamed.

You know, you -- you are so bad. You're such a bad reporter.

This is one after another. This family was wiped out. I'm just -- looking.

Well, I think it's -- I think the videos are so --

No, no, when you look at the videos, I mean, how does it get worse? And these are people that are officials and they're saying that kill the white farmer and take their land. That's what it is.

I mean, I have other friends in South Africa. I have people that left. One in particular that says it's -- you can't go there.

He said they want to take your land. They take your land and they kill you. It's OK and they say it's OK to do. No, we're going to talk about it, but this is a tremendous -- look, this is a story recent. These are all people that recently got killed.

And I don't know how it can get any worse. These are all --

And you know the man that you saw -- the men that you saw, the people that you saw in that movie, those are officials. Those are people that were in office. They had -- 1st March, they had a dance in your parliament, whatever you may call it, legislature and it was terrible --

Yeah.

But you do allow them to take land.

You do allow them to take land.

Then when they take the land, they kill the white farmer. And when they kill the white farmer, nothing happens to them.

Nothing happens to them.

The farmers are not black. We don't say that's good or bad, but the farmers are not black. And the people that are being killed in large numbers, and you saw all those grave sites, and those are people that -- loved ones going, I guess on a Sunday morning they tell me, to pay respect to their loved ones that were killed, their heads chopped off.

They died violently and, I mean, we're here to talk about it and I didn't know we'd get involved here. But I will say this, that if the news wasn't fake like NBC, which is fake news, totally, one of the worst, ABC, NBC, CBS, horrible. But if they weren't fake news like this jerk that we have here, if we had real reporters, they'd be covering it, but the fake news in this country doesn't talk about that.

They don't want to talk about it, but now they have to talk about it, but they won't. This won't even be a subject. They'll have him talking about why did a country give a free -- think of this, why did a country give an airplane to the United States Air Force? OK, the United States, not to me, to the United States Air Force.

So, they can help us out because we need an Air Force One until our Air Force One is being built, two of them being built. But Boeing's a little bit late unfortunately. So, why did they give us a plane to the United States Air Force? That's what that idiot talks about after viewing a thing where thousands of people are dead.

I wish you did, I'd take it. I would take it. If your country offered the United States Air Force a plane, I would take it.

Well, there are problems.

Those are all deaths.

Well, there are a lot of bad things happening in many countries, but this in particular has been very, very bad -- very bad. And because of -- we're going to have the whole world watching in another short period of time because you have the G20 and that's a big deal. And it seems -- it seems like, I mean I want you to look good.

I don't want you to look bad. But we have hundreds of people, thousands of people trying to come into our country because they feel they're going to be killed and their land is going to be confiscated. And you do have laws that were passed that gives you the right to confiscate land for no payment. You can take away land for no payment.

And you're doing that.

You're taking -- you're taking people's land away from them. And those people in many cases are being executed. They're being executed. And they happen to be white and most of them happen to be farmers. And that's a tough situation. I don't know how you explain that. How do you explain that? They're taking people's land away and, in many cases, those people are being executed.

And in many cases it's not the government that's doing it, it's people that kill them and then take their land and nothing happens to them. But we have thousands of people that want to come into our country. They're also going to Australia in a smaller number. But we have thousands of people that want to come into our country and they're white farmers and they feel that they're going to die in South Africa and it's a bad thing.

Yeah, please.

Well, you know, we just spoke about, I got them a very, very complex machine, 150 of them and I was asked by the president if I could help and I did that. And you know, I have great feeling for all countries. Look, I deal with all countries, but I have a great feeling for South Africa because I have friends.

I have a couple of friends, a few friends here today, but I have many friends from South Africa. But many of those friends are -- they can't go back. I have -- Elon is from South Africa. I don't want to get Elon involved. That's all I have to do, get him into another thing. But Elon happens to be from South Africa.

This is what Elon wanted. He actually came here on a different subject, sending rockets to Mars, OK? He likes that better. He likes that subject better, but Elon is from South Africa and I don't want to talk to him about that. I don't want to -- I don't think it's fair to him. But I will say that people are fleeing South Africa for their own safety.

Their land is being confiscated and in many cases they're being killed. And that scene of -- you see how many crosses they had. Those crosses, that's a dead person in every one of them. And those trucks or cars are paying their respects to all of those dead people on a Sunday morning. That's a rough thing to explain away.

And the problem we have and the way -- a correct and a fair media exposes things. But we have a very corrupt media. They won't even report this. If this were the other way around it would be the biggest story. Now I will say apartheid, terrible. That was the biggest story, that was reported all the time.

This is sort of the opposite of apartheid. What's happening now is never reported. Nobody knows about it. All we know is we're being inundated with people -- with white farmers from South Africa. And it's a big problem. Marco Rubio was telling me he's never seen anything like it. The numbers of people that want to leave South Africa because they feel they're going to be dead very soon.

Yes, please.

Brian?

But why wouldn't you arrest that man? That man said, kill the White farmers, kill the White farmers and then he danced and he's dancing, dancing and it's kill the White farmers. I think, I'm not sure, but I think if somebody got up in Parliament and started saying kill a certain group of people, he would be arrested very quickly.

That man is going all over South Africa and that's not a small party. That was a stadium that holds 100,000 people and I hardly saw an empty seat. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of representation. And those crosses, where you have dead White people, dead White farmers mostly and you take a look at Australia, they're being inundated, and we're being inundated with people that want to get out.

And their farm is valueless. It's valueless, and they just want to get out with their life. And this is a very serious situation. And if we had a real news or real press, or media, we don't have that because they won't talk about this because they're all guys like that idiot. But if we had a real press, it would be exposed and the beauty of exposing it is it's like a cleansing action.

When it gets exposed, it'll get fixed. That's when it will get fixed. But people don't talk about it. And I'll tell you who's talking about the thousands of people that are fleeing South Africa right now.

Yeah, it's devastating and hopefully, a lot of people are going to start spending a lot of money. And I've talked to other nations. We want them to chip in and spend money too. And we've spent a lot and it's a tremendous problem going on, in many countries. A lot of problems going on. The United States always gets uh the request for money.

Nobody else helps, as you know. Europe doesn't help. Europe hasn't given anything. All they do is sue our companies. They sue Apple and they sue all of our companies. Apple had to pay $17 billion on a nonsense lawsuit, very unfair. But we're going to always be there to help.

It's fantastic, it's got to be resolved, it should be resolved. I mean, it's a little bit bad when you see a stadium with 100,000 people in it because that means it's more than just a little movement. It's a pretty big movement in South Africa. So it has to be resolved. It'll be the end of the country if it's not.

I hope so. That's why I'm here. I mean, I'm not here for my health. I'm here to see if we can do something. No, I'd like to see. I have friends -- I can tell you, Ernie Els and Retief Goosen, they feel so strongly. They wanted to be here on behalf of South Africa, not on behalf of me. And they said, can we be here for this because they love the country.

Ernie, do you guys want to say a couple of words or anything? I hate to put you in -- this is tougher than sinking a three-footer. Which, they have -- they've sank many, three-footers.

Boy, did you do that well. He might have done that even better than he plays golf, which is almost impossible. Johann, please.

Right.

Yeah.

But the crime is bad.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Mr. --

Excuse me. Do you have anything to say? I mean, I don't want to leave you out.  You know the guy won three or four majors, was it three or four?

That's a lot.  By the way, two's a lot. A lot of tournaments you won too. Do you have anything to say?

And your brother was farming, right? He wouldn't do it -- you wouldn't even want to do what you're doing, right? They love farming. They don't want to leave. But it's a -- it's a struggle.

How is the water there?

Right.

So does your family and your brother, do they feel safe on the farm?

There's no way to live.

Wow. It's something though.

Sure.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Well, I haven't made up my mind. I hate to see it from the standpoint of South Africa. But also you know, I'm trying to save lives. I'm working with Russia and Ukraine. I don't have to do that. It's not our war. It was started by other people. It was helped along by our past administration. And it would have never happened if I were president.

But I'm trying to save lives no matter where. Rwanda -- I have nothing to do with Rwanda and the Congo. But I felt I had a very talented person in this administration, and I sent him there and he did an unbelievable job. I think -- I mean, we're going to find out, but he's done the hardest part of the job. It should -- it should happen.

If I can save lives, I want to save the lives. If it's in Africa, that's great. If it's in Europe, if it's -- wherever it may be. And it's a very small investment to do, believe me, compared to what the consequences are. So, I hope we can do something. Look, I have so many friends. These two men, I have great admiration for them because I know what they do for a living.

And that's a very hard living, going from city to city, from country to country and hitting a ball 350 yards like they do.

And getting the ball in the hole. It's very tough with lots of people watching, right? It's a very -- it's a very tough living. You know, they're champions. I respect champions and I respect very much. And I think the country is very lucky. They really wanted to be here. They could be elsewhere, they could be on a beautiful fairway someplace and they wanted to be here.

So, without the United States, the G20, just like the G7 -- used to be the G8 but brilliantly they threw Russia out. Would have been a lot better if Russia was in, you know, a lot of people would say, oh, that's not good. Because if Russia was in, you probably wouldn't have this war and if you had a different president, you wouldn't have the war either.

But we have a G7 -- it's important that the United States is at both of them. I think without the United States, it's -- I really believe it's not very important. It's not the same meaning.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Don't want to leave.