Well, thank you very much and this has been a very interesting couple of hours. We discussed the world. We discussed Russia and Ukraine, where you've been a tremendous help in so many different ways. We certainly discussed Iran, where it's been really an interesting situation. I have a feeling it's going to work out.

I think it's going to work -- it's got to work out. One way or the other, we know it's going to work out, but you were of great help. And other things, but in particular trade. The trade is -- as Kelly's telling me from Boeing, it's the largest order of jets in the history of Boeing. That's pretty good. And that's 140, was that a 140 or 160? Well, yeah, but you're right, it's actually 200, including the 40. So it's over $200 billion, but 160 in terms of the jets.

That's fantastic. So that's a record, Kelly, and congratulations to Boeing. Get those planes out there. Get them out there. But I just want to thank you. We've been friends for a long time, long before politics. Well for you, it was politics. For me, it wasn't, right? But we've been friends for a long time and this is an outstanding man.

He's a great man and we're going to help each other. The United States is in a very strong position militarily. We have the best equipment anywhere in the world. You're buying a lot of that equipment actually, and I think we're going to see some of it in action tomorrow at the -- we won't call it an air fair, but it's going to be sort of an air fair.

We're going to be shown a display that's going to be incredible. They have the latest and the greatest of our planes and just about everything else. So I think it's going to be a lot of fun and very interesting, but I just want to thank you for the friendship, for the longtime friendship, and again, long before any of this stuff.

We just liked each other. That's not a bad thing. That's a good thing, but we always had a very special relationship and we came from Saudi Arabia where we have another great man over there, that's a friend of yours. And you two guys get along so well and like each other. You sort of remind me a little bit of each other if you want to know the truth.

They're both tall, handsome guys that happen to be very smart. But he's also a very special guy and it's good to see all the relationships forming in the Middle East, because the Middle East is really being talked about all over the world. And we're having a lot to do with it. We're helping a lot, but they're doing a tremendous job.

So I just want to thank everybody very much for being here. I want to thank the media. The media has been very fair, actually, and it's a great honor to be with you. You take a look at this room. This room is the real deal. That's called white marble. It's very hard to buy. Believe me, I know very well because you try to buy it, you can't buy it.

And you just take a look at what you have here. It's been incredible what -- what you've been able to build as a nation. And we're with you all the way. And you know that.