Well, thank you very much. We have some important signings today and some important statements to make about what we're doing in the world of medicine with Bobby in the group. And maybe Will will do something which will be very enlightening, and I think people are going to like it, but it was a little gift that's being presented.

So, Will, do you want to take over?

That's great. How many votes did the other side get?

By how much?

Oh, but the news said it was going to be the other way around.

No, they said it was going to be a lot closer than that. It wasn't close. So, 312 to 226, that's pretty good. OK, that's good. Thank you. Thank them for me. That's very nice.

It's a big deal, it could have been that we wouldn't have had the problem we had, right?

If we had this done earlier. Thank you. OK, go ahead.

OK, good. That's what it's all about, right? Very important. We're going to have a big announcement next week on some of this kind of thing, but more related to costs, the costs of medicines and drugs because we're being ripped off, as you know, very badly, being ripped off compared to the rest of the world.

Go ahead.

See, no auto pen, isn't it nice? Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need an auto pen so that somebody that you have no idea who the person is, who's actually the president of our country, they ought to look into that autopen stuff. That's not right what took place for four years. Very important.

Go ahead.

Good. And before I go any further, I'd like to just -- as you see behind me, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is doing a fantastic job. Director Jay Bhattacharya, National Institutes of Health and he's a very special person. I interviewed him personally. I liked him immediately. I interviewed a lot of people, but I liked him.

Dr. Martin Makary, likewise, FDA commissioner who's really in there plugging hard, right? But we have some big things coming up and Will everybody knows. So, I just wanted to thank all of you. Vince Haley's around here someplace. Where's Vince? Vince is great. Come on up here, Vince. You should be up here.

He's been with me for a long time. He's an expert on policy, and speechwriting too, along with Ross, right?

So, great, it's great to have you all. Bobby, do you have anything to say? We signed some very important documents having to do with health.

Yeah, Jay.

So, it can leak out like from Wuhan and a lot of people think that -- I think I said that right from day one, it leaked out whether it was to the girlfriend or somebody else. But scientists walked outside to have lunch with a girlfriend or was together with a lot of people, but that's how it leaked out in my opinion.

And I've never changed that opinion. So, it can leak out innocently, stupidly and competently, but innocently and half destroy the world, right?

That's great. Very honored to do this. Marty, what do you have to say?

Anybody have any questions on that? Yes.

Well, we're looking very closely at waste, fraud and abuse of which there's tremendous amount -- people on that shouldn't be on, illegal immigrants on, people that came into the country illegally, we have many of them and we're looking for that. But for the population that's supposed to be there, it's perfecto.

And they want us to do that. They don't want to have the waste, the fraud -- and the fraud is big by the way -- or the abuse. Question? Yeah, please.

Go ahead.

Yeah, please.

You want to go ahead.

Who are they?

Like crooked Democrats, like really crooked Democrats, is that who's suing? They know what -- they know what they're doing. They're just hurting our country, that's all.

These are very dishonest people, they've lost their way, they've lost their confidence, they have no confidence. They have no idea what they're doing. They don't even know what they're suing for. So, it's just one of those things. Yeah, please.

I'll announce it over the next two weeks. OK. Will, please.

Do you have anything? Do you have anything to say about, this morning, what we just discussed?

Good. Jay?

Vince, you're a big policy person, you've done so great for me for so long. What do you think?

Thank you. Any questions of them? OK.

OK, that's a lot of people and they're very good people -- I hope. Who knows? I hope so. OK. Thank you.

Thank you. OK, thank you very much. I want to thank you. So, we're going to be having some conferences next week. I'll also be going to Saudi Arabia and other places, we'll be going to UAE and Qatar and some of you will be going with us and have an interesting time. But I think we're going to have another conference next week which will be very important having to do with the world of the medical.

And I think it will be very productive. These are really very important that we signed today and thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you.