situation.  do they know

they gave you a very fair deal. Do they know about her?

sure.

does that make sense? Is that  the press is here.  I'd like you to hear it. The investment that they're making  November 5th, but I think it's so impressive. I'd love to have you speak. We have some of the greatest people on earth in business, ExxonMobil, etc., and they could say a couple of words also.

But this is a very big investment, you can see. And I'd love to have them speak, so that you could hear it as well as me. So please, go.

So, the money that they're spending, they will be spending in the United States over a period of --

Right.

$440 billion.

ExxonMobil is right here.

Occidental Petroleum. This is the most powerful woman in the  presence. That's what they tell me. I don't know. What do I know?

Great. Great job you're doing.

We appreciate it.

The US appreciates it.

So this is one drop of oil. Now, they think I'm happy with that. This is the highest quality oil there is on the planet, and they only gave me a drop.

Can you imagine? But anyway -- but it's tremendous what you're doing.

It'll be great. Yep. I know that very well. Everybody knows that.

Thank you very much. Congratulations.

Thank you very much.

Do you want to say who you are?

Thank you very much for the investment.

And the profits all go to the United States and also the firms used to do the building, most of them, a lot of them, and the equipment purchased is made in the United States. So it's been an amazing relationship and we have a few others that we're going to show you also, but this has been great. Congratulations.

It's a great job. Scott, do you have anything to say, and Howard?

And I only got one drop. One drop.

Howard?

Well, you saw what was presented last night and there's nothing like that anywhere in the world. And the United States is the big beneficiary, and now they're also moving into many sites like what you saw last night and actually, will actually even be bigger. And we have many of those already committed and going forward.

Some of them have already started and we've got their permits in record time. Otherwise it would be years and years waiting. Their permits, they've already gotten. In fact, a couple of them that you know very well, the biggest in the business said we can't believe it. We  a permit to build an electric plant and we got it in very short  so it's really been amazing and we're going to go through a list of a couple of different groups and you see some incredible investment going back into the US.

this will be healthcare.

Nice to see you.

Yes. Oh, sure. Great, thanks.

Hello. Hello.

Can we let them come over here?

Might as well. Why don't you stand right here where you can see?

You want to get over here, Marty? When they see Marty, they get scared.

You knew I was a good real estate guy  you could come over here. Go ahead, if you'd like. We'll show you the individual. Bring the camera over here. Is that OK, Doug?

Yeah.

Wait one second  we're going to

So this is very interesting on health care, and if you could take it away?

So this is going to make a tremendous difference on health. You're just going to find out what's wrong with somebody a lot quicker.

That's great.

I was just going to introduce, Cleveland Clinic is here and the gentleman from Oracle, representing Larry Ellison  Larry is a great -- he's a great guy, a great man, and you have been the best partners. And again, they're working here. They're US companies and it's all ultimately coming back to the US and we'll be doing even bigger versions of this.

This is a real pioneering thing and so many good things are going to come out of AI. But most of you haven't seen yet, but the number of plants being built in the United States is at a level that nobody can even imagine  and the big ones, right?  and what we showed last night was fantastic.

It was good  with a great leader.  would you like to say

Some difference, isn't it?

And AI is going to really take it over?

Two great US companies benefiting and it comes back to our country and they're doing things like this and even at a bigger level. Go ahead, please.

I'm just thinking, we have a president of the United States doing the selling. Do you think Biden would be doing it? I don't think so. But it's so important. I think -- I have to be a cheerleader for our country. And that's why our country is doing so well and it's people like this  we appreciate it. Great job at Cleveland Clinic.

Say hello to Larry. And now we'll take a look at aviation.

nice to see you.

Good, good.

Nice to see you again.

That's right.

Kelly's doing good. Kelly's been here for a couple of days. It's very good.

You are mostly going for  --

-- completely

It's just my opinion, but Boeing makes the best client, and they've had some headaches over the last few years, but they make the best plane, and you see what's happening. And it's not the only case, but a lot of people are ordering the Boeing jets and they're gearing up. And I think it's going to be one of the great -- really one of the great stories.

And the General Electric engine is phenomenal. The big body General Electric engine is phenomenal, so it's great to see. Thank you. So you focus on Boeing

It's a hot engine.

That's great. Twenty percent less fuel. That sounds good.

How many engines will they be behind then, ultimately?

Are they the biggest engines at this point?

That's the biggest one? That's the one we're hearing about?

They had a breakthrough, GE, on engines. Their big engine is the hottest engine there is. So it's through the roof and General Electric, you talk about a comeback. General Electric has made one of the great comebacks and it's both in health care and other things. But on your engine, I think that's really, maybe, the greatest story of them all.

They came out with a way to make a better engine with 20 percent less fuel and that's a tough combination. So congratulations. I was with Larry yesterday and he's done a fantastic job.

Yeah, yeah.

It's true.

You can be proud of yourselves. So a tremendous investment being made in the United States by this group and this airline and they don't finance  subject to financing. They would say subject to financing. Thank you very much. What a great

championship going on there right now.

Hurry up and you get

Oh

I grew up in Queens

That's where we used to fix the cars and a lot of other things got fixed there. That's a great site.

So how many people will

Is that

Will they be using that in the Olympics?

Yeah, because it's  for some of the games.

Yeah. We have the World Cup coming and we have -- we have World Cup coming and we have the Olympics coming over the next couple of years. That's great. We have another -- you're going to do great with this and all these locations. You were born here?

You picked a good location.

Thank you. Great

It is a big, very special project. Please, go ahead.

Investing $4 billion in Oklahoma, Doug. So if you want to move after you finish with the camera stuff, get a part time  I don't think you're going to be giving up the camera.

That's great.

So what percentage directly  in the US?

That's great.

So how much will you be spending in the US to make your

Right, no

Oh. You see, they're doing all of this work in the US with the aluminum. They do a lot of aluminum here. But if they do it here, they have to pay a big tariff to send it in. So you know what they're doing, they're building a big plant in the US. There's no tariff.

No, that's --  going to make it in the US  it's amazing. It's a great thing.

You know the sad part? Whoever's the next president, let's just say who  whoever's the next president, they're going to say, what a great job they did. Look, I built all these plants, I built all these factories.

Now, can you imagine, I'll be sitting at home, who the hell knows where I'll be and I'll say, I did that and everyone will say, but somebody's going to be cutting a ribbon and -- well, we're going to be finished long before that. But somebody's going to be taking the credit for this. You remember, press, this guy did it. Go ahead.

Go fast. They're going to go fast.

So it's high end? This is all high end though?

And how do you define premium?

they use premium aluminum. What kind of

You do a patriot?

The patriot missile

How much aluminum is used in the major investments?

How do you define gallium? Do you define gallium -- most people don't know

Yeah. It can come from many locations, I would imagine, right?

When will you be finished with this?

That's good. We have to find other locations. You do have to find other locations.

It's great. It's great  so I won Oklahoma. They have 77 counties, and I won all 77, three times in a row. Second was Ronald Reagan, he won 56 of the 77. I won all 77, so you better behave, otherwise

buy your aluminum. No, it's great company, great everything, but you see the big investment that's being made in building a massive plant, expanding and building a massive aluminum plant in Oklahoma. I love Oklahoma. That's something, like, 77 out of 77, all three times. So thank you, everybody.

Thank you. We have one more. Thank you, great job.

That is fantastic. Cool. That is fantastic.

Good. Cool.

So this is the Guggenheim, the largest one, by far, and the famous Guggenheim in New York can fit in one gallery and they have -- how many galleries do you have?

28. 28, fits in one. Wow. Who's the architect on this?

Oh, did he do the whole --

He did all the

Frank Gehry is --

Beautiful.

Good. That's great.

I've been looking for that painting for the Oval Office.

I'll bet you'd let me have it for a little while.

I know him very well. One word, he'll let me. I'll bet if  he'll give it to me. OK. Go ahead.

I just read about it.

That's great.

So that will move to this area?

That's a great way to do it.

That's great.

Yeah.

That's great.

Good.

And there's nobody better than Dana White.

That's great.

Wow.

Wow.

Similar size?

It's a good one. Yeah.

It's bigger, I think.

Thank you very much. That's amazing.