Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have President Zelenskyy of Ukraine and we've been working very hard, very close and we've actually known each other for a long time. We've been dealing with each other for a long time and very well and we had little negotiations spat, but that worked out great I think for -- for both countries.

I think for the world actually, beyond both countries. And we have something that is a very fair deal and we look forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging and working and getting some of the rare earth. But it means we're going to be inside and it's -- it's a big commitment from the United States.

And we appreciate working with you very much and we will continue to do that. We have had some very good discussions with Russia. I spoke with President Putin and we're going to try and bring this to a close. It's something that you want and that he wants. We have to negotiate a deal. But we've started the confines of a deal.

And I think something can happen. The big thing is the number of soldiers mostly at this point, but soldiers being killed. You're losing thousands of soldiers. On both sides, we're losing a lot of soldiers. And we want to see it stop. And we want to see the money get put to different kinds of use like rebuilding, the rebuilding.

And we're going to be working very hard. But we've had a lot of very good conversations. I will say until we came along the Biden administration didn't speak to Russia whatsoever. They didn't speak to anybody, they just allowed this to continue. And I will say that -- I'll say in front of you, you've heard me say it a thousand times.

If I were president this war would have never happened. We would have had a deal negotiated for you without having to go through what you've gone through. But you -- your soldiers have been unbelievably brave. We've given them great equipment, but they -- somebody has to use the equipment. They've been unbelievably brave, and we give them great credit.

This was supposed to be over very quickly. And here we are three years later. So I give tremendous credit to your generals and your soldiers. And yourself, in the sense that it's been very hard fighting, very tough fighting. They have great fighters. And you have to be very proud of them from that standpoint.

But now we want to get it over with. It's enough, right, if we want to get it over with, so. Uh, it's an honor to have you here. Thank you very much for coming. We're going to sign the agreement at the conference in the East Room in a little while right after lunch. And we'll be having lunch together. We're also discussing some other things.

And we appreciate everybody being here. It's somewhat of an exciting moment. But the really exciting moment is when we get to -- when they stop the shooting, or we end up with a deal. And I think we're fairly close to getting that. And an honor to have you. And please, if you'd like to say something.

Yeah, please.

Please.

Yeah, that's tough stuff.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's tough, yeah.

Yeah, that's very tough.

We want to get that ended right, yeah.

And I think we will. I think we will. And --

Do you have any questions, please?

Well, we don't know exactly how much because we're going to be putting some money in a fund that we're going to get from the raw earth that we're going to be taking and sharing in terms of revenue. So it's going to be -- a lot of money will be made from the sale and from the use of raw earth. And as you know, our country doesn't have much raw earth.

We have a lot of oil and gas, but we don't have a lot of the raw earth. And what we do have is protected by the environmentalists. But that could be unprotected. But still it's not very much. They have among the best in the world in terms of raw earth, so we're going to be using that. Taking it, using it for all of the things we do, including AI and including weapons and the military.

And it's really going to very much satisfy our needs. So it was something that just worked out really well. We have a lot of oil. And we have a lot of gas. We have a lot, but we don't have raw earth. So this -- this has just about every component of the raw earth that we need for computers, for all of the things we do.

This puts us in great shape.

Uh, I think they're going to have great luck. I think once we make the agreement, that's going to be 95 percent of it. It's -- they're not going to go back to fighting. I've spoken with President Putin. And I think -- I mean, I feel very strongly, I've known him for a long time, and I feel very strongly that they're very serious about it. And we'll make a deal.

And when the deal is made, I don't think -- we talk about security. Everyone's talking about the other day, all they talked about was security. I said, let me make the deal first. I have to make the deal first. I don't worry about security right now. I have to -- we have to have a deal. Because right now -- last week, 2000 soldiers died on both sides.

Two thousand. And they're losing 1000, 2000, 3000 a week. So as we sit here and we talk, people are getting shot and dying on the battlefield. And you know, they're not American soldiers, but they're Russian soldiers and they're Ukrainian soldiers. And we want to be able to stop it. And we want to be able also to spend money on other things.

We don't want to -- this is a tremendous amount of money. And what the Biden administration did was terrible. They were giving money, but he had no security on the money. Europe, as you know, gave much less money, but they had security, it was in the form of a loan. They get their money back and we didn't. And now, at least, we're protected.

Because the American taxpayer has to be protected, too. But uh, this is an incredible agreement for Ukraine. Because we have a big investment in their country now. And what -- what they have, very few people have. And we're able to really go forward with very, very high tech things and many other things, including weaponry.

Weaponry that we're going to use in many locations, but that we need for our country.

This allows -- this allows us to do that.

Yes, go ahead, please.

They gave a lot, but they gave much less.

Much less.

OK.

Yeah, please.

Yeah, I'd say, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln. I would say I'm far superior to George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. Now, you know I'm only kidding, right, because when I say that the fake news is going to go wild. They're going to say he considers himself to be better than Washington. But you never know, you never know.

I don't compare myself to anybody. I'm here to do a job. We've had a great 35 days or whatever it might be, a month, a little more than a month. We've accomplished tremendous amounts, not only this, this would be a very great achievement if we could get the war stopped and get them back to normalization.

I think that's going to happen. We've had very good talks on both sides, as you know. But I think we've done a very good job, just generally. If you look at all of the things we've done in 30 days, they're saying there's never been an opening for a president the first month--there's never been a first month like we've had.

And this is one of the very important things. This, to me, is one of the most important things because we have tremendous death taking place as we speak. And I don't want to have that--think of the parents, think of the--whether they're in Russia or Ukraine, think of the parents of all these people being killed needlessly.

Should have never started. If I were president, this would have never started.

Yeah. We're going to be continuing--

Go ahead.

He wants to know, do you think that--sort of a stupid question. I guess we wouldn't be here if I wasn't.

We've had very, very good talks.

I think you're going to have to always make compromises. You can't do any deals without compromises. So certainly, he's going to have to make some compromises, but hopefully they won't be as big as some people think you're going to have to make. That's all. That's all we can do. I'm here as an arbitrator, as a mediator to a certain extent between two parties that have been very hostile, to put it mildly.

They've been very hostile. This has been a vicious war. This has been a vicious war. It's a very level battlefield and those bullets go out, and as I've said many times, we're talking about it with Pete. Many times, the only thing stopping those bullets is a human body. And in the case we're talking about, generally young human bodies.

They're stopping a lot of bullets. It's dead level. That's why it's great farmland. It's great land. It's great farmland, but there's very little protection against the bullets and other things that are being shot. So all I can do is see if I can get everybody at the table and get an agreement, and I think we're going to end up with an agreement, otherwise I wouldn't probably be even here today.

I hope it will. I mean, I hope I'm going to be remembered as a peacemaker. This would be a great thing, if we could do this. I'm doing this to save lives more than anything else. Second is to save a lot of money, but I consider that to be far less important. So I hope I'm going to--thank you, Brian, for that question.

It was a nice question. I hope I'll be known and recognized as a peacemaker this. This would be a great thing to solve. This is a very dangerous situation. This could lead to a third world war. This was headed in the wrong direction. If this election were lost, if we didn't win this election. And by the way, we won it by a lot.

That was a mandate. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of votes. We won everything, the districts. You look at the areas of red, take a look at a map, this was a big mandate. And this was one of the things, I said we're going to get this thing settled. If we didn't win, this could have very well ended up in a third world war and that would not have been a good situation.

What was your second question?

Yeah, we're going to have arms to Ukraine. Yeah, sure. Hopefully, I won't have to send very much because hopefully we're going to have it finished. We're looking forward to finishing this quickly. We're not looking forward to sending a lot of arms. We're looking forward to getting the war finished so we can do other things.

But we very much appreciate the agreement because we needed what they had and our country is now treated fairly. Biden didn't do that. He didn't know what the hell he was doing. This should have never happened. This should have never started. But sure, the answer is yes. But hopefully we won't have to send much because I'm looking forward to getting it done quickly, very quickly.

I don't want to talk about security yet because I want to get the deal done. You fall into the same trap like everybody else, a million times, you say it over and over. I want to get the deal done. Security is so easy. That's about two percent of the problem. I'm not worried about security. I'm worried about getting the deal done.

The security is the easy part. Security is very nice. Everybody stop shooting. And now, will Europe put people there? I know France is going to. I know the UK is going to. I know other countries are going to, and they happen to be right next door. We haven't committed, but we could conceivably. We have security in a different form.

We'll have workers there digging, digging, digging, taking the raw earth so that we can create a lot of great product in this country. So in that sense, you have something. But we haven't determined that yet. I will say in speaking to France and in speaking to -- and they were here, as you know, last week and just the other day.

Uh, they have committed to a lot of security. I don't think you're going to need much security. I think once this deal gets done, it's over. Russia is not going to want to go back. And nobody's going to want to go back. When this --

When this deal ends, I really believe this deal is -- is going to be over.

Yeah, please go ahead.

Go ahead, please.

Yes.

Oh, I love this guy.  Who are you with?

Well, that's why I like him. One America News does a great job. That's very -- I like the question. I think it's a very good question. It is, it's a pathway to peace. It's a pathway to getting something solved. And I feel that as the head of this country, I have an obligation to do that. Plus, you know, we're very much involved.

We got involved. Uh, it's too bad we got involved because there should have been no involvement because there should have been no war. And there shouldn't have been October 7th. That would have never happened. As you know, Iran was broke. They had no money to give to Hezbollah. They had no money to give to Hamas.

They were stone cold broke. And then under Biden, they became rich as hell. They went from no money to $ 300 billion in a period of four years. And they gave a lot of that money away. And you see what happened. And that's a real mess also that we hope to be able to solve. But no, I appreciate your question very much.

It's just -- I feel I have an obligation to try and do something to stop the death.

Go ahead.

And I do like your clothing, by the way.

Even though I have to -- I think he's a great guy by the way. But I don't know if you two like each other, but you know what, I think he's dressed --

I think he's dressed --

I think he's dressed beautifully.

That's a -- that's a --

That's a good statement.

But -- but he never broke to me. He never broke to me.

He never broke --

He never broke to me.

Wait, one second.

Yes, I do.

No, I'm in the middle. I want to solve this thing. I'm for -- I'm for both. I want to get it solved. And it's wonderful to speak badly about somebody else, but I want to get it solved. If we can solve it, great. If we can solve it, they're going to have to fight it out. And who knows what's going to happen.

But I want to see it get solved.

I'm very committed to Poland. I think Poland has really stepped up and done a great job for NATO. They -- as you know, they paid more than they had to. They are one of the finest groups of people I've ever known. I'm very committed to Poland.

Poland is in a tough neighborhood, you know.

The Baltics, they got a lot of -- it's a tough neighborhood too. But we're committed. We're going to be very committed. And we're committed to NATO. But NATO has to step up. And the Europeans have to step up more than they have. And I want to see them equalize because they are in for far less than we're in. And they should be at least equal.

You understand that. Why is the United States, we have an ocean in between, why is the United States in for so much more money and other things as Europe? With that being said and as you said, they've also been obviously very helpful, but we have put in far more than they have. And I think they should equalize.

Please, go ahead.

We made a deal, so --

I'm just -- I'm a businessperson. We made a deal. That's what changed.

I didn't think we were going to make a deal. And we ended up making the deal, so that changed.

I don't know, but it's -- well they don't like each other. I can tell you that OK.  They do not like each other. This is not a love match. And it's unfortunate. That's why you're in this situation. Mr. President -- The United States should not have allowed this to happen. OK? The United States, run by a man that didn't know much, I'm going to be very nice, run by an incompetent person, a very incompetent person should never have allowed this to happen.

I've stopped wars. I've stopped many wars. My people will tell you. I stopped wars that nobody ever heard about. I stopped wars before they ever started. You can look at some of -- some of -- I could give you a lot of nations that would tell you right now they were probably going to war. I could tell you, right now, there's a nation thinking about going to war on something that nobody in this room has ever even heard about, two smaller nations, but big, still big.

And I --

I think I've stopped it. But this should have never happened.

I don't want to talk about Odessa now. Let's not talk about Odessa. I want to talk about making a deal getting peace. We don't have to talk about Odessa, but a lot of cities have been destroyed. A lot of cities that are not recognizable, there's not a building standing and a lot of -- a lot of things have to happen --

Please go ahead.

A couple of days ago.

Well, that's what I do. My whole life is deals, I know pretty good uh and I really -- I've -- I've known him for a long time. I've dealt with him for a long time. He had to suffer through the Russia hoax, you know Russia, Russia, Russia was a hoax, it was all Biden. It was nothing to do with him. So he had to suffer through that and he was able to do that.

I think that he wants to make a deal and he'd like to see it end. That's all I do. That's what I do my whole life that's what I do is make deals and I'm in the middle of a mess because this is a real mess. It's a very dangerous one. If this doesn't get solved now, it's not going to get solved for a long time.

So I hope we're going to -- I hope we're going to get it solved. In the back please.

Well, we actually spoke to him about that yesterday and we thought they took it very, very much too far. JD was very strong on it. So was I and so was Marco and we've been speaking to him about it. Marco, would you like to say something about that?

it's a big -- it's actually a very important question.

A little bit we'll see --

But we're not really looking for that so much. We got a lot we have more than anybody in the world by far. So no, we're not talking about it too much, but a little bit. I think it affects also, but for the most part, no.

No. No.

No. We don't need that.

I've spoken to him on numerous occasions.

Are you serious with that question?

It went well.  I think I think we're going to have a deal.

Well, we'll take a look at it at the time. We have a lot of area. It's a very big area we're talking about. So we'll take a look, I'll study that and I'll see.

They'll be protected. The agreement will protect them.

The agreement, yeah, we're signing an agreement.

I just told you, I don't think that's going to happen. And if that were going to happen, I wouldn't make a deal if I thought that was going to happen, I wouldn't make a deal.

You know, they ought to focus on CNN on survival, not asking me these ridiculous questions, focus on surviving because CNN's got such low ratings. I don't think they're going to survive uh, let's go -- yeah, please go ahead.

Well, if I didn't align myself with both of them, you'd never have a deal. You want me to say, uh, really terrible things about Putin and then say hi, Vladimir. How are we doing on the deal? It doesn't work that way.  I'm not aligned with Putin. I'm not aligned with anybody. I'm aligned with the United States of America.

And for the good of the world. I'm aligned with the world. And I want to get this thing over with. You see the hatred he's got for Putin. It's very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of hate. He's got tremendous hatred. And I understand that. But I can tell you the other side is exactly in love with, you know, him either.

So it's not a question of alignment. I have to -- I'm aligned with the world. I want to get the thing set. I'm aligned with Europe. I want to see if we can get this thing done. You want me to be tough? I could be tougher than any human being you've ever seen. I'd be so tough, but you're never going to get a deal that way, so. That's the way it goes.

All right. One more question.

Please.

2015?

I was -- I was not here.

I was not here.

-- You don't know that --

Don't tell us what we're going to feel. We're trying to solve a problem. Don't tell us what we're going to feel.

You're in no position to dictate that. Remember this.

You're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel. We're going to feel very good.

We're going to feel very good and very strong.

You're right now not in a very good position, you've allowed yourself to be in a very bad --

-- position and he happens to be right about it.

-- You're not in a good position. You don't have the cards right now. With us, you start having cards.

Right now, you don't --

You're playing cards, you're playing cards, you're gambling with the lives of millions of people. You're gambling with World War III.

You're gambling with World War III. And what you're doing is very disrespectful to the country, this country.

That's back to you. Far more than a lot of people said they should have.

-- and the president who's trying to save your country.

-- He's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly. Your country is in big trouble.

No, no. You've done a lot of talking. Your country is in big trouble.

You're not winning.

You're not winning this. You have a damn good chance of coming out, okay because of us.

-- You haven't been --

You haven't been alone.

You haven't been alone. We gave you through this stupid president $350 billion.

We gave you military equipment.

You and your men are brave, but they had to use our military.

If you didn't have our military equipment --

If you didn't have our military equipment --

-- this war would have been over in two weeks.

-- Maybe less.

It's going to be a very hard thing to do business like this, I tell you.

But you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on.

I think it's very important that's why I kept this going so long. You have to be thankful. You don't have the cards.

You're buried there, your people are dying.

-- You're running low on soldiers. Listen --

-- You're running low on soldiers.

It would be a damn good thing --

-- and then you then you tell us I don't want a ceasefire. I don't want a ceasefire. I want to go and I wanted this. Look, if you could get a ceasefire right now, I tell you you'd take it, so the bullets stop flying and your men stop getting killed.

But you're saying you don't want a ceasefire?

-- I want a ceasefire --

Because you'll get a ceasefire faster than any agreement.

That wasn't with me.

-- That wasn't with me, that was with a guy named Biden who was not a smart person.

-- That was with Obama.

Excuse me, that was with Obama who gave you your sheets and I gave you javelins.

I gave you the javelins to take out all those tanks. Obama gave you sheets. In fact, the statement is Obama gave sheets and Trump gave javelins, you got to be more thankful because let me tell you, you don't have the cards. With us, you have the cards, but without us you don't have any cards.

It's gonna be a tough deal to make because the attitudes have to change.

What are you saying?

What if they -- what, if anything? What if a bomb drops on your head right now?

Okay. What if they broke it? I don't know. They broke it with Biden because Biden they didn't respect him. They didn't respect Obama. They respect me. Let me tell you, Putin went through a hell of a lot with me. He went through a phony witch hunt, where they used him and Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. You ever hear of that deal?

That was a phony -- that was a phony hunter Biden, Joe Biden scam, Hillary Clinton, Shifty Adam Schiff. It was a Democrat scam and he had to go through that and he did go through it and we didn't end up in a war and he went through it. He was accused of all that stuff. He had nothing to do with it. It came out of Hunter Biden's bathroom.

It came out of Hunter Biden's bedroom, it was disgusting. And then they said, oh, oh, the laptop from hell was made by Russia, the 51 agents, the whole thing was a scam and he had to put up with that. He was being accused of all that stuff. All I can say is this, he might have broken deals with Obama and Bush and he might have broken them with Biden.

He did maybe, maybe he didn't, I don't know what happened, but he didn't break him with me. He wants to make a deal. I don't know if you can make a deal. The problem is I've empowered you to be a tough guy and I don't think you'd be a tough guy without the United States and your people are very brave.

But you're either going to make a deal or we're out and if we're out, you'll fight it out. I don't think it's going to be pretty, but you'll fight it out, but you don't have the cards. But once we sign that deal, you're in a much better position, but you're not acting at all thankful and that's not a nice thing.

I'll be honest, that's not a nice thing. All right. I think we've seen enough. What do you think, huh? This is -- this is going to be great television.  I will say that. All right, we'll see what we can do about putting it together.

We'll see, I don't know.