Thank you very much. It's an honor to have King Abdullah with us. He's been a friend of mine for a long time, actually long before even my first term. And we've had a great relationship. He's a great gentleman, a great leader and does a fantastic job in his country. His son, we're lucky enough to have his handsome son with us today.

So it's good to see you again. We've had some quick discussions just now and we're going to have some longer discussions after this. And the relationship with Jordan has been very strong, has been with me and really has been with the country. But I think I've been closer than other presidents to Jordan and what Jordan represents.

And it's an honor to have you and your son with us today and if you'd like to say a few words, and thank you very much.

Very good, very good. Thank you very much.

I think that's going to work out very well. That's not really what we're talking about today. I think that's something that's going to work out automatically and it's in good shape. And we discuss it and other people have discussed it with us and with me. That's going to work out. West Bank is going to work out very well.

Well, I don't know, but he may have just something to say because we discussed just briefly. I think maybe you want to say it now, or?

I want to tell you -- excuse me, wait, please. I didn't know that what you just said, 2,000 children with cancer or other problems. And that's really a beautiful gesture. That's really good, and we appreciate it. And we'll be working on the rest. With Egypt, I think you're going to see some great progress.

I think with Jordan, you're going to see some great progress, three of us and we'll have some others helping and we're going to have some others that are very high level helping, and the whole thing will come. It's not a complex thing to do. And with the United States being in control of that piece of land, a fairly large piece of land, you're going to have stability in the Middle East for the first time.

And the Palestinians, or the people that live now in Gaza will be living beautifully in another location. They're going to be living safely. They're not going to be killed and murdered and having to leave every 10 years, because I've been watching this for so many years. It's nothing but trouble. Everyone is being killed.

They're being robbed. It's like living in hell, and they're going to end up having a great home, great families that don't have to get mugged and killed and beaten up and harassed by Hamas and everybody else. And I know we'll be able to work something. And what you just said about the 2,000 is fantastic.

It's so beautiful. It's music to my ears, but we're going to be able to work something. And I know we'll be able to work something also with uh with, I believe, not 100 percent, but 99 percent we're going to work out something with Egypt.

We're not going to buy anything. We're going to have it and we're going to keep it and we're going to make sure that there's going to be peace and there's not going to be any problem. And nobody's going to question it and we're going to run it very properly. And eventually, we'll have economic development at a very large scale, maybe the largest scale on that site.

And we'll have lots of good things built there, including hotels and office buildings and housing and other things. And we'll make that site into what it should be. And the people from Gaza who wouldn't be able to be there for years because you're talking about just to get it and prepare it and to take care of all of the problems that currently it has.

As you know, tunnels and people are in those tunnels and you have some good people and some bad people and you may have hostages right now. You know, you have the hostages possibly there. They don't know where they are. And I have a Saturday deadline and I don't think they're going to make the deadline, personally.

I think they want to play tough guy, but we'll see how tough they are. But it's going to be a wonderful thing. It's going to be wonderful for the Middle East. I think it will turn the Middle East. I think you're going to have peace in the Middle East. You're going to eventually have peace in the Middle East.

No because we're not talking about a big situation. We're talking about something that can go very quickly. We're talking about it's going to go quickly. It's not going to take a long time, OK? That's not going to take a long time. You know bullies? You know what a bully is, right? I've always and I found it throughout my life, a bully is the weakest person and they're bullies.

Hamas is bullies. The weakest people are bullies. You know that right? All right. Go ahead.

Well, it's not where I want them to live. It's going to be where we ultimately choose as a group. And I believe we'll have a parcel of land in Jordan. I believe we'll have a parcel of land in Egypt. We may have someplace else, but I think when we finish our talks, we'll have a place where they're going to live very happily and very safely.

And don't forget, they only want to be on the Gaza Strip because they don't know anything else. They've never had an alternative. And they don't want to be in the Gaza Strip, but they have no choice. They have to be. And they're being killed there at levels that nobody has ever seen. No place in the world is as dangerous as the Gaza Strip.

They don't want to be there. They have no alternative. When they have no alternative, not one person will want to stay where they are. Nobody wants to stay there. They're living in hell. It's a death trap.

We're moving them to a beautiful location where they have new homes, where they can live safely, where they'll have doctors and medical and all of those things. And I think it's going to be great. Any questions?

That's from the Gaza Strip, the 2,000?

I think we sort of have gone down the line. We know pretty much what is going to be presented and I think it's going to be something that's going to be magnificent for the Palestinians. They're going to be in love with it. I did very well with real estate. I can tell you about real estate. They're going to be in love with it.

It's a very small number of people relative to other things that have taken place over the decades and centuries. It's a very small number of people and they're living a terrible life. Look at the way they're living now. Nobody's living like that in the entire world. They're living under buildings that are mostly falling down and will continue to fall down and they're living under -- people are being killed every day.

The conditions are horrible. There are no conditions anywhere in the world that are worse than the Gaza Strip right now.

So I've looked at the condition of people coming out of the hostage situation and it's horrible. I looked at the before and after yesterday, three young men, one is dead now, as you know. The older gentleman who died, which everybody said he was alive and well. He's dead. But the three young men and I looked at them from a short while ago and I looked at them now.

They are emaciated. They look like Holocaust survivors. I mean, they'll get better, but they're in rough shape. They were treated really badly. And we've heard things from them since. And I think the reason that Hamas is playing so cute is because they probably, they saw their reaction to these three people that came out and the other ones.

Look, the one young lady had her hand blown off practically and they were not in great shape either, but she's missing her fingers and a big part of her hand. You know what she did? She was stopping a bullet that was aimed at her. She went like that and it blew off her hand. Now, I think they want time because I think the people that they have living are in such bad shape.

Because they're sending the most healthy people out because they don't want to send the least healthy people out. And there was an uproar when they saw the people from yesterday. So these people are -- so I don't want to do two and then we do another two and in another week. And then we do four in three weeks.

No, no. They either have them out by Saturday at 12:00 or all bets are off.

Well, I don't want to say that because we've had such a good relationship and we're doing so well just in the short time that we've been talking. I mean, the king just made a statement. I didn't ask him to do that, about literally saving 2,000 young children from the Gaza Strip. We didn't know about that.

You didn't know about that. Nobody did except for the king and his son, I assume you told your son, right? And I just thought it was great. No, I think we'll do something. I don't have to threaten with money. We contribute a lot of money to Jordan and to Egypt, by the way, a lot to both, but I don't have to threaten that.

I think we're above that. I do believe we're above that.

Yeah, sure. We would. And we have other countries that want to get involved. We have a lot of people that want to get involved. There's a great sense of wanting to help the Palestinians. There's a lot of good countries out there, people that rule those countries with big hearts and this gentleman is at the top of the list.

Oh, they're going to be great. They're going to be very happy.

Yes, and that's right. This should have been done by the Biden administration, but they didn't do anything. They didn't know what the hell they were doing. So they should have been done by the Biden administration. This should have never happened because October 7th would have never happened if I were president.

Zero chance of happening. You wouldn't have had that whole mess where the Mideast got blown up and you wouldn't have had Ukraine and Russia fighting. That would have never happened. And by the way, we're making good progress there, I think. I really think we're making some very good progress.

We're not going to have to buy. We're going to have Gaza. We don't have to buy. There's nothing to buy. We will have Gaza.

No reason to buy. There is nothing to buy. It's Gaza. It's a war-torn area. We're going to take it. We're going to hold it. We're going to cherish it. We're going to get it going eventually, where a lot of jobs are going to be created for the people in the Middle East. It's going to be for the people in the Middle East, but I think it could be a diamond.

It could be an absolute tremendous asset for the Middle East and you're going to have peace. It's going to bring peace in the Middle East. Gaza, the way it is right now, every 10 years you're going to have the same thing happening. I've watched it so long, all the death and destruction of Gaza. Civilization has been wiped out in Gaza.

No, it's going to be a tremendous thing. It's fronting on the sea. It's going to be a great economic development job. It's going to put people to work, a lot of people to work. And those people are all going to be from the Middle East.

Under the U.S. authority.

No. No. I've had a great career in real estate. When you've done what I've done in the last number of years, including the four years that we should have been doing something else, frankly, because people see that now for sure. But when you've done what I've done, you can just do more good for people when you're president.

When you're president, we can do things. This is all things that should have been done, but actually things that shouldn't have had to be done Gaza, absolutely. It would have been so great if the Biden administration would have started this. But actually, in all fairness to them, they should have never let it happen.

It did happen. And because of the fact that they let this happen, this catastrophe of October 7th, something like this becomes practical and very real, meaning the development and all of the things that I've talked about with respect to the Gaza Strip. If you didn't have the October 7th catastrophe, and it was a horrible catastrophe, then probably you wouldn't be talking about that.

But the only thing I can say is this is going to bring stability and peace to the Middle East. And ultimately, when it's developed, which will be in quite a while from now, because we want to let things calm down. But when it's developed, it's going to bring tremendous numbers of jobs to the Middle East, including the people of your country.

We don't think that's going to happen. We think people are going to be very happy, thrilled. A lot of those people that you're talking about are going to end up maybe living there and maybe working there but it will be in a different form. We have had tremendous support for this project and we think the biggest asset of the project, it's going to bring peace ultimately to the Middle East.

All right. Go ahead. Behind you.

Well, if you look at Michigan where we have a large Arab population, as you know, I was just telling the king that we won. As you know, I won the Arab population. Now, when I started off, I wasn't leading and when I finished a few months later, we started campaigning in Michigan and when I finished, we won it by a tremendous amount, by 30 points.

So my relationship with the Arab population has been fantastic and my relationship with the Middle East is very good, very good with all the countries just about all the countries. Let's see, I would say all the countries and they all want to do something and they want to see peace in the Middle East. All the stories you hear about the Middle East not really wanting peace, that they want war, they want this, they want to go to a certain place, let me tell you, those stories are false.

They want to have peace. I know them all very well. They want to have peace. They want to have a good life like other people and this will be a big factor in bringing peace to the Middle East. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.