Thank you very much.

Let me talk to you later. Thank you.

They will never give me a Nobel Peace Price.

It's too bad. I deserve it, but, uh, they will never give it to me.

Well, we're going, and we're dealing with a lot of people, and we have steps to go yet, as you know, and uh, maybe those steps go forward and maybe they don't. We're dealing with a very complex group of people, situation and people. But, we have the right men. We have the right leader of Israel. He's done a great job, and uh, we've been friends for a long time, and we do a great job also.

And, I think, I think we have a combination that's very unbeatable, actually.

Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where is the person, where is the person coming from? Come on --

We'll see what happens. Whatever happens, we'll be prepared to handle the situation.

No, they're not.

Everybody's demanding one thing. You know what it is? Peace. We want peace. We want people to stop being killed. Everybody's demanding one thing, pretty simple, peace. And he wants peace also.

To get the deal done?

Sure --

Why wouldn't a deal get done? A deal can get done. We'll see what happens. We're dealing with very complicated people, but a deal can absolutely get done.

We'll see what happens.

Wait, wait, wait. One at a time.

It's a horrible thing. Uh, we can't forget it. I'll never forget it, and you can't forget, and some people want to, uh, put it out of their memory, but we're not going to ever let that happen. Uh, it was a horrible day, October 7, it was a horrible, it was a horrible period of time. And, uh, lot of people like to pretend it didn't happen.

It happened. It's a big group of people that like to pretend it didn't happen, like, uh, the Holocaust didn't happen. Same mindset. And, now, we're going to, uh, we're going to get this thing wrapped up, and we're going to get it done. We're also dealing, I think very successfully, with Russia, Ukraine. We're going to hopefully get that one done at some point in the not-too-distant future.

That's a complex problem also. But, we, uh, we solve problems. We'll, you know, when I left, we had no problem. There was no Ukraine and Russia fighting. There was no October 7. There was nothing, and, uh, some very poor leadership led to a lot of problems and a lot of death, and it's a shame, but we'll put it out.

We'll put out the fires. We have a lot of fires, but we'll put them out.

Well, a lot of plans change with time, and a lot of death has occurred since I left and now came back. This death, uh, occurred not while I was here but while somebody else was here. It shouldn't have happened. They shouldn't have allowed it to happen. It would've never happened, and that includes Russia Ukraine would've never happened.

Not even a little bit, not even a chance. But, now we are faced with a situation that's different, in some ways better and in some ways worse. But, uh, we're faced with a, uh, very complex and difficult situation, but we'll solve, we'll solve the problem.

Well, I think Jordan and Egypt will -- I know they've spoken about it with you, and they say they're not going to accept. I say they will, uh, but I think other countries will accept also. I think that Gaza maybe is a demolition site right now. If you look at Gaza, it's all -- I mean, there's hardly a building standing and the ones that are are going to collapse.

You can't live in Gaza right now, and I think we need another location. I think it should be a location that's going to make people happy. Uh, you look over the, over the decades, it's all death in Gaza. This has been happening for years. It's all death. If we can get a beautiful area to resettle people permanently in nice homes and where they can be happy and not be shot, not be killed, not be knifed to death like what's happening in Gaza, and right now you have in Gaza a very dangerous situation in terms of explosives all over the place, in terms of, uh, tunnels that nobody knows who's in the tunnels.

The whole thing is a mess, and I think that if we can resettle, and I believe we can do it in areas where the leaders currently say, "No." I mean, I've been saying that with Mexico, having to do with, uh, the border and, and all of the things, and you saw what happened. 10,000 soldiers, and, uh, they're going to do a good job.

I really believe that, and I believe Canada's going to do a good job also. They said the same thing, and then they did something much different than what you were hearing. Uh, this is a very, very, uh, difficult situation, but we're going to get it solved. I don't think people should be going back to Gaza.

I think that Gaza has, uh, been very unlucky for them. They've lived like hell. They've lived like you're living in hell. Gaza is not a place for people to be living, and the only reason they want to go back, and I believe this strongly, is because they have no alternative. What's the alternative? Go where?

There's no other alternative. If they had an alternative, they'd much rather not go back to Gaza and live in a beautiful alternative that's safe.

Peter?

It would be my hope that we could do something really nice, really good, where they wouldn't want to return. Why would they want to return? The place has been hell. It's been one of the meanest, one of the meanest, toughest places on earth, and right now, it's, it's -- I've seen every picture from every angle better than if I were there, and nobody can live there.

You can't live there. So, if we can build, if we can build them through, uh, massive amounts of money, supplied by other people, very rich nations, uh, and they'll, they're willing to supply it. If we can build something for them, and one of the countries -- and it could be Jordan, and it could be Egypt.

It could be other countries, and you could build four or five or six areas. It doesn't have to be one area, but you take certain areas, and you build really good, quality housing, like a beautiful town, like some place where they can live and not die because Gaza's a guarantee that they're going to end up dying.

The same thing's going to happen again. It's happened over and over again, and it's going to happen again, as sure as you're standing there, Peter. So, uh, I hope that we could do something where they wouldn't want to go back. Who would want to go back? They've experienced nothing but death and destruction.

Well, I don't think they're going to tell me no. I don't think they're going to tell me no.

I think they're going to tell Biden no, and I think they're going to tell other people no. I don't think they'll -- I think there's a good chance. Yeah, I'd like to see it happen. All of them. I mean, we're talking about probably a million seven people, a million seven, maybe a million eight. But, I think all of them.

I think they'll be resettled in areas where they can live a beautiful life and not be worried about dying everyday.

Say it?

I don't see it happening. It's too dangerous for people. Nobody can go there. It's too dangerous. Nobody wants to be there. Warriors don't want to be there. Soldiers don't want to be there. How can you have people go back? You're saying go back into Gaza now? They'll, the same thing's going to happen. It'll only be death.

The best way to do it is you go out and you get beautiful, open areas with the sunlight coming through and --

Something nice --

They are not going to want -- they are not going to want to go back to Gaza.

And the war's not have --

Say it?

So, you say Iran is so weak. I appreciate you saying that. They're not weak. They're very strong right now, and we're not, we're not going to, uh, allow them to have a nuclear weapon. It's very simple. You know, I signed a very strong proclamation. Iran was, uh, in big trouble when I left. They were broke.

They didn't have money for Hamas. They didn't have any money for Hezbollah. You had no problem. October 7 could've never happened. When I left, October 7 could've never happened, and frankly, Russia and Ukraine, as I said, could never have happened. Uh, they became very strong very fast. They sold massive amounts of oil to China and everybody else, who would not buy the oil when I was president, cause we said, "Don't buy the oil." And, they became very rich very quickly, but they're not weak.

They're not weak. They're strong. Doesn't mean they won't be weak, but you know what? We just don't want them to have a nuclear weapon. They can't have a nuclear weapon.

He doesn't know what he wants. What do you, what do you know about anything? Go ahead.

Yes, please?

No. Could be other places, too. There are many people that have reached out, many countries, many leaders of countries, that have reached out that would like to participate in that. Doesn't have to be Jordan and Egypt, but I think it would be also them.

No, I think it's mostly ups.

What?

Well, it's had a pretty hard time, wouldn't you say? I would say it's had a pretty bad time of it.

I think they're trying to help. Qatar?

Is absolutely trying to help. I know them very well, and they're doing everything they can. Very tough situation, but they're absolutely trying to help.

Okay. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.