Okay, we have a beautiful announcement to make, it's very exciting. Money is pouring in and we want to keep it that way. And I think that's what's going to happen. We have tremendous interest in our country, more than ever before. There's never been anything like it. We're almost at a $4 trillion level and that's something that's never happened.

And I think hopefully it's because of the election on November 5th, but it's also because of tariffs, I suspect, governor. But I'm thrilled to welcome Louisiana Governor, Jeff Landry, a friend of mine for a long time, and to have you at the White House. We thought this was going to happen and I said if you get it signed up, we'll do it at the White House, and you got it all done.

I'm proud of you. I'm not surprised. Executive Chairman of Hyundai Motor Group, Chung Eiu-sun. Thank you very much. What a great honor. Vice Chairman Jae Chang. Jae, thank you. Hyundai Steel President, Seo Gang-hyun. Thank you very much. President, that's big stuff. And former Ambassador, Sung Kim. Thank you very much.

Great honor to have all of you. Also, and these names are much less difficult for me, but I think we got them right. But this one we will definitely get right. Mike Johnson, our great speaker, and he's been doing a real job, right, Mike? It's an easy job, isn't it? House Majority Leader, Steve Scalise. Steve?

Doing all right, Steve, I'll tell you. He went through a lot and he's stronger than ever. Louisiana Speaker, Phillip DeVillier. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Senate President Cameron Henry; State Representative, Ken Brass; State Senator, Eddie Lambert; and Ascension Parish President, Clint Cointment.

Thank you all very much. Thank you very much. Great honor. Great to have you with us. Today we're delighted to report that Hyundai is announcing a major $5.8 billion investment in American manufacturing. In particular, Hyundai will be building a brand-new steel plant in Louisiana, which will produce more than 2.7 million metric tons of steel a year, creating more than 1,400 jobs for American steelworkers.

And then there'll be major expansion after that. This will be Hyundai's first ever steel mill in the United States -- one of the largest companies in the world, by the way -- supplying steel for its auto parts and auto plants in Alabama and Georgia, which will soon produce more than 1 million American made cars every single year.

The cars are coming into this country at levels never seen before. Get ready. This investment is a clear demonstration that tariffs very strongly work and I hope other things also, but the tariffs are bringing them in at levels that have not been witnessed. Hyundai will be producing steel in America and making its cars in America.

And as a result, they will not have to pay any tariffs. You know there are no tariffs if you make your product in America. So, it's something that -- that's why so many people are coming. As you know, we have from Taiwan, the biggest chip manufacturer in the world is coming in with $200 billion. And we have a lot of people coming and plants coming and companies coming that never would have been here, never would have even thought about it. The new steel plant in Louisiana is part of an even larger $21 billion investment Hyundai will be making in the United States over the next couple of years.

The company will also be massively increasing its auto manufacturing in Georgia and investing billions of dollars in advanced American technology companies. And what I'd like to do is I'd like to ask the executive chairman to say a few words and it's a great honor to have Hyundai, a truly great company. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

It's been good.

That's right.

Thank you.

Great.

Thank you very much. I thought maybe, we have our great speaker and we have two very good friends, Mike and Steve, and you come from a certain state that we're talking about right now that we love and I've done very well there. I've always won by a lot. I love that state, so I was happy to hear about it. That's why I said come on over.

But Mike, would you and Steve like to say a few words, please?

Thank you.

That's very nice. Thank you very much. Do you have any questions, please?

Yeah, please.

Well, I may give a lot of countries breaks, but it's reciprocal, but we might be even nicer than that. We've been very nice to a lot of countries for a long time, but I call it Liberation Day. April 2nd is Liberation Day. But today, as you know, we did something with respect to Venezuela. You heard about that, and that will be quite important.

We'll be announcing some additional tariffs over the next few days, having to do with automobiles, cars, and having also to do a little bit with lumber down the road, lumber and chips. We're going to get all those chip companies coming back. They're already coming back without even doing it, so it's been very good.

But we'll be announcing some others. But for the most part, April 2nd will be a big day. That'll be reciprocal day, and we'll be bringing some of the money back that's been taken from us. Let's be nice by using the word taken. I don't want to use a stronger word because these guys are professional politicians and they don't like to hear those words.

I refuse to use the word stolen from us, but that's a --

Oh, it's happened. The European Union lowered their tariffs to 2.5 percent. We're only at 2.5 percent for cars, which is very low. And as you probably heard, that European Union lowered their number from much higher than that, many, many times, our surprise, to 2.5 percent. So that was good, but I don't know that I expect that.

It's up to them, but we have reciprocal tariffs.

I don't know anything about it. I'm not a big fan of the Atlantic. To me, it's a magazine that's going out of business. I think it's not much of a magazine, but I know nothing about it. You're saying that they had what?

Having to do with what? Having to do with what? What were they talking about?

The Houthis, you mean the attack on the Houthis?

Well, it couldn't have been very effective because the attack was very effective, I can tell you that. I don't know anything about it. You're telling me about it for the first time. Anybody else?

Absolutely. That's a nice question from you. That's a shocking question.

Nice, it is, huh? That's okay. That's a question -- that's a good question actually. Yeah, sure. Hyundai is a great company. We have other great companies coming in and we have some that are going to be staying here and very much expanding. And we have tremendous interest in every business, I can't just say automobiles, but automobiles is a big one.

And yeah, this is the beginning of a lot of things happening. We've had -- as you know, Apple's announced a $500 billion investment and other companies have announced $250 billion, $300 billion, but we're well into the $3 trillion and $4 trillion mark, which has never happened to our country before. What it really means is jobs.

All we care about is jobs, right? We care about quality and quality of life and safety and security, but we care about jobs and they're going to have a lot. We have a lot of people coming in.

Go ahead.

And I have to tell you that if you have any trouble getting permits, which you won't, come see me, I'll get them for you immediately, all right. But you're not going to have any trouble. You know, we had -- when I first got involved in this world of politics, when I went down to Louisiana, you know the two big LNG plants.

And they were stuck -- for 14 years they tried to get permits. And these were $12 billion, and I think $15 billion plants and they were working on it for 14 years. In one case, I think 13 or 14 in the other. And I was able to get them in less than a week and they were shocked. And probably some consultant got a lot of money for doing it. But nobody spoke to me about it, other than this gentleman, at the time he mentioned it and he did.

They were in very much different positions, but they wanted to see if we could break the logjam and I got it done in -- in one case I actually got it done in one day and the other case I didn't do as well, it took a full week. And they built and they're up and they're very successful now. That was a long time ago, but we got it done immediately.

And you'll have no trouble getting your permits. I guarantee, these people you're dealing with a top of the line, okay? But just in case, call me.

That's right. If they buy their oil from Venezuela, they have to pay a 25% tariff to do business with the United States.

Yes, that would be on top of existing.

That's on top of existing tariffs, yes.

It's going to be everything, yeah, it's going to be everything. But not all tariffs are included that day. For instance, we'll do some -- as you know, we have already done steel and aluminum and that's at a 25% level. And we are going to be doing automobiles, which you've known about for a long time. We'll be announcing that fairly soon, over the next few days probably.

And then April 2nd comes, that'll be reciprocal tariffs, but we may take less than what they're charging because they've charged us so much, I don't think they could take it. In other words, they've charged us so much that I'm embarrassed to charge them what they've charged us. But it'll be substantial, and you'll be hearing about that on April 2nd. And it will be Liberation Day because we'll be taking in large amounts of money for our country.

And that's lower taxes and all of the things that are good -- and jobs, a lot of jobs.

I just think that the law firms have to behave themselves and we've proven that. We have others that want to make a settlement also. They -- having to do with the election and other things, they behaved very badly, very wrongly. And I appreciate the one, you know, these are the biggest firms and they all came back realizing that they did wrong and that's why they're doing this.

So, I just think they have to behave. We have to straighten out our country. We have to straighten out our elections. Our elections are very dishonest, very corrupt and we have to straighten it out. And it's so easy to do it and we should go to paper ballots. We should go to one-day voting, we should go to voter ID. And just one other thing, proof of a thing called citizenship in the United States, wouldn't that be nice?

How simple does that sound? Proof of citizenship, voter ID, one-day voting and paper ballots. You know, paper ballots are very secure, they have watermark paper. It's very -- actually, it's very intricate stuff, it's very technologically advanced even though it's paper. And you'd have no trouble, you wouldn't have dishonest elections, and you'd have them all done by 10:00 in the evening.

France went to that and -- not that I want to copy anybody, but many others have also. And they had 38 million votes, and it was all done at 10:00. They had a winner; they had a loser and that was it. Nobody was complaining and they had it backed up with paper. And it's so easy to do. The other thing, you'd save about -- this would cost you about 8% of what the machines cost, so the paper would be much less expensive.

So, if you're looking to save some money, that's a good way to save it. So, it's a shame that we've gone through it. We've gone through a bad election, really bad election. The election was so bad and, think of it, you wouldn't have had the October 7th disaster with Israel, you wouldn't have had Russia and Ukraine because that would have never happened.

You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had the type of withdrawal from Afghanistan that you witnessed, which was probably one of the primary reasons that Russia went into Ukraine. They saw that mess, how badly it was handled, and they said, wow, this is a paper tiger that was handled by incompetent people.

But that wouldn't have -- we would have been out, but we would have kept Bagram, the big air base, which is one hour away from China where they make their nuclear weapons. Would have been nice to have it. But now you know who has it now? China has it. And so, an honest election and we wouldn't have had inflation.

You had the record setting inflation; we wouldn't have had inflation. I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to congratulate Hyundai, a great company, and we will do everything possible. And I will say you picked a fantastic state -- really fantastic with tremendous people and tremendous leaders.

And speaker, I want to thank you for doing a great job. You and Steve, thank you very much. Appreciate it, Steve. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

Thank you very much everybody.