Thank you very much. We have Jonas Gahr Store here, who is as you know, the Prime minister of Norway, a great gentleman highly respected, beloved in his country. And we've had talks on the war with Ukraine, Russia and trade. We're doing very well, I think, on both. We've had some pretty good movement in every respect.

The war is very important that it ends, with -- I used to say 2,500 people a week dying, young people, mostly soldiers from Russia and Ukraine, and we want to end that war. We want to end it quickly and I think we've made a lot of progress and we'll see what happens. This next few days is going to be very important.

Meetings are taking place right now. Additionally, we talked about trade and we will -- definitely, we get along very well on trade. We'll do something. But I think the prime minister knows that over the years, the United States has been very good to a lot of people and it's time for us to benefit also. So we're going to have a good relationship on trade and we discussed other things also, but Mr. Prime Minister, it's an honor to have you with us. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Any questions, please? Yes.

We spoke about trade and we understand each other very well. I think we'll have no problem.

I think we'll have no problem whatsoever with Norway.

We didn't, but I love it. I mean, I've been there and it is a beautiful place. They have --

No, very simply, I have no allegiance to anybody. I have allegiance to saving lives, and I want to save a lot of lives, a lot of young people, mostly young people. It's the war, it's the soldiers and if we can do that. Also, as you know, I got started because the money that's been spent on this war is insane.

It should have never happened, and it would have never happened if I were president. But Biden spent $350 billion on this and it's a shame. And that's what got me involved. And I see the results, it's horrible. It's a killing field, 5,000 soldiers a week on average and we want to stop that. We both want to stop that for a lot of reasons, but I would say that is my number one reason.

I think so, yeah. I do. I believe they will accept. And I think we're going to get this over with, I hope so, soon.

Well, Greenland is going to be interesting, but that's for another day. I think we need that for international peace and if you don't have that, I think it's a big threat to our world. So I think Greenland is very important for international peace. Yeah, please, go ahead.

I didn't like last night. I wasn't happy with it. And we're in the midst of talking peace and missiles were fired, and I was not happy with it. That's what I meant and that's what I said. I assume that's what you mean. Yeah? I assume that's what you mean.

I'd rather answer that question in a week. I want to see if we can have a deal. No reason to answer it now, but I won't be happy. Let me put it that way. Things will happen.

Putting a lot of pressure. You don't know what pressure I'm putting on Russia. They're dealing. You have no idea what pressure I'm putting on Russia. We're putting a lot of pressure.

We're putting a lot of pressure on Russia and Russia knows that and some people that are close to it know or he wouldn't be talking right now. The prime minister understands that better than anybody. He wouldn't be talking right now. He's talking and we're putting a lot of pressure. I think he wants to make a deal.

We're going to find out very soon, but it takes two to tango and you have to have Ukraine want to make a deal too and they're being hit very hard. And I do believe they want to make a deal.

Former secretary general happens to be right here, so they can't put words in his mouth. He's been a great general, frankly, because that's what you are, really, you're a general, but he's been a great secretary general. We had a tremendous relationship, very successful and I think he could speak for himself.

He's right here.

Well, it depends what territory. They've been fighting. They've lost a lot of territory and we'll do the best we can. Working with Ukraine, we'll do the best we can, but they lost a lot of territory. When you say Crimea, that was handed over during a president named Barack Hussein Obama. That had nothing to do with me, Crimea.

That was 11 years ago with Obama and they made a decision. There wasn't a bullet fire. There was no fighting. There was no anything. They just handed it over. Now they say, well, can you get it back? I think that's going to be a very difficult thing to do. That was given by uh Barack Obama when he was president, not by Donald Trump.

I don't think so. I think that they both want peace right now. They're ready to do something. We'll see what happens. Complicated, very complicated, but I think they are both very much looking to make a deal. Marco, what would you say?

We are using a lot of pressure on both. You know, if you think we're just in there because we're nice people, and we are nice people, but we're using a lot of pressure on both.

Stopping the war, stopping, taking the whole country, pretty big concession.

To buy more? Well, you don't need snow , you don't need skis, you don't need ski champions either, right? You have a lot of them. We just want to keep the relationship the way it is. We've had a great relationship. I think now maybe closer than ever. But we've had a great relationship with Norway.

I think just keep it the way it is. You can't do better.

Well, if they want to give us some additional concessions that's OK. You can't do much better. Yes. Yes.

Totally, it's totally common ground. The prime minister can speak about it, but I can just say he wants to see people stop dying more than anything else and he'd like to see it end. He's going to help us end it.

Let's see what happens. I think we're going to make a deal. And if we make a deal that'll be wonderful, we won't have to worry about your question. You can ask that question in two weeks, and we'll see, but I think we're getting very close. The prime minister feels the same way and we'll hopefully not have to answer that question.

Because I like them , and I like your prime minister, and I like the way your government runs. And I respect the king. He's highly respected in Norway, it's a great thing, not an easy thing to do. He's done it. He's done a great job. Yeah.

Absolutely. You get me that invitation.

Well, they have a great fund of $2 trillion, it's a big fund, and they don't have any debt. So, I think they'd probably be willing to pay us more than that, I hope.

Well, the war started. It would have never started if I were president. This is a war that is a horrible -- a horrible -- all wars are horrible. This one is, in particular, bad. And I don't know that you can ever say there's going to be a winner to this because so many lives have been lost, not only soldiers.

I mean, a lot of lives have been lost. I think that we want to do one very simple thing. It would have never happened if I were president, zero chance it was going to and it didn't. You know, people say how do you know that? Number one, it didn't happen. We never even discussed it. I would talk to Putin about it, it was the apple of his eye.

You know, Ukraine was the apple of Putin's eye, but we never -- there was never even a thought that he'd go in and I think he understood that I would not be happy if he did. And it was only when I got out -- and you know, when you mentioned what happened to Ukraine, years ago under President Obama and a vice president that was also president later, unfortunately for this country, what happened is large chunks of land were given up and it was called Crimea and that was a big thing.

That was a big moment. But this is in my war, this is Biden's war. This is a war that Biden was president when this war happened. But I'm trying to put out the fire and I think we'll be successful. And if we do, we're going to save a lot of lives, otherwise, and the prime minister had a statement, he said, This is just a point in time.

We're very lucky because this is a point, and if this doesn't happen, this could go on for a long time.

I don't think he will. I think he wants to make peace. I think he wants to end it, and I feel pretty confident of that, but we're going to know pretty soon.

Yes, I will.

Well, I'd like to meet them all. That would be nice. I'd like to take care of all of them, but we have many of them there and they all want to meet. They want to meet about trade. And we are making some great inroads and great deals. You might want to speak about that, Mr. Secretary.

Do I deserve the Nobel Prize? Well, maybe for the Abraham Accords. I don't want to get ahead of myself on this one, but they say for the Abraham Accords. And by the way, speaking of that, we're going to be filling it up. A lot of countries want to come into the Abraham Accords. You know we have four, and Biden did nothing on that one too.

It's the same four, but they're great countries and they were brave doing it and it's worked out very well. And we're going to be filling up the Abraham Accords. They're going to be, I think, filling it up very rapidly. Marco, could you say something about that?

You know, Marco just mentioned something that maybe we should talk about for just a second if we could, Mr. Prime Minister, and you're involved in it too because you've been involved in the world and peace. But I think we're doing very well with respect to Iran and we're having very serious meetings. And there are only two options.

And the one option is not a good option. It's not a good option at all. And I think we're doing very well on an agreement with Iran. But that one -- we're doing a lot of things, I will say, but that one is well on its way. We could have a very, very good decision and a lot of lives will be saved.

Yeah, please.

No, they had very good numbers on housing today, extremely good numbers. And that's despite interest rates, because if you look at what happened, everyone said, oh, I said I was going to get prices down. I did. Energy just hit $1.98 in a couple of states. It's way down. Energy is down and we're about $64 a barrel.

When I came in and we were looking at $89, $90, $95. And by the way, that helps us solve the war too, having those energy prices is a big incentive for Russia to also agree with solving the war problem. Groceries are down. When I was with you two months ago, you were complaining about eggs. I said, I just got here.

I was here for about a week when the press started saying about eggs have gone through the roof. I said, I just got here, tell me about eggs and they have been. They went through the roof and you couldn't get them. So we just had a big Easter egg hunt at the White House, thousands and thousands of eggs and the price was down 87 percent, so we did a great job.

Housing is doing very well. We should lower interest rates, that's the fed, I hope they lower interest rates. That's the smart thing to do, be ahead a little bit, although already it's a little bit late. But in the end, we just have a great country. We have a very strong country and we have -- every other country, I can't think of one country that doesn't want to negotiate a deal and they either negotiate a deal or we set a deal that we think is fair, because we don't have to go through all of these.

It would be physically impossible. You have so many people that really understand it, which is a very small group of people here and we are going to, at some point, just set prices for deals. Some will be tariffed. Some treated us very unfairly. They'll be tariffed higher than others, but we've been ripped off for many, many years.

The United States has been ripped off like no country, probably in the history of the world has been ripped off, for 45, 50 years. And countries have gone rich by doing that with the United States. We've taken care of their militaries. And military is another subject we talk about. We're not going to make that subject to any of the deals.

But you know the same countries that I do, where we virtually take care of their military and then don't get treated fairly on trade. So the people -- and I don't blame those countries. I blame the people that sat at that beautiful desk right behind you, because those people didn't do the job for this country and they let us lose $4 billion a day on trade.

We were losing $4 billion or $5 billion a day on trade when I got here and now we're going to be much better than breaking even and we're going to be making $4 billion or $5 billion a day on trade. I don't blame any country, not the worst. I mean, we were abused by countries. I blame the president of the United States that happened to be sitting when these deals were made, disgraceful. When I was here, we had a great four years. We had the most successful economy in the history of our country, my first term, and we were very tough on trade. And with China, as you know, they paid hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs, but nobody else ever did that. China paid not $0.10 to any other president. And they, but not only China, virtually every country got away with murder and we just can't let that happen. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.