Thank you very much. It's so beautiful. Look how nice -- be careful, it could be a little bit slippery. You don't want to slip with these guys. Yeah, that would be it. That wouldn't be good.

No, somebody else, very special, very special.

Very fair, very, very fair.

We're going to announce it tomorrow, but very fair.

To save the government money.

A lot. We saved the government a lot of money.

He looks good.

Thank you very much.

Some of our great people.

They look great.

Let's get you out of the cold.

Oh, that's great.

He's got to sign  be careful.

Everybody knows Marc. Heís become a very famous guy. And he's a very happy guy tonight. So, it's just a real honor, an honor to have you at the White House.

That's true.

We're going to show you the Lincoln Bedroom in a little while. It's a very special, special place, appropriate for tonight, very appropriate.

You've done beautifully and he's got a great mother. And when I saw the mother at a rally, she said would you -- if you win, will you get my son out? And I promised -- she's 95 years old, and I said we'll get him out and we got him out pretty quickly.

I remember she made quite an impression.

It's great to have you back. Youíre going to have a great life. Yes.

Well, I don't want to say that. I just want to say that I appreciate very much what they did in letting Marc go home. And I appreciate Steve Witkoff, the job he did, and Marco behind the scenes was unbelievable. And so many of these people were unbelievable, they represent him, they're from his area. And we just wanted to get him back home. I had to get him back home because I would have had big trouble with his mother. And we're going to take him for a little tour of the Lincoln Bedroom, which nobody gets to see, and it's very special. You want to see it?

Very fair -- very, very fair, very reasonable, not like deals you've seen over the years. They were very fair, and I think that's going to lead -- and where somebody else is being released tomorrow that you will know of. But we wanted to get this done, very important, and Steve wanted to actually fly over and get Marc and get him home properly because it could be a pretty tough trip.

I think there's goodwill in terms of the war. You know, a million and a half soldiers, young people have been killed.

Yeah, and it's a terrible thing going on. So, we want to get that done. I think this could be the very important element, you could be a big part of it actually, because it could be a big, important part of getting the war over with Ukraine. And we appreciate President Putin's -- what he what he did. He was able to pull it off for you, right? He was able to pull it off, we think. And you're here and you're here. So, it was great. We'll tell you a little bit more about it tomorrow. But I think we've made great progress on the war, also. Getting the war -- I want to get the war ended. That war should not have been. It would have never happened -- if I was president, it would not have happened. And it did happen and now you have all blown up cities and dead people, so many dead people, should have never ever happened. And you could be a big catalyst for just this evening. It's a very important evening for ending that war. And I think they all want to see it ended.

I don't want to get into that. I only can say this. We got a man home whose mother and family wanted him desperately, whose state wanted him. He's become a big symbol and it's an honor to have played a small role in that. And I just -- I want to tell you, these people, they all played a role and we got him home. And he's healthy, he looks good actually. To me you look damn good, I'll tell you that.

You go kerplunk, right?

It wasn't easy, right? It wasn't easy.

But you're in good shape and compare that to what we saw two days ago come home. They were very, very ill. Those people are very ill. They were treated really badly.

Should have had this gentleman out a long time ago. You know, we did it in two and a half weeks. He had four years to do it. He should have had Marc out a lot earlier. It's a shame. It's a shame. Should have never had the war to start off with, should have never had -- that war wouldíve never happened if I was president. But he should have had him back three and a half years ago. So, it was too bad, but he didn't do it, but we did it. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much. Come on, Marc.

We'll see what happens. We'll see.