Thank you very much. We have some executive orders that we're going to be signing right now that are very important. They're really redos from some horrible mistakes made by Biden and his group, and we're changing them back so that we can lead a normal life, a good life and they're actually very important.

And from the standpoint of lifestyle, they're very important. So, I'd ask Will to maybe explain them, and we'll ask some of our Congressmen and Senators to say a few words, please.

Who was in charge of this one?

And this was on gas heaters.

Isn't that ridiculous? And how were you supposed to get your heat then, through electric? That's electric, yeah. Was that basically electric heat, which isn't as good. Crazy. Here Gary, hold that up. Brian, hold that up. You guys were great.

No sense, just no sense. But in addition to that you have a lot of workers that lose their job, right?

Good, thank you. It's an honor. Here's the Golden Dome, by the way, if you're interested. It is the Golden Dome. It'll save all your lives someday, maybe. OK, good. Thanks, Brian. You hold it up.

And what do they do?

To a point where it didn't work. In other words, they made the restrictions so strong that it didn't work.

Good.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Good luck, right. Take care of your mom. You want to hold that up too.

That's a big one, isn't it, huh? Common sense? It's all about common sense, right? OK. Will, go ahead.

That's a good one. I know who's over there. I know who did this. Explain it, please?

And it's not as good.

Not nearly as good, not nearly as efficient and it's more costly. Other than that, it's wonderful.

Great job. Thank you very much. Great, fantastic. OK.

Do you have the sink one in here? The sinks and uh --

Showerheads?

And that's coming when?

OK. Good. Are you going to be around later this afternoon?  Good. Sinks and showerheads where you buy a home and you have a new showerhead and you don't get any water out of it. The water doesn't come out of the sink. The water comes out of nowhere. What a shame. What a ridiculous waste. OK, let me do this.

Come here. Who's -- who's responsible for this, Will?

Oh, good, man here.

OK.

Do you want to discuss that?

That's fantastic. Thank you. It's a great job. OK, any questions?

Yeah.

You are going to always have a baseline. I mean, there could be an exception, at some point. We'll see. You know, somebody does something exceptional for us. It's always possible. But basically, you have a baseline of a minimum of 10 percent. And some of them will be much higher, 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent.

As they've been doing to us over the years. We had a wonderful deal yesterday. We have four or five other deals coming immediately. We have many deals coming down the line. Ultimately, we're just signing the rest of them in, but we always have a baseline of 10 percent.

Well, what we're doing is we're actually -- if we ever did that, it would only be -- and from what I hear, people would love to do it. Rich people -- I would love to do it frankly. But what we'll do is that, you know, they'll go around saying, oh, this is so terrible. What you do is you're giving up something up top in order to make people in the middle income and the lower income brackets save more.

So it's really a redistribution. And I'm willing to do it if they want. I would love to be able to give people in a lower bracket a big break by giving up some of what I have. But I'll tell you a lot of people say don't do it because of the fact that you have the Bush statement about -- read my lips, but he lost because of Ross Perot.

He didn't lose because of that statement.

But I -- I don't think they're going to be doing it. But I actually think it's good politics to do it where richer people give up, and it's a very small -- it's like a point, but they give it up to benefit people in a lower income. And then on the salt tax credits, Mr. President, there are some Republicans who say why is it that these 45 other states should be paying taxes to alleviate the tax burden of New York or -- It's only because those states are behind.

Very badly behind. And those people were affected very badly. And you know, the sad part is oftentimes, they were affected badly because you had bad management in those states. Like, in California with Newsom and you know, people. So you had some bad management. But that's being worked on now. And they may do a piece one way or the other.

It's a very complex issue. But I think -- I think it's being worked out. I think it's going to be -- it has not been settled yet, but they'll settle it up pretty quickly.

Uh, we have to make a great deal for America.

No, not at all. Because we already made a great deal. We're not doing business with China right now.

We lost -- we lost $1 trillion last year with China. $1 trillion. So if you're not going to do business with them, you're not going to lose $1 trillion. But we lost. I just want -- I want China to do great. You know, I'm very friendly with President Xi. I have great respect for him and for China. But we can't continue to allow them to do what they did.

When I was president, they paid hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes and then Biden screwed it all up. He -- he -- what he did to this country between the border and between all of the other problems, the wars, everything, what he did to this country should never be forgotten. But one of the things he did is the trade was so bad and so unbalanced.

So uh, I think we're going to come back with a fair deal for both China and us.

Yeah, I have.

No.

But I put out a number today, 80 percent, so we'll see how that all works out.

I have a message for both parties. Get this war ended. We're losing 5000 soldiers a week. Russian and Ukrainian soldiers. And other people also, by the way. And I say get this stupid war finished. That's my message for both of them. Thank you very much. We'll see you in a little while.

He just came in to say hello.