Well, thank you very much everyone. Thank you. It's a great honor. We just made a very big deal with the UK, the United Kingdom on trade, which is shocking everybody. They said, oh, gee. And we just had the Ukraine -- we just were notified that Ukraine just approved our big rare earth deal, which could be worth trillions of dollars.

A lot. And overall we're doing very well. We have a lot of things happening. We have a very big conversation in Switzerland taking place this weekend with China. Has anyone heard of China recently? Yes?  And they want to make a deal very badly. And I wouldn't be surprised. But we have tremendous things happening on trade.

The likes of which we've never seen before. The UK deal was a big one. They've been trying to make that deal for 25 years. They have been unable to do it. And we were able to do it. And it was really something special. The prime minister was on the phone and the whole thing. It was really great. And now they're negotiating various other very, very big strong trade deals.

Nobody thought it would be possible, Claudia. Look at our great congresswoman over there. Nobody thought it would be possible. Look at -- while, we have senators. We have -- we have the whole ballgame here, huh? Hi, Gianni. So uh, with that, I'll thank everybody for being here. This is a special building, a very, very special place.

There's nothing like it anywhere in the world, no matter where you go. They come in and they say, wow, this is something. And I want to give a very big welcome to the White House and all of the people that come here, and they love this place. But most importantly, to the military moms. By far the most important, right, J.D.? It's still a few days early, but let me be the first to wish everybody a very Happy Mother's Day. It's going to be a great Mother's Day. And very happy I had a great mother.

I had a mother and she was such an angel. She could be very tough, I will say, but she was -- she had her tough moments, some difficult moments, Pam. But overall, very, very good. I will tell you. I had a great one. I especially want to thank one of the best moms that I know that I've ever seen. Sometimes she's almost too good.

She is so good with Baron. But he's grown up strong and nice. And he's a good boy. He's a good student. So I want to thank you. You've done a great job. Thank you, honey. Great first lady. And thanks as well to marine veteran Vice President J.D. Vance and to Second Lady Usha Vance. A mother of three young children.

And we know that they're going to do very well in school because they were the two top students at Yale Law School.  So -- so genetically, they should be in good shape, right?  They're not going to say, gee, mom, I can't figure this out. But also with us is attorney general, a special person by the way, Pam Bondi.

Thank you, Pam. Thank you, Pam. And Secretary Hegseth's wonderful wife, Jennifer. Jennifer, thank you, thank you. Thank you, . And Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt. Hey, she's become a star. Where is Karoline? Look at her. I don't know, that face. She's become a big star. Don't ever leave us, you know.  Don't ever leave us. Thank you also to Senator Joni Ernst, who's a very good person, a friend of mine.

Thank you very much. Very military person, too. Great representative of the military. And also Representative Claudia Tenney and Mariannette Miller-Meeks. And you are right here. Where are you? Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Claudia. All of our American service members are heroes and our military mothers are doubly so. It's really doubly so what you have to go through.

It's -- you make them great. You really do. You make people great. Each of the women here today has made extraordinary sacrifices for family and country. You've endured time away from your children. You've endured time away from everything. You've missed birthdays and holidays. You've missed so much. But you wouldn't trade it for the world.

I know that. You wouldn't trade it for the world. As for spouses of our service members, we're never forgetting the burdens that you bear when your loved ones are deployed and the sacrifices you have to go through. As military moms, you make these sacrifices in your families so that all of our families can be safe and be free.

Our country is strong and respected because you choose to live the life of service. And you have done that. Incredible people. As your commander in chief, let me take this opportunity to salute you and to thank you on behalf of every single American. Every single one respects you and loves you. Thank you.

And represented in this room are the nation's finest Army, Navy, Air Force, Space Force. I love Space Force, you know.  I have a special little feeling for Space Force.  When I did it, they said you're kidding. And now we're number one in space by a lot. We were getting -- we were getting decimated in space, but now we're number one by a lot.

I was very proud of that. The first time in 78 years that we had a new force. Coast Guard and Marines. I especially want to thank those of you who support the First Lady and me every day, including the military and social aides here and in the White House. Incredible support. In this room, are crew members of Air Force One. Said to be the best pilots in the world.

I don't know. Where are you? Raise your hands? I want to get ready. We're going to take a little -- little trip this weekend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're said to be the best. You better be the best because I'm traveling with you.  Nurses from the White House medical unit. Musicians from our great military bands.

They do such beautiful work. When we have dignitaries, they come around. They're as good as anybody in the world. You can go to the Philharmonic of any place and they're as good as anybody. And so many others dedicated and devoted service members. You all do an outstanding job. And you should take tremendous pride in what you're doing and what you do. I'm pleased to report that, since November, enlistment numbers for every branch of the armed forces has surged to the highest levels in 48 years.

Can you imagine? Now -- I do want to say, that during the campaign, I used it all the time because it was good to use. I used whatever I have to do to win. You don't mind do you?  But I used it all the time. Your numbers were so bad. It was so embarrassing. Nobody was signing up. Nobody wanted to go in the armed forces.

Nobody wanted to be a policeman. Now, just a short time later, that was in June, July. And then we started surging. And they started getting better and better, right, J.D.? But once November 5th took place, they had numbers signing up like we've never seen before. Probably maybe ever, but they say the minimum -- you know, you're talking 30, 40 years, nobody wanted to sign up. They weren't proud of our country.

Now they're so proud of our country that we have the highest. We've attained the highest levels I think ever. And the police forces too. And the firefighters. I never forget the firefighters doing -- all doing great. Because people now love our country and they're proud of our country again. And it's only been really three months, so it's not that bad, right?

Right, honey? I think maybe, maybe they like our First Lady and our -- our incredible Usha, second lady. I always have a hard time saying second lady. I'm not sure, is that a compliment or not?  I say, J.D., do you like me calling her the second lady? I don't know. That's the way it's been.  She is a great person.

Great, great person. We used to have shortages. Now we have waiting lists because of all of this great spirit that's really devolved. It's been incredible. So as we celebrate military mothers today, we look forward to an incredible future for the United States Armed Forces and for our country itself and for those great service members and for all of you who love them so much.

And now it's my pleasure to introduce that very special woman that I talked about, our great first lady. And she's loved by all. I just walked by the Rose Garden, and that is the most beautiful thing. We saw it yesterday. You know, she took a lot of heat, she did it, too. It was so gorgeous, and they couldn't -- these people couldn't do that if they had -- if they tried.  And those flowers were blooming.

I said, how the hell? Two -- two weeks ago, it was just like beautiful green, but it was nothing. And now it just happens so quickly. But you did some job. Thank you very much, honey. Come on up.

Let me take -- one minute.

OK.