Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Well, this is a tough one. And we -- just -- we just were making a little tour of the area. It's hard to believe the devastation. Trees that are 100 years old just ripped out of the ground. I've never seen anything like it. I've seen a lot of bad ones.

I've gone to a lot of hurricanes, a lot of tornadoes. I've never seen anything like this. This is a -- this is a bad one. We just visited with incredible families that uh, I mean, look, they've been devastated. They lost their child or two children. And uh, just hard to believe what -- I've never seen anything like it. A little narrow river that becomes a monster.

And that's what happened. But the first lady and I are here in Texas to express the love and support and the anguish of our entire nation in the aftermath of this really horrific and deadly flood. Nobody has any idea how and why a thing like this could happen. It's uh, and by the way, I have to tell you the people here first responders, the sheriff's office, all of the police, law enforcement, they've done an unbelievable job.

And in speaking to the parents, they said everybody has been so professional from the governor to the Senators all the way down to the local people on the site that really are a little bit used to this. But they've been looking at this for years, but in much smaller doses and a much, much smaller doses 12 years ago.

And then in 1932, they had a real bad one, but that bad one was half of what this was. But I was speaking to some of the great people in the town. And they said, no. Every year we get a little bit, but it was like a little bit of a flood, right. You were telling me. And it was just a flood, we got used to it. We had people and we took care of it. And this year it was -- it was like what's going on, right?

So all across the country, Americans hearts are shattered. I had to be here as president. The first lady wanted to be here. And all the beautiful souls. And we're filled with grief and devastation of this and the loss of life. And unfortunately, they're still looking. They're still looking. There's a lot of missing children, possibly, mostly.

We don't know, but they're still looking. And they'll find everybody. But it's not an easy thing. You would think it would be easy. It's very tough. I looked at what they're going through, what they have to do. But dozens and dozens of precious children taken from us with such -- I looked at the pictures of almost all of them, and it's terrible.

Following a torrential downpour, the worst that anyone's ever seen, the Guadalupe River rose 26ft in less than 45 minutes. And I've even heard it went well over 30ft. There's one story that one person said it had to be 60ft at one moment. This is like a giant, giant wave in the Pacific Ocean that the best surfers in the world would be afraid to surf.

And it unleashed a catastrophic flooding as the most -- most residents were asleep in their beds. Very dark evening. The waters claimed at least 135, 140 lives. They're getting that count. But the count that they don't have is how many are still missing. There's a lot of lives. A lot of young angels. At the girls Christian summer camp, known as Camp Mystic, a legendary camp, a camp that people would want to go to from all over the country.

People, parents, they come, and they would stay with their children. They'd stay in other cabins just to be with their children, but a legendary place. They were there because they loved God. And as we grieve this unthinkable tragedy, we take comfort in the knowledge that God has welcomed those little, beautiful girls into his comforting arms in heaven, and we believe that, have to believe that, and we do. And we lost some wonderful people beyond the little girls.

We lost some very brave men and women that tried to save the girls. As our nation, we mourn for every single life that was swept away in the flood and we pray for the families that are left behind. It's amazing, the incredible spirit from those families. I don't know. I don't even know how they do it. But moments ago, Melania and I spent a lot of time I'm with them.

That's why we're a little late. I think this was a good reason to be late, frankly, and we just gave our warmest condolences. But you say to yourself, how do you give condolences, how do you do that to a young person that three days ago was here, four days ago was here, and vibrant and now is no longer here?

The search for the missing continues. The people that are doing it are unbelievable people, that you couldn't get better people than this anywhere. Kristi, right? No, anywhere in the world, you couldn't get better people and they're doing the job like I don't think anybody else could, frankly. And I want to thank them.

I want to thank all of these great first responders who raced into very grave danger. We have some people that were incredible. The single Coast Guard rescue crews saved an incredible 169 children at Camp Mystic, 169, and the camp staff was also incredibly courageous. Are those Coast Guard people around here someplace?

Because I hear some incredible people and I actually, Scott Ruskin, is he around?

Oh, OK. Well, you let him know.

And John Dunn, the owner of the Hunt Store, was a flood. Where are you? OK, good. We spoke a little while ago and it sort of -- John was telling me some stories about that store and it was just really amazing.

OK.

Good job.

You going to bring it back?

And the walls are up, the two walls are up and you're going to --

Save the walls.

OK.

Good.

Thanks, John. Good luck with it. OK. I'm sure you will. The search for the missing is continuing, as you know. And today, I especially want to thank all of these incredible people from the Coast Guard and you'll give my regards in particular to some of the people we mentioned. Every American should be inspired by what's taken place during this short period of time.

And I want to thank Governor Abbott. He's an amazing guy. We come very, very close politically and personally and we've had a tremendous relationship with Texas. I guess Texas brought us together. We were together fine, but now we're together a lot more. And I want to thank Cecilia, your great wife, who's been our friend for a long time.

The job you do is really incredible in so many different ways, including the border and every different way, admired by everybody. Secretaries Kristi Noem, Brooke Rollins, Scott Turner and Administrator Kelly Loeffler, they all wanted to be here. Some of them hopped on the plane with me. Senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, you're here among us and thank you very much.

Our great lieutenant, Governor, I see you sitting there. I don't know if they even have your name down, but when I'm here, your name is down, right? He's doing a good job, always did, always did. Also, numerous members of Congress, including Chip Roy from the district. This is Chip's district. I had a lot of time last week we spent with Chip Roy getting that great, Big, Beautiful Bill passed.

And who would have thought? And he's not easy, but he's good. Where is he? Where's Chip? Who would have thought this was going to happen? And he called because we had a big ceremony set up and he said, you know, we have a little bit of a flood here and I think it's going to be a little bit. I better stay here, I better not come back and go to it and he wanted to be there.

He was a part of it, a big part of it. And then he called again and he said, this is bad and then it got really bad, far beyond your worst, wildest imagination, right? So thank you very much, Chip. I appreciate it. And Brian Babin also is -- I don't know if Brian's here. But we do have -- and I have to just give some of the names because it's very unusual.

Nathaniel Moran, Dan Crenshaw, all of these people wanted to be here Keith Self, Jake Ellzey, August Pfluger, Greg Goldman, Ronny Jackson, where are you people? Are you here? You're all here. Where is Ronny Jackson? Ronny Jackson, what a person. Every one of these people is so incredible. Randy Weber, Pete Sessions, Tony Gonzales.

Wow, we have everybody. Beth Van Duyne. Hi, Beth. Hi, Beth. Roger Williams, Brandon Gill. Hi, Roger. Brandon, you're here. Yes, thanks, Brandon. Doing a good job, Brandon. Michael Cloud, John Carter and Wesley Hunt. And we have others, but I'm not -- we have to get on with it. But, I did want to ask Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick -- he's been my friend from the beginning.

He's been the chairman of all three of my campaigns and all I know is we won by record amounts, so I guess you were a pretty good chairman, right, Dan? And his son is fantastic too. But attorney General Ken Paxton, Ken's around here someplace? Hi, Ken. Hi. And director of the Texas Department of Public Safety Freeman Martin?

Freeman, thank you very much. You're doing an amazing job. Texas chief of emergency management, Nim Kidd. Thank you. Thank you very much, and thank you for greeting us too. Major General Thomas Seltzer of the Texas Military Department. Thomas, great job. Thank you. Really good job. And many, many other officials.

And everybody is here. It's amazing. I do these things and often, you just don't have a turnout like this. Half of government is here. But my administration is doing everything in its power to help Texas. And I can tell you that -- and the governor will be the first to tell you that when the request was made for the emergency funds, Kristi, I think we gave it within about two minutes, maybe less and they had everything they needed, right?

Right, immediately? So we've deployed over 400 first responders and assisted or enabled more than 1,500 rescues, amazing, 1,500. Customs and Border Protection and the US Coast Guard have deployed numerous search and rescue crews. And they're all over the territory, and trauma teams. And beyond this area.

The governor was saying we've gone a little bit beyond this area. Oh, there's Dr. Phil. Look at Dr. Phil. You're looking good, Phil. This is a hell of a situation, isn't it, huh? FEMA has deployed multiple emergency response units and FEMA has been really headed by some very good people. We have some good people running FEMA. It's about time, right, we get some good ones?

They failed us in North Carolina. But when we got in on January 20th, they fixed it up in no time. And the Army Corps of Engineers is always around and always strong and brilliant. We're also taking historic action to ensure that such a nightmare never happens again. We're going to look and see how can a thing like this -- they could say it's 100 years, somebody said it's a 500-year event, it doesn't -- we're not going to let a thing like this happen again, where it can wreak this kind of devastation.

Earlier this year, I directed a sweeping review of the preparedness and critical infrastructure. I think again, I have to say when I -- whenever I say that I have to say that the level of professionalism was incredible, but we'll all work together to find out exactly what can be done. Because they do want to rebuild, and they're going to. I just want to say.

We have a wonderful first lady. And she's done a great job as first lady. And she really is a very special woman. When she saw what and met the people that we met just a little while ago, it's very devastating. And would you like to say a few words, honey?

Thank you, honey. That's very nice. Thank you very much. So I just want to say God bless you all. And I'd like to ask Governor Abbott to say a few words, please. Thank you.

I do.

Thank you, governor. That's very nice. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Kristi, would you like to say something? Fantastic job you've done.

Right.

Thanks, Kristi. Appreciate it. Uh, Nim, would you say a few words, please.

You've done a fantastic job working with Kristi and everybody else. Thank you. Go ahead.

Yeah.

Thank you. Really great job you've done. And the coordination has been incredible with us and everybody else. Thank you very much.

Doctor Phil, I see you sitting there. And this might be a time for you to give us some of your words of wisdom if you would. Thank you.

Right.

Thank you. Thank you. That was really beautiful. I'm glad I asked him to say a few words. Dan, do you want to say a couple of words, Dan, please? Lieutenant governor.

We will.

Thank you very much, Dan. Great job, appreciate it. Do you want to take a couple of questions, Governor? Would you want to do that? Do you want to --

Is the press going to be respectful of this event, this horrible event, this horrible tragedy? Please. Yes. Go ahead, please.

Well, I think everyone did an incredible job under the circumstances. This was, I guess, Kristi said, a 1 in 500, 1 in 1,000 years. And I just have admiration for the job that everybody did. There's just admiration. Only a bad person would ask a question like that, to be honest with you. I don't know who you are, but only a very evil person would ask a question like that.

I think this has been heroism. This has been incredible, really, the job you've all done. It's easy to sit back and say, oh, what could have happened here or there, maybe we could have done something differently. This was a thing that has never happened before and nobody's ever seen anything -- I've never seen anything like this.

I've gone to some real bad ones. I've never seen anything like this. So I admire you and I consider you heroes and heroine. And I think you've done an amazing job. Brian, go ahead please.

Probably Kristi, but I was notified by a lot, and Chip called also. Chip was here for -- he thought it was going to be a little flood. He was going to miss the signing for the Big, Beautiful Bill, and he called to apologize. He said he's going to be delayed because of a little flood and the little flood turned out to be the biggest flood anyone's ever seen.

So Chip and -- but Kristi called right away. She was there. I looked the next morning, she was right there, on the ball.

Thank you very much. Well, that's a nice reporter. That's a nice question. That's a nice -- but I like his statement even better. Thank you very much, Brian. That's very nice. Yeah, please, go ahead.

Thank you.

Well, I'll start off by just saying, they've lost their confidence. They've had a tremendous run of bad talent. I don't say bad luck, I say bad talent and all they want to do is criticize and I hope we can someday be bipartisan. But all they like to do is criticize and they're getting just absolutely clobbered because everyone sees what an incredible job the governor did.

Everybody in this room, everybody at this table in particular, but everybody in this room did an incredible job and the public knows it. You know, the public is wise to it. They have automatic, they have their sound bite, they send out a sound bite and it's supposed to be -- you're supposed to say that. And if you don't say that they throw you out of the party.

No, they've lost -- honestly, they've lost their confidence. I see some of the people they're putting forward and those people will only ruin our nation. Our nation a year ago was dead and it was going down, but it was dead and now we have the most successful nation anywhere in the world. You take a look, I was with the king of Saudi Arabia, I was with the leaders of the world recently at NATO. Every one of them said the same thing they said, you know, it's the most amazing thing I've ever seen.

Your nation was dead one year ago and now you have the hottest nation, the hottest nation, hottest in quotes. It's the hottest nation anywhere in the world. Every leader is saying that. We are. We're the hottest nation in the world. We've all gotten together. We've done a great job. This state has been unbelievable.

I work so well with the governor and with these Senators and with everybody in this state. We get it done. We've had some pretty big problems here with the floods and all the different things that we've worked out and we respond very quickly and they respond very quickly, and they spend their money wisely.

You know, we give them a lot of money, but they spend it wisely. I can't say that's true always. Sometimes we give money and they don't spend it so wisely. They spend it very, very foolishly. So Governor, do you want to say a few words?

Thank you very much. Go ahead, sir. In the blue.

The blue shirt.

Chip?

Thank you very much. And you know, two words, unity and competence. If you were to ask me two words that I've seen here. One is unity. The unity has been unbelievable. And then the competence. The competence of the Coast Guard and some of the people within the Coast Guard that saved a lot of lives. They went out and they saved a lot of lives.

But there were others other than the Coast Guard. But I would say competence and unity. The -- the -- the way everyone has just pulled together. It's rare that you see this.

Again, I've been to so many. And I've seen bickering and fighting. And you know, just it doesn't work the same way. This has been amazing. This is -- and this is the biggest because I've never seen one like this, neither has anybody else by the way. Yes, please.

Yeah, you'll probably have to do that. You'll probably come up with something very unique. Because there is no system right now. There's been no -- this is not -- a thing like this has never happened that anybody knows. Certainly not to this extent. But I know the governor and everybody is working on it. They're meeting, and they'll figure something out.

Go ahead, governor.

Ted Cruz. Go ahead please, Ted.

Thank you, Ted, very much. Well -- Mr. President -- Yes, please.

Good day. Very good. Well, I just want to thank everybody for coming together. And the word unity again, but I just want to thank you very much. And we'll be helping you from Washington, DC like no other president would do. Nobody else, nobody else would do it. Nobody else would -- would be even get back to you.

You know, you're fully funded as you know. And Kristi, I would say they were fully funded within minutes of hearing about this. And you know, the state of Texas, number one, they do it right. And they've done it right for a long time. And it's you know, a very special place to me. I will tell you that politically, I don't want to say politics, but politically, it's been a very special place to me.

Our great Secretary of Agriculture, who you've done such a great job. Brooke Rollins, you come from Texas and I just want to thank you. She even got the cost of eggs right down. You know, they hit me with that one and she got them down so quickly. Nobody knew what -- by Easter, everybody was having eggs at a lower price than they ever thought possible, but you've done a fantastic job.

But it's just been a special -- it's been a very special state to me and it's my honor and we will continue to work together and it's a bad situation and you can never say, oh, it's going to be bigger, better, stronger. It's just so many lives have been lost, you can't say that, but uh, we're going to make it back.

We're going to make it back and we're going to make it good again and everybody wants to do it. And I just want to thank you and I want to congratulate you. You guys have been unbelievable. Thank you for your words before. It was unbelievable. The job you've done, Kim, everybody, every single one of you, so you should be very proud, and we're very proud of you.

Thank you all very much for doing such a good job. Thank you very much.