Well, thank you very much everybody, and I just presented Gianni with the, uh, charter, and the charter is a very big deal, and, just signed it. And Gianni, I want to congratulate you and your support in FIFA for the great success of what we're going to be doing together. Very special. Very small signature.

That one got big. That means, I guess, I like the event even more so than usual. But I want to thank you all. And welcome to the first meeting of the White House FIFA Task Force. I'm thrilled to be joined today by Vice President JD Vance. Thank you, JD. FIFA President Gianni Infantino. FIFA Senior Advisor Carlos Cordeiro.

And CEO of Fox Sports Eric Shanks. Where's Eric? Where is Eric Shanks? Hello Eric. You had a pretty good seat. I don't know. It's not bad.  I'm looking for you at this table. You should be at this table. Hi, Eric. Along with members of my cabinet, Scott Bessent, Pam Bondi, Howard Lutnick, Sean Duffy, Kristi Noem, Russ Vought, Deputy Secretary Christopher Landau, and Deputy Secretary Steve Feinberg.

I also want to welcome two of my very good friends, Bernard Arnault, and Alex Arnault. It's, uh, they own a little company around the world. One of their smaller companies is Tiffany. And Tiffany made the beautiful trophy. And I guess it's around here someplace. Not this one, the other one wherever it may be.

Here it is behind me. And it's really a work of art, but I want to just welcome Bernard and Alex. Where are you?

Where are you? OK, good. They have no lack of cash. I know that.  They're great. And they're great people. We've been friends for a long time. Thank you very much for being here. It's a great honor to have you both. We're also joined by Senator Shelley Moore Capito and Todd Young. Where are they?

Where are they? Hi, Shelley. How are you? Hi, Todd. How are you doing? You're getting younger looking, Todd. I'll tell you. It's pretty young to start off with, right?  Oh, you too.

She said -- she said what about me? What are -- you too.  Even more so, Todd, right?

That's very cute. Representative Darin LaHood and Bryan Steil. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, fellas. Thank you. Good. FBI Director Kash Patel, who's doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Kash, appreciate it. And our Executive Director Andrew Giuliani, just got the post and he's going to be great.

I've known him for a long time. He's a -- he's a highly competitive golfer, which I mean, really good. And he's also a highly competitive person. And he loves what we're doing. So I want to congratulate you and your family and your father. Your great father, who's the greatest mayor in the history of New York.

So I want to congratulate the family. It's a big -- it's a big post. You better do well, Andrew.  Tell them, is my golf game OK, too?

I'll say. He knew what to say. See?  Well, he's a smart person. That's why I appointed him.  Together, this group will help plan the biggest, safest and most extraordinary soccer tournament in history. And that's what it's going to be, Gianni. In my first term, I negotiated the return of the World Cup to America.

And now, in my second term, I'll have the honor of hosting the World Cup for the first time of any president in more than 30 years. And remember, we also have a few other events. I must tell you that we have the 2028 Olympic Games. We have the 250 year celebration of America. That's a big one. I don't know, maybe that's the biggest.

I don't know, that could be the biggest. But that's going to be unbelievable. It's going to be essentially, Todd, that's going to be a yearlong celebration. We have the G20. And that will be in December of '26. We have the G7, it used to be the G8, by the way, and that's in 2027. And uh, that's a lot of action we have going for the next four years, three and a half years.

It's really -- it's going to be amazing for the country, I believe. Starting this June, the United States will host the 2025 Club World Cup, which will feature 32 elite soccer clubs from all over the world competing in 63 matches across 11 American cities, including Cincinnati, Ohio; Charlotte, North Carolina -- Charlotte, North Carolina; Los Angeles, California; Nashville, Tennessee; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

So, we have it in 11 American cities all over. And uh, these are great cities too. And they like soccer more and more. I guess that some of those cities in specifically, they really love it. And next summer, we'll host the official 2026 World Cup Tournament, where 48 national teams will compete in 78 matches right here in the USA. And that will be uh, something very, very different and very special.

These events will attract millions of passionate fans around the world, including my son. I have a son that loves soccer. Barron. Nobody's ever heard of Barron, right? Have you ever heard of Barron?  He's a good soccer player too. He's a little tall for soccer, but that's OK. And over 1 billion viewers.

You're going to have one of the big -- I guess, one of the biggest, uh, viewerships of any sport of -- at any time. This will be a once in a lifetime opportunity to showcase the beauty and the greatness of America. And we can't wait to welcome soccer fans from all over the globe. I don't know if I'm supposed to say soccer or football.

Because every time I say soccer, Barron and Eric say you're -- you're really saying it wrong. It's supposed to be football. But we know it more soccer. Uh, these events will also generate tens of billions of dollars in economic activity for local businesses and create thousands and thousands of jobs for American workers.

I've directed my entire team to do everything within our power to make the World Cup an unprecedented success. And that's what it's going to be. We're going to make sure of it. The State Department, the Department of Homeland Security in every part of the US government will be working to ensure that these events are safe and successful.

And those traveling to America to watch the competition have a seamless experience during every part of their visit. It's going to be very special. Together, we will ensure that the 2026 World Cup will be the best run soccer tournament the world has ever seen. This is going to blow every other tournament you did.

You're going to be saying -- you're going to say how terrible a job you did in the past because this is so much better, Gianni. This is going to blow them all away. I don't want to insult my other friends from other countries, but we're going to blow them away, right? So now I'd like to introduce, and he has been a friend of mine, we fought very hard to get the event.

And I think before the media came in, I said that uh, I was very disappointed because I got the event, Gianni. I think we can say that strongly. And then I said it won't be in my term. And I won't be able to see it. And then bad things happened with the election and now we do see it. So I just repeat that because for the press to hear, I'm sure they're thrilled to hear it. But I'd like to ask FIFA President Gianni Infantino, really one of the most powerful men in sports.

It's amazing because you've done such an incredible job with soccer, followed by Vice President JD Vance, then Secretary Kristi Noem and Secretary Sean Duffy to say a few words. So Gianni and then we'll go in that order. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

So you get two World Cups in the next year. The new FIFA Club World Cup, this is the trophy of the new FIFA Club World Cup. Did you notice the way he said that? In the United States, Canada, Mexico.  That's the way it's supposed to be. I had to interrupt, I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Right, it makes sense.

Thank you very much, Kristi. Appreciate it. Sean.

Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you. Would you have any questions of these great people or anybody around the table please? Yeah, please go ahead.

No. I don't see any tension either. We get along very well with both. They just got to pay a little more money. You know, they just -- they're getting away with things that they shouldn't be. And they understand. We had a great meeting today actually with the new prime minister who's a terrific guy. And we had a very long session with JD and Marco and everybody.

And uh, it went very well. No, we had a very great meeting. And no tension. We want to do what's right for respective peoples. And that's what's going to happen. And uh, also with Mexico, I think, uh, the relationship is really very good with the president of Mexico, as you know, you probably heard. Uh, and we're going to have a very good relationship with regard to FIFA, I have no doubt about it. Gianni would know better than anybody.

But you'll understand. I mean, I think the relationship is very good. Thank you very much. Question? Yeah, please.

Yeah, we are. It's total. Complete. We talked about it even today at our meeting with, uh, with Canada. And the level is total. It's going to be perfect. It's going to be beautiful. They're very excited about it. Yeah, please.

Yeah, yeah.

So, I'll start with Kristi in terms of the applications.

Thank you. Sean?

OK. Yeah, please.

To move it?

That was taught -- thought of years -- Jim Dolan is going to have something to say about that. And I've not heard of any recent plans. They -- they tried to do that. For years, they've tried to move it. But I think Jim probably likes his location sitting on top of all the trains. I can't blame him necessarily.

There's not too much of a move. They are going to do something with Penn Station. We'll be involved in that. We'll work with the governor, and we'll be involved with that very much. OK? Thank you.

Yeah, please go ahead.

On security, yeah.

Yeah, I support --

I support really whatever that takes. And any money that's spent will make up many fold in terms of all of the economic development. These events, especially what we're talking. And you have FIFA and then you have the Olympics. And these events, if properly done, make a tremendous amount of money. And prestige.

I think it's a great allure and prestige for our country and for the cities where they are. It's going to be amazing, yeah. But we're going to not -- we won't hold back at all on security most importantly. Thank you. Yeah, please.

Well, we're looking at a lot of them. We're talking to a lot of them right now. And I think -- I don't want to bore people with that, but I gave a very long definition this morning in the Oval Office. We have -- we're in very, very good shape. This country has never been in better shape. And we're doing great.

We were being ripped off by every country in the world virtually and now we're not being ripped off anymore. It's very simple. Very, very simple as far. As for calling him Governor Carney now, I haven't done that yet. And maybe I won't. I did have a lot of fun with Trudeau. But I think this is a -- this is a big step up. It's a good step up for Canada.

I watched -- I watched very closely. I thought he did really terrifically in the debates. I like him. You know, he's a nice man. We get along very well. We had a great meeting today, really good. I think the relationship is going to be very strong. Thank you. Yes?

Say it again?

I didn't know that. Is that right?

Do you want to explain it?

OK.

He's the boss. I'm not the boss on that. I have nothing to do with that.

It's possible.

That's possible. Hey, that could be a good incentive, right? We want to get him to stop. We want them to stop. We want the 5,000 young people a week are being killed. It's not even believable. They're Russian soldiers and the Ukrainian soldiers, mostly. Also people in towns every once every two weeks. Horrible things going on over there, so, uh, we're going to -- we're going to get that war stopped.

OK?

Yeah.

Well, Russia used to be a member of what was called then the G8. And I don't think I was really in politics at that point. But I know that President Obama didn't like it. And they voted Russia out. I say if they didn't vote Russia out, which I thought was a very foolish decision because it's a group of people sitting around a table.

I've done it many times with them. And you get to know them. And I say that if Russia -- if it was the G8, if Russia were in it, I think you probably wouldn't have this ridiculous deadly war going on right now. I thought it was a very bad decision. It was headed by Trudeau, by the way, and Obama. They were the ones that really fought hard to get Russia out.

I think if Russia were in, you wouldn't be -- they threw him out. And because of that, maybe -- millions of people are dying millions, you know, millions. The numbers are far greater than you think, but millions of people are dying. If you were sitting around a table with other people, seven people, hammering him and saying let's not do this.

And you would have -- I think you wouldn't probably, you know, have had the -- the problems that you've had.

No, I think it's -- I think it's not good timing now. Not right now. It's -- uh, we missed that gate, didn't we, huh? We missed that gate with another great decision by some people that shouldn't have been making decisions. Yes, go ahead.

Well, I don't know what you mean by that, but people that have taken part in protests, I think people are allowed to protest. You have to do it in a reasonable manner, not necessarily friendly, but reasonable. Otherwise, Pam will come after you and you're going to have a big problem. You're going to have a big problem, right, Pam?  She's doing a good job, too.

Well, my whole team here is doing a fantastic job. We're very proud of them. So, yeah, you have a right to protest. Yeah, thank you. Go ahead. Yeah.

These are very strange questions, aren't they? I never like when they read them off a machine. I don't know -- who's sending the question to you. Let's not talk about that now. We're talking about the World Cup. Go ahead, what else? Anything else? I think we're pretty well set. I want to thank everybody and we're going to make this tremendously successful.

And you can see, Gianni is a very enthusiastic man. He's got great enthusiasm. And that's one of the reasons that you've had such success over the last number of years that you've been there, amazing. He's like somebody that just woke up on Christmas morning as a young child and saw those toys under the tree.

And that enthusiasm really plays very well, I have to say. And you've done a fantastic job as the head and we're going to do what we have to do, and thank you very much. Thank you, everybody, very much. Appreciate it.