Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Modi of India. He is a great friend of mine for a long time. We've had a wonderful relationship and we kept the relationship during the four-year period, the period that was a very interesting period indeed. I watched. I got to see how not to do things and we've just started up again and we have I think some very big things to talk about.

Number one, is they're going to be purchasing a lot of our oil and gas. We have more oil and gas than any other country in the world, by far. And they need it and we have it. And we're going to talk about trade. We're going to talk about many things, but it's really an honor to see you and you have been my friend for a long time.

And congratulations on having done a great job.

Thank you very much.

No, I'm OK.

Thank you very much. And he's doing a great job in India. Everybody talks about it. He's doing a really fantastic job, a great leader, great leader.

Thank you. Thank you, very much.

Any questions, please?

Well, I think more than anything else, will be the unity. We have great unity. We have great friendship, he and I and our countries and I think it's only going to get closer. But it's very important that we remain united as countries. We're friends and we're going to stay that way.

We're in very good shape to beat anybody we want, but we're not looking to beat anybody. We're looking to do a really good job. We've done a fantastic job for the American people. We had a great four years and we were interrupted by a terrible administration, absolutely terrible. They didn't know what they were doing.

And now we're putting it back together and I think it's going to end up being much stronger than it was before, even much stronger than it was before.

I like her. I like her.

So it could have had a role. There were a lot of bad things that happened in 2020. I think bad things happened in 2024, but it was too big to rig. We won by a tremendous margin. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions of votes. So, it was too big to rig. But yeah, I think they probably tried.

We're looking to go to a system now much different where one day voting, voter ID and we have to do that. And paper ballots, we want paper ballots. And when they do that, we're going to clean it up very, very well. But we had a great 2016. We had a much better 2020 election, but bad things happened. And we had, the best of all, they say the most consequential in history, 129 years, most consequential.

So, it was a great election and it gives me a chance to work again with the prime minister and India and we're going to have a great relationship together.

Excuse me. Excuse me.

No, I didn't. I know nothing about it. I did not. I think that, just to answer your other question, we're just going to get along well. We're going to get along with all countries. We're going to do very well. We're going to be doing, I think, record business, record numbers and we're going to work with India also.

We have some very big trade deals to announce in the very near future.

Well, there was no role for our deep state. This is something that the prime minister has been working on for a long time and has been worked on for hundreds of years, frankly. I've been reading about it. But I will leave Bangladesh to the prime minister.

I just want to add to that. We had a very good phone call yesterday with President Putin, that lasted maybe an hour and a half. It was excellent. And I think we went a long way toward getting a solution to the horrible war where so many people are being killed, especially soldiers on the battlefield. At least a million and a half soldiers have been killed on a ridiculous war.

That would have never happened if I were president. I think we've got a long way to solving it. Tomorrow, there's a meeting in Munich and then next week there's a meeting in Saudi Arabia, not with myself or President Putin but with top officials. And Ukraine will be a part of it too, and we're going to see if we can end that war.

That war is a horrible war. It's a vicious, bloody war. We want to end it. To your other question, that U.S. attorney was actually fired. I don't know if he or she resigned, but that U.S. attorney was fired. OK. Go ahead. Wait, one second. Say it.

Well, I think we're doing very well in our competition with everybody. I think you're going to see a nation that really is going forward at a very rapid pace. Our economy is going to be fantastic. We're doing things to make it that way and we announced some very big elements today of success. I call it an element of success, reciprocal tariffs.

So that somebody charges us, we charge them the same amount, which has never been done in our country before. We've always been taken advantage of by other countries and we allowed that to happen foolishly, but we're not going to allow that any longer. So, I think we're going to do very well. They say the last three weeks was among the best three weeks ever for a start in a presidency.

There's never been anything like it. And when you see what we've been able to do in three weeks, people are really amazed. Even the prime minister mentioned it. I think other countries are looking at it. But I just want to thank everybody for being here. This is a terrific man. We're going to make some wonderful trade deals for India and for the US. And thank you all very much.

Thank you, very much.