Thank you honey. Good job, sweetie.

Want to sit down there?

I'm a gentleman.  Nobody knew that. Great job. That was a great job. Well, I want to thank everybody. We just spent two and a half hours talking to Vladimir Putin and I think some progress has been made. It's a terrible situation going on over there, 5,000 young people every single week are being killed.

So hopefully we did something. We also spoke to the heads of most of the European nations and we're trying to get that whole thing wrapped up, what a shame that it ever started in the first place. But I want to thank Melania for your leadership in this very important issue. It's an amazing issue. America is blessed to have such a dedicated and compassionate first lady.

I will tell you, she is very dedicated. In fact, if you look at just what I heard -- Putin just said, they respect your wife a lot. I said, what about me? No, they -- well, they like Melania better. That wasn't good. I don't know if that was good. I'm OK with it. I'm OK. I also want to congratulate the first lady on securing $25 million in the first fiscal year 2026 budget to provide housing and support for youth transitioning out of the foster care.

And I can say that she loves children and you really worked very hard on this and you had a lot of help from some friends of mine right here. And a lot of the Senators are here and Congressmen, and I appreciate you all being here. We're also grateful to be joined by people that are just in love with what we're doing.

It's such an important situation and commissioners of the Federal Trade Commission and the CEO of X, Linda Yaccarino. Where are you, Lina? Where are you, Linda? Thank you. Thank you, Linda. Stand up. Thank you, Linda. Great job. You're doing a great job. It's a big deal, right? That's great. Today, it's my honor to officially sign the Take it Down act into law.

It's a big thing, very important. So horrible what takes place. This will be the first ever federal law to combat the distribution of explicit imaginary posted without subject's consent. Take horrible pictures and I guess sometimes even make up the pictures and they post it without consent or anything else.

And very importantly, this includes for forgeries generated by artificial intelligence known as deepfakes. We've all heard about deepfakes. I have them all the time, but nobody does anything. I ask Pam, can you help me, Pam? She says, no, I'm too busy too busy doing other things. Don't worry, you'll survive, but a lot of people don't survive.

That's true and it's so horrible. With the rise of AI image generation, countless women have been harassed with deepfakes and other explicit images distributed against their will. This is wrong and -- it's just so horribly wrong and it's a very abusive situation, like in some cases, people have never seen before.

And today we're making it totally illegal. Thank you. Upon hearing the stories of so many women affected, our first lady made stopping these abuses a top priority and she was given tremendous support because people -- she'd go up to people and talk about it. They say, yeah, we know about it, we have the problem, can we do something, and she did something about it with the help of a lot of the people, especially the political people sitting here today.

Among Melania's guests in the gallery during my address to the joint session of Congress, was a 15-year-old young person, Elliston Berry, whose image was turned into an illicit deepfake by a peer. Elliston, where are you? Are you around? Stand up, darling. That's fine, beautiful. It's great. Thank you. You look fantastic.

Elliston quickly became a powerful advocate, committed to preventing other girls from suffering the same abuse. Elliston, we salute you and we thank you very much and it's an honor to have you with us today. Great job you've done. Also with us are several other brave Americans whose lives were rocked by online harassment, including Francesca Mani, as well as a South Carolina state Representative Brandon Guffey and his family who have lost their son to suicide after he was targeted in an Internet extortion scam, of which you have a lot of them, a lot.

I want to thank you both for your incredible work to reach this important day. Could you stand up, please? Thank you. Thank you very much. Great job. I've read about it. Thank you very much. It's a real honor to have you here, because there's no place like the White House, I found out. You know, you have a lot of places.

And I just left some of the richest places and we loved them and they gave us a nice contribution of about $5 trillion, but this is a special place, even they talk about it. So it's great to have everybody here. Under the law I will sign in just a moment, anyone who intentionally distributes explicit images without the subject's consent will face up to three years in prison.

In addition, this law establishes new civil liabilities for online platforms that refuse to take these images down promptly upon request. We will not tolerate online sexual exploitation and especially, it's gone on at levels that nobody's ever seen before. It's getting worse and worse and I think this is going to hopefully stop it. And not easy to do. People talked about all sorts of First Amendment, Second Amendment.

They talked about any amendment they could make up and we got it through because of some very brave people, including some very brave politicians in the audience. I want to thank the bill's sponsor, Senator Ted Cruz. Ted, stand up, please. Great. Great. Thank you, Ted. It's great. Very effective person. And Congresswoman Maria Salazar, a friend of mine.

Thank you, Maria. Thank you very much. For their amazing work and thanks also, to the 99 Senators and 408 members of Congress who voted in favor of the bill. Wow. I wish we could get that vote from other things. We have another bill coming up. Do you think we'll get that vote? Maybe not. We should, but we probably won't. But working with our first lady, we've shown that bipartisanship is still possible.

That's true. 99 Senators, that's incredible. Senators, stand up. Look at that. John, you're here. Look at all of the Senators. This is big stuff. I'm in trouble because I don't have your names. They didn't give me these names. We have so many -- we have half of the Senate here. Now they're all going to hate me because I can't introduce you.

We don't have the time for that. I have to get back to Putin and people. But thank you very much for being here, all of you and Congressman, a lot of them, and women. Working with our first lady, though, we've shown that that bipartisanship is possible. I mean, it's the first time I've seen such a level of bipartisanship and it's a beautiful thing to do. I'm not even sure you realize, honey.

You know, a lot of the Democrats and Republicans don't get along so well. You've made them get along and she didn't even know about that. She didn't know we had a problem. She didn't know we had a problem, but I want to thank you. Honey, you've done amazing, that this was done when you started and I said, I don't know, it sounds like a tough one and yet a very important one and you got it done.

So I congratulate you and I congratulate Ted, Maria, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you and we'll sign the bill. Thank you.

Come on around. That's beautiful.

That's fantastic. OK. You ready? OK. Honey, are you signing something? Do you want to sign it anyway? Come on, do it anyway.  Well, she deserves to sign it.

Okay. There we have it. There we are. That's a big one. Thank you very much, everyone. And you have some pens here. You most importantly, right?

Grab one.

Oh, look at these white pens. I've never seen that before.  I want one of them. I've never seen them. Here, Pamela, take that. Take that.  Thank you very much everybody.

You're welcome.

Okay?

Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Please go ahead.

Let me get up.