Well, thank you very much. Before we begin, I'm pleased to announce that I've just signed a proclamation officially designating tomorrow, May 8th, as a Victory Day for World War II, commemorating the 80th anniversary of America's victory in the Second World War. All over the globe, our World War II allies are celebrating this week, but the United States has never joined in with the proper celebration of our own, and the victory was mostly accomplished because of us, whether you like it or not.

We came into that war and we won that war and we had a lot of help from a lot of great people, a lot of great allies. But I think there would be nobody that would say that we were not the dominant force in that war, and we don't celebrate it. And I think that's a great disservice to the people that lost their lives and people that fought so hard in winning World War II and also, a separate victory day for World War I, and we're going to be doing that too.

It was American tanks and ships and trucks and airplanes and service members that vanquished the enemy 80 years ago this week. Without America, the liberation would never have happened and so we have to pay tribute and homage to those people that gave us victory. And we did something else that people don't talk about.

We rebuilt the world. All of these countries that were destroyed, we helped them rebuild and that's something that, for the most part, others did not do. So with this proclamation, we are hereby honoring the incredible sacrifice and heroism of millions of Americans who served in World War II, along with the unprecedented mobilization home front that helped deliver this great triumph.

All Americans should take pride in what these incredible patriots have achieved. So I just want to say Happy Victory Day to all. So we are celebrating every year now, I can guarantee for four years, but I think after that we're going to have two victory days, World War I and World War II. This is World War II Victory Day. In the future, we're going to have a major celebration of each day.

We're not going to have days off because we don't have enough days in the year. We have too many celebrations already, but we're going to have Victory Day and for World War I, World War II. And without us, those wars would not have been won. I think we can say that, would not have been won and I think it's time that the United States starts taking credit for their achievements.

And I really believe it's a shame. I was watching for the last week and I noticed France, I noticed other countries all getting ready for Victory Day. And I said, that's sort of strange because David just added something, he said, we also rebuilt the world and I didn't have that and I should have that. That was a big factor.

But I noticed all of the countries, Russia, having a big day tomorrow. And by the way, they lost millions of people and they were absolutely a major factor, but there was no major factor like us. We won the war and we won it with the help of others, but everybody was celebrating but the United States of America.

And I said, you know, I think it's time that we start celebrating victory and that's what we're doing. So now for the reason that we're here, but I asked David, would it be appropriate if I did that? He said, absolutely. That's a big thing that we're doing on your swearing in, very big thing. But now for the real reason and a reason that I'm very proud of because he's been my friend for a long time.

We're swearing in our next ambassador to the People's Republic of China. What timing, David, what timing. Only you could have picked this timing.

I picked him a long time ago, but it just happened to come due on a pretty important date. But our friend, David Perdue, Senator David Perdue, joining David this afternoon are his incredible wife, Bonnie, been at his side for a long time, their sons, David and Blake, their daughter-in-law, Danielle, and daughter-in-law Charlotte and their grandsons, David, Hudson and Jack.

That's a beautiful family. Congratulations. I didn't think you had it in you, David. That's really something. That's pretty amazing. Look at that. Our new ambassador brings to this position a lifetime of experience at the highest levels of business and politics, and he is at the highest level. Over four decades in business, he rose to lead several major American corporations, including as the president and CEO of the footwear giant, Reebok, where he did very well.

He did a great job, and later CEO of Dollar General. Likewise, he did a great job. David also lived and worked in Singapore and Hong Kong for several years, developing a wealth of experience, negotiating and doing tremendous business deals for lots of different leaders that he worked with. Following his tremendous business success as an executive, David stepped forward to serve American government and as we all know, in 2014, he was elected United States Senate in Georgia and he was very popular, very respected from day one.

He served on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and was a tremendous partner to our administration. During my first term, I dealt with him a lot and he solved a lot of problems. Now I'm entrusting David to help manage one of America's most complex and consequential Foreign relationships and I know he'll do a fantastic job.

As our lead diplomat in Beijing, David will work to promote American interests and stability in the Indo-Pacific, help stop the flood of Chinese fentanyl across our borders, which we have to do. We lost, I believe, 300,000 people last year, seek fairness and reciprocity for the American worker, ensure the safety of our citizens overseas and promote peace in the region and in the world.

And I'm confident that he will do an exceptional job. He's an exceptional man, and make our country very proud and make our country very safe too. So David, I want to congratulate you. This is as big as it gets and the timing is unbelievable, but it's time that we have somebody like this. This is a very, very extraordinary man and you're going to do a fantastic job, and say hello to President Xi when you're over there, please.

OK.

Thank you very much. Marco, would you do the service? Thank you.

Great, David. David, would you like to say something?

Thank you, David. Thank you very much. I think just for the sake of formality, here we go, David. Come on up. Come on up here, Bonnie. That's what it's all about, right? And now we send you on your way, lots of luck.

We're right behind you, David.

OK. Have a good time.

Congratulations, everybody.

Congratulations. Any questions, please?

I don't know. I'll think about it. I don't know. I really don't. I want to make it nice and simple. I'm not looking to have so many exemptions that nobody knows what's doing. We have to make it very simple, but I'll take a look at it. Yeah. Please.

Well, I don't know yet, I have to see because you're just telling me that for the first time. We'll work something out.

Well, they have to stop fentanyl from coming in. That will be a very big part and I had that understanding with President Xi before I left last time, and we had a deal. And he would have honored the deal, but when Biden came in, of course, nothing ever happened with him. He didn't know what the hell he was doing, but that would have saved a lot of lives.

That election cost us a lot of lives and a lot of heartache, the fact that we went through four years of misery and you look at what's coming through the border and the job of getting murderers out of our country. So many bad things happened, the wars. You wouldn't be having -- you wouldn't have October 7th, you wouldn't have Russia fighting with Ukraine.

You wouldn't have had that disaster in Afghanistan. You wouldn't have had inflation. All these things would have not taken place. So sad to see what happened. Any other questions?

I don't know. You'll have to ask homeland security, please.

When did he say that?

Well, it's possible that's right. He may know some things that -- because I've been dealing with this and some other things, but we are getting to a point where some decisions are going to have to be made. I'm not happy about it. I'm not happy about it. OK.

We'll see. I mean, look, we were losing $1 trillion a year, now we're not losing anything. It's the way I look at it. We were losing with China on trade, $1 trillion a year, more, actually $1.1 trillion, but let's say a trillion. You know what we're losing now, nothing. That's not bad.

Where? Where?

In Gaza. Well, we're going to see what's happening. A lot of talk going on about Gaza right now. You know that, right? So you'll be knowing probably in the next 24 hours. Yeah.

Oh, it's so terrible. My position is I get along with both. I know both very well and I want to see them work it out. I want to see them stop and hopefully they can stop now. They've gone tit for tat, so hopefully they can stop now. But I know both. We get along with both countries very well. Good relationships with both and I want to see it stop.

And if I can do anything to help, I will be there. By the way unrelated, but I guess it's all related when you look at the world, nowadays. Rwanda and the Congo, we've made a lot of progress in getting that disaster stopped. We've had a very talented person over there and we've made a lot of progress with Rwanda and Congo fighting a very violent war, by the way.

No.

Well, it's disappointing because I know Ed. He's very talented. Crime is down in Washington D.C., street crime, violent crime, by 25 percent. And people have seen -- they've noticed a big difference. So I didn't know that, but if anybody voted against him, I feel very badly about it, only in the sense that in this short period of time that he's been there, crime is down 25 percent in Washington D.C., but that's really up to the Senators.

If they feel that way, they have to vote the way they vote. They have to follow their heart and they have to follow their mind.

They're going to ask me about that when I get there and I'll have to make a decision.

I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings. I don't know if feelings are going to be hurt. Well, I have a case right over here? It's called Gulf of America and I guess a lot of people get ideas from us. But the Gulf of America was something I thought should have been named a long time ago. I'm going to be given a briefing on that.

It was just done, and I'll make a decision.

We haven't made that decision yet. We will, but we haven't made that decision yet. Yeah.

They said we initiated?

Well, I think they ought to go back and study their files. OK? I do think that. Go ahead.

We might be doing that. Yeah.

And it'll be announced soon.

Well, we're going to take a look. We're going to take a look, but we had, really, a very good -- as you know, we had a very good uh outcome with the Houthis and we honor their word. I mean, they made a commitment and we dealt with other countries that were close to them and their surrogates and we honor all of their words.

We'll see what happens. But I think -- I believe that hopefully that's over with and they'll leave the ships alone, just leave those ships alone. So we do, we take their word for it. We hit them very hard. They had a great capacity to withstand punishment. They took tremendous punishment and you could say there's a lot of bravery there.

It was amazing what they took, but we honor their commitment and their word. They gave us their word that they wouldn't be shooting ships anymore and we honor that. I want to thank you all for being here. I want to congratulate David Perdue and his family. He's going to be really an incredible ambassador to China.

I have no doubt about it and we're going to work together very closely. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, David.