Hello, everyone. Thank you very much. So I've been waiting for this meeting for 20 years, actually, and it's not that everything's 100 percent understood or known, but I think we've made a lot of strides. I wish it was done a long time ago. Today, we're delighted to be joined by America's top medical and public health professionals as we announce historic steps to confront the crisis of autism, horrible, horrible crisis.

I want to thank the man who brought this issue to the forefront of American politics along with me, and we actually met in my office, is it like 20 years ago, Bobby? It's probably 20 years ago, in New York. I was a developer, as you probably heard, and I always had very strong feelings about autism and how it happened and where it came from.

And he and I -- I don't know. The word got out and I wouldn't say that people were very understanding of where we were, but it's turning out that we understood a lot more than a lot of people who studied it, we think. And I say we think because I don't think they were really letting the public know what they knew.

Thanks as well to the director of the National Institute of Health, Dr. Jay Bhattacharya; FDA commissioner Dr. Mary Makary. These are great people. Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Dr. Mehmet Oz; and Acting Assistant Secretary of HHS Dr. Dorothy Fink. So thank you all. Thank you, Dorothy, very much.

The meteoric rise in autism is among the most alarming public health developments in history. There's never been anything like this. Just a few decades ago, 1 in 10,000 children had autism. So that's not a long time. And I've always heard, you know, they say a few, but I think it's a lot less time than that.

It used to be 1 in 20,000, then 1 in 10,000. And I would say that's probably 18 years ago. And now it's 1 in 31, but in some areas it's much worse than that, if you can believe it, 1 in 31. And I gave numbers yesterday for boys, it's 1 in 12. I was told that's in California where they have a -- for some reason, a more severe problem.

But whether it's 1 in 12 or 1 in 31, can you imagine, that's down from 1 in 20,000 then 1 in 10,000. And now we're at the level of 1 in 12, in some cases, for boys, 1 in 31 overall. So since 2000, autism rates have surged by much more than 400 percent. Instead of attacking those who ask questions, everyone should be grateful for those who are trying to get the answers to this complex situation.

And the first day, all of these great doctors behind me were there, I told them this is what -- we have to find out. Because when you go from 20,000 to 10,000 and then you go to 12, you know there's something artificial. They're taking something. And by the way, I think I can say that there are certain groups of people that don't take vaccines and don't take any pills, that have no autism, that have no autism.

Does that tell you something? That's currently -- is that a correct statement, by the way?

The Amish. Yeah, virtually -- I heard none. See, Bobby wants to be very careful with what he says and he should, but I'm not so careful with what I say, but you have certain groups, the Amish as an example. They have essentially no autism. First, effective immediately, the FDA will be notifying physicians that the use of a -- well, let's see how we say that acetaminophen -- is that OK? Which is basically commonly known as Tylenol during pregnancy, can be associated with a very increased risk of autism.

So taking Tylenol is not good. All right. I'll say it. It's not good. For this reason, they are strongly recommending that women limit Tylenol use during pregnancy unless medically necessary. That's, for instance, in cases of extremely high fever, that you feel you can't tough it out. You can't do it. I guess there's that.

It's a small number of cases, I think. But if you can't tough it out, if you can't do it, that's what you're going to have to do. You'll take a Tylenol, but it'll be very sparingly. It can be something that's very dangerous to the woman's health, in other words, a fever that's very, very dangerous and ideally a doctor's decision because I think you shouldn't take it and you shouldn't take it during the entire pregnancy.

They may tell you toward the end of the pregnancy, you shouldn't take it during the entire. And you shouldn't give the child a Tylenol every time he goes -- he's born and he goes and has a shot. You shouldn't give a Tylenol to that child. All pregnant women should talk to their doctors for more information about limiting the use of this medication while pregnant.

So ideally, you don't take it at all. But if you have to -- if you can't tough it out or if there's a problem, you're going to end up doing it. The other thing that I can tell you that I'll say that they will maybe say at a little bit later date. But I think when you go for the shot, you do it over a five-time period, take it over five times or four times, but you take it in smaller doses and you spread it out over a period of years.

And they pump so much stuff into those beautiful little babies, it's a disgrace. I don't see it. I think it's very bad. They're pumping -- it looks like they're pumping into a horse. You have a little child, a little fragile child and you get a vat of 80 different vaccines, I guess, 80 different blends and they pump it in. So ideally, a woman won't take Tylenol.

And on the vaccines, it would be good instead of one visit where they pump the baby, load it up with stuff, you'll do it over a period of four times or five times. I mean, I've been so into this issue for so many years just because I couldn't understand how a thing like this could happen and you know it's artificially induced.

It's not like something that -- when you go from all of those, you know, healthy babies to a point where I don't even know structurally if a country can afford it and that's the least of the problems. To have families destroyed over this is just so, so terrible. I also -- and we've already done this. We want no mercury in the vaccine.

We want no aluminum in the vaccine. The MMR, I think should be taken separately. This is based on what I feel. The mumps, measles and the three should be taken separately. And it seems to be that when you mix them, there could be a problem. So there's no downside in taking them separately. In fact, they think it's better.

So let it be separate. The chickenpox is already separate because when that got mixed in, I guess they made it four for a while, it really was bad. So they make chickenpox individually, they're OK. When you mix them, something maybe happens. So there's no downside in doing it. It's not like, oh, if you do it, bad things.

No, it's only good side and it may not have that much of an impact, but it may have a big impact. So let those be taken separately. And then hepatitis B is sexually transmitted. There's no reason to give a baby that's almost just born, hepatitis B. So I would say, wait till the baby is 12 years old and formed and take hepatitis B. And I think if you do those things, it's going to be a whole different -- It's going to be a revolution in a positive sense in the country.

The FDA will be updating the label of an existing drug to reflect potential benefits in reducing some autism symptoms. This gives hope to the many parents with autistic children, that it may be possible to improve their lives. That's one of the things that I'm very, very happy about. I mean, this was mostly going to be on how not to have the child affected, but we've learned some pretty good things about certain elements of genius that can be given to a baby and the baby can get better.

And in some cases, maybe substantially better. Not going to be easy, but be a lot easier if it didn't happen in the first place as these great parents fully understand. Right? They fully understand and feel so terribly for I have so many friends with autistic children. It's just -- it's a tough situation.

Finally, to help reach the ultimate goal of ending the autism fever, the NIH will be announcing 13 major grant awards from the Autism Data Science Initiatives. And to be honest with you, to me, that's the least important. It's not even a money thing at this point. There's so much money, but they have to do -- and they have to move quickly.

They -- when the alternative is that nothing bad can happen, let's do it now. I was just saying to Bobby and the group, let's do it now. Nothing bad can happen, it -- can only good happen. But with Tylenol, don't take it. Don't take it. And if you can't live, if your fever is so bad you have to take because there's no alternative to that.

Sadly, first question, what can you take instead, it's actually, there's not an alternative to that. And as you know, other of the medicines are absolutely proven bad. I mean, they've been proven bad, the aspirins and the Advil's and others, right? And they've been proven bad. So I'd like to ask Bobby to get up to the podium and say a few words, and then Dr. Bhattacharya, and Dr. Makary, Dr. Oz, Dr. Fink, followed by two incredible mothers that have experienced firsthand what this country is going through, what part of the world are going through.

And I will say, there are parts of the world that don't take Tylenol.

I mean, there's a rumor, and I don't know if it's so or not, that Cuba, they don't have Tylenol because they don't have the money for Tylenol. And they have virtually no autism, okay. Tell me about that one. Uh, and there are other parts of the world where they don't have Tylenol where they don't have autism.

That tells you a lot. And I want to say it right now. And you know the way I look at it, don't take it. Don't take it. There's -- there's no downside in not taking it. So, uh, I'd like to ask Bobby to come up and say a few words. I hope I didn't ruin his day, but that's the way I feel.  I've been very strong on the subject for a long time.

You know, life is common sense, too. And there's a lot of common sense in this. And I wish things like this were brought up. And this group has worked so hard on it. But I'd like to be a little bit more, uh, a little speedier in the process of a recommendation. Because there's no harm in going quicker. There's absolutely no harm.

At worst, there's no harm. Thank you very much. Bobby, please.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Good. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, darling.

Thank you. You take care of yourself.

Thank you very much. So I just want to say acetaminophen is basically Tylenol, essentially. Because I noticed that term is used throughout this conference. So it's essentially titled -- Tylenol. And I just recommend strongly that you don't use Tylenol unless it's absolutely necessary. They -- I understand it's maybe 10 percent of the women that are pregnant are, you know, would perhaps be forced to use it. And that would mean -- you just can't tough it out.

No matter what you do, you can't tough it out. So that's up to you and your doctor. But this is a very strong recommendation, maybe stronger for me than from the group because they're waiting for certain studies. I don't -- I just want to say, I want to say it like it is, don't take Tylenol. Don't take it. If you just can't -- I mean it's fight like hell not to take it. There may be a point where you have to and that you'll -- you have to work out with yourself.

So don't take Tylenol. Other things that we recommend or certainly I do anyway is uh -- and it's so important to me to take -- see the doctor four times or five times for a vaccine. Don't let them pump your baby up with the largest pile of stuff you've ever seen in your life going into the -- the delicate little body of a baby.

Even if it's two years, three years, four years, you just break it up into, I would say five, but let's say four, four visits to the doctor instead of one. And certain things I think you should do. We've already taken out and are in the process of taking out mercury and aluminum now. You know what Mercury is, you know what aluminum is. Who the hell wants that pumped into a body?

And there were rumors about both of them for a long time. But uh, we're having them taken out. We're having them taken out of the vaccines. Hepatitis B, again, that's sexually transmitted. And we think you should wait -- I think you should wait till 12. You know, I'm just making these statements for me. I'm not making them from these doctors because when they, uh, they talk about, you know, different results, different studies, uh, I talk about a lot of common sense.

And they have that too. They have that too a lot. But I recommend the Hepatitis B take, uh, take it, uh, at 12. It's sexually transmitted. You don't have to give it to the baby when the baby is two years old. And there are a lot of theories on that, but not when they're 12. It's not -- it doesn't seem to be a problem at all.

The MMR, uh, and the chickenpox. Chickenpox has already been broken out. It's a singular -- singular shot. But the MMR is, uh, is not. And I've heard for years that there's a problem with it. But they say that there's no problem if you do each shot separately, not put together. So an MMR get -- go out and do it separately.

Don't take Tylenol. Don't give Tylenol to the baby after the baby is born. Every time the baby gets a shot, the baby goes gets a shot. They say here take a couple of Tylenol. I've heard that for years, take Tylenol. Don't take Tylenol. Don't have your baby take Tylenol. Now Tylenol is fine for people that aren't pregnant, that aren't in the situation.

Now we're talking about one very specific situation. If you're pregnant, don't take Tylenol. When you have your baby, don't give your baby Tylenol, at all. Unless it's absolutely necessary, don't do it. Break up your visits to the doctors. Break them up. Do it in five if you can. Now it's inconvenient, it's inconvenient.

Oh, you got to have to go back. Another year later, you've going to go back each year for four years, five years, three years, just break it up. Break it up. Because it's too much liquid, too many different things are going into that baby at too big -- a too big a number. The size of this thing when you look at it, it's like 80 different vaccines and beyond vaccines, and 80. And you give that to a little kid.

I mean, I can tell you that, uh, I had a woman who worked for me, a beautiful, wonderful woman who worked in Trump Tower and she had the most perfect child, beautiful, just perfect.

And I remember this little blond haired boy running around the lobby of Trump Tower, so healthy and so vibrant and I said, that's great. One day, I came in and she was crying her eyes out behind the counter. She worked at the front desk. She was crying her eyes out. I've never -- as much as I've ever seen anyone distraught, she was.

I said, are you OK, what happened? My boy, my boy, I've lost my boy. What does that mean, your boy? My boy, you know him, sir. You've seen him grow up. He was so beautiful. And I took him for a vaccine, sir, and he developed this unbelievable, I think she said 107, 108 -- you know, it goes well beyond, when this happens, it goes up to 106, 107, 108. You know, we hear 105 and you're in trouble, but it just goes up to a level that you never hear about, but it goes up very high.

And they get -- it's fried. They get fried. She said, I took him, he developed an unbelievable temperature and I've lost him, sir, he's gone. And then I saw the boy, it was a whole -- it was so tragic to see. That was the following day. That was the following day after the vaccine. And I've seen it two other times and I think three other times, but two other times, where they go to the doctor and they get the vaccine, they get the shot.

The kid is, you know, badly hurt. Let's be nice, badly hurt, and just do it, break it up into five, break it up into four. Break it up into three if you have to, but go to the doctor four times instead of once, or five times instead of once. And for some reason, they insist that you put it all into the body and maybe that's the drug companies.

They make more money. That way maybe it's the doctors because they don't want to be, you know, doing this so much. Maybe it was -- maybe it's the doctors, they get maybe more money. Who the hell knows what it is. Don't do it. Get them broken into four or five visits, do it in four or five. That means you have 20 percent, 25 percent what you're putting into the baby's body.

It can only help. It can only help. And the other things I told you about, just the words tough it out. You know, it's easy for me to say tough it out, but sometimes in life or a lot of other things, you have to tough it out also. Don't take Tylenol -- don't give Tylenol to the baby when the baby is born.

They throw it at you, here, throw it, give him a couple of Tylenol, they give him a shot. They give him a vaccine. And every time they give him a vaccine, they're throwing Tylenol. And some of these babies, they're long born and all of a sudden they're gone. And it doesn't hurt not to do it. It doesn't hurt.

There's no downside. There's no downside at all. And break up MMR, break it up. It's practically a known fact that if you break it up, you're not going to have a problem. But for years, we've been hearing how bad MMR is as a combination and I'm very happy that you broke out chickenpox because that was really a problem.

And there are other things. It's interesting, because there are other things, other -- we were talking about it, other different drugs pills that you take that we know are so bad and they don't take them anymore. But for some reason, with this, they keep taking it. Don't take Tylenol. There's no downside.

Don't take it. You'll be uncomfortable. It won't be as easy, maybe, but don't take it. If you're pregnant, don't take Tylenol and don't give it to the baby after the baby is born. And you know, we have more than three years left. And I told Bobby and the doctors behind me and they are so committed to this.

I told them that this is the number one thing I want to do from you and you know, we have something else called Favored Nations, where I'm going to be reducing drug prices by 1,000 percent, by 900, 600, 500, 1,200. We're going to be reducing drug prices at levels never seen. It's called Favored Nations. We're going to be paying what the -- right now, we're like the garbage can for the rest of the world and we have been for forever.

We pay much higher for drugs than the rest of the world. We subsidize the rest of the world. We're not doing that anymore and that's a big thing. That's a big thing. That's bigger than anything. I told this story the other night, that I was so proud of my first term that for the final year, drug prices went down one quarter of one percent, and I was so proud.

I said -- I'm the first one to do it. I think it was 28 years, they said, where drug prices went down from the beginning of the term to the end, and I was so proud. I called a news conference. I said, you know, drug prices have gone down, first time it's happened in 28 years. You know what it was, one quarter of one percent.

I was so proud. Now we're going to have them go down from $100 a pill to $9 a pill, from $1,300 for a shot of like an Ozempic or the fat -- I call it the fat pill or the fat drug. Sometimes it works, I guess for people. The ones I've seen, it hasn't worked so well. A lot of friends, they're fat and they said, yeah, I lost some weight.

I said, you don't look it to me, but they paid $1,300, $1,200 and they go to London and they pay $88 and they call me and they go, what's this all about? We're subsidizing the rest of the world, stupidly, because a lot of stupid people in this country running things. And how big is that, but to me that's nothing compared to autism.

I see that gorgeous boy, I have a big present for him in the back. You know, you bring him back. We're going to bring him into the Oval Office. I have the best present he's ever going to get, OK, a big one. I saved it for you, OK, because I heard you were coming. Look how beautiful he is. So that's it. There's nothing much to say.

Don't take Tylenol if you're pregnant and don't give Tylenol to your child when he's born or she's born. Don't give it, just don't give it. And we're going to have, I think, really -- if you do all -- the things that I say, break it up, just break it up. Break up the shots with the doctor. MMR, as I told you, separate, separate, separate.

Chicken pox, already separate. You do these things, I'm telling you -- I want -- when I leave office, I don't want to have -- it's going to be the kind of number that we're hearing where it's 1 in 32 or 1 in 10 because I've heard 1 in 10 also. And in California, it's really bad. I want it to be -- let's get it back to maybe 1 in 10,000 or 1 in 20,000 or maybe none in 20,000. And the only way you're going to do that -- because this is artificially induced.

This is induced by something you don't go from 1 in 20,000 to 1 in 10,000 then to 1 in 10. That means you're taking something and something's wrong. And I feel very certain, and I know I'll be criticized. Some day, they'll look back and they'll say, well, it wasn't, but I think it will. I think we're going to have a tremendous -- I want -- this is one of the most -- this is the most important.

There's nothing more important than me. We cured inflation that Biden gave us. He gave us so much inflation, the biggest ever in history. We got inflation done. We brought prices down. We gave you the largest tax cuts, all that stuff. It doesn't mean a thing compared to what we're doing today. This means everything.

So we're going to save a lot of children from a tough life, a really tough life. We're going to save a lot of parents from a tough life. OK. How about a few questions? Let's just make it on this subject. This is so beyond as a subject that I'd rather not talk about, you know, some nonsense on the economy.

And I will say this, the economy is unbelievable. The stock market just hit another record high and all that stuff, this means more to me. Yeah, please.

Yes.

Nobody knows. I don't know. Not only that, when you say it, you get attacked. I was saying something similar, not as strongly because now facts are on our side, but I was saying it with Bobby 20 years ago and I was attacked. I said, whoa, what was that all about? I had no idea. You get attacked. I don't know.

The medical community, the drug companies, doctors -- I don't know what it is. All I want to do -- I don't care. I don't care about being attacked. It doesn't matter to me. I believe that the numbers at the end of our term or shortly thereafter could be really phenomenal. I want it to go up. Just like it came down to this horrible level, 1 in 10, 1 in 12. I was told 1 in 10, I was told 1 in 12. Today, I heard 1 in 31, if you add the girls and the boys together.

It's crazy. And it was 1 in 10,000 and 1 in 20,000. It's not even sustainable for a country, you want to know the truth. And there are other places that don't have it and they have things in common and that's called medical research. Yeah, please.

Yeah.

Do you want to do that?

Go ahead, Bobby.

Yeah.

Yeah.

It's the establishment. That's the establishment. They're funded by lots of different groups. Uh, and you know what? Maybe they're right. I don't think they are because I don't think the facts bear it out at all. Uh, they're fighting for something that, in my opinion, they shouldn't be fighting for. But here's the thing, there's no downside to doing -- other than a mother will have to, as I say, tough it out a little bit.

There's no downside to doing this. It's not like, oh, if you do this, you're going to die. There's no downside. There's no downside to going over a four year or five year period or a three year period or even if you space them out for six months. You space it out. There's no downside. And that's why I will say the gentleman behind me, they have very strong views.

And they feel that we're right. But they'll have more research done over the next two months. I said, well, two months is a long time. A lot of people can be saved. And there's no downside to doing it. Everything I said, there's no downside to doing it. It can only be good. And I think you're going to see very good results.

That's establishment stuff. And we've been reading that about a lot of things for years. And you know what's happened? We've gone from one in 20,000, to one in 10,000, to one in 32, to one in 10. Think of it. One in 10 or 12 or one in 31. Think of it, one in 31 people, young kids get autism. What is it, Jeff?

Why don't I have the doctor answer that?

Yeah, that's --

I'll explain it to you in a second, but please go ahead.

And on your second part of your nasty question, the -- the number is that the great Big Beautiful Bill, which is the greatest, I think the -- one of the best things ever passed in the history with the tax cuts and regulation cuts and all of the things it does, no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, no tax on overtime, all of it does.

It also gives $200 million, as just explained by Dr. Oz. And I'd like you to explain that, Dr., to exactly what you're saying.

And the only thing --

The only thing we cut, so that's $200 billion positive. The only thing we cut was for fraud, waste and abuse, of which there was a lot in this country. And nobody minds that. Yeah, please.

I think it's absolutely appropriate. I think they should wait until they're 12 years old. Yes, please.

What is this -- again?

You have to -- speak up, please.

Right, correct.

I would say yes, but that just is -- for me, it's a lot of common sense involved in this. It's a process. But we're looking. But it should at least be given separately. Now it's possible that you can reduce them and give it -- I'd give them in small doses, but it's possible maybe in that particular case, the MMR wouldn't work in small doses.

But you can certainly give them a separate charge. It's been proven to be very safe when you give them in separate shots instead of mixing. So I don't think there's any reason to do that. Do you agree with that? I'm not a doctor, but I'm giving my opinion. I don't think there's any reason to do that. So it's been proven to be safe when you break them up. But MMR, by itself, I've heard bad things about it for many years.

Yes, please.

Yeah.

Uh, we don't know how broad the spectrum is. We don't know exactly where it starts and where it ends. But we do know what we're going through. We're going through some very serious trouble. And we know autism. I mean, it's -- it could be bigger, it could be smaller, a little bit smaller, but the number is unacceptable.

And the number, the way it's come down the way because the spectrum has remained the same, the number, the way it's come down is just, uh, unacceptable. Meaning, come down to that level of one in 10, one in 12, one in 31. Go ahead in the back.

Well, I think information has been really, uh, not given out very freely over the years, absolutely. And I think that's by drug companies and maybe doctors. But I certainly think that over the years. Uh, I think this is a different group. We -- we have a lot of information. And that information, I mean, it's the information that we have that we're making these statements.

And I'm making them out front. And I'm making them loud. And I'm making them strongly not to take Tylenol. Not to take it. Just don't take it unless it's absolutely necessary. And there's not too many cases where that will be the case. And again, what's the worst? The worst is nothing can happen. It's very positive.

That's a positive thing. But I don't believe that's -- that -- I don't actually believe that's possible. I think the results are going to be amazing. I want to see amazing results by the time I leave this beautiful building. And I -- I will consider this -- I believe, you know, with the wars, I've stopped seven different wars.

I've saved millions of lives. I've done a lot of things. This will be as important as any single thing I've done. Because I know ladies, beautiful ladies, just like this, that are going through the same thing. And it's not easy. And I admire you for being able to do it. But I admire him, too. I wish I had a face that look like that.

If I had looks like him, I would've been president a long time ago.

I hope they follow it. Yeah. I hope they follow it. Yeah, other countries are -- you know, sell Tylenol. Some countries don't. I mean, I hear Cuba -- now, again, you'll have to check this out, but I hear Cuba doesn't have it because it's very expensive and they don't have the money to have it, or they don't want to spend the money to have it. They don't have Tylenol.

And I hear they have essentially no autism. So you have to check it out. w

Yeah, Brian, please.

No, no, I said -- no, not you. You're CNN. You're fake news. Go ahead, Brian.

Right.

It doesn't exist with the Amish community, and they don't take all of this junk. It doesn't exist. That tells you -- doesn't that tell you -- that's like -- you know, that's like certain countries where it doesn't exist and they don't take it. Would you like to make a comment about that, Marty?

Please.

I wish they would, yeah.

Well, look, it's not only the media, in all fairness, it's some people. When you talk about vaccines, they go crazy. And you know, I'm a big supporter of vaccines. I got a certain vaccine approved in nine months that would have taken from 5 to 12 years. I'm very proud of it. A lot of people think it was one of the greatest things I've done and some people think, mostly Republicans, actually.

I'll tell you, the Democrats think it was -- they think Operation Warp Speed was one of the greatest things any president has done, any president. You know, we're very proud of what happened. We got hit with something that came from a place that shouldn't have happened, but it did happen. You know, those things take place and you're very unpleasantly surprised.

But no, I'm a big believer in vaccines, the polio vaccine, big, big believer in vaccines. I know Bobby and you guys have it out a little bit, but he's a believer in vaccines too. But I've seen how great vaccines can be, how incredible they can be, so I'm a believer. Yeah. Yeah, please.

Right.

I have. Yeah, I have. I've spoken to all the doctors about it and doctors that are not here right now. I've spoken to many doctors about all of -- everything we're talking about. And you know, the Tylenol has started to be spoken of over the last period of time, but we've been doing the research. A lot of what they've been speaking about comes from right here, by research done by these people.

And I just say it again, don't take Tylenol. Don't take it, and don't give it to your child after your child is born. And do all those other things, little things, just spread out your visits, etc., etc., on the vaccine. And I want to thank everybody. This is a very important day. Thank you very much.