Thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor to be here with this group of people. And they're leading a revolution in business and ingenious and in every other word I think you can imagine. There's never been anything like it. The most brilliant people are gathered around this table. This is definitely a high IQ group and I'm very proud of them.

I know all of them indirectly and I know some of them very well, but I know everybody at the table indirectly through reading about you and studying, knowing a lot about your business, actually. We're making it very easy for you in terms of electric capacity and getting it for you, getting your permits. We're leading China by a lot, by a Ð really, by a great amount.

And I just wanted to -- the press was going a little bit crazy because they saw this group together, so I thought we would let you have a little access, a little quick access. And I thought if you would like to say, if anybody would like to say a few words or maybe describe some of the great things that you're doing with your company.

I know, Mark, you're building some buildings that are as large as Manhattan.

That was pretty good, right? It's pretty good. So I thought you'd say a few words and we can take a couple of questions later, maybe. Mark, would you like to say a few words about the company?

Yeah.

It is.

How much are you spending, would you say, over the next few years?

It's a lot.

That's a lot. Thank you, Mark. It's great to have you.

Great to have you. David, you know, you've done a wonderful job in working with the White House, a great expert. Would you like to say a few words?

Thank you very much. And Sergey, you were saying a lot in the Oval Office. I figured just somebody that likes to speak, with his really wonderful MAGA girlfriend. So would you like to say a few words?

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Right, right.

Obviously, it's a global race and I think we're at the cusp where these AI models are about to become profoundly useful kind of beyond the, OK, wow, it's cool, can do that. But actually, day-to-day, incredible utility, incredible productivity, so very grateful for your administration's support. Well, you had a very good day yesterday.

Google had a very good day yesterday and do you want to talk about that big day you had yesterday?

Biden was the one that prosecuted that lawsuit, you know that, right?

Right.

Great job you're doing.

Incredible, really, job. Lisa, how about you?

Thank you very much. Great job you're doing too. Amazing job what you've done in a short period of time, really amazing. And I see somebody down there, Bill, from Microsoft, that has done a pretty good job too. I'll tell you what, I had that stock. It was 28 and now it's about 500 and something I don't know.

It's -- what a job you've done. Would you say a few words about your company?

Thank you, really -- and a really amazing job you've done.

Bill, would you like to say a few words?

Thank you, Bill. That's very nice. Tim Cook, you've done an incredible job with Apple, a little company called Apple.

Very, very few people have been able to do what you've done. Congratulations. Please.

And Tim, how much money will Apple be investing in the United States? Because I know it's a very lot and it's -- you know, you were elsewhere and now you're really coming home in a big way. How much money will you be investing?

$600 billion. All right. It's a lot of jobs.

That's great. Thank you very much.

Appreciate it.

Sam, you're a big leader of a very new industry, at very young age. You're a young guy. Do you want to tell us about your -- what you're doing? You told me things before that are absolutely unbelievable. So what are you doing?

That's right. Thank you. Hundreds of billions of dollars and it's going to be well worth it and you have an unlimited market, right?

Come to think of it, how much is Google investing?

That's great. That's great. Great. We're proud of you. Very good. Thank you. A lot of jobs.

Good, good. What about Microsoft? That's a big number.

Good. Very good. Thank you very much. Would anybody like to say anything? You have a lot of geniuses on my right, some young, some not so young, mostly young come to think of it. Yes, please.

Great job you're doing, incredible job you're doing. I know every inch that you're building and I can't believe it. They're big, the biggest buildings ever. You know, we talked about 100 story buildings, these buildings blow them away, right? So I just want to -- they are more lateral than they are up and down, but they blow everything away, so congratulations.

Would anybody like to say anything, please? Safra?

Would you like to go Safra? Safra?

Thank you very much. I appreciate -- say hello to everybody, Larry and everybody else. It's an amazing company that you're involved with and running. I just want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank the media. They've been very nice lately, although I'm still here. So we have to -- they made a couple of bad predictions.

That was not good. I've never had that feeling before. I went to an event and people are coming up to me and saying, you're still here. I said, what do they mean by that? I didn't hear about this, but anyway, but I do -- the press has been great in terms of this industry and they understand the importance of it. This is taking our country to a new level.

We're leading the world. We're leading China, but we're leading the world by a lot and we're leading it because of the people around the table. And all I can do is implement and make it a lot easier for you and I'll be doing that 100 percent. So I just want to thank you all. Yes, did you have a question?

Go ahead.

Go ahead, please.

Well, we're going to have to see what the number -- I don't know. They come out tomorrow, but the real numbers that I'm talking about are going to be whatever it is, but will be in a year from now when these monstrous, huge, beautiful places, the palaces of genius and when they start opening up. You're seeing -- I think you'll see job numbers that are going to be absolutely incredible.

Right now, it's a lot of construction numbers, but you're going to see job numbers like our country has never seen before. Thank you very much. Yeah, please.

What?

I will be. Yeah, I will be. We're having a very good dialog. I settled seven Wars. The one that I thought would be maybe one of the easiest, you know that feeling? You think one thing is going to be easier, turns out to be a little bit tougher. But the one that I thought would be an easier one because of my relationship with President Putin and with Ukraine and everything else, I thought it would be the Russia Ukraine disaster, where this week 7,014 people were killed, soldiers.

In most cases, soldiers. A few from Kyiv, relatively few, but mostly soldiers. And they're being killed at levels that we haven't seen since World War II. And they're not American. They're not from any of the countries that some of you are from. But they're people. They're souls. And we'll get it done, but that's turned out to be the most difficult of the group.

You know, I settled three wars, one was 31 years going, and a lot of people killed, 10 million people. Another was 34 and another was 37 years it was going on. And people said you can't settle them and I settled them. This one turned out to be more difficult, but we'll get it -- we're going to get it settled.

Well, I didn't get to watch the hearings today, but he's a very good person. He's a -- and he means very well and he's got some little different ideas. I guarantee you a lot of the people at this table like RFK Jr. and I do, but he's -- he's got a different take and we want to listen to all of those takes.

But I heard he did very well today, but it's not your standard -- it's not your standard talk. I would say that. And that has to do with medical and vaccines. But if you look at what's going on in the world with health and look at this country also with regard to health, I like the fact that he's different.

OK?

Yeah, I have. I've discussed it with the people here, chips and semiconductors and we'll be putting tariffs on companies that aren't coming in. We'll be putting a tariff very shortly, probably are hearing we'll be putting a fairly substantial tariff on -- not that high, but fairly substantial tariff with the understanding that if they come into the country, if they are coming in building, planning to come in, they will not be a tariff.

If they're not coming in, there's a tariff, fairly substantial tariff.

Well, I don't know, if they're building here -- and for the most part, I think they're building here. That's probably why they're here for the -- but like I would say, Tim Cook would be in pretty good shape. No, no, please, in the back.

No, I don't like to see a communist become mayor, I will tell you that. And I don't think you can win unless you have one-on-one, because somehow he's gotten a little bit of a lead. I would Ð- I have no idea how that happened, but I'd prefer not to have a communist mayor of New York City and, you know, that's what he is based on his policy, if you look at his statements in the past.

So I would -- I would like to see two people drop out and have it be one-on-one. And I think that's a race that could be won. Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

You didn't think you'd get that question.

He's looking -- he's looking at me, saying, how the hell -- he's saying, how did I get that question? If you'd like to answer it, free speech.

This is the beginning of your political career.

I will just say that in terms of UK, strange things are happening over there. They are cracking down and surprisingly so, and I've spoken to the prime minister and let's see what happens. But it is a different -- a little bit different situation. I'm very surprised to see what's happening in -- are you talking about the UK in particular, right?

Yeah, I'm very surprised to see what's happening. Sad. It's -- and it's not a -- it's not a good thing. Yeah, please.

Well, I have no concerns. We have the most brilliant people at this table and nobody's close. And I spoke to world leaders and they admit and they admit privately, but they admit, the biggest. They admit we have the smartest people. We have the greatest technology. They can copy, but they can't create like we can create.

We have the smartest people in the world right at this table, so thank you for the question. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

I'll comment on that later. Thank you very much.