Thank you, very much. Thank you, very much. It's a great honor. Thank you. It's a long time, 35 years they fought, and now they're friends and they're going to be friends for a long time. But it's a big, beautiful honor to welcome everyone to the White House for this very historic peace summit between Armenia and Azerbaijan.

It's really a great thrill for me. I love seeing good people get together and that's what you have. You have two great leaders. I want to congratulate these two visionary people, Prime Minister Pashinyan and President Aliyev for coming to Washington to sign this momentous joint declaration. It's a tremendously important document and it's been a long time in coming.

They were explaining before that so many times they thought they could get there. It never happened, just never happened. I also want to thank Secretary of State Marco Rubio, Special Envoy Steve Witkoff and their teams at the State Department. And I see that we have Chris Wright, outside and Senator Steve Daines sitting right here.

Thank you, Chris. Thank you, very much. And Steve, thank you very much. And we have some other wonderful dignitaries including the dignitaries from your country, but they provided tremendous diplomatic assistance. And Marco, congratulations. It's a big thing, keep going. He's got many jobs. And then, of course, you would say Steve was quite influential.

I call him Henry Kissinger, who doesn't leak. For more than 35 years, Armenia and Azerbaijan have fought a bitter conflict that resulted in tremendous suffering for both nations. They suffered gravely for so many years. Many tried to find a resolution, including the European Union. The Russians worked very hard on it, never happened.

Sleepy Joe Biden tried, but you know what happened there. He tried for probably 12 minutes and didn't work out. And many other countries tried and they were unsuccessful. But with this accord, we've finally succeeded in making peace, and we just left the Oval Office, where we signed voluminous documents and very important elements to the agreement.

The country of Armenia and Azerbaijan are committing to stop all fighting forever, open up commerce, travel and diplomatic relations and respect each other's sovereignty and territorial integrity, so importantly. And I just spent a lot of time with these two men. I think they're going to have a great relationship, you want to know the truth.

They didn't see each other that much, but they probably will. I think they're going to have -- I think you two are going to have a great -- a great relationship. I have no doubt. And if you don't, call me and I'll straighten it out, OK? Very importantly, we have also resolved the key issue that foiled previous negotiations.

This declaration establishes what they are calling, a great honor for me. I didn't ask for this, the Trump route for International Peace and Prosperity, which is a special transit area that will allow Azerbaijan to get full access to its territory of Nakhichevan, while fully respecting Armenia's sovereignty.

So they're going to be able to really live and work together, and it's amazing. So, it's a very important territory, I guess, very special territory to you and to you and now they work it together. Armenia is also creating an exclusive partnership with the United States to develop this corridor, which could extend for up to 99 years.

And then they promise in 99 years, they'll extend it, right? You'll promise, but we anticipate significant infrastructure development by American companies. They're very anxious to go in to these two countries and they're going to spend a lot of money, a lot of money, which will economically benefit all three of our nations.

This is incredibly positive news for the future of the entire region and it's a very important region, as you know. Additionally, the US is signing a bilateral agreement with both countries to expand cooperation in energy trade and technology, including AI. And in terms of energy, Chris is here representing our country and there's nobody better than Chris Wright.

And Chris, I understand it's very fertile, it's very fertile area, so I appreciate everything you've done. You've done amazingly well.

You've got -- we've got the gasoline prices coming way down from where they were and it's really been something to watch. We are drilling like we haven't drilled in many years, I guess I could say ever before. And we just -- we just started. We're also lifting restrictions on defense cooperation between Azerbaijan and the United States of America.

The president -- that's a big deal. Is that important to you? I think so. Yeah, that was pretty good.  But they're very happy about that. So am I. As president, my highest aspiration is to bring peace and stability to the world. Today's signing follows our success with India and Pakistan. They were going at it. And they were going at it big.

And they were great -- two great leaders that came together just prior to what would have been a tremendous conflict, as you know, a nuclear conflict, probably. Also the Congo and Rwanda. Now that was one where -- which was going on for 31 years. You have them beat.  35 years, you had them beat, but that was going on for 31 years.

And we have it all done. And people are very happy. That was a rough one. That was nasty, seven -- seven million people, that they know of, died. Also, just recently, Thailand and Cambodia. That was one that was just starting, 2,000 people were dead on the border. But it was just starting. And I was talking to one of the two nations on trade.

And I said, I'm not going to sign a trade deal if you guys are going to fight. And I got the other one. And again, great leadership, Thailand and Cambodia. And before it got started, beyond that first couple of days, we stopped the war. And they've had wars periodically, as much as you two have had long-term wars.

And we got it stopped. And we -- the two, again I find in all cases they're great leaders. If they didn't agree, I would say they're lousy leaders, to be honest with you. But they did agree. And so Thailand and Cambodia. Serbia and Kosovo, we got something stop that was ready to start. We didn't like that one.

We didn't like it at all. And we got -- saved a lot of lives. And numerous others. In addition, as you know, we took out the nuclear capability of Iran. And to use a term that people tried to dispute without any knowledge, it was obliterated. That's been confirmed by the Atomic Energy Commission's. Everybody that saw, totally obliterated.

They might try again, but they're going to have to try a new site. Because they are -- and I want to just say our military, we have the greatest military in the world. We have the greatest equipment and military manufacturing anywhere in the world. Nobody even close. And that sort of proved it. So getting rid of that threat from the Middle East was very big.

And I think a lot of people are going to be joining right now. The Abraham Accords. It's going to be very important. So hopefully, we're going to have many more successes. I hope we're not going to have too many more in this field because hopefully we're -- we're not going to be seeing too many more wars.

But we just -- I came in and this whole world was on fire. All these things were sort of happening. We've only been here for six months. The world was on fire. We took care of just about every fire. And we're working on another one that you're reporting on very strongly with, you know, Russia and Ukraine.

And we'll have some more information for you a little bit later. But I want to ask these two very special people. Again, I've gotten to know them. They're very special people. And I think they have the potential to have a great personal relationship, which is always good, but also a great just relationship.

And if I might ask you to say a few words, sir.

Thank you very much. -- Great leaders, how long have you been in the leadership position?

22 years, that's pretty good.

That means he's tough and smart. And it's a -- an amazing part of the world. Congratulations.

What a great honor to be involved.

Please.

That's great. Thank you.

That's really beautiful.

That is so great. And we'll hold up -- how about holding up that document? All right. Well, thank you. This is really a big day and we have some other big announcements, but I didn't want to make them because I don't want to do anything that could even in a little way overshadow what's taking place today. 35 years of death and hatred and now it's going to be love and respect and success together.

And I didn't really want to do anything that would in any way overshadow -- I don't think it can be overshadowed, when you're at war and so many people have suffered and so many people have been killed and now you're going to have great peace. And I look forward to that corridor, because that corridor sounds -- I'm going to have to get over there.

I'll bring Senator Daines with me, and we're going to have to get over there, Steve. But this is a really great achievement and I congratulate you. You're two incredible leaders. You're going to go down in history. And I've read the whole thing about how long it took and you thought you were there and people let you down and sometimes.

You probably let people down, maybe. I don't know how it works, but that's the way it usually does. But this is something that is very, very special. So I don't want to get in the way of it at all, but we'll take a few questions, maybe at least slightly related. But we have some other things to announce later on in the day.

Peter, please?

Right.

Well, I think it's -- that one is -- as you know, we've been working on a lot of these deals. We've closed every single one of them all throughout the world and that's the last of them. And they're losing, Peter, about 6,000, maybe even 7,000 soldiers every single week. Russia, as you know, lost almost 25,000 over the last month and a half.

And Ukraine lost just a small number, fewer. A lot of people are dying and I think we're getting very close and we're going to be announcing later on we're going to have a meeting with Russia, start off with Russia and we'll announce a location. I think the location will be a very popular one for a lot of reasons, but we'll be announcing that a little bit later.

I just don't want to do it now because of the importance of what we just did.

Yeah. Please, go ahead.

Well, he's going out and getting what he needs. You know, he's not authorized to do certain things. I said, well, you're going to have to get it fast because you know, we're getting very close to a deal. And he's doing that and he's working with the European nations and they're terrific people, terrific leaders, NATO. And as you know, I became very friendly with them.

They agreed to go from 2 percent to 5 percent, 2 percent that they didn't pay, to 5 percent that they've already paid. It's trillions of dollars. So you know, we're working together very closely. But no, in all fairness to President Zelenskyy, he's getting everything he needs to -- to -- assuming we get something done.

But I'll be meeting very shortly with President Putin. It would have been sooner, but I guess their security arrangements that unfortunately, people have to make. Otherwise, I'd do it much quicker. He would too. He'd like to meet as soon as possible. I agree with it, but we'll be announcing that very shortly, OK, and location.

Yeah. Please, please.

Yeah, I don't like using the term last chance. Look, it's -- you know, look, this is a two very, very smart people. They've been going at it for -- and their predecessors also very smart. And they've been going at it for 35 years. It's tough and you know, when those guns start going off, it's awfully tough to get them to stop.

It really does. It's a war that should have never happened. It would have never happened if I were president. There was no reason for it. So many people are killed so much cultural destruction. You look at those magnificent towers, the most beautiful in the world. You know, the spires were considered the most beautiful in the world.

They're all -- they're all in a million pieces laying on the ground. All obliterated, knocked into a million pieces. It's so sad, but millions of people have died and very, very much set in their ways. A lot of people were set in their ways. But I think we're getting close. I mean, this was not my war. This was Biden's war, but the European Union has been great.

As you know, they're purchasing equipment from us. They're spending -- they have a lot of money and they're spending a lot of money on buying equipment. We're not spending money. We're -- but we are supplying them equipment. They're paying for it. And I think, you know, I think that a lot of things happened recently that would make this go forward.

I'm not going to mention anything having to do with India, but maybe that had an impact. But what really had an impact was NATO has stepped up in terms of their spending on buying military equipment. You know, we're in for probably, through Biden and his people, $350 billion, $350 billion. When they hear these numbers, you're saying that's a lot of money. $350 billion the United States has spent on that.

It should have spent nothing because it should have never happened -- would have never happened. And Europe is in for over $100 billion, which is -- it should be the opposite, if we were in for anything, but it should be the opposite.

And I will say that to Europe, as Europe wants to see peace. The European leaders want to see peace. President Putin, I believe, wants to see peace. And Zelenskyy wants to see peace. Now President Zelenskyy has to get all of his, uh, uh, everything he needs because he's going to have to get ready to sign something.

And I think he is working hard to get that done.

Well, you're looking at territory that's been fought over for three and a half years. With, you know, a lot of Russians have died, a lot of Ukrainians have died. So we're looking at that. But we're actually looking to get some back. And uh, some swapping. It's complicated. It's actually nothing easy. It's very complicated.

But we're going to get some back. We're going to get some uh, some switched. There'll be some swapping of territories to the betterment of both. And uh, but we'll be talking about that either later or tomorrow or whatever. Yeah, please.

Say it.

Yeah.

He likes Mr. Witkoff. I can tell you that. That's true.  Please, go ahead.

Oh, yeah.

Front -- front row. You'll be front row.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very -- thank you.

Yes.

Thank you. You certainly will be. Thank you very much.

Well, we'll see what happens.

Thank you very much. That's very nice.

We're looking into that right now. Good question actually. And another complex one as you know. But we're working on that right now. Somalia land.

We'll be announcing a location in maybe a little while. And I think you'll be very happy. We'll see what happens, right? All we can do is do our best. We've been working on this one for a long time. This is a very complicated one also. This was extremely complicated, but we made it less complicated. And -- and we had two very brilliant people on my right and my left.

They understood what was at stake. I think if it didn't get done now it might have never gotten done. So this is the same, very similar with Ukraine. It became more and more complicated as time went on. It was simple at the beginning. It wasn't going to happen. But it became more and more complicated. But I think we're getting close.

Yes, ma'am?

Yes, go ahead, please.

What was that?

Oh. I -- I will give it to you very soon. I just -- honestly, I don't want to do anything -- these guys -- I don't want to do anything where that's like -- because this is a bigger story than a location. A location is good. I'm a real estate person. I know about location.  But -- but this -- there's nothing to compete with this in terms of, uh, what we're doing today.

Just -- it's just such a great achievement for these two, really they'll go down as great leaders for what they did. I put them together. But what they have been able to -- and don't want to do anything. So we'll talk about it later, today. Today. We'll give you a location today.

Cartels where?

Well, Latin America's got a lot of cartels. They've got a lot of drugs flowing, so, you know, we want to protect our country. We have to protect our country. We haven't been doing it for four years. And we love this country like they love their countries. We have to protect our country. So, you know, we're playing a tough game.

But, we'll have more to say about that soon. Yes, ma'am.

Will I what?

Which one do I consider better?

I think if I ever said that, that you would say this guy couldn't have solved the problem. You know what I consider them both great, OK?  And you know what? The going to be even greater, but -- and they're very different in many ways, but they have a lot in common. But they're both great as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah, please. That's an interesting question, right?  That would've been a hell of an answer. If I said, well, I think -- I think I like this one or that one. No, we don't do that. Go ahead, please.

Thank you.

I don't think it's going to happen. I think it's going to be very good. And I told them, I gave them a personal commitment, if there's -- you know, there's always little problems here and there, right? The big ones have been solved. These are -- the giant ones have been solved. But if there's conflict, they both know they're going to call me and we're going to get it straightened out.

They're not going to have a problem. Where are you from?

OK, good, very good. I was wondering, it was a very unusual question.  But it's not unusual considering you're from Armenia. If there's a problem, we will get it worked out. I told them both don't let the problem last. We get it early and we'll get it -- we'll get it solved. Good reporter you have over there.  OK.

Yes, please.

That's a very nice statement.

It truly is.

That's a very nice two statements, but that's a beautiful -- beautifully stated statement. Let's go. A couple of more. Yeah, please.

Yeah.

Well, to me it's very important, but it's -- you know, I just -- I know the history of what was going on because I do a lot of reading and they've been a vicious -- they've had a very contentious relationship for a long time. It's -- I mean, it's war. Most of the time was war. And so to get it done, they're great people.

I know a lot of people from Armenia. I know a lot of people from both countries and they're incredible people and it shouldn't happen, what has happened. I wish we could have been here sooner. If the election were different -- I'm going to be nice today. I'm not going to be controversial and say the election was rigged.

I would have had this thing solved four years sooner, but the truth is it's right. If the election were rigged, I would have been here four years sooner. We would have signed the same agreement four years sooner, but it didn't happen. And the Biden administration did really very little, actually nothing to get it done.

But they did nothing to get really anything done. It was very -- this country was in very serious shape. And I say it over and over again. I met all the leaders of NATO. I met -- I went as you know, the Middle East. I was with the king of Saudi Arabia, the leaders of great countries, right, Qatar and UAE and others in the Middle East.

And everyone essentially said the same thing. We had a dead country one year ago. We had a dead country. Our country was dying and now we have the hottest country anywhere in the world. It's not even close. We have the hottest country in the world and it's an honor to use that, if you call it power or respect or whatever it is, to settle wars like we have right here to my left and my right.

And these two guys are very smart. I got to know them and they're very smart. They're not going to -- I don't think they're going to ever have to bother with me. They may call me just to bug me a little bit. Let me put them to a test and they'll call because they like to call me, but they're not going to have any problem.

We have a very comprehensive agreement. It's a peace agreement. This isn't ceasefire. This isn't we'll hold off -- this is a peace agreement, and they're going to end up doing a lot of business with each other. They're going to do a lot of business with the United States, and I'm going to always remember, at least during the time that I'm here, I'm going to remember how smart they were, how good they were.

And when it comes to trade and other things, we're going to always go 100 percent out. We'll go out of our way to make sure it comes out good for them. They did an amazingly good thing and a very brave thing. It's a -- it's a very complicated part of the world they come from, very tough part of the world.

It's a tough, tough, but smart part of the world. Smart, tough people and great wealth, you know, great energy wealth. I was talking to Chris and you were saying in terms of wealth, it's enormous wealth, but wealth doesn't often solve problems. It takes other things. But they were -- they're amazing, two amazing leaders and it's an honor to be associated with them.

How about we'll do one more, please.

I think my instinct really tells me that we have a shot at it, OK, and you'll find that out later on and maybe even today. But we have a shot at it. Look, it's got to be solved. You know, we're not losing people. A lot of people say, why are you bothering? We're not losing people. We were spending hundreds of billions of dollars.

Now we're spending nothing. We're spending no money. I guess we're making money because you know, our great -- we have the best military equipment in the world. We're selling it to NATO, but you're losing thousands of people a week, Russians and Ukrainians, mostly, and mostly soldiers but you know, missiles are lobbed into cities and towns, Kiev, lots of places.

You've been reading the same stories that I've been reading and we got to get it solved.

I can't say. I mean, a lot of people say no matter what I did because you know I'm a -- of a certain persuasion. No matter what I do, they won't give it up and I'm not politicking for it. I have a lot of people that are. I know. I mean, I read the same things as you do, but -- it would be a great honor certainly, but I would never politic -- I'm not doing it for that.

I'm doing it because of I really -- number one, I want to save lives. That's why I'm involved so much with Ukraine and Russia, it's saving lives of Russians and Ukrainians. It's not American lives. Now, I would say this, that war could have escalated into something much bigger -- that could have been a world war.

I think if we didn't come, Ukraine, Russia would have ended up being a world war and I stopped that. That stopped. Now the only question is when is it going to be settled? And it could be very soon, but when is it going to be -- but that would have been a world war. If I didn't come along with a very talented group of people sitting largely right here, but there are others not in the room that are very talented.

I think Russia, Ukraine would have had a very, very high degree, I think even probably would have ended up being in a world war. I don't think people talk about that now because they don't see it anymore, but we brought it down a long way. But that was getting to a point -- when I first came in, I said, wow, this thing is really bad.

And it could have gone -- it could have escalated to a level that you people would have been very unhappy with. Yeah.

Well, I do relating to everybody. I mean, not just President Putin, but also people and leaders that I deal with. Look, I'm dealing with trade and some of the worst deals we made, some of the worst trade deals we have, I talk about friend and foe, right, friend and foe. Two interesting words. Some of our worst trade deals were not with the foe, they were with the friends.

Our friends were just killing us on trade, not anymore, not anymore. We're making -- you know, we're taking in trillions of dollars and we're respected and we're settling, you know, through trade even a little bit here, less here than on some. But through trade, I got things settled. With India, Pakistan, I think it was trade more than any other reason.

That's how I got involved. I said, you know, I don't want to be dealing with countries that are trying to blow up themselves and maybe the world. You know, they're nuclear nations. That was a big one, getting that one settled. I think you'd agree. That was a -- that was a big one. And they were going at it. You know, they were shooting airplanes out of the sky, you know they -- five or six planes got shot down in their last little skirmish, and then it was going to escalate from there.

That could have gotten to be very, very bad. No, I want to save a lot of lives. I love saving lives. That's what it's about. And you know, when you save lives, you really end up having a peaceful world. Usually, that ends up pretty well. I want to thank everybody, but in particular these two great leaders for having the courage to do what they did today and they're going to go down in the history books and it's a great honor to be involved.

Thank you very much. Thank you.