Thank you very much. So we have good news. Uh, we've reached a deal. It's a, uh, good deal for everybody, I believe. And, uh, it's -- I think you were saying this is probably the biggest deal ever reached in any capacity trade or beyond trade.

Let's say, uh, it's a giant deal with lots of countries because as you know, Ursula represents a lot of countries, not one country. It's a, it's not easy for you. It's 'cause a lot of very different countries, great countries, but some are strong with cars, some are strong with agriculture, some are strong with both, right?

You have a lot of different, uh, factors. So we're going to do the following. Uh, the European Union is going to agree to purchase from the United States, $750 billion worth of energy. $750 billion worth of energy. They are going to agree to invest into the United States, $600 billion more than they're investing already.

So they're investing a large amount of money. Uh, you know what that amount of money is? It's very substantial, but they're gonna invest an additional $600 billion. Uh, they're agreeing to open up their countries to trade at zero tariff. So that's a very big factor. Opening up their countries. All of the countries will be opened up to trade with the United States at zero tariff.

Uh, and they're agreeing to purchase a vast amount of military equipment. We don't know what that number is, but it's, it's, the good news is we make the best military equipment in the world. So sort of, you have to do that. I mean, until somebody tops us, which is not gonna happen. We're way ahead of every other country in terms of the quality of the military equipment.

You saw that recently in, uh, Iran, and you see that -- Unfortunately, you see that often for all the wrong reasons, right? So those things are, uh, 750 billion, 600 billion, opening up the country. Uh, we are agreeing that the tariff straight across for automobiles and everything else will be a straight across tariff of 15%. So we have a tariff of 15%. We have the opening up of all of the European countries, which I think I could say were essentially closed.

I mean, they, you weren't exactly taking our autos. You weren't exactly taking our agriculture and then you would have smaller things, but for the most part it was closed and now it's open. It's open for our companies to go in and do a good job with it. I think you'll like them. I think you'll like it. And, uh, we will, uh, very importantly, they'll be investing a lot of money.

But the military is a big number, but that's one number we're not determining. It's gonna be whatever it is, but they're gonna be purchasing, uh, hundreds of billions of dollars worth of military equipment. Uh, they're, uh, very importantly, they're gonna purchase 750, uh, $750 billion worth of energy. So that's gonna be great.

And $600 billion worth of investments into the United States over and above what they have. So, and I think that basically concludes the deal. I mean, those are the main factors. I don't think there are too many other factors other than we're gonna get along great. And we have a great relationship now with NATO, which is largely the same.

You know, I mean, not exactly, but pretty -- pretty close, right, largely? And with NATO, as you know, they're going up to 5% from 3, from 2%. And the relationship is very strong with NATO. Uh, so I just want to congratulate you. I think it's, uh, I think it's great that we made a deal today instead of playing games and maybe not making a deal at all.

I think it's, uh, I, I'm gonna let you say, uh, but I think it's the biggest deal ever made. Thank you very much.

Congratulations.

Go.

Yeah.

Yeah.

We did.

Thank you, madam.

Okay. Do you have any questions, Chris?

I, I think we both wanted to make a deal. Uh, you know, you said something that is very important. It's gonna bring us closer together. I think this deal will bring us very close together, actually. Sort of, uh, it's a partnership in a sense, but, uh, uh, it's a very good point, and it's something that's very important.

No, we had four or five.

No, no. Not, not pharmaceuticals. I mean, we're gonna be, as you know, a lot of companies are coming into the US, and that's unrelated to this deal. But it's, uh -- I think we, we, you know, this is, didn't just start today. We had a --

-- a meeting. I wasn't sure. I, I said 50/50. I think you probably felt the same thing.

But this started months ago, this negotiation. So we knew pretty much what we were, uh, getting into, and we were able to make a deal that's very satisfactory to both sides. So it's very, it's, uh, a tremendously, it's a very powerful deal. It's a very big deal. It's the biggest of all the deals. It will be the biggest of all the deals.

So we're very honored to have done so. And your staff has been fantastic --

-- and they worked together very --

-- long and hard.

Yeah.

We made it.

We made it. Anybody else? Yes, ma'am.

Yeah.

And, and again, the energy is a very important component because we have, uh, more energy than anybody else in that sense. And, uh, I, I think it was very wise that they buy a lot of energy and it's, uh, it's great stuff, and it solves a lot of problems. So that was a, uh, that was a great decision, I think.

On what?

Uh, steel they're saying the way it is, uh, the steel and aluminum, et cetera, et cetera, that's a worldwide thing. That, that stays the way it is.

Uh, chips is, uh, Howard, you might wanna describe the chips, please, if you would?

We'll be doing a lot of chips. A lot of companies are coming in from Taiwan and from other places into the U.S, and they're doing that in order to avoid tariffs. And, uh, the president really, uh, avoided the tariffs in a, in a better way for them, much better, way, much more conclusive, uh, I think probably much more profitable.

Definitely much more profitable, and got a lot of benefit from it, so, it was a very interesting negotiation. It was a, it was, I, I think it's gonna be great for both, both parties, John, really, I think you're, I think your various countries are very happy about this.

Yeah, I think cars, uh, cars basically, were not invited. Were not, I, I don't know if the word is not allowed or just, you know, you just kept 'em out somehow, right?  But, uh, cars will be, you know, we have some cars that do terrific business and very, we do really well with the pickup trucks, with the SUVs. Uh, we do, uh, we have some great things and I, I think the people of Europe will have some diversification.

I think that'll make 'em happy. Uh, so I think maybe cars would be the, the one that would go the biggest. And the, the second would be agriculture, the farmers. And we'll do it in very strict conjunction with, uh, with the president and the European Union. And they're coming into, likewise, they're coming into our country with, uh, great vigor.

And, uh, I think, I think they're gonna, I think they're gonna make a lot of money with this. I think everybody is, I think it, and, and again, it's gonna bring a lot of unity and friendship. It's gonna work out really well.

Okay.

Say it?

That's an interesting question. This is the big one. This is the biggest of them all.

Uh, we're looking at, uh, deals with three or four other countries, but for the most part, uh, you know, I, I can't get them to understand that it's the letter. We just sent that letter. And that letter is, you know, very universal for most, I mean, most, you, you wouldn't be able to do this. You don't, you wouldn't have the time or the patience to be able to do a deal like this.

Uh, most of the others are gonna be a certain tariff, and we're gonna keep it as low as we can. Uh, either generally smaller countries, uh, or countries we don't do much business with, uh, but that, they've already received, to a large extent, they've received a letter, they'll probably, uh, receive a letter of clarification or a confirmation type letter.

Which will go out sometime during this week.

Prior to August 1st. And the tariffs will start being paid by those countries prior to August, you know, on August 1st and beyond. Okay.

Oh, you gotta be kidding with that.

No, had nothing to do with it. Only you would think that, that had nothing to do with it.

I, I think everybody's gonna be happy with this. Uh, the prime minister of the UK, while he's not involved in this, will be very happy, 'cause uh, you know, there's a certain unity that's been brought there too. You know, we have a separate deal with them, but I think everybody's gonna, he's gonna be very happy to know.

Look, he's friendly with all of you. He's a, I think he's a very good, a very good man, and, um, he's gonna be very happy to see what we did. I think UK is gonna be very, very happy. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you. Thank you, very much.

Essentially, not, not that we can think of. Thank you.