Thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor to have Bibi and Sara with us, friends of mine for a long time and we had a tremendous success together and I think it will only go on to be even greater success in the future. So it's really nice to have you at the White House. There's nothing like the White House.

And it's great to have you both and all of your wonderful people. Ron, we've worked together for a long time. We've done well together and we had a great time. I would say there's a lot of work, but we had a great result recently and we're going to have a lot of great results. So it's great to have you. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. This, I didn't know. Wow. Thank you very much.

Coming from you in particular, this is very meaningful. Thank you very much, Bibi.

Thank you. It's a great honor.

Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it.

Well, we're going to just make it as comfortable as possible for the state of Texas. They have a great governor. They have wonderful senators, they have wonderful representatives and we're going to work together with them and we have been working really very hard. This whole table has been working. That was a terrible event, terrible event.

You saw that, Bibi, where Texas was just absolutely so badly hurt by something that was a big surprise late in the evening. So we'll be working with the governor and all of the people of Texas. We'll be going on Friday.

I don't think so. They want to meet and they want to have that ceasefire, so I don't think so. Steve, could you respond to this? You know about it?

More or less final offer.

Look, we're always subject to negotiate something that's fair, but we've talked to most of the countries and pretty much they've had their way for many, many decades, as you know. And it was time that we just wanted fairness. This is not really equitable from our standpoint because it's just a small token by comparison to the damage that's been done over the years, but we had no other president that was willing to do this.

I did it in my first term with China and others. We took in hundreds of millions of dollars of tariffs, no inflation, the most successful period of time that we've ever had financially in the country, the first term. I think this term is going to be much better, even much better than that. That was the best ever and this is going to be, I think substantially better, and we're on the way to doing that.

We've already taken in over $100 billion worth of tariffs and we haven't even started. And all I say to the other countries is -- some of them wanted to make a deal and wanted to be fair, others perhaps got a little bit spoiled. They were a little bit spoiled because for 30, 40 years, 50 years, they were taking advantage of the country.

So we're going to -- I would say, final, but if they call with a different offer and if I like it, we'll do it.

I would say firm. No, I would say firm, but not 100 percent firm. If they call up and they say we'd like to do something a different way, we're going to be open to that. But essentially, that's the way it is right now. Yeah.

You know, Bibi, why don't I let you answer that question? Wait, he's got to answer the --

And we've had great cooperation from surrounding, meaning surrounding Israel, surrounding countries, great cooperation from every single one of them. So something good will happen. Brian, did you have something?

Well, I hope so. Look, we did a job with India and Pakistan and Serbia, Kosovo, Rwanda and the Congo, and this was all over the last three weeks or so, Marco, right? And others that were ready to fight and we stopped a lot of fights. I think a very big one, frankly, a very, very big one was India and Pakistan.

And we stopped that over trade. We're dealing with India and we're dealing with Pakistan and we say we're not going to be dealing with you at all if you're going to fight. And they were maybe at a nuclear stage at both, nuclear powers, and I think stopping that was very important. We're trying to help out with a Biden-created monster, this whole thing that's happening with Russia and Ukraine.

It's a horrible thing and I'm not happy with President Putin at all. But this is something that would have never happened if I were president. This was a war that was never going to happen. Go ahead, Brian.

I'm stopping wars. I'm stopping wars. And I hate to see people killed. Like, as an example, in Ukraine and Russia. They're not Americans that are being killed. They're not Israeli that are being killed there. These are all Russians and all Ukrainians, but it's 5,000, maybe 7,000 last week, 7,500 last week, mostly soldiers.

But people in towns and cities that are getting hit, but mostly death is mostly soldiers. Now, so they don't come from here, but it's 7,000 last week, souls. And if I can stop that. You know, they have parents and they have sisters and brothers and getting married and who knows, they're just people, but they're souls.

And if I can stop a war, because I have an ability to do so. I'm disappointed frankly that President Putin hasn't stopped. I'm not happy about it either.

We have scheduled Iran talks and they want to talk. They took a big drubbing, I think, when we hit the three sites, really. I would say the three sites, not just the one. The one was a big one and it was deep in granite and it was obliterated. It turned out the Atomic Energy Commission said it is obliterated.

I just want to take our hats off to those incredible fliers, the people that flew that big machine. And frankly, the mechanics and everybody else. They had zero -- they flew for 37 hours with zero problem mechanically. I mean, when you think in carrying the biggest bombs ever, the biggest bombs that we've ever dropped on anybody when you think non-nuclear and we want to keep it non-nuclear, by the way.

But they did a phenomenal job. It was an amazing job and I think that was -- I was talking to Bibi about it before. That was the very beginning of the end. It ended very quickly after that. I don't want to say what it reminded me of, but if you go back a long time ago, it reminded people of a certain other event and Harry Truman's picture is now on the lobby in a nice location in the lobby where it should have been, but that stopped a lot of fighting.

And this stopped a lot of fighting. When that happened, it was a whole different ballgame.

Another what?

I hope that we're not going to have to do that. I can't imagine wanting to do that. I can't imagine them wanting to do it. They want to meet. They want to meet. They want to work something out. They're very different now than they were two weeks ago.

Well, I can tell you -- I'd rather not say, but you'll be reading about it tomorrow or seeing it tomorrow.

In which?

I don't think there is a hold up. I don't think there's a hold up. I think things are going along very well. They just left each other and it was not a pleasant period of a few days. It was a little longer than a few days, but this was not a pleasant period of time. And we were, at the end, 14 missiles were shot and every single missile was shot out of the air.

It was pretty amazing and that was sort of the end and they told us they were coming and where they were and what time they were coming. And they said, if you'd like to have a different time, we'll do that. And that's respect when they do that. I appreciated that they did that. There was no surprise. We got the soldiers out of the base in Qatar, in this case.

But they knew they were coming, 14 missiles were coming. 1:00, they said, would you like to make it later? I said, no, let them come at 1:00. And at 1:00, everybody was -- as you know, over 5,000 people left the base and we had three gunners and three assistants. And out of the 14 that were shot, all 14 were knocked down and that was the end.

That was about it. And we had a rough time but sometimes you need the rough time in order to get -- I think things are going to be really settled down a lot in the Middle East. And they respect us and they respect Israel. They respect -- a lot of things that took place. Nobody's ever seen equipment like what we sent over to knock out those sites.

But when those sites were knocked out, it essentially, that was the end.

I don't know. I'd ask Bibi that question. You have the greatest man in the world to answer that age-old question, two-state. Go ahead, give them your honest answer.

It's really a good question because if you remember when it was done, I sort of said what's the purpose of talking, it's been knocked out and knocked out completely, but they've requested a meeting and I'm going to go to a meeting. And if we can put something down on paper, that will be fine. It'll be good.

I think they've gained a lot of respect for us. I think they've gained a lot of respect for Israel also, but they would like to meet and we're going to have a meeting. Steve, when is that meeting going to be? Do you want to say it?

So we'll see what happens. I think it would be nice to memorialize it, put it down. But because of the incredible result of that attack, if you want to call it an attack, I didn't think it was necessary to have it in writing. I think we spoke -- I mean, that speaks much louder than writing, but I can also understand why they'd want it and they've been very nice.

They've been very respectful. And it began by them telling us about 14 -- they had to do -- you know what 14 represents, right? Do you know what 14 represents, right? You know that, right, the number of bombs dropped. So it was representative. We got them all. Yeah, please, behind you. Please. No, you.

I'll get him out.

He's going to be very fine and who knows -- we don't know who the mayor is going to be yet, but this is a communist. He's not a socialist, he's a communist and he said some really bad things about Jewish people. And he said some really bad things about a lot of people and I think he's going through a little bit of a honeymoon right now, but he might make it. But you know, it all comes through the White House.

He needs the money through the White House. He needs a lot. He's going to behave, he'll behave. He better behave. Otherwise he's going to have big problems. But it's a philosophy that this country is not ready for and it never will be. By the way, we have a man with us who thought this was going to be a very glamorous, easy job.

He's the Ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee, former governor, former everything. I'd say he's a former everything, and respected and loved by everybody. And he loves Israel. He loves the state of Israel and nobody loves it much more. And he's not Jewish and he loves Israel. And he wanted to be there. I said, you know, Mike, it could be dangerous.

No, no, no, well, at least I was right about that. He was in every bunker you could be in. He was running around from bunker to bunker, but he's still with us fortunately, and he's done a great job. Would you say a few words, Mike?

Thank you. Great job you're doing.

They love you over there. They respect him and they love him. You know, it's very interesting. We had the pilots here yesterday, as you know and they were incredible. And we also had the mechanics. We had a lot of people here that had to do -- I think about 170 people that had to do with that incredible journey, a journey that could have been horrible, if you remember what happened with Jimmy Carter, with the helicopters and all of the problems and ultimately, hostages.

We had the exact opposite. Everything was perfect. It worked perfectly. But I didn't realize I was saying to one, is this something that you felt strongly about? Absolutely, sir, I couldn't wait. I said, really, better you than me, but they couldn't wait. He said, sir, we've been practicing for this mission for more than 20 years.

From just after 2000, they've been thinking and practicing to go into that area. I guess, you probably know that better than anybody, Pete. They've been looking at going in, but they never had a president that would allow them to do it and perhaps right, perhaps wrong. I don't know if that's true or not, but I didn't realize they were preparing for that journey from just a little bit after 2000, the year 2000. And I was pretty amazed by that.

They knew it. They knew every inch of it and they came back and they said, we got it better than we ever did in practice, but they've been practicing for more than 20 years. Can you imagine? Yeah.

We're going to send some more weapons. We have to. They have to be able to defend themselves. They're getting hit very hard now. They're getting hit very hard. We're going to have to send more weapons. Yeah, defensive weapons primarily, but they're getting hit very, very hard. So many people are dying in that mess.

All they have to do now is talk about how good it is, the biggest tax cuts ever, no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, think of it, no tax on overtime. From a business standpoint, the jobs are coming in like we've never seen them before. As soon as that was signed, there were nine factories that announced that they were building the one-year deductibility -- you know, things that from a business standpoint you'd understand, the jobs that are being created.

And one of the things that is -- and this is also that, but it's also because of the tariffs, a tremendous success. We're taking in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs. One of the things that is so exciting is the number of companies and car companies where they're building plants. AI is the big thing.

We have over $15 trillion announced already and it's been -- I mean, really, I would say it's been during the last three months. But we're here for a short period of time and some administrations never had anywhere near that number for a whole term, probably for a whole two terms. But we're up to over $15 trillion coming into our country.

There's never been anything like it anywhere in the world. There's never been an investment like that anywhere in the world. Look, I told this story and I just told it to Bibi backstage. I was talking to him and I said, you know, the king of Saudi Arabia, smart guy, and also, we went to Qatar and we went to UAE, really three strong leaders smart guys, they all told me the same thing and then that was reiterated at NATO just recently when we got back where they agreed to spend $1 trillion a year, by the way, which is about three times what they were spending.

But they all said the same thing, we thought your country was dead. Horrible term, right? We thought the United States of America was dead and now you're presiding over the hottest country anywhere in the world. We're the hottest country in the world. I think Bibi would admit it, even hotter than Israel.

Although, Israel was pretty hot about a week ago, I can tell you, for the wrong reasons. But we are the hottest country in the world right now and it happened faster than anybody thought possible. But we have over $15 trillion and that means jobs and that means building and that means things like we've never seen before.

So all we can do is keep working hard. There will be always surprises. Some of the surprises are going to be bad surprises.

Well, I would say -- look, the best man to answer that is the prime minister, but I will tell you that in my view, I hope it's over. Yeah. I think Iran wants to meet. I think they want to make peace and I'm all for it. Now, if that's not the case, we are ready, willing and able, but I don't think we're going to have to be, but I think Bibi would answer that question very well.

At the request of a lot of countries in the surrounding area of the Middle East, including Bibi, we took the sanctions off Syria and I met the new leader. I was very impressed by him. Somebody said, well, he comes from a very tough background. I said, well, I'm not that surprised. It's a tough part of the world, but I was very impressed by him.

But we took the sanctions off because we want to give them a chance. They would never have had a chance without the sanctions. And one of the things we have with Iran is, we have -- they call biting -- they are very biting sanctions. And I would love to be able to at the right time take those sanctions off, give them a chance at rebuilding, because I'd like to see Iran build itself back up in a peaceful manner and not going around saying Death to America, death to the USA, death to Israel, as they were doing.

You know, they were the bully of the Middle East and now they're not the bully anymore, but they were saying terrible things and would like to see them -- they have such potential. You know, they have the oil power and they have great people, smart people, energetic people, amazing, and I know so many Iranians, Iranians from New York.

I have a lot of friends and they're great people. So it's a shame when you see a thing like this happen. But I think that taking the sanctions off of Syria is going to give Syria a great shot at making it.

Well, we've done a lot of them in the last, as you know -- I always say the great, Big, Beautiful Bill, I add the word great, but it was the largest bill of its kind ever passed. We were talking about it before. It was a beauty. But you know, a lot of the things that we did executive orders have been codified in the legislation that we just had passed.

And we're going to be sending it a lot more over the next period of about two months separately. But a lot of it was part of that beautiful big bill.

Oh, we've spoken to everybody. It's all done. I told you, I told you we'll make some deals, but for the most part we're going to send a letter. We're going to say, welcome to the United States, if you'd like to participate in the greatest, most successful country ever -- I mean, we're doing better than ever.

And you're going to see these numbers soon. We've never had numbers like this. We've never had investment like this. We have more than 90. We're going to have much more than 90, but most of those are going to be sent a letter. And this is exactly what I said. Now, we've made a deal with United Kingdom. We've made a deal with China.

We've made a deal -- we're close to making a deal with India. Others we met with and we don't think we're going to be able to make a deal. So we just send them a letter. If you want to play ball, this is what you have to pay. So as far as I'm concerned, we're done. We're sending out letters to various countries, telling them how much tariffs they have to pay.

Some, we'll maybe adjust a little bit depending if they have a cause. We're not going to be unfair about it. And actually, it's a small fraction compared to what we should be getting. We could be asking for much more, but for the sake of relationships that we've had with a lot of really good countries, we're doing the way I do it. But we could be getting a lot more.

We could ask for a lot more than what we're asking for.

I'm saying, here it is, congratulations. Welcome to the United States. I hope you make a lot of money and you're going to pay us money. They were ripping us. They were charging us tariffs at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We have some countries that were charging 200 percent tariffs and making it impossible to do business.

And what the tariffs are doing is they're driving people in and companies in into the United States. That's why we're building all of the -- all of the work that you see happening in this country right now. And it's at a record level, all the factories, all of the AI institutions that are being built, it's largely because -- well, I think it's because of November 5th, the good election and I think it's because of the tariffs.

Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.

I don't know, but it looks good to me.