Well, thank you very much, everybody. We have a lot of big signings, good signings, one, in particular, which we'll save for the end. And I'll ask Will to go over these individually, and we can see how we do.

Right.

OK. And they're very good. OK.

You know Doug, everybody? He was in charge of the fake impeachment hearings -- remember that -- that I won very conclusively, fake charges by the radical left Democrats. OK.

We're actually getting rid of a few programs that are just a waste, just really a waste.

And for those of you that know this, it turned out to be -- it sounds good on paper. But in practicality, it's a disaster. It means that if an American goes over to a foreign country and starts doing business over there legally, legitimately, or otherwise, it's -- it's almost a guaranteed investigation, indictment, and nobody wants to do business with the Americans because of it. Nobody wants to do business.

They say, look, we can deal with China. They can do whatever they want. We can deal with Russia, we can deal with anybody, and we have a normal life. You deal with America, the FBI gets over there. They don't investigate death and murders on the street in New York and Los Angeles. They -- they go over and investigate a business guy trying to do business.

So, it made it very, very hard from a practical standpoint to make deals. They want to deal with the Americans, but they don't want to be under investigation every time they speak to American, every time an American makes a phone call to somebody in a different country. It's a disaster for this country. And the -- I guess it was a Jimmy Carter concept.

And it sounds so good, but it's so bad. It hurts the country, and many, many deals are unable to be made because of it. Nobody wants to do business because they don't want to feel like every time they pick up a phone, they're going to jail. So, we'll sign this, and it takes courage to sign it because you only get bad publicity when you sign it. It sounds so nice.

The title is so lovely. But it's an absolutely horror show for America. So, we're signing it because that's what we have to do to make it good. OK. Thank you. It's an important one. It's going to mean a lot more business for America. OK.

No. 1 trending. Can you believe it? The paper straws was No. 1 trending for three days or something.

We're going back to plastic straws. These things don't work. I've had them many times. And on occasion, they break, they explode. If something's hot, they don't last very long, like a matter of minutes, sometimes a matter of seconds. It's a ridiculous situation. So, we're going back to plastic straws. I think it's OK. And I don't think that plastic is going to affect the shark very much as they're eating -- as they're munching their way through the ocean.

OK.

Good. It's my honor to do it. I've watched him. He was set up by a lot of bad people, some of the same people that I had to deal with. He wasn't quite as successful, but he had somebody that saw what was going on. I didn't know him other than I believe he was on "The Apprentice" for a little while. He was a -- just a very nice person.

He had a fantastic wife. She fought like hell to get him out. He was given a sentence of like 18 years. And that was a -- sort of a terrible injustice. They just were after him. They go after a lot of people. These are bad people, the other side. So, I think he's a -- just a very fine person. And this shouldn't have happened, and it shouldn't have happened to him, and let him have a normal life and let him go out and do what he has to do. So, I'm signing this.

This is a full pardon, Rod Blagojevich.

No, but I would. I mean, he's now cleaner than anybody in this room. He got a pardon. He's cleaner than anybody in the room. OK.

OK. Do you understand what that means? Now, it's a big deal. It's a big deal. This is the beginning of making America rich again. Mr. Secretary, do you have anything to say? Just, as you know, Howard is secretary of commerce, doing a fantastic job. And what do you have to say about it?

Right.

So, let me just make a statement, and essentially, we're -- this is another way of saying we're doing a 25 percent tariff on steel and aluminum. So, the failed American trade policies have led our once-incredible United States steel and aluminum industries -- once incredible, it's once incredible. They're not now, but they're -- they're not bad.

I saved them because of my first term, totally saved them. If I didn't do what I did -- I put massive tariffs, not the highest level, but pretty -- pretty massive tariffs. We got -- we took in a lot of money, and we took in a lot of jobs. But we were being pummeled by both friend and foe alike. Our nation requires steel and aluminum to be made in America, not in foreign lands.

We need to create in order to protect our country's future resurgence of US manufacturing and production, the likes of which has not been seen for many decades. It's time for our great industries to come back to America. I want them back to America. This is the first of many. And you know what I mean by that.

We're going to be doing others on other subjects, topics. Protecting our steel and aluminum industries is a must. And today, I'm simplifying our tariffs on steel and aluminum so that everyone can understand exactly what it means. It's 25 percent without exceptions or exemptions, and that's all countries, no matter where it comes from, all countries.

If made in the United States, however, United States of America, there is no tariff, zero. So, if it's made in the United States, there is no tariff. All you have to do is make it in the United States. We don't need it from another country. As an example, Canada, if we make it in the United States, we don't need it to be made in Canada.

We'll have the jobs. That's why Canada should be our 51st state. We'll bring back industries and we'll bring back our jobs and we'll make America industry great again. So, essentially, we're putting on a 25 percent tariff without exception on all aluminum and all steel. And it's going to mean a lot of businesses are going to be opening in the United States.

Now, we're going to be meeting over the next four-week period, maybe on a weekly basis, and maybe we'll do a couple of them at different times and maybe together. But we'll be talking about other subjects like cars. We'll be talking about drugs and pharmaceuticals. We'll be discussing chips. And we're going to be doing some other things in addition to that, all of which will bring in a lot of jobs into our country.

Cars is going to be a very big one and a very important one. And America is going to be stronger than it ever was before. OK? So, are you finished with everything, I think.

OK. Let's go.

Mostly, the last part is the most important, right, would you say?

So, basically, this is aluminum, the same thing, no exceptions, no nothing, and it's going to bring our aluminum business back and may go higher. I mean, frankly, it may go higher. And we're going to also be talking about -- we're going to be talking about things over the next three weeks that I think will be amazing for our country, amazing for our jobs, and will bring us to a new level of prosperity.

And I think, frankly, our allies and our enemies all over the world expected this. They really expected it for years. They really expected it sometime during the Biden administration, but they didn't do anything. As you know, I put -- I put tariffs on China. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars with those tariffs.

And Biden wasn't able to get them out. He tried to, but it was too much money, he couldn't do it. And we're going to be doing a very concise and, you know, a very, very -- it's going to be good. And I don't think -- if done properly, and we're going to try and do that. We don't want it to hurt other countries.

But they've been taking advantage of us for years and years and years. And they've charged us tariffs. Most of them have charged us -- almost every one, I would say, almost without exception --

They've charged us and we haven't charged them. And it's time to be reciprocal. It's a very, very -- you'll be hearing that word a lot, reciprocal. If they charge us, we charge them. If they're at 25, we're at 25. If they're at 10, we're at 10. And if they're much higher than 25, that's where we are, too.

So, that's having to do with everything. That's not just steel and aluminum, but we'll be discussing that over the next couple of weeks. But we will be looking at chips, and we will be looking at cars, and we're going to be looking at pharmaceuticals. And there will be a couple of other things also in addition.

That they do support this move?

I love the steelmakers. That's good. First --

Cause they want to save their businesses. U.S. Steel will now be a very valuable company. Anybody that makes steel is going to be great. Anybody that works in big steel is going to be very happy.

Oh, I don't think you're going to -- no, you're going to ultimately have a price reduction because they're going to make their steel here. There's not going to be any tariff. These foreign companies will move to the United States, will make their steel and aluminum in the United States.

Ultimately, it will be cheaper. But we'll also have jobs, many, many more jobs.

Well, we're looking at numbers, and we'll be coming up with a number. But we have -- we make some of the finest cars in the world and some companies prohibit us from selling those cars in their countries. But they sell us cars, they send cars to us, and we don't do that. We charge nothing or 2.5 percent, and they'll be charging 100 percent.

They'll be charging much more than that if you look at some of them. So, I think those days are over. But we'll be announcing on other things such as cars. We've got some other things we'll be doing. But the biggest thing is reciprocal. We want tariffs to be fair. If they charge -- if they charge us, we charge them.

We'll be doing reciprocal over the next I would say two days, don't you think, two days? Yeah, maybe.

I just spoke to him, a very fine man, and he has a surplus. I mean, we have a surplus with Australia, one of the few. And the reason is they buy a lot of airplanes. They are rather far away and they need lots of airplanes. And we actually have a surplus. It's one of the only countries which we do, and I told him that that's something that we will give great consideration to.

Well, we have a huge deficit with the UK, big difference.

We have a deficit -- with a little deficit with Argentina. We -- almost with every country, but Australia, because of the airplanes, they buy a lot of airplanes, there's a little bit of a surplus.

Well, the farmers are going to be helped greatly.

Yeah. The farmers are going to be helped greatly because they're not going to be dumping everything into our country. This will be a great bill for farmers. And in terms of retaliation, if they retaliate, it's -- as I said, it's reciprocal. So, if they raise it a little bit, then we raise it automatically.

So, I don't think it helps for them to retaliate. But also, remember this, they can't really retaliate because we're the piggy bank. We're the piggy bank. But if we don't do this, we won't be the piggy bank for long. We won't be much of a country.

I think it's terrible. Look, I looked at the hostages that came in, and they were emaciated. It looked like something out of the 1930s. It's an absolute disgrace. And I think they saw the way the world viewed it, and they're looking for a reason not to send more because they're all -- you take a look at that.

It looks like it was -- it looked like it was a concentration camp, which is essentially it was. It looks like they came out of the Holocaust, and what a sad thing. One of them was a young man, a good-looking guy, a little bit -- a little bit heavier than perhaps he could have been. And now, he looks like he's not even recognizable, not even recognizable.

Look, I can tell you that those people have been badly hurt, both mentally and physically. I'm talking about the young women that came out also previously. And I think one of the reasons they're doing this is because they're probably sending the best. What you see is probably the best because they want to send people that look at least healthy, and that's not healthy.

These people have been badly hurt. They've been interviewed by our representatives. They've been interviewed by Israeli representatives. And they're really hurting. They are really hurting mentally and physically. And I think Hamas is looking at that and saying, well, it's not going to get much better than that because they probably send out their best as a representative, and they've got more to send out and they probably feel that they can't do that because it's not going to make them look very good.

Well, I would say this, and I'm going to let that be because that's Israel's decision, but as far as I'm concerned, if all of the hostages aren't returned by Saturday at 12 o'clock, I think it's an appropriate time, I would say cancel it and all bets are off and let hell break out. I'd say they ought to be returned by 12 o'clock on Saturday.

And if they're not returned -- all of them, not in dribs and drabs, not two and one and three and four and two, Saturday at 12 o'clock. And after that, I would say all hell is going to break out. And I don't think they're going to do it. I think a lot of them are dead. I think a lot of the hostages are dead.

I think it's a great -- it's a great human tragedy what's -- what's happened. How people can be that mean to do? I mean, the one guy was laughing when -- when a hostage is -- he thought his -- his family was alive. He found out the family was dead, and the -- his captor, so to speak, his captor started laughing because he thought it was so funny.

You know, this is -- this is a different group of people. No, I would say Saturday at 12, and we want them all back. I'm speaking for myself. Israel can override it, but from myself, Saturday at 12 o'clock. And if they're not -- if they're not here, all hell is going to break out.

We've spoken to a lot of Palestinians. They would love to leave Gaza if they could find a place to be. And I've spoken to various leaders of various countries in the not so, you know, distant area from where we're talking about, the Gaza Strip, and I think they were very positive about providing land.

We needed land. And if we could build a nice place for people to live safely, everybody in Gaza would do it. They've been persecuted. They've been -- they've been spit on, they've been treated like trash, and they would love to get out of Gaza. But until now, they never had an alternative. Now, they have an alternative.

And as far as Hamas is concerned, you're seeing the real Hamas now with the hostages.

Who are you and from what?

Yeah.

I think he'll take. I mean, I do think he'll take. And I think other countries will take also. They have good hearts. I think they'll take.

They're all going to leave when they have a place that's a better alternative. When they have a nice place that's safe, they're all going to leave. It's a hellhole right now.

You're going to see that they're all going to want to leave.

You know, who knows, are they alive, are they not alive? But I saw the condition -- when I saw the condition of the last ones that came out and the women, too, everybody -- the one woman had her hand blown off because she was trying to stop a bullet being fired at her, OK? What kind of a situation is that?

You saw her. I just think it's time to either you release everybody -- they're not going to be alive right now. Based on what I saw over the last two days, they're not going to be alive for long. Saturday at 12 o'clock. And after that, it's going to be a different ballgame.

You'll find out, and they'll find out, too. Hamas will find out what I mean.

They're going to find out what I mean. These are sick people, and they will find out what I mean, Saturday at 12 o'clock.

Right now, they're there, and I assume they want to remain there. It's different. They're there. It's never been like what we're talking about with the Gaza Strip.

No, no. I have no plans.

Yeah, Pocahontas. Pocahontas, the fake -- the faker. You know, that was set up to destroy people. She used that as her little personal agency to go around and destroy people. And she's a fake, just like she said she was an Indian, and she wasn't an Indian. You have more Indian blood in you than she has. She went to college based on the fact that she was an Indian.

She got jobs based on the fact that she was an Indian. She's a fake. That was -- that was set up to destroy some very good people, and -- and it worked. I mean, it worked, a lot of -- a lot of great people. I'll tell you, before I ever heard the term, people would come up to me in the Midwest and areas, they'd say, "Sir, I'm being destroyed by them." They -- they use that to destroy people.

She's a nasty woman. She's a really nasty woman despite her phony beer commercial. Now, we did the right thing. That was very important thing to get rid of.

And it was also a waste. I mean, number one, it was a bad group of people running it, but it was also a waste. If you looked at when she really ran it, wow, that was a vicious group of people. They really destroyed a lot of people.

I would say yeah because we're trying to get rid of waste, fraud, and abuse.

And -- and then I hear that somebody made like $38 million or something running a little agency. What was her name? What was her name and what did she do? And what was -- what was that all about, all the money that she made? Does anybody know? OK.

Yeah, Brian, go ahead.

Yeah, I have high approval ratings because I'm -- you know, I'm using common sense, whether it's getting men out of women's sports. I mean, have you seen what goes on with the boxers and with the weightlifters and with the swimmers and everything? It's so ridiculous. And I think it's a 90 percent issue. And, you know, the amazing thing, the Democrats are still fighting for it. It's crazy.

It's crazy. I think we should go to Congress also, have that cemented in, you know, make it indelible. But we -- you know, it's -- to me, it's all common sense. Who wants an open border where -- where prisons are dumped into our country, where prisoners are let into our country, many of whom are murderers?

Many of whom murdered far more than one person, and they're now roaming our country. Who wants that? I mean, it's -- it's terrible. Steve, I'd like you to say a couple of words about it.

Yeah. Before I discuss that, I just want to add to what Steve said, and we want people to come into our country, but we want them to come in legally. They have to go through a process. And we have to know that they haven't killed nine people or they haven't killed, like in one case, five -- five people, and they're out on the loose, and we're all looking for that particular individual.

This was all led in by Biden and the group of stupid people, bad people and stupid people. Some are bad, some are stupid, some are both. But I'll tell you what, what they've done to this country -- but we're cleaning it up. And hard to believe I can say it, it will be better than ever before, but we have a lot of bad people we have to get out.

We're searching out for a lot of them. I think Tom Homan and Kristi are doing an unbelievable job, Kristi Noem. They are doing an unbelievable job. They're taking out massive numbers of people. And you notice, every country is accepting those people back. Remember, everyone said, "Oh, they'll never accept them." They're all taking them back.

They have to. They're all taking them back. Every single country has taken them back. I don't know if they want them or not. I don't imagine they do. But they're taking them back. OK.

Yeah, maybe. Sure. Why not? You mean if they don't agree?

If they don't agree, I would -- I would conceivably withhold aid, yeah.

Sure. I mean, it's just my deadline, but they may change it, but I think it's -- I've seen too many people come out. They look like Holocaust victims from -- from many years ago. I've never seen anything like it. I didn't think this could happen in this world today. You know, we think we have a civilized world, it's not civil.

These are -- these are bad people we're dealing with. So, I would -- that would be my suggestion.

And he can open it up and not open it up, but that would be my -- do you have anything to say about that? You're commerce but you have a lot to say from the standpoint of your faith and your religion? Go ahead.

But I think it's time to come up with a date. It's --

What are we going to do? Keep every -- every week two people, three people. No, I don't think you can do that anymore.

These are very seriously endangered people. These are endangered people. I don't -- I don't think they're going to last very long.

The people that came out yesterday, they -- they wouldn't last very long.

We'll see what happens. We'll just see what happens.

Yeah, probably.

Who wants to make a deal? Let's see -- let's see if Putin is. We're dealing with them. And I think they both want to make a deal, but we'll have to see. It's got to be done.

Would have never happened if I were president. This would never have happened. Millions of people are dead.

We'll talk about that later.

Well, I don't know how you can lose a case like that. We're talking about people. You know, everybody, I got elected on making government better, more efficient, and smaller, and that's what we're doing. And I think it was a very generous buyout, actually. Also, if people don't show up to work, we have a right to fire them.

And they have an option, they can show up to work or not. If they don't want to show up to work, they let them work -- because then the next step is have you worked before, have you worked during this time that you're supposed to be working? You'll find many of those people, in my opinion, have had other jobs, even though they're collecting money from the federal government.

Many have had, in my opinion, other jobs.

If they did -- if they did, that's a big problem.

Well, I don't know how they can do this. This is free will. This is a buyout where people, you know, they -- they were offered a good deal. Many people have taken that, as you know. But, you know, many of those people -- and we talk about reporting to work, right? I happen to be a believer that you have to go to work.

I don't think you can work from a home. I don't -- I don't know. It's like there's a whole big, "Oh, you can work from home." Nobody's going to work from home. They're going to be going out. They're going to play tennis. They're going to play golf. They're going to do a lot of things. They're not working.

It's a rare person that's going to work. You might work 10 percent of the time, maybe 20 percent. I don't think you're going to work a lot more than that. And I think we -- they have an obligation to work. And they have an obligation not to have a second job when they're supposed to be working for the federal government.

You're going to find that a lot of these people have second jobs. Instead of working for -- they'll be collecting a federal government check and they'll be working two jobs, and that's -- that's big trouble for them.

Yeah.

Well, we'll see what happens, but the South African situation is very, very dangerous and very bad for a lot of people. There's tremendously bad things going on, including the confiscation of property and worse, much worse than that. You know what I'm talking about. And we're not making any payment until we find out what's going on in South Africa.

Yes, please.

Yeah, he is. Keith Kellogg -- General Kellogg is an excellent guy, and he's spending time doing various things. We have numerous people working on numerous different problems. You know, when I left office wasn't long ago, a little more than four years ago, we had no wars, we had no -- we didn't have problems.

Now, we got the whole world is blowing up. But we'll put out the fires.

Well, I can't tell you what I'm talking about, but we are talking as a group also. I think he'd like to make a deal, but it takes two to tango.

I don't want to talk about it. No, I don't want to talk about it. It's not going to help you to know. But we would like to get a deal done, if possible, only because, in my case, save lives. You know, we're much further away. Remember, we have an ocean separating. They don't. Europe should be paying what we're paying.

And Europe has done it more in the form of a loan than with us, we just give it. You know, Biden gives it because he's not a smart individual -- not a very smart individual. We have people over there today who are making a deal that as we give money, we get minerals and we get oil and we get all sorts of things because why are we doing this?

And all this money, we're in for maybe 350 billion and Europe is in for 100 billion, and Europe is in really as a form of a loan. In theory, they get that money back. In theory, they get interest on their money. It's a whole different ballgame. And Biden is the one that started doing this. Every time Zelenskyy came here, he walked away with $60 billion to $100 billion.

I think he's one of the greatest salesmen who have ever -- who have ever lived, by the way.

Yeah. So, we took over the Kennedy Center. We didn't like what they were showing and various other things. And -- and I had a lot of the board members already, as you know, and we have some that will be replaced. But we have, I guess, a whole new group of people going in. I have Ric Grenell, who's got some experience in that world.

He's going to be -- he's very good. It's going to be handling it on a temporary basis. I think he'll do a great job. But we're going to get some great professionals. I'm going to be chairman of it, and we're going to make sure that it's good and it's not going to be woke. There's no more woke in this country.

This woke has cost us a fortune and cost us our reputation. But the reputation is coming back very, very rapidly. Thank you very much, everybody.

The penny is gone.

Huh.

What about -- what about anything? Good luck. Your penny -- the penny is gone.

The penny --

The penny cost this government

Thank you very much.

Thank you.