Hello. Well, thank you very much. We've had some very, really good talks today on Gaza with both the Middle East representatives and kings and all of the top leaders in the Middle East. And we had also a very good conversation with Bibi, Netanyahu trying to get the hostages back and we're trying to get the end of the Gaza situation.

It's really, really bad, very bad. And we think it could happen, maybe it could happen pretty soon. We want the hostages back. We want the bodies back and we want to have peace in that region. So we had some very good talks. As you know, I had President Erdogan here, Turkey, and we had a great meeting today.

I think we had a meeting that was very conclusive in so many different things, things that we wanted, things that he wanted and that was good. We'll be announcing that sometime later, and he'll be making an announcement too. But we had a great meeting with Turkey and the very respected president and spent time.

We had lunch and we had a lot of good discussions on those two things. And we have some executive orders today to sign that are very important for the country. And we'll start off with one that's a proclamation. And --

-- want to do that, Will?

Yeah, and they're great people, incredible people, what they have -- what they've had to go through. Very few people could have gone through this kind of thing. Gold star. OK. Thank you very much. I'll put it over here, Steve.

So this is interesting because I had a very good talk with President Xi. I have a lot of respect for him. Hopefully, he has a lot of respect for me too. And we talked about TikTok and other things, but we talked about TikTok and he gave us the go ahead. You know, it's run by American investors and American companies, great ones, great investors, the biggest.

You don't get bigger, I don't imagine. And maybe I'll have JD -- JD was very much involved in charge of it and maybe I'll have you say a few words about the deal. He would report back and the points of the deal, I think, are great for our country. So JD, do you want to give it a little talk, please?

And I think I can say that especially the young people, they really wanted this to happen. They did not want to have TikTok closed. And I got, you know, a little used to TikTok. I used it myself during the campaign and it was very successful, because you know how I did with the young voter. And Charlie helped me a lot too.

And he said to me, you should go on TikTok, and it actually had -- because we -- we got record votes with the young voters, you know, for the election. So I was a little bit prejudiced in that way toward TikTok. It was very good and very meaningful. But we have American investors taking it over, running it, highly sophisticated, including Larry Ellison.

And Oracle, I guess, is going to be a very -- play a very big role in terms of security, safety and everything else. So we have very good controls. And literally, I would get a call from friends of mine who are fathers of young people, saying, could you do me a favor? Could you get it approved, please? My son is driving me crazy.

So we're getting it done and they have a big audience and we have great American investors. And here's your final copy. TikTok. You know, maybe if you want, we could take a couple of questions on TikTok and then we're going to get on to something completely different. OK. Yeah, Jeff.

They're on board. I spoke with President Xi. We had a good talk. I told him what we were doing and he said, go ahead with it.

Yeah, I am. I really am.

The biggest reason is that it's owned by Americans. It's -- and -- and very sophisticated Americans and people that love the country and very smart Americans too. So they don't want anything like that to happen. Yes, please.

With who?

I don't think so, not that I know of. We're going to be -- this is going to be American operated all the way and great respect for President Xi. And I very much appreciate that he approved the deal because to get it done properly, we really needed the support of China and the approval of China. Yes, ma'am.

I always like MAGA related. If I could, I'd make it 100 percent MAGA related. It's actually a good question. But I would -- yeah, if I could make it 100 percent MAGA, I would, but it's not going to work out that way, unfortunately. No, everyone's going to be treated fairly, every group, every -- every philosophy, every policy will be treated very fairly.

Thank you.

Well, they valued it very highly. They're paying -- they're paying a big number. Do you want to talk, Scott? Do you want to say something about value?

OK. JD? Then you'll say something?

Taxes. Going to make money and we're going to get a lot of money in taxes. And you know, China wanted to see this go. This is a great legacy for China too. And I thought President Xi was great in terms of his approval. We probably could have done it a different way, but it wouldn't have been the same. It wouldn't have been the same security at all, but I appreciated that he approved it. It was --

Well, we're going to be announcing different things, but the US comes out great. And I think China comes out great because they're going to have a very important legacy. And they have many other deals. You know, they have deals with us and they have deals in here, in this country and, you know, they want to be treated fairly also.

And they're paying a lot of money. And I think, hopefully, it's going to be a great deal. They're very sophisticated people. You'll see a list. Have you seen a list yet of the people? Well, you've been reading about it. Yeah. Yeah, it's -- it's -- I know Michael Dell is involved and Rupert Murdoch's involved and a lot of -- and let's see.

We have probably four or five absolutely world-class investors that love the country. And they made a lot of money with the country. And many of them are in a somewhat related business, so it works out pretty well. And they're going to be very careful about all of these questions that you've been asking.

A very big part.

And Oracle really understands this. And I think they're actually -- and they've been involved for quite a while, running it for the people, the previous people. And uh. So it's really -- I think it's going to be very well protected. A very, very prestigious deal, actually.

From my standpoint, no, because the people that own it are, you know, they're not China centric. They're USA centric, and they're very smart people. I guess you could say it about everything, everything is -- what's -- what's secure nowadays. Think of it. Things are things that you think are totally secure turn out to not to be. But I think in this case, it's going to be as secure as you can be because of the ownership and the people.

And they have a big investment. You know, it's to their advantage to make sure it's good and safe. Yeah. Uh, anybody else? Do you have a question? Oh, behind you.

Well, I think it's a good thing. It's a good sign. We're doing very well. As you know, with uh, the trade deals. We're doing very well with China. And a lot of them, uh, we were never treated properly. We were for four years, actually. But we were never treated uh very properly by other countries. And we're doing well.

We've never done this well. We have, uh, because of the tariffs that are coming and the deals that are being made, $950 billion in one case, $950 billion where previously they paid nothing. We have, as you know, in Japan, it's $550 billion. South Korea is $350 billion. Now that's upfront. And one of the things I can say, I announced it lightly before, but uh, we're taking in tremendous amounts of money with tariffs.

We've never seen anything like it. Nobody's -- no country has ever seen anything like it. I'm -- I'm going to devote a little bit of that money, a little bit of the tariff money to our farmers. Our farmers have been incredible. Uh, they're the ones that let us survive and eat and enjoy our lives, right?  Eat too much, maybe in some cases like mine.

But I will tell you, uh, we're going to take some of the tariff money, a relatively small amount, but a lot for the farmers, and we're going to help the farmers out a little bit. Because during this transition period, a period where we're taking in incredible amounts of money, we'll have a little bit of a shortfall with the farmers until the tariffs kick in because they haven't kicked in for the farmers yet.

And I decided before I spoke to all of the people here that I want to make a contribution out of the tariff money, a small percentage of it, but it's a lot for the farmers. It will make the farmers feel very good, just to help them through the transition. And ultimately, they're going to be making a fortune.

They maybe will be one of the top uh, one of the top in the whole world in terms of percentage gotten from the tariffs we're taking in. But we have so much coming in. It's a very small thing. But I want to, in fact, just get the word out to the farmer. Because they'll be struggling until the transition is complete.

Then after that, they're going to do I think better than they've ever done before. Last time, I told -- I said get yourself a larger tractor. And more land and that was when they were doing very poorly. And they ended up doing that. And they did very well. That was with the deal we made with China. Unfortunately, Biden forgot about the deal that he never enforced.

I enforced it till the end. And China was very honorable. But when Biden came in, he didn't enforce it, so. When you don't enforce a deal, they don't do it. So it's terrible., What -- Biden was very bad to the farmers of our country. So we're going to be doing that. It's an honor to do it too. Brian, did you have a question?

Well, thank you for that question. Because honestly, we were getting hit up. They use it for virtual advertising.. And they pay very little for it and nothing for it. And small businesses have become very successful because of TikTok and we didn't think of that. You know, when everyone's saying, oh, TikTok and this and that, they -- But over the last six months, I was called by so many people saying they're going to go out of business if they can't. Because they use it virtually as an advertising tool.

And without it, they wouldn't have anything. They wouldn't be able to get the word out About their good product or whatever it is they're selling. So it's a very important thing for small business. It's another reason I wanted to do the deal so badly. So let's go to another subject now if we might. OK? And Will please --

Yes, go ahead please.

Well, we haven't decided that.. We'll be dealing with Brook later and the secretary of Agriculture. These -- And we'll figure out how to get money to the farmers. And again, this comes out of the large amount, hundreds of billions of dollars of tariff money that's pouring into the country. The tariffs, remember when I said a long time ago, I said the greatest word.

It's my favorite word in the world. That I had to say I was forced to say other things and of course rightfully so, love, family, religion.  So I think I put tariff number five. I was forced because the fake news did a big number on me. It's one of those little things. But uh, let's say it's my fifth favorite word, the word tariff.

But it's making our country very rich and when our country is rich, I'm able to help the farmers and I'm able to help even other countries that are in trouble, you know? But we're able to help people that are in trouble. Uh Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security., Uh, it's all a benefit of this uh, tremendous amount.

And I hear numbers coming in today, Scott, where the numbers were very high, right? The --

Unfortunately, right? What is the only country in the world where you announce great numbers in the Stock Market goes down. Because when you announce great numbers, they immediately want to take that success away by raising the interest rates.  Why can't they -- you announce great numbers and let them lower the interest rates so you can make numbers?

This is the only country in the world they announce -- we just -- I don't know if you heard, could you just tell him what the number was and how --?

But isn't it crazy? So I saw the market was down a little bit today. I mean, in all fairness, I don't feel guilty because we've set every record you can imagine.  But it was down. And I say, oh, the numbers must be good. Meaning the growth numbers are phenomenal. And again, this is during but a little bit of pre the heavy, you know, the really success and the money pouring into our country which -- through the tariffs.

And I just say why can't we have great numbers and lower the interest rates, so we have even greater numbers? So people were saying, oh, the numbers are so good, they're going to have to raise interest rates. That doesn't have to happen. And there's no inflation. We have really -- I mean the only thing we have is great success.

We're having unbelievable success. So the numbers are much higher than anticipated except for by me and Scott and some of the other people.  And they'll get a lot higher than that, too.

But I don't want to -- every time we have good numbers, say, let's take all the juice out by raising interest rates.  It's so backwards. It's so backwards.

And low -- we want low interest rates. There's no reason that every time we announce these record numbers, these numbers are way above projections by you know, all the great geniuses out there. Um, and I knew this was going to happen. So they had 71 different people and only two got it right, me and another gentleman from I think my wonderful Wharton School of Finance actually.

So anyway. But uh, I really want you to look at that every time we have good numbers. They say this is a good time because they're guarding against inflation that may happen in two years from now. We have to change -- we have to change our thinking. We should be rewarded for good numbers, not penalized.

Well, you know. You know, the number was projected at two.

Because we're in a little bit of a transition period, but that transition period is ending faster than we thought on tariffs. Uh, the money coming in is much greater than people thought and there's no inflation, essentially. There's no inflation. We just went through the worst inflation in the history of our country under Sleepy Joe Biden.

He was sleeping and the inflation was really bad, worst ever. They say 48 years. I'll take that too, but I think it was probably the worst inflation we ever had, because of spending and energy going through the roof and everything else.

By the way, energy is way down and you're going to really be impressed when you hear what happened today with President Erdogan of Turkey. I think it's great for both countries. I think it's great. We have great relationships with a lot of countries. And you may be even more happy when you find out, because we spoke with Bibi Netanyahu today and we spoke to all the leaders in the Middle East, who are great people, and we're getting pretty close to having a deal on Gaza and maybe even peace, which would be the first time in about what, 2,000 years, I think.

In the region, I'd say the first -- Steve, what would you say, first in 2,000 years or maybe 1,000? Huh?

It's a long time. Yeah, go ahead.

I don't want to say that, but if I want him to, he will. Yeah.

Well, I didn't say, OK, stop, but yeah, I believe -- yeah, I believe he will stop it. Yeah. You know why, because he can buy it from a lot of other people. He can buy it from a lot of other people. You know who really can't, is Hungry. Hungry, has got -- you know, they're landlocked and they don't have a nice ocean where ships can sail in from all over the world.

You know, they have one pipeline coming, because I spoke with -- he's a great guy, he's a great friend of mine, but you know, that's a harder one for them. And Slovakia too, they're sort of married to one pipeline. So I just -- I just don't want to have people go blaming them when, you know, we spoke to them at length today and it seems -- it seems like they -- you know, for them it's a little -- But that's not -- yeah, Turkey has a lot of options.

He's a great president, a very smart man, and he's going to take -- he's going to -- he's going to do what's right. But we had a very good conversation having to do with the purchase of military equipment, etc. Any other questions?

I will be able to easily, if I want. So we may -- we may do that. Yeah.

Well, it depends. He's going to do something for us. Yeah, please.

By the way, here we go with this guy. Go ahead. Let's go -- let's hear the question.

Right.

Could be, yeah, because the Democrats are crazed. They don't know what they're doing. They want to have the border opened up so that criminals can pour in. You know, we're doing unbelievable -- borders closed and people are coming into our country legally. They want to have -- they continue to want to have men in women sports.

They continue on and have transgender for everyone. They want to raise everybody's taxes at a number that's not sustainable. It's the only time in the world I've ever seen a party that wants to raise taxes. You know, I grew up in a family where I'd watch politics and I always liked it from the time I was very young.

But I'd always see politicians saying, we will lower your taxes. These guys, they campaign on raising your taxes, but they want to raise taxes very substantially.

Well, when you say control, so we need 60 votes for this and we have 53 Republicans. So we need seven Democrats.

Well, what they're really asking for is they want to pay for illegal aliens that have come into our country by the millions and get onto the rolls and they want to pay. And our people don't want to do that. Our people are taxed enough. You know, we just approved the largest tax decrease ever in the history of our country, including the extension of the previous Trump -- you know, Trump tax cuts -- the tax cuts that we just approved, they want to use those tax cuts to give the money to illegal aliens, people that came into our country illegally and that are leaving the country.

You know, there's been a self-deportation because of what we've been doing, that's been incredible. OK. Yeah, please.

From all around the country to what?

Well, I know. I love it, I mean I think it's great. Let him b friendly -- let him be friendly with the generals and admirals from all over the world. Why is there -- no, but is there something wrong with --

Well, I'll be there if they want me, but why is that such a big deal? I mean, he's -- the fact that we're getting along with the generals and admirals from all -- I'm -- remember, I'm the president of peace. It's good -- it's good to get along. It's good. You act like this is a bad thing. Isn't it nice that people are coming from all over the world to be with us?

Is it a big story? I mean, is it --

I would think it's -- no, but -- but isn't it a good story? I mean, you know, we're respected from all over the world as a military force. You know, I rebuilt the military during my first term, even though we gave a chunk of it away to Afghanistan, but we're talking to Afghanistan too, by the way, about Bagram and about that.

But -- but that's a very small amount compared to what we rebuilt it by. But I rebuilt the military and we're very respected. We have the strongest military anywhere in the world, without question. We have the greatest equipment in the world. We're selling the equipment to others -- other countries and a lot of generals want to be here and they want to look at -- they're also going to be touring equipment sites.

They're going to be talking about the newest weapons, etc., etc. But I think it's great when generals and top people want to come to the United States to be with our now called Secretary of War. Does everybody like the name? I do. Yeah, please.

Yeah, they have a shot at it because Russia --

Well, because I've been watching the way Russia's -- and what Russia's been doing. I'm very dissatisfied with what Russia is doing and what President Putin is doing. I haven't liked it at all. He's killing people for no reason whatsoever. And they are doing -- they are doing very poorly considering they -- they have put it all out on the line.

They are -- their economy is going to hell. They're bombing the hell out of everything, and they're picking up very little territory, if any. In fact, they're losing some territory. So uh, I think it's been very bad for the reputation of Russia. This war should have been over -- if this were our war, we would have had it over in one week.

And they're -- they're getting into fourth year, Jeff. They're getting into the fourth year now. Fourth year of fighting and you see what they've taken. In the last month, they've taken very little and you've been reporting on all the bombing, all the drones all over the place, 900 drones coming into certain areas like Kyiv in one night.

And with all of that work, they've taken over very little. So I'm very disappointed in President Putin. I thought -- I solved seven wars. In fact, we have a great leader coming. We have the prime minister of Pakistan coming and the field marshal. Pakistan field marshal is a very great guy and so is the prime minister both.

And they're coming and they may be in this room right now. I don't know because we're late and I said, maybe they'd like to join the -- they actually may be somewhere in the -- in the beautiful -- in the beautiful Oval Office. Yeah, please, behind you.

I will not allow Israel to annex the West Bank. No, I will not allow it. It's not going to happen.

Yeah, but I'm not going to allow it, whether I spoke to him or not. I did, but I'm not allowing Israel to annex the West Bank. There's been enough. It's time to stop now. OK? Yes, please.

Jasmine Crockett -- Jasmine -- remember what I said, is she a relation to the late, great Davy Crockett? I don't think so. Jasmine Crockett -- let me tell you before you even ask. She's a very low IQ person. I mean, if we ever had to pass an aptitude test, that's the one should take one because she shouldn't even be in there.

So I have no idea what you're going to -- but I don't think we should waste our time. This is a low IQ person who I can't even believe is a Congressperson between her and Ilhan Omar and the group. You know, I met the head of Somalia. Did you know that? And I suggested that maybe he'd like to take her back.

And he -- he said, I don't want her. OK. What else? Go ahead. Do you want to -- let's hear what -- let's hear what Crockett said. Go ahead.

To slaves?

Yeah. Well, I think she's gone over the line and I think a lot of the people. Look, the Democrats have become radical left lunatics. They have policies that nobody's going to buy. And you know, I see what's going on in New York. We're going to have a, perhaps, a communist mayor because it's split up. You know, the people would get together and have one candidate they'd have I think a pretty good chance.

But it looks like maybe they're not going to do that. But we're going to end up with a communist mayor. It's not even believable. My beautiful New York. When I left New York to become president, it was a great place.

But it was the beginning of bad things because we had De Blasio had just started as mayor. And I said this guy's a bad -- this guy's a real nut job. He went to Harvard to teach management. Can you believe it?  He went to Harvard to teach city management along with the mayor of Chicago who went to Harvard to teach management.

The two of them are teaching how to manage a city into -- manage it into hell is what they do.  But that was the beginning. And now we're going to go a step further. Now we're going with the communists. Can I be honest? I think it's the greatest thing to ever happen to the Republican Party. I really do. I think if a communist takes over New York City, I think that's -- that's a gift to the Republican Party.

It's sad for New York, but it's a gift. And New York will recover because you know sometimes you need a shock like that to straighten you out.

But it's -- politically it's probably a very good thing.

That's a lot questions of -- that's a lot of number.

I don't think they're very much pushing those, no.

Yeah.

That's right. They're going to be very -- they're going to be very secure.

Well, that's an interesting question. I guess, but we're going to make sure they're safe. Uh, they're run by radical left lunatics and that don't know what they're doing. Look at Washington DC. I just got numbers. There's like no crime in Washington DC. You, Jeff, will not be mugged walking down the street.

You can walk down the street with your family. You can walk down your street with your wife, your daughter, your son, and you're not going to be -- we took out 1700 career criminals that we're not allowing back. And we have this city in great shape. You know, there was a time when every single -- not long ago when every single week you'd have at least one murder.

And look what's happening with Washington. It's safe. I went to dinner in Washington just to prove a point. I gave a press conference in the middle of a street. I wouldn't say Secret Service was thrilled, but I did it.  And here I am. Look, uh, Washington DC is such a great example of what can be done.

We did it in 12 days. And we made it very safer in 12 days. And now it's much safer than that. One other thing. I drove around Washington over the weekend. And I said look at the difference. The grass looked great, everything looked great. You know, we had a lot of our National Guard, and we didn't ask them to do it. They did it themselves.

They're proud. They're great. And they were picking up paper. They were cleaning. The place looked really beautiful. So we have a great Washington DC. We, as you probably know, we're going into Memphis and we're going into some other cities. And very soon we're going to go into Chicago. It will be safe for the World Cup.

If it -- if it -- if I think it isn't safe, we'll move it into a different city, absolutely.

We'll take the World Cup --

If I think it's not, it's actually a very fair question. If I think it's not safe, we're going to move it out of that city. If like, uh, the governor of Illinois, who is -- you know, look, last week --, they had between last week and the week before 11 murders. And 38 people were shot. Then he gets up and says this is a very safe.

And then he says crime is better. The reason crime is better is because Kash put about five months ago, a whole team of FBI people there to get ready for when we go in. And they've lowered it a little bit, you know like 20, 25 percent, which isn't good enough. But it's a good start. But that was only put there because they're preparing for us to go in. And they've done -- by the way, they've done a good job.

So then Pritzker gets up, we've lowered crime 25 percent. It's because the FBI was there. So no, if any city we think is going to be even a little bit dangerous for the World Cup or for the Olympics, you know, where they have Olympic overthrow right. Uh, but for the World Cup, in particular, because they're playing in so many cities, we won't allow it to go to it. We'll move it around a little bit.

But I -- I hope that's not going to happen, yeah.

Well, I can't tell you about that, but it tells you when they want to wear masks or they want to hide a little bit why that's so important uh, but uh, these are great patriots, the ICE. And what a tough job they have, what an unbelievably tough job they have. And think of it, what are they doing? They're taking hardcore criminals out of our country and putting them back.

These were largely criminals that were given to us by Joe Biden and his group of radical maniacs that surrounded this desk just like these people surround the desk now, but they're not maniacs.  They're very solid people.

I'm glad I prefaced it.  But they, they're great. We have a great Cabinet. We have great people. And uh, he didn't have great people. He had terrible people. Look at Afghanistan, look at -- look at the people he had running our military that that could happen. The most embarrassing day in the history of our country was Afghanistan.

And 13 young people died. They don't ever talk about the 38 that were horribly wounded with legs and arms and everything else really horribly wounded. So the countries, uh, respected, like it's probably almost never been respected before. I think we're respected at a level. And a year ago, it was a dead country.

We had a dead country a year ago. This country was dying. It was really -- it was uh, it was really in bad shape. Let's talk about the next subject, shall we?

OK, everybody understand? The death penalty in Washington, you kill somebody, or if you kill a police officer a law enforcement officer, death penalty. And hopefully, there won't be that. So again, it's way down. I mean, we have had week after week after week where we haven't had a murder. I said that the other day in front of the president of Poland.

The press was here. And I said ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to announce that Washington DC has not had a death in four weeks a murder. And he looked at me. And he goes is that good or bad? You know, he's saying what kind of a place is this,? But it's true. For years, I mean, every week essentially somebody got killed or more than one.

And uh, this is a very safe city right now. We don't play games. And you know it's interesting. We took these careers out, career criminals that they call them careers. They just -- they left the word criminal out, but we took the careers out of here. And now right back to their homes or they're in jail or they're in a jail in another country and hopefully they're not coming back.

And we have to maintain it. You can't just leave it. We have to maintain it. We've gotten along fairly well with the mayor. You know, she's and in a party that hates that -- the city is becoming safe. I mean, they are actually criticizing her because the city's becoming safe. But this is becoming a very -- this is right now a very, very safe city.

This is considered -- this went from the most unsafe city in the country to the safest city in the country. There's no city any safer. That's a pretty big achievement. And we really did it in 12 days. But if you add an extra week to it, that would be nice. Uh, and I mean, you can go out to dinner, restaurants are booming.

You know, the restaurants were dead. They were dead. Even if you got to the restaurant, then somebody would come in and hold you up. You know, they'd hold up the whole restaurant. Uh, they go to Uber. Young ladies in the White House, they'd call Uber for protection. They'd run to the car because they were petrified to be from the entrance of their building to the car.

Now they feel safe. They're in the car and then the car gets hijacked while they're in the back of the car.  This is what we were living in. We were living in hell. The people that work in the White House, every time they see me, young women in particular, they say, thank you, sir. And I don't even ask them about what.

I know exactly. They made their lives. Now they're living in a beautiful, glamorous place called Washington DC with no crime. And that's the way it should be, OK? This is the death penalty for somebody that kills people in Washington DC. I think it's capitol. It's a very interesting, capital punishment capital city.

Right, it's capitol, capitol, capitol. But this is our capital city, we can't allow that to happen. When people come in from Iowa to look at the Lincoln Memorial and they end up getting killed, that doesn't happen anymore. It's not going to happen. And if it does happen, it's the death penalty for the person that did it. And this goes into effect, right?

Pam, s that right?

Could you speak a little bit about that?

OK, it's a big statement. Thank you very much. OK? I see some of you shaking your heads very positive. Thank you, Brian. Thank you, fellas.

I said it. Yeah.

Good. And most people really like it. And Washington, again, it's going to serve as a beacon because you have to do it. These are bad people. When you look at that guy, the guy that killed the young lady in the train in North Carolina, that he'll be in trial for years and years, years. He'll get a good lawyer somewhere along the line.

Somebody will come along. And what he did to that young lady -- and she went into that train scared. You know, when she went in the way she sat down, she was -- she was scared to just be there. She just wanted to not pay any attention to anybody, just not be noticed, and she had her throat slit. We don't want that in this country anymore.

We're not going to have it in this country anymore. Thank you very much. Next.

Great.

We're looking at the funders of a lot of these groups. And you know, when you see the signs and they're all beautiful signs made professionally, these aren't your protesters that make the sign in their basement late in the evening because they really believe it. These are anarchists and agitators, professional anarchists and agitators and they get hired by wealthy people, some of whom I know, I guess.

You know, probably know them. And you wouldn't know it. You're at dinner with them, everything's nice. And then you find out that they funded millions of dollars to these lunatics. Steve, could you say a couple of words, please.

Thank you, Steve. Kash, please.

Thank you. Good. Good job. Thank you very much. Pam.

What?

When you go out to Portland and you see what's happening in Portland, this is like --

-- nobody's ever seen anything like it every night and this has gone on for years. They just burned the place down and, you know, the shop owners, most of them have left. But the few shops that are open, they just use plywood and just like, three quarter inch plywood. They don't put storefronts up because they know it's going to be burned down.

These are professional agitators.

These are bad people and they paid a lot of money by rich people, some of whom we know. I'm sure I know some. I don't -- if I knew, I wouldn't associate because I'll be in trouble. Because Pam will say, why are you associating with this person? But I will tell you that these are bad, bad people and they're paying a lot of money, millions of dollars.

But take a look at Portland, sometime. These are wild -- these are crazy people and they're trying to burn down buildings, including federal buildings. And on my list of things that I want to do before we finish up with the cities, because I think we're going to whip the cities back into shape. We have to. We cannot let our cities -- and that's a small example, but it's the most violent example.

It's every night and they've done it for years. You think maybe at some point they made their point and what are they doing? But we're going to get out there and we're going to do a pretty big number on those people in Portland that are doing that. They're professional agitators and anarchists. They're actually anarchists.

Yeah, go ahead. Why don't you defend -- let's see you defend them, Jeff.

You don't explain it right, though, Jeff. Go ahead. Let's go -- maybe, let's give you another chance. Go ahead.

Yeah. Well, Soros is the name certainly that I keep hearing. I don't know, but Soros is a name that I hear. I hear a lot of different names. I hear names of some pretty rich people that are radical left people. Maybe I hear about a guy named Reid Hoffman, somebody -- a pretty rich guy, I guess, and I hear about him.

I don't know, maybe. Maybe could be him, could be a lot of people. We -- we hear the same names, but they're bad and we're going to find out. And if they are funding these things, they're going to have some problems because they're agitators and they're anarchists. These are anarchists, really bad. OK? Yeah, please.

Who are you with?

Right.

Yes, we have. Yeah, we have been. Yep. It's an international -- in many cases, it is international.

Well, I'd say the maximum under the law and we'll see. Now, if they kill somebody, you just -- we just signed a death penalty. So it depends where it is, but if they kill somebody, which they do -- I mean, people are dying. You go out to Portland, people die out there. Many people have died over the years in Portland.

Portland is -- I don't know how anybody lives there. It's amazing. But it's -- it's anarchy out there and that's what they want. They want anarchy, like when they attack Seattle and took over a big percentage of the city. I was going to go out and we were going to do a big number. They heard that and everybody broke up all of a sudden.

But you know, you have governors that have to run that. And a lot of them don't do that. I don't like to go in. I'd rather have -- like I'd rather have Pritzker's support when we go into Chicago. But if we don't have it, that's OK, too, because we're paramount. And we will do what we have to do. We're going to make Chicago safe.

We're going to make every place. We're going to make as many as we can. And usually that involves a surge. But what we did with, uh, in the case of Chicago, by having the FBI go out there five or six months ago, we brought it down a little bit. You know, a little bit is 25 percent. So it's not so little, but it is when you're talking about, uh, the kind of crime and killings and murders that you hear in Chicago.

But we're going to get it. Chicago's a great city. As the Union Pacific said, the head of the Union Pacific, who's a great guy, started off as a low rung guy. He said he started in a caboose and now he's the chairman of the Union Pacific. But he's a great guy. But he said, sir, don't lose Chicago. The way he said it. I said, boy, it really hit me. You know, here's a -- a man that knows all the cities.

The Union Pacific, I guess, is our largest railroad. And he knows all the cities. He's been doing it for 45 years. And he said, sir don't lose Chicago. And the way he said that meant a lot to me. And we're going to go into Chicago very soon.

We're going to take care of Memphis. We're going to take care of Memphis. I mean, you can't -- you can't walk a block without getting shot. We're going to take care of that one. And just like we did Washington DC. And we're going to -- we're going to do Chicago very soon. Yes?

I don't know. I know it's going on because I read the papers just like you do,, right? So I -- I don't know. Do you have anything to say about that?

I don't think -- I don't think anybody has to ask. Because if you look at Soros, he's at the top of every -- in fact, sometimes they say, could he be involved in this many things? But he's in every story that I read. Stories that I read keep talking about Soros and uh, so you know, I guess he'd be a likely candidate.

Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.