Thank you very much. We have a very big announcement to make today. You all know, Gianni, he came all the way from Italy, the beautiful country of Italy to be with us. And he just got off the plane. And he uh, he's a hard working guy who does a phenomenal job with FIFA. Nobody like him. I'm delighted to welcome FIFA President Gianni Infantino back to the White House for a major announcement about one of the most anticipated competitions in all of sports, the 2026. -- And this is a big deal, I'll tell you.

I was so happy to get it. The 2026 FIFA World Cup. That's going to be the World Cup as we know it. It's the biggest -- probably the biggest event in sports, I guess Gianni, right?

On December 5th of this year, the 2026 FIFA World Cup draw will take place at the Kennedy Center. Some people refer to it as the Trump Kennedy Center, but we're not prepared to do that quite yet, maybe in a week or so.  But right here in Washington, DC. It's a tremendous honor to bring the global event and this incredible group of people and these unbelievable athletes, the best athletes in the world to the cultural center of our nation's capital.

I just left the Kennedy Center. We're spending a lot of money wisely on making it really beautiful. It's going to be beautiful again. It's like Washington, DC. We had, by the way, in Washington, DC, we have the lowest crime numbers they've had in years. Uh, zero. It sounds like -- it's a horrible thing to say, but I might as well say it, uh, zero murders in the last week since we've done this.

That's the first time in memory that that's happened. If you can believe it, how pathetic that is to have to even say it. And I'm tired of listening to these people say how safe it was before we got here. It was unsafe. It was horrible. And Mayor Bowser better get our act straight or she won't be mayor very long because we'll take it over with the federal government and run it like it's supposed to be run.

The numbers were horrible. It was a crime infested rat hole. And they do have a lot of rats. We're getting rid of them too. And we've made a lot of progress. And it was extremely unsafe. And now it's extremely safe. We had virtually no crime. The number was down 87 percent. And I'm trying to figure out where was the 13 percent?

Because I don't think it existed. Uh, the National Guard has been unbelievable. And they're working with the police. And they have some very good people in there. They have some people that shouldn't be police actually, but they have some great people there. And the Washington, DC, is a whole different place.

And Gianni, I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that, too, actually.

But it's a whole different place. People are excited again. They're going out to restaurants again. I was -- the other thing I saw numbers that restaurant business is down in the last week. Oh, no. Restaurant business, you can't get into a restaurant. They are just really lying people. And that's why people don't understand how bad and how dishonest the press is. I saw one poll that had us at 19 percent favorable on what we're doing with Washington.

Then I saw another one that has this 94 percent favorable. And I can tell you the 94 percent is correct. The others are fake, just fake news. They got to get their act together. It's so bad for our country, so sick actually. So Washington, DC, is really doing unbelievably well. And the Kennedy Center that we're fixing, I was just there all morning with contractors.

We're making it unbelievable. It's going to be unbelievable. It's got great bones, but it needs a lot of work. The World Cup draw will set up the group stage of competition. 48 teams will play in 104 games across 16 North American cities from Seattle to Vancouver, to Atlanta, to Miami. It's going to be so exciting for our country.

The 2026 FIFA World Cup will be one of the largest and most complex events. This will be one of the greatest events, one of the largest -- in a way it's like Gianni said it better. It's like having many Super Bowls in a short period of time.

Because each one of these games essentially is a Super Bowl.

Some of them are bigger than Super Bowls actually.

But they're essentially each one of these games is like a Super Bowl. The 2026 FIFA World Cup will be the largest, most complex set of events in sports history. And the Kennedy Center will give it a phenomenal kick off. And we'll be involved. And they'll be working over there for quite a bit of time. We have it all set that they can stay there for the big events, the big press conferences and everything else.

And they'll be in a very safe capital. That will be nice to not have to worry about walking down the street, Gianni, okay?

But you could handle yourself.

Already, FIFA is projecting 6 million loyal fans will attend the World Cup events next year. And 6 billion more are going to be watching back home. And they think the 6 billion -- number is going to be actually a low number. And this will drive more than $30 billion into the US economy and create 185,000 American jobs in a short period of time, too.

No sporting event attracts more attention, more fans, more viewers or more revenue than the FIFA World Cup. And again, I'll just say it's the World Cup. And it's the biggest thing there is in sports. And we have it. And I got it in my first administration. And I was really somewhat devastated, as devastated as I can be. I don't have time to get too devastated.

I was very happy that today, as you saw, the group that does this, a government group, a Radical Left Group announced that Trump was right, took in $4 trillion worth of tariffs. That the $4 trillion are going to reduce the deficit by numbers far greater than they ever expected or heard of. And by the way, the stock market went up 1000 points.

That was as of ten minutes ago. I can't tell you what happened. A lot of things happened. But the stock market's up almost 1000 points. And it's basically on the news that the release that just came out from government that the tariffs that everybody was talking about that the whole world respects us for because of what we did, uh, the tariffs are going to be at $4 trillion.

They're going to reduce the deficit by $4 trillion. Mr. Vice President, you --

Too bad. It's not five, right?

It's had a huge impact and the stock market is way up, but this will drive more than $30 billion in US economy and create 185,000 American jobs. No sporting event attracts more attention or more fans or anything else. And I just look forward to the draw, so we're going to have the draw essentially, Gianni, at the Kennedy Center.

And by that time, it'll be an even better shape. We're working on it. It'll take about a year project to make it -- it'll be great. It'll be fantastic. You see the way this is looking? Look nice. I can't tell you how much that gold cost. A lot of money. There's nothing like gold and there's nothing like solid gold.

But this -- this beautiful office needed it, it had to be representative. When we took it over, it was dirty, not clean. I immediately changed the chair and had the -- this beautiful desk renovated and brought out by the White House people that do this. They did a great job, they sent it out. We have a craftsman who's great, but this was not appropriate for the Oval Office when I took over.

And now you look at all those paintings, you're allowed to turn back. All of these are great presidents and they were all in the vaults, they were in vaults for some, some cases much more than 100 years. And now they're proudly hanging in the Oval Office walls that I can't imagine anybody changing it, but they were -- they were buried in vaults for over a hundred years, many of them.

So it's very exciting. People come in, they really love it. They love what we're doing here. They love what we're doing in DC and they love what we're doing most importantly in the country in the world. I'd like to ask Gianni to say a few words. He's the head of the whole thing. He's been there for a long time, probably the most respected man in sports.

He's amazing, actually. Works very hard and he's got the biggest event in the world coming right here to the United States and a little -- we did a little for Canada. We did a little for Mexico. We thought we'd -- see? I'm a good citizen. I said let them have a little peace, so we gave a little to Canada.

See how nice I am? And we gave a little bit to Mexico. And, uh, Gianni, please say a few words.

Yeah.

Can I keep?

I'm not giving it back. We're not giving it back, this is -- that's serious. It fits well. It goes very well in the wall right over there. We'll put it right below the angels.

That's beautiful, yeah.

That's fine. That's a -- that's a beautiful piece of gold, I will say. That's beautiful.

-- Will they be doing most of the draws, all of the draws at the Kennedy? Well, how are you going to do that?

That's great.

You'll be very happy.

They'll all be happy.

-- By the way, an example, supposing we had a week ago when everybody was being killed and mugged and everything else, despite the phony numbers that were given out that it was getting better. Brian, do you believe it was getting better or getting worse?

Yeah. How did the other guy come out?

No, but can you imagine You do this and then you start hearing that they had a 20-year reduction of crime. It's worse -- it was worse during the Biden administration than anybody's ever imagined possible. And I guarantee you he wouldn't be here if those numbers continued, but now we have total safety, we have total security and for the border in three months, zero people.

These are done by liberal people that do these charts. Zero people came through our border in the last 90 days. Can you believe it? Zero. Last year, we had millions of people coming in and they came in from the wrong locations. They came in from -- they came in a lot of people that shouldn't be here. So now when we have this event in December, it's going to be very safe.

Gianni, you can walk down the street with your beautiful wife.

You can take her to dinner if you can get a reservation, which I doubt.

I know. They're all full. I heard that too. The restaurants are -- the restaurants -- since we are doing this are doing great and many new restaurants are going to open because as you know many closed. Many restaurants closed because the crime was so bad. This will be one of the safest places anywhere on earth.

So, you know, I really -- I really am honored that the -- the National Guard has done such an incredible job working with the police and we haven't had to bring in the -- the regular military which we're willing to do if we have to. And after we do this, we'll go to another location and we'll make it safe also.

We're going to make our country very safe. We're going to make our cities very, very safe. Chicago's a mess. You have an incompetent mayor, grossly incompetent and we'll straighten that one out probably next. That'll be our next one after this and it won't even be tough. And the people in Chicago, Mr. Vice President, are screaming for us to come.

They're wearing red hats just like this one, but they're wearing red hats. African American ladies -- beautiful ladies are saying please, President Trump, come to Chicago please. I did great with the black vote as you know and they want something to happen. So I think Chicago will be our next and then we'll help with, uh, New York.

We're going to help with and I think really I think a lot of -- and a lot of these people that you see on television, they're including the people in this audience. They'll say bad things about me and then they'll say, thank God he's here because half of them got mugged and they don't want to get mugged again.

But they're -- you know, they work for -- they work for stupid people that are radical left and they're made to do things and say things that they don't want to be saying. But the people right here are all happy because you're not going to be mugged in Washington, DC anymore. Uh, I just want to say Gianni's been my friend for a long time.

He's an incredible guy and we will lay out the red carpet. Uh, Andrew, you're going to be fantastic. Rick is going to be -- everything Rick ever touched is -- has always worked out and he's working with me on the Kennedy Center and his very good friend was an actor on Broadway for five years, right?

And I assume he's helping us a little bit, right?

And, uh, Andrew, you're all excited about it.

Would you like to say something?

I just want to say one thing. Andrew Giuliani said his father is Rudy, the greatest mayor in the history of New York. I think by far, uh, he was -- he took a ravaged city, a city that was really under siege. Probably most people thought it was going to survive. He turned it around. He was a great, great mayor.

And then they treated him very, very unfairly. You go back and tell your father all of the things that have come out over the last couple of months, through Tulsi and through all of the people, Kash, everybody. They've proven your father 100 percent correct.

His father was treated so unfairly. Your father has been 100 percent correct, and tell him we all love him. OK?

He's an amazing -- what he had to go through was very, very unfair, nasty. These are bad people. Mr. Vice President, would you like to say something?

Thank you and that's a really very small percentage, it's two percent, three percent, but that two percent and three percent reeks just havoc throughout a community. People are petrified. And I know there's a couple of the women in the back are shaking their head, yes, yes, yes. I won't repeat who you are because you'll end up losing your jobs.

But it's true. It's amazing. And the police, and you look at the D.C. National Guard, I saw pictures of them last night getting off vans and all, and I saw some bad ones running. But they're not running so much anymore. They're not there. They're just not even trying. You're totally safe now. There'll be something happening sometime.

I don't know. Maybe it won't be for a long time, but this was every night we'd get reports of people being mugged and kicked. And there's one woman on television last night, she had a badly busted up nose and she goes, well, I like our streets the way they used to be and she thinks it's going to happen by doing nothing.

And they say what happened to your nose? She got slugged by a guy walking down the street, slugged. Her nose will never be the same, I guarantee you, unless it takes a pretty good turn. She wasn't really for us. But she sort of said, well, maybe something has to happen, before this happened to me. She got whacked and I don't think she'll ever be the same.

She almost became -- she was a half a Trump fan, a woman that would have never been a Trump fan, but she was hit hard. It's not going to happen anymore, not going to happen anymore, but then we're going to beautify the city too. That's where I was today, at Kennedy Center and we're going to beautify the city like it hasn't -- And we're working with Clark Construction, the biggest construction company in Chicago, in Chicago and New York and Washington and the head of Clark is great.

He's all over the world, actually. But Washington, I would say, is their home. That's where they do the best work, their biggest work and they're doing a -- they've been doing a fantastic job. So you're going to have a fantastic, clean, beautiful place. It's going to be better than it ever was before, literally better than it ever was before.

We'll get it done very quickly. And I want to thank Clark because they're doing a lot of work in a lot of different locations, but they've been fantastic for getting us the right contractors and the people that can really do the job right. And Gianni, did you want to say something? Please.

Good. Wow.

Oh, good. I'll stand up. Wow.

That's great. Thank you, Gianni.

Thank you.

That's beautiful. Yeah.

You'll do records.

You're going to do record business, I think.

Kristi, would you like to say something?

Well, our country is respected again and a year ago, we had a dead country. I'm telling you, it was a dead country. It was a country that was -- that had lost its way. It was a country that was going to fail. Look, even today where they say $4 trillion in reductions of deficits and this was totally unexpected.

They didn't expect it. I mean, I don't know where they've been, the people that do this stuff, but it's terrible. I want to thank Kristi for another reason. I said to her two weeks ago, I said, Kristi, do me a favor. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I built the same wall that the Border Patrol asked me to build.

Inside that is rebar, a big, fat piece of rebar. So you have all different materials that are very hard to cut and you need different instruments to cut each one. And I said, Kristi, we got to get a coat of paint on it and I didn't know she was listening, but I said we got to get a coat of paint and it should be black, because black makes the steel very hot.

It's untouchable. You could fry an egg on it. And if you got a good, black, flat paint, it would look beautiful. It will preserve it from rust and that was it. And I gave it to her along with 30 other things. And she's done such a good job on the border with Tom Homan and the group. Tom Homan is a fantastic guy, the job he does and the way they work together.

So I turned on last night and I see Kristi's painting the wall. And it looked beautiful, by the way, when that paint went over that.

It's hot.

It's hot. If it's white, it's not hot. If it's black, it's -- it's going to be very hard to climb that sucker. You're going to -- it's not going to be easy. But it's black and a high quality black.

You know, it really looked good. Is that going to be a two-coat job or a one coat?

One coat.

Yep, the two coat will take place in three years from now, right? We'll do the second coat. But it looks beautiful. But thank you very much. I didn't know you were listening to that because we talked about seven different subjects and all of a sudden, I see her out there painting, with a lot of painters and everything else, but it was a beautiful thing to see.

Would you like to say something? You've been such a big part of this. Please.

We're going to be there. A lot of people are going to be there.

I'd like to thank you all. Do you have any questions on FIFA, first of all?

I may play.

I mean, I see the money that these soccer players, you know, the soccer, we call it soccer, but I see the money that these soccer players are making. I may try and play. I'm a very good athlete. My son is a very good athlete and he's a good soccer player. He's on the tall side for soccer. He's 6'9". That's pretty tall.

It's on the tall side.

It's on the tall side, but he's good. But no, I may -- I may put on shorts. I'm extremely good in shorts and join the play. No, it's going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be great.

Yeah. They're going to have a very easy time getting in. Certain countries are going to be very, very easy and other countries are going to be obviously a little bit more difficult. Would you like to explain that, Kristi?

And I was just sent a picture from somebody that wants to be there very badly. He's been very respectful of me and of our country, but not so respectful of others, but he'll -- I'm going to sign this for him. But I was sent one and I thought you'd all like to see it. That's a man named Vladimir Putin, who I believe will be coming, depending on what happens.

He may be coming and he may not, depending. You know what happens. We have a lot of things happening over the next couple of weeks, so.

But I thought it was a nice picture of him. OK, of me, but nice of him.  So that was very nice that it was sent to me. OK. Uh --

I told him I'm not happy about it. And I'm not happy about anything having to do with that war. I said -- I settled not nine -- seven wars. And actually if you think about wars add three more, so it would be ten. Uh, I thought this would be in the middle of the pack in terms of difficulty. No, I'm not happy about anything about that war.

Nothing. Not happy at all. We'll see what happens. I think over the next two weeks we're going to find out which way it's going to go. And uh, I better be very happy.

Yes.

He's removing his tariffs, yeah. He's -- he's removing his retaliatory tariffs, which I thought was nice. And we're going to have another call soon.

Yeah, we had a very good call.

Well, I like --

I like them. You know, look, I'm fighting for the United States. Canada and Mexico take a lot of our business over the years, over 25, 30 years, especially during the Biden years. They took a lot of our business. And it's basically all coming back into the United States now. We're hot as a pistol. And it's coming back in. Because of tariffs and the incentives we give, it's coming back.

And it's impossible, I think, for another country to stop it. And we are working on something. We want to be very good to Canada. I like Carney a lot. I think he's a good, good person. And we had a very good talk yesterday. So I think it'll be good.

Well, I haven't spoken to Pam and the group yet, but I will be. Uh, I saw that just like everybody else. I try and stay out of that stuff. I'm allowed to be, and I'm chief law enforcement officer, believe it or not. You know, I don't like to go around saying that, but I am. That's the position. Uh, but I purposely don't want to really get involved in it. I'm not a fan of John Bolton.

I thought he was a sleazebag, actually. And uh, he's, uh, suffers major Trump derangement syndrome, but so do a lot of people, and they're not being affected by anything we do. Uh, I don't know anything about it. I saw it -- just saw that. I'll find out about it, but uh, if you believe the news, which I do, uh, I guess his house was raided.

But my house was raided also. Called Mar-A-Lago. They went through everything they could, including my young son's room. And my wife's area. They went through her drawers, as the expression goes. And they went through everything you can imagine. And when she came back, she looked, she said -- she's very neat, you know, she's meticulous.

And she looked and she said, whoa, this wasn't -- this wasn't the way that she had it. And so you know, so I know the feeling. It's not a good feeling. Thank you.

A couple of weeks. We're going to figure it out. We'll find out.

Look, it takes two to tango. You understand that. I wanted to have a meeting with those two. I could have been at the meeting, but a lot of people think that nothing's going to come out of that meeting. You have to be there. Maybe that's true. Maybe it's not. But we're going to see. In the meantime, people continue to die.

But I've solved seven of them where they were in wars for 31, 35 and 37 years. We had three of them that were for more than 30 years, Gianni, and I got them solved.

And we solved one that could have been a nuclear war with India and Pakistan. That was getting ready to be a nuclear war. I solved them all. And uh, this one, I thought we would have had it done by now, but it's uh, it's more difficult. There's a lot of anger, a lot of hatred. There's a tremendous amount of hatred there, so, but we'll see what happens.

I think in two weeks we'll know which way I'm going. Because I'm going to go one way or the other. And they'll learn which way I'm going.

Yeah.

Well, Los Angeles is an example. You know, it's poorly run. We have a mayor there that can't even get permits to the people that lost their houses. Uh, Lee Zeldin got every permit. The hardest permit is the federal permit. Within 20 days, every single permit was there for the people to build their houses.

But people are writing us and they're saying they won't give us -- the mayor is incompetent. The governor is incompetent. You know, Gavin. I know Gavin very well. He's an incompetent guy with a good line of bullshit. And he doesn't get the job done. And frankly, uh, those people want to build their houses.

It's terrible. They could have been built, some of them could have been built already. But think of it, the federal government that has the most complex part and it's the most complex environmental thing to do, we got it. Everybody had it within 30 days. And they're not even close to getting their permits.

And now they're talking about taking some of those sites and building low income housing on them. These are high end neighborhoods. And I'm all for low income housing. I built a lot of low income housing. I know all about 236. I know every program that there is in the government. I used every one of them.

I know more about low income housing than probably almost anybody. And it's great, it's fine, it's wonderful. But you don't build it in Pacific Palisades. You don't build it there. And you don't build it in the other areas that burned down. So they're talking about putting up low income housing. And you talk about riots.

They're going to have riots if that happens. Because you're taking the people's property away. They want to build their houses and they're unable to get permits from the mayor and from the governor. And that's a terrible thing. But -- and -- and let me tell you, if I didn't send in the troops in Los Angeles, Gianni wouldn't be in Los Angeles.

You wouldn't be having your World Cup there. I sent in the troops, and we kept it. And even the police commissioner, the sheriff and the police commissioner, they all said the same thing. They said we could have never handled what was happening. You saw that. You -- you were there. He said we could have never handled it, what was happening.

And then you hear Gavin Newsom, after it's all quelled, you had Newsom got up and said we could have done this by ourselves. No, they couldn't have. And if they could've, I wouldn't have taken the chance either.

Yeah. Well, they have it in some states. And they feel strongly about it. I, you know, as you know, I'm in favor of it. Um, people have to protect themselves. I'm a Second Amendment person. Very simply. People have to be able to protect themselves, especially like in Washington. You walk down the street.

A guy comes up and slugs you. He's got a -- he's got a pistol in his hand. You can be tough. You can be in great shape. You can be a powerful person. Or you can be a guy that weighs 100 pounds with a gun in your hand.

And I'll -- I'll bet on the guy with a gun 100 percent of the time, right? And so you need protection. So I'm a Second Amendment person all the way. Yeah, please.

Which money?

Yeah, I've spoken to Mike Johnson. I've spoken to John Thune. The Senate, the House. And uh, I think it's going to be very easy to get. It's uh, it's going to be not a lot of money. I wouldn't even know where to spend the number that you mentioned. But it's going to be, uh, money to beautify the city, yeah.

They're ready. Everybody wants to save DC. In one way, it's the easiest. The violence was more than any other city in the country, actually, by far. It may have been more than any other city in the world. If you could think. You know, we looked at some of the worst cities in the world, it was worse. And that's why it angers me to see the mayor saying about how they have it on the sly, not on the sly.

It was worse than ever. Uh, yeah, we have no problem getting that money. That money will come out of Congress. I think it'll be even bipartisan.

I mean, I would imagine Democrats would vote for that one. It's the plan to get it before the September 30th spending deadline on the Hill? Well, I don't know if there is a headline here -- deadline. Because if I declare a -- national emergency, which this was, that ends the deadline. So I mean, I keep saying about a 30 day deadline of which we have 22 days left or something.

But uh, if I think we're in great shape here, that's one thing. But if I don't, I'm going to just say it's a -- it's a national emergency. And if I have a national emergency, I can keep the troops there as long as I want. People are not going to want to have the troops -- in 30 days. You know, it's one thing to get them out.

It's another thing to keep them out for a long period of time. Uh, you've got to train people. You can't do this. You can't bop people over the head. And a lot of those people are in courts right now going to court. They're going to go to jail for a long time. Uh, so that's going to take more than 30 days.

But if I have to, I'll declare a national emergency, which I don't think I have to do. Yeah.

Yeah, I think, I'll know, -- I think I'll know the attitude of Russia and frankly of Ukraine, it takes two.

Well, then I'm going to make a decision as to what we do.

And it's going to be a -- it's going to be a very important decision. Uh, and that's whether or not it's massive sanctions or massive tariffs or both. Um, or do we do nothing, and say it's your fight. Look, I would have never been in this war if I were president. You wouldn't have -- you wouldn't have had this war. It was never going to happen.

This was caused by stupid people that fought. And you know, people say, well, how do we know? Because for four years, it was never even a subject.

And Vladimir knew and you see his picture right here, was nice that he sent, but Vladimir knew very strongly we wouldn't have stood for it. It wouldn't have happened, 100 percent wouldn't have happened, but it did happen and now they're losing from five to seven young kids -- think of it, you're a parent and your son is leaving.

He's Russian or he's Ukrainian and he's leaving and they're waving goodbye. Nice, beautiful kid, nice crewcut, all set. He wants to be a soldier and he goes there first week. He has his head blown off and he's no different than you people, me. And it doesn't matter where. I mean, I saw I solved the problem in the Congo that was vicious.

Rwanda and the Congo, the Republic of the Congo and they were fighting for 31 years and it was machetes. People were getting their heads chopped off. That was going on for 31 years. I got it solved. You saw it. They came to the white House. We signed an agreement. It was amazing. People can't believe we got it done.

I love to stop killing. I really do. People thought it would be just the opposite. Hillary Clinton said, oh, he'll get us into a war. No, I'm getting everybody else out of wars.

I'll see whose fault it is. If there are reasons why, I'll understand that. I know exactly what I'm doing. We're going to see whether or not they have a meeting. That will be interesting to see. And if they don't, why didn't they have a meeting, because I told them to have a meeting. But I'll know in two weeks what I'm going to do. I have pretty good ideas

That's OK.

I'm in support of keeping it open. Innocent people shouldn't be hurt, but I'm in support of keeping it totally open. I couldn't care less. You got a lot of people that could be mentioned in those files that don't deserve to be, people -- because he knew everybody in Palm Beach. I don't know anything about that, but I have said to Pam and everybody else, give them everything you can give them because it's a Democrat hoax.

It's just a hoax. The whole Epstein thing is a Democrat hoax. So we had the greatest six months, seven months of the history of the presidency and the Democrats don't know what to do, so they keep bringing up that stuff, but it affected them. Bill Clinton was on his plane and went to the island supposedly 28 times.

I don't want to bring that up, frankly. You have Larry, whatever his name is, Summers, the head of Harvard, who was Jeffrey Epstein's best friend. Nobody ever talks about that. I mean, I -- but I don't want to hurt Larry Summers, but he was best friends with Jeffrey Epstein. No, this is a Democratic hoax to try and get the significance of what we've done over the past seven months -- Nobody's ever seen anything like it. They say it's number one in history.

What we've done, including stopping seven wars. I mean, just include that and now you look at the stock market today, it's way up to start off with from where I took it. And this market was going to crash. If Joe Biden or Kamala were President this market -- we would have had a crash like in 1929. You're not going to have that.

It's only a question of how high is it going to go. You know, I had the strongest economy in the history of our country. And despite COVID, we had the strongest economy in the history of our country and we're going to blow it away this time. I was always good at making a lot of money and whether it was for myself or whether it was -- I like doing it this way better.

I mean, I like making it for the country. Our country has been ripped off by friend and foe, nations all over the world, ripped off. And the friends have been much worse than the foes, for the most part. And they're not ripping us off. We just signed a deal with the European Union. They're paying us essentially $950 billion, like a signing fee.

They're going to buy $750 billion worth of energy. They weren't buying much of our energy. And they're very smart in doing it. And as you know, Ursula was here a couple of days ago having to do with the people, the leaders that were here. We had a great -- people said they've never seen anything like it, where we had the leaders of Europe right here in the Oval Office and she's so happy that she has an agreement.

But people aren't ripping us anymore. They're -- we're run by -- this country is run by smart people now.

About the 10 percent.

Yeah, I met a man. It was a very nice man and I called for his removal because I saw something by a man named Tom Cotton, a Senator from Arkansas, who's a great guy, a friend of mine, supporter of mine, because I'm a supporter of his too. And he wrote a pretty nasty story about the head of Intel, and I said, well, if that's right, he should resign.

And he came in, he saw me, we talked for a while. I liked him a lot. I thought he was very good. I thought he was somewhat a victim. But you know, nobody's a total victim, I guess. And I said, you know what, I think the United States should be given 10 percent of Intel. And he said, I would consider that.

I said, well, I'd like you to do that because Intel has been left behind, as you know, compared to Jensen and some of our friends, NVIDIA, some of the people and the people in Ð because Intel should have never been -- Intel was the biggest, most powerful chip company in the world and then they started leaving and they started going to foreign countries, in particular, Taiwan.

And if we had a president that would have said, OK, you can go to Taiwan, but we're going to put a 100 percent tariff or 200 or a 300 or a 500 percent tariff, anybody that sells into the United States has to pay, they wouldn't have left. They would have never left and we wouldn't have. So in the meantime, we had people that were in some cases, good politicians that weren't good on trade.

I love that man, but he was not good on trade. I totally disagree. He allowed the car industry to be taken out of this country. We lost 50 percent of our car industry, but that's all coming back. It's all coming back. But if somebody would have said that with Intel would be a giant right now. Now with that, they've had some bad management over the years and they got lost.

And I said, I think you should pay us 10 percent of your company and they said, yes, that's about $10 million for the -- I don't get it. This comes to the United States of America. And I said, I think it would be good having the United States as your partner. He agreed and they've agreed to do it. And I think it's a great deal for them, and I think it's a great deal.

He walked in wanting to keep his job and he ended up giving us $10 billion for the United States. So we picked up $10 billion. And we do a lot of deals like that. I'll do more of them. If somebody has like we have restrictive covenants with Jensen, we have -- it's NVIDIA and to unrestrict the covenant -- nothing to do with losing our powers or military or anything because that I wouldn't do. But there are things you can do that don't affect us, that actually help us. And if we're going to give somebody a free out, a restricted covenant, we have a restrictive covenant on certain industries.

And I will absolutely give somebody an opening on a -- to do a lot of business, which is good for us as long as it doesn't hurt us in a security or military way. And if I do that, I think the country should be paid, because anybody else -- I have it in real estate, where I'll have a deal with somebody and I'll have them restrictive covenant.

Then they'll come back and they'll say, I'd love to be able to build over here, but I'm not allowed to because you have me covered, you have me restricted. I say, I'll let you build over there, but pay me a lot of money, no different. But the country never did it because the country was run by foolish people.

No. I haven't spoken to him. I haven't spoken to him. He's grossly incompetent. I haven't spoken to the mayor. No. When we're ready, we'll go in and we'll straighten out Chicago, just like we did D.C. Chicago is very dangerous. A great place. I built great stuff there. I have the most beautiful building in Chicago, I think.

But I hate to see what's happened to Chicago. Chicago was our greatest city, actually. Bob Tisch, a great friend of mine, passed away, used to own the Giants and very successful, Loews. He said, Chicago -- I think they had their main office in Chicago, he, Chicago and San Francisco, the two greatest cities in the world.

Now you look at what the Democrats have done to San Francisco. They've destroyed it. I own a big chunk of the Bank of America building in San Francisco and it's just different. We could clean that up too. We'll clean that one up too. No. If we -- if everything works out -- and we've already had calls from other cities, quiet calls, calls from Democrats, we'd love you to come here, because they've lost control of their cities.

I'm not going to say because I don't want them to lose their elections, but we've had calls from Democrats and calls from people, generally, we'd love you to come here because we'll straighten out the problems.

Say it.

Well, not all of them and you have to understand, I'm the one that got all of the hostages out. You got a lot of people out. If it wasn't for me, they wouldn't be out. I worked with Bibi and I worked with Steve Witkoff..

But if it wasn't for me, you would have all these hostages would most likely be dead right now, every one of them. So they all come up here. They all come in groups of ten, 12, 13 and many of them. And I've gotten to know a lot of them, they're great people. What they had to go through is incredible, but so now they have 20, but the 20 is actually probably not 20 because a couple maybe aren't around any longer.

It's a terrible thing. No, I like -- I don't like anymore. I said, you know, when you get down to 20, they're not going to make deals anymore and they didn't. And then I put out a statement. As you know that was a tough statement, go in and get them and they said we'll give you ten, we'll give you ten, I don't know what Israel is doing, but they were willing now immediately to give us another ten.

Uh, the situation has to end, it's extortion and it has to end and we'll see what happens. I actually think they're safer in many ways. If you went in and you really went in fast and you did it and people can't forget October 7th, remember that. I'm friendly with all groups. I won the Arab vote in Michigan.

I did so great with the Arab vote remember? I started off at zero. I ended up winning. I wouldn't say the candidate was the greatest, but I would have won against anybody. They -- they're great people, but we have to do things properly and, you know, I'm very proud to say I got the hostages out, you have hundreds of people that are living now because of me and now we have that final little group of people.

And Hamas knows that if they give them, that's probably the end of their lives. So it's not easy to get. And I know if you're a parent, you just don't care, you want to -- I want my baby back, they want their babies back. They want their kids back and I understand it, but I got them out and did a good job.

And we'll -- uh, we're doing everything we can to get the hostages out. Thank you all very much. Yes?

Well, would come too late for a reason. He should have cut them a year ago. He's too late. Uh, you know, we have a stock market that's up a thousand points today. I better be careful because I go out there and I see it's down 1,000, right? But it's up 1,000 points when I came in here. We have a country that markets the hottest it's ever been.

The country is better than it's ever been. We have a military that I rebuilt largely in my first term. We had a great successful first term, but this is going to be even better. But we rebuilt it. We gave a lot of it away to Afghanistan, but relatively small compared to the overall, but I think it was the most embarrassing day and period in the history of our country that they allowed those 13 wonderful people -- but it's really hundreds of people were killed and they don't talk about the 48 that were so severely wounded with no legs, no arms, no -- don't -- nobody ever mentions them except me. But that was the worst day the most.

It just showed how incompetent -- frankly if that didn't happen, I really believe that you might not have had the problem with Russia. I think Putin was sitting there watching these stupid people running our country and said this is a time to invade it's, you know, this is a time and then Biden made the statement well, he can do a small incursion when he said that it was off to the races, right, when he said he can do a small incursion.

Remember that I was surprised he knew the word incursion and indicate that good of a vocabulary.  I want to thank everybody. It's very important to me and to everybody up here the World Cup and Gianni has been so incredible. I mean, he's really a great leader. I mean, to think -- I said Gianni do it by phone.

You don't have to come, no, he said I'll come. I'll come and he flew all night long to be here and listen to this about how great we're doing in DC. But, uh, he's a fantastic leader and this will be your most successful World Cup ever. Thank you, Gianni.

I don't know that's -- you got to watch.  I watch some of those teams go around. They go down that field, I don't know, but let me ask you. Can -- what chance does America have of winning?

See? He's a good

We have a -- we have a shot.

Uh, I'd love to have him. He'd love to. Uh, he's very tall. Maybe we could make him a goalie.  The goalies are very tall now, right?

The goalies -- well, he -- he'd be a perfect goalie, huh?

At his height he'll be a great goalie. So we'll put him on the American team.

No, but do the Americans have a chance of, like, getting into the quarterfinals?

You know, it's amazing that talent is really great when you watch these things. I went to the game, uh, two weeks ago and it was a big upset, but you look at these people, they're so the way they pass it, it's amazing, really amazing. It's a great -- it's a great art, right? It's a great talent.

You know the expression --

What?

I don't know. That's -- that's -- he's the boss.

He's the boss.

It's going to be great and I think the American team is going to do well. I mean, I hear it's a very good team. Good luck, everybody. Thank you very much.