Hello, everybody. This is a great honor and a real privilege. I'm thrilled to be here today with our nation's next incredible, and she will be incredible, Attorney General of the United States, Pam Bondi. And I wanna congratulate Pam. She's worked hard, so hard and, uh, unbelievably fair and unbelievably good at law enforcement.

I just wanna congratulate you.

A very special person. And I'd also like to thank, uh, Justice Clarence Thomas and his incredible wife who's here someplace. There she is. Incredible, highly respected wife, too, I will say. I, I remember, um, a couple of years ago, a little bit more than that, during, uh, uh, toward the end of my first term, I was introducing a lot of people at a big event, about 5,000 people in your biggest ballroom, you know what that is. And they were getting a nice smattering of applause.

They were very important people. And then I introduced Justice Clarence Thomas, the place went crazy.  And it was then that I realized that you are a very popular guy and respected guy, so thank you for being here. It's an honor and a great honor for Pam. Thank you very much.

Pam was a career prosecutor for nearly 20 years and was one of the toughest, and smartest, and best, and most successful attorney generals in the history of Florida. And I think, uh, I'm putting it out this morning, I think she's gonna end up going down as the most successful, or certainly one of the most successful attorney generals that, uh, this country has ever had.

And I really believe that. I know, I know her well. A lot of people in Florida-- If you're in Florida, you know her well. And it was all good. It was never a problem. No problem. As a prosecutor, she locked up drug dealers, and gang members, and human traffickers, and was waging war all the time on the pill mills, they called them, that fueled the deadly opioid crisis.

And she did better than anybody else. There was nobody like her in the country. She also won over $50 billion in lawsuits for the victims of financial fraud and devastating Deepwater Horizon oil spill, which was brutal. And she was the leader of that whole deal, getting that people taken care of. As Attorney General of the United States, Pam has a historic and urgently needed task ahead of her.

And probably there's never been a time, Clarence, that's, uh, more important than right now. We went through four years of not such good, not such good work in many ways. Not just, not just with the president, at other levels. Also with the president, obviously. She's going to restore fair, equal, and impartial justice and restore the constitutional rule of law in America.

She will lead the Democrats. Uh, you know where they're gonna-- She's gonna lead 'em right down, but I think she's gonna be as impartial as you can possibly be. I know I'm supposed to say she's gonna be totally impartial with respect to Democrats, and I think she will be as impartial as a person can be. I'm not sure if there's a possibility of totally, but she's gonna be as total as you can get, Gianni, right?  But she's gonna be fair and she'll lead the Department of Justice in crushing violent crime, demolishing the gangs, which are all over the place.

If you look at New York, if you look at Chicago, if you look at Los Angeles, which is half burned down unfortunately because they didn't have the water and they didn't have what they were supposed to have. Destroying the terrorist cartels is gonna be a very big priority for Pam, and that leads to crime, and it leads to a lot of drugs.

So she's gonna take care of it, and she'll stop the invasion of our country and get fentanyl off our streets. And we're gonna be working with her very closely. Kristi Noem and Tom Homan and all of the people are gonna be working very closely with Pam. She's going to end the weaponization of federal law enforcement and restore honesty and integrity at the DOJ and the FBI.

And she's gonna be working with Cash, and she's gonna be working with a lot of other people that you've been reading about, writing about over the last few weeks. The role of Attorney General comes with immense responsibility, but I have absolute confidence that Pam will fulfill her duties with honor, and courage, and strength, and fairness.

She's gonna be fair. She's gonna be very fair. And now, I'd like to invite Justice Thomas to administer the oath of office, and thank you all for being here. It's a great, it's a very important day, I believe, in our country's history. Thank you very much.

And before Pam says-- I just wanna introduce her very, very handsome husband.

I hate being around him. He looks too good. And he's been a tremendous factor with, uh, Pam and, uh, just a beautiful relationship. Who's here? And mother, look how good you look, huh?

Look how good. So I just wanted to introduce them and Pam, have fun. Please.

Thank you.

Yes.

Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

It was a great day.

Uh, everybody loves it, but this is just not the right time. But we'll maybe do something later. This is a very important, and in my opinion, solemn occasion.

So I don't think we want to talk about other, other subjects.

Well, I can just say very simply for me, overall, very simple, make America great again. That's what we're gonna do. We're gonna make America great again, and she's gonna take crime out of the system. As much as anybody can do that, she's gonna do it.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.