Well, thank you very much. We're going to be establishing a task force, a very important task force, White House, and that's on the FIFA World Cup of 2026, which as you know is a big event. It's going to be the biggest event I think, and Gianni, I think you're going to say a few words. Everybody knows this man on the right.

He's sort of the king of soccer, I guess, in a certain way. And he was the one that was able to give it to us and we're going to do a fantastic job and making you at home. So, I very much appreciate it. First time it's ever been in this part of the world and it's an honor. Thank you very much, Gianni.

That's great. I love what he said, like three Super Bowls a day for a month. That's what it is.

That's really amazing when you think of it. I've never heard that expressed. That's a lot. You know, when we made this, it was made during my term -- my first term. And it was so sad because I said, can you imagine, I'm not going to be president and that's too bad. And then what happened is they rigged the election, and I became president.

So, that was a good thing. That was a good thing. That was quite a quite an achievement for both of us. So, I'll be president during the World Cup -- and during the Olympics, which we were very instrumental in getting. And then of course we have our 250th birthday too. And of that I wasn't instrumental; that just happened to fall on the same time.

So, we have the three -- those three big events, you don't get very much bigger than that, the Olympics, the World Cup and number 250. And it's a great honor, but I appreciate your selecting us and we were selected a long time ago, though, during the term -- during my first term. And it's an honor to be with you, Gianni.

Been my friend for a long time.

He's a great gentleman. Ok, I'll sign this and that makes it official, right.

I think it will be better. I think I think it will be better.

What team is favored now if there's such a thing? I mean, do they have a team like so many of these great famous teams, what team seems to be favored?

They always seem to be there, those great teams.

It's going to be great.

Any questions for Gianni?

So, can the U.S. win?

He knows what to say. He knows.

So, there's a shot, right?

That's great. Well, we'll hold that up for you guys. Brian, did you have another question?

I'm just very happy to have done it. I mean, I didn't think this was going to happen. I said I'll be sitting there, but not as president. So, I was very honored. Actually, Gianni reminded me, he called me up very early on and he said you're going to be president during this whole thing after we won. So, it's a great honor for our country to have it actually, it's a big deal.

It's -- I don't know which is bigger, the Olympics or the World Cup. What is the story on that? Can I ask you that question?

We've got them both.

Oh, yeah, sure. I would like to -- I'd like to go to certainly more than one. We'll be making the rounds. It's a period of a month, and it's really top of the line. It's one of the great events, maybe one of the great events of anywhere in the world.

No clash. I was there. You're just a troublemaker. And you're not supposed to be asking that question because we're talking about the World Cup. Elon gets along great with Marco, and they're both doing a fantastic job. There is no clash.

Who are you with? Who are you with?

Oh, no wonder. That's enough. NBC --

Any other questions about the World Cup?

I'd love to do that.

Oh, wow!

Well, that is good -- whoa.

Oh, you got to be kidding.

Wow!

Wow, that's what was --  -- thank you.

That is something, huh?

That's beautiful.

I've never seen anything like that.

Yeah, yeah.

And this will be at the White House for a little while, so if anybody needs a picture or anything, you can take it. But this is --

Let's leave it here.

Let's do that. We'll leave it here. We'll have it in the White House quite a bit.

It travels a little bit also, but I appreciate it, that's good. And no, this can definitely stay, right ? Anyway. Thank you, Gianni, very much. Congratulations.

We're talking about FIFA. Thank you very much. About the World Cup, Mr. President, you're having --

-- and they're both great guys. And by the way, they both get along fantastically well. Marco has done unbelievably as Secretary of State and Elon is a very unique guy who's done a fantastic job.

Enough. Enough. It's FIFA. Is this a FIFA question?

Oh, I think it's going to make it more exciting. Tension is a good thing.

Yeah, I think so. I think it makes it much more exciting.

Oh, please come up.

Please. Gianni, do you want -- get them up. That's great.

I'll let Kristi answer that question.

Security.

We better be, right?

Thank you very much. Thank you. Oh, that's nice. I would give it to Kristi except it has my name on it.

That's beautiful. Thank you very much. Is that going to be the ball?

This will be what -- it will look like the ball when they play?

Wow, that's great.

That's great. Thank you very much, everybody. Gianni, thank you very much.