Thank you very much. You know this gentleman, one of the truly great legends of our time, in my book. Before we begin, I'd like to say a few words about the shooting at Fort Stewart in Georgia. As you know, five people were seriously wounded and two very, very seriously hurt around 11:00 this morning. The shooter is now in custody and the Army Criminal Investigation Division is on site to ensure that the perpetrator of this atrocity, which is exactly what it is, will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

The entire nation is praying for the victims and their families and hopefully they'll fully recover, and we can put this chapter behind.

But we're not going to forget what happened. We're going to take very good care of this person that did this horrible person. This afternoon, we're pleased to welcome to the White House one of the great and most esteemed business leaders and geniuses and innovators anywhere in the world, Apple CEO Tim Cook.

Amazing job. Thanks as well to Secretary of the Treasury Scott Bessent, and Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick for being here, wherever you may be. Oh, there you are. Hello fellas, I missed you. Today, Apple is announcing that it will invest $600 billion, that's with a B, in the United States over the next four years.

That's $100 billion more than they were originally going to invest, and this is the largest investment Apple has ever made in America and anywhere else and it's just an honor to have you. As you know, Apple's been an investor in other countries a little bit, I won't say which ones, but a couple, and they're coming home. $600 billion, it's the biggest there is. The company is also unveiling its ambitious new American manufacturing program, which will bring factories and assembly lines across our country, all roaring to life.

Areas that were not doing so well or doing very well. We have about $17 trillion coming into the United States, which is more than ever before. That's never even come close. There's never been anything like it. Even you, that's even a lot of money for you, but we have commitments of more than $17 trillion, that was as of a couple of weeks ago.

These investments will directly create more than 20,000 brand new American jobs and many thousands more at the Apple suppliers like Corning, Broadcom, Texas Instruments and Samsung who all deal in that world. As part of this historic commitment, Apple will massively increase spending on its domestic supply chain for the iPhone and will build the largest and most sophisticated smart glass production line in the world in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, which is a great actually.

I did very well there. I like it because I see I did very well there. I did very well in Kentucky, but it's a great place. You're going to be very happy. I thought maybe while we're up, I'll interrupt my own speech by -- you might show them a little bit about the product that you're going to be doing in Kentucky, Tim.

Yes, please.

That's good. He's done well.

Wow.

Thank you very much. Fantastic. The great people of Kentucky, you're going to find it a great place to do business, too. It's fantastic. Isn't that nice? We're doing these things now in the United States instead of other countries, faraway countries. This is a significant step toward the ultimate goal of ensuring that iPhones sold in the United States of America also are made in America.

With the mass infusion of capital it's announcing today, Apple will also build a 250,000 square foot server manufacturing facility in Houston and invest billions of dollars to construct data centers across the country from North Carolina to Iowa to Oregon. That's big stuff. Apple will also open state-of-the-art manufacture economy -- it's going to be a manufacturing academy in Detroit.

And that's a great place to do -- you know, big things are happening in Michigan and Detroit. They're coming in because of what we've done with the -- I call it the Great Big, Beautiful Bill. I added one word, Great. But we have probably the biggest, most comprehensive piece of legislation ever passed. It's going to mean unbelievable numbers of jobs and no jobs on -- think of this, whether it's tips or overtime or Social Security, no tax.

So, no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, no tax on overtime. And that's just a small bit of it. For Apple and other businesses, we're talking about the deductions and all of the things. And actually, for people that go out and buy a car, first time it's ever been done. We talk about deductions for companies, but they're going to be able to deduct interest when they borrow money to buy a car -- if it's made in America, it has to be made in America.

So, it is amazing. And one of the reasons I think I can say that Apple is coming here is the legislation we just passed with this kind of investment. Apple will also open other facilities, rare earth magnets from Texas and build -- oh, I love that you're doing this. I love that; I love that -- and build a brand-new rare-earth recycling line in Mountain Pass, California.

I know that area; that's where they have a lot of truly rare earth. That's fantastic. I love that. And Apple will help develop and manufacture semiconductors and semiconductor equipment in Texas, Utah, Arizona and New York. For years, Americans have watched as many of our leading tech giants built their factories overseas and exported American jobs abroad.

But under the Trump administration, we're doing everything possible to make this the best place on Earth to build a factory or grow businesses. I'm allowing them to build electric producing plants with their factory because otherwise they'd have to hook into the grid. And I think it's one of the biggest things we've done where you can build, Tim, your own electricity.

You become your own electric manufacturer and that goes along with the plan, so you become a utility. So, congratulations, now you're in the utility. I hope they don't value your company based on utility, but that's OK. You're going to be making your own electricity. And as you probably know for much of this and much of -- many of the things that we're doing, especially the AI -- they would need actually double the electricity that the country now produces for everything.

So, it's massive electric and they're going to be able to make their own and they're getting very fast approvals. Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job, including with a 100 percent expensing on the One Big, Beautiful Bill. In return, we're asking our businesses to invest in America and they're coming in at levels that we've never seen before.

So, I don't know when it shows up, but there are a lot of factories and a lot of plants that are either under construction or soon will be starting construction. So, can't tell you exactly when. But I want to be around in about a year from now and two years from now because we're going to see an explosion, I think, like this country has never seen before -- never.

Today's announcement is one of the largest commitments in what has become among the greatest investment booms in our nation's history. And we've got the hottest country anywhere in the world. You know, I told you the story that -- and Tim, I'll tell you -- but I went to the Middle East, and I was with Qatar, I was with UAE and the king of Saudi Arabia, all great leaders.

And then I went to NATO and saw many great leaders and we just finished that about four weeks ago. Everyone -- virtually everyone said in effect that we were a dead country one year ago, America -- this was a dead country. We were dying, we were dead. And now you've got the hottest country anywhere in the world.

This would have never happened except for certain people. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. NVIDIA is investing $500 billion to go along with Apple's $600 billion -- $600 billion. Micron, great company, is investing $200 billion. IBM is investing more than $150 billion. SoftBank is investing substantially more than $100 billion.

TSMC is investing $200 billion. Johnson and Johnson $55 billion. Merck, Stellantis and General Motors are putting many, many billions in. They haven't determined the final number, and many other countries are investing tens of billions of dollars. And I'm not going to give you the whole list because the list is too long to read, but it's hundreds of billions and even trillions.

I mean, it's trillions of dollars being invested right now. Last week it was announced that our economy grew at 3 percent in the second quarter and consumer confidence is surging. Blue collar wages are rising rapidly; costs are way down. You know, I listen to these horrendous frauds on CNN and various other fake news networks, and they say costs are up. No, no costs are down.

Gasoline is down; it's going to soon, I believe, be less than $2 a gallon. It's around $2.40 right now, many places other than in California where they tax you out of business, but ah and a couple of others.

But gasoline is way down. The price of groceries are down. How about eggs? When I first came here, my first week, the press hit me very hard on eggs. Eggs had quadrupled or something I said, I didn't know about it. Give me a chance, I've just been here for four days. Well, eggs are down. Everything's down.

Price is down. The only thing that's up is stock prices. That's really up and that's through the roof. The stock market has been hitting all-time records, all-time highs. Last week, it was announced that our economy grew at levels that we haven't seen in a long time, but the real levels of growth are going to be judged in a year from now when you start seeing some of these incredible plans, because we have car plants opening.

They're coming in from Canada, from Mexico and from all over the world and they're coming in because they like the way the election worked out, but they also like the fact that they don't want to pay tariffs. And the tariffs I think will be taken -- well, we're taking in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.

I won't be so specific other than to say, because we don't even know what the final number is. We just made a deal, as you know, with the EU, where they're paying hundreds of billions of dollars. Japan paying hundreds of billions of dollars and numerous other countries paying hundreds of billions of dollars.

And we're not even completed there. And as you know, they found $25 billion. Three weeks ago, they said we have a surplus of $25 billion and they said, where did this come from? I said, check the tariffs and they checked. They said, you're right, that's where it came from. And we've really just started. This is just in its infancy.

So we have a great country. We have a country that is going to be very rich. It's a country that we're very proud of, but it's going to be very rich and it's companies like Apple that they're coming home. They're all coming home. And we want them to come home. They have to come home. We're going to treat them really well.

We're going to be putting a very large tariff on chips and semiconductors. But the good news for companies like Apple, is if you're building in the United States or have committed to build, without question committed to build in the United States, there will be no charge. In other words, we're not going to be charging.

So a lot of countries, a lot of companies are leaving various other places and they're coming to the United States. So in other words, we'll be putting a tariff on of approximately 100 percent on chips and semiconductors. But if you're building in the United States of America, there's no charge. Even though you're building and you're not producing yet in terms of the big numbers of jobs and all of the things that you're building, if you're building, there will be no charge.

So I just want everyone to know that. And I didn't even tell you that inside. We discussed the concept, but I didn't. So it's a big factor. So 100 percent tariff on all chips and semiconductors coming into the United States. But if you've made a commitment to build or if you're in the process of building, as many are, there is no tariff.

OK? If for some reason you say you're building and you don't build, then we go back and get -- we add it up. It accumulates and we charge you at a later date. You have to pay, and that's a guarantee. So that's a big statement. And I think the chip companies are all coming back home. They're all coming back.

You know, we started with Intel and gradually, Intel was just taken over the -- over the coals. They were taken to the cleaners, frankly, and moved to other places, in particular Taiwan. But I think a lot of those, a lot of those companies are coming back and they're coming back very rapidly. So that's a big statement, 100 percent tariff.

I want to thank you very much. Tim, would you like to say a few words about your company, please?

Thank you, Tim. Great honor.

Thank you very much, appreciate it. What a job he's done, what a job. Incredible. I want to thank you very much and thank you JD, for helping along. Good job. Really good job. Any questions, please?

Yes.

Right.

Thank you very much. It changes our country. I mean, our country is a very different country than it was six months ago. And people like Tim are coming. We had Micron in yesterday. We had all of the big, great companies that you read about. You don't know about, but you read about. Many of them were making products outside of our country.

Foolishly, we lost them. If we had the right person sitting in that seat, that would have never happened 20 or 30 years ago. When you look at the chip business, it would have never left our shores. We had 100 percent of chips originally and then we slowly got taken down to nothing. We have the biggest chip companies, both of them, but we have the biggest in the world coming in.

They're going to Arizona and beyond. And we're going to have in a short period of time, we'll be up to almost 50 percent of the chips from starting in nothing and that's something. But we have the greatest companies in the world coming into our country and that means jobs. And it means wealth and wealth means security for our people.

OK? Brian.

Thank you.

Well, we do have a lot of workers, and we have a lot of workers that hadn't been looking for work because they were disincentivized, frankly. And people like Tim have tremendous schools and training centers that they build along with a lot of their big plants where they train people on whether it's glass like in Kentucky or computers or whatever they might be doing.

It's a complex world and they train people, and they do a great job. So, it's a whole new workforce. Now we have a lot of them in energy because, you know, they've always liked energy. As you know, coal has opened up and opened up big. We brought it back and brought it back in a very large way. You know, China is right now building 58 coal fired plants, 58 big ones and here we were saying we don't take coal.

We have more coal than anybody else in the world. We have more oil and gas than anybody else in the world. But we have tremendous energy jobs and the energy -- as you know, we're booming with energy and that's why the gasoline prices are down. Costs are down. I just hope when they watch these shows -- I watch this -- I won't use names because I just make them better known.

Nobody knows who they are, but I watched this group of people on uh on CNN and MSDNC too, the same thing, where they say, well costs have gone up. Costs haven't gone up, they've gone down. I'm telling you, the thing that's gone up is stock, stock prices and success of our country. Our country is really, really doing well, successful.

Yes, ma'am.

Well, there's a very good prospect that they will and we haven't determined where. But we had some very good talks with President Putin today. And there's a very good chance that we could be ending the -- ending the round, ending the end of that road. The road was long and continues to be long, but there's a good chance that there will be a meeting very soon.

Excuse me.

Well, I don't -- look, I don't want to say. I've been disappointed before with this one. You know, we've solved five wars plus add to that Iran where we wiped out their nuclear capacity for weapons. They would have had a weapon within two months, maybe less and that was totally obliterated. It turned out it was a total obliteration and the pilots and the people that did that job are really -- we have the greatest -- we have the greatest armed forces in the world.

But that was really something. In fact, there's a model of the plane right there. You've got to bring that up, Susie, we have to see that. Look at this, this was just given to me. You know, we ordered brand new B-2 bombers. This is a plane that over a period of 36 hours of constant flying, look at this. So, this is the brand new one they just ordered, similar but actually quite different.

It's new and enhanced. It's an amazing machine. It went 36 hours. We had 52 tankers up in the air loading up our planes because this was surrounded by F-22s and F-35s and it was flawless, Tim. Even you would say it was flawless. And every one of those bombs hit their target. And then we had Tomahawks shot in from a submarine 300 miles away and they hit -- every single Tomahawk hit its target.

It was amazing and that was a big threat. That was a nuclear threat and here's the new one that we just ordered a large number of them.

I don't call it a breakthrough. I mean we've been working on this a long time. There are thousands of young people dying, mostly soldiers, but also, you know, missiles being hit into Kiev and other places. But in terms of soldiers, I think Russia has lost over 20,000 since the beginning of the year -- 20,000. And I guess the estimate for Ukraine is about 9,000. It's a terrible situation.

We want to get it stopped. You know, we don't have American soldiers there, but I feel I have an obligation to get it stopped. This was not my war. This war would have never started, not even a chance, and it didn't start for four years. It went four years, and it didn't start. But this is Biden's war. This was on his watch.

And you know, it's funny, we had -- no land was taken from Trump. It was taken from Bush, it was taken from Biden, the whole thing they would take from Biden if it weren't for us. But it was -- and it was taken by Obama. Take a look at what was taken with all of the land that was taken, nothing was taken by Russia from us, not one ounce of land was taken.

I'm here to get the thing over with. It would have never started if I were president and we're here to get it stopped and get the death stopped. Yeah, please.

Can't answer the question yet. I'll tell you in a matter of weeks, maybe less. But we've made a lot of progress. And as you know, we put a 50 percent tariff on India on oil, they're the second largest. They're very close to China in terms of the purchase of oil from Russia, but -- so I don't know if that had anything to do with it, but we've had very productive talks today.

Yes, ma'am.

We're considering it, yeah, because the crime is ridiculous. I could show you a chart comparing DC to other locations and you're not going to want to see what it looks like. It was just up on television actually; they were showing it. Now, we want to have a great, safe capitol and we're going to have it, and that includes cleanliness, and it includes other things.

We have a capital that's very unsafe. You know, we just almost lost a young man, beautiful handsome guy that got the hell knocked out of him the night before last. And I'm going to call him now. We wanted to give him a little recovery time. We just put a call in to him, they're calling back in a little while.

But he went through a bad situation to put it mildly, and there's too much of it. We're going to do something about it, so whether you call it federalize or what? And that also includes the graffiti that you see, the papers all over the place, the roads that are in bad shape, the medians that are falling down, the median in between roads that's falling down.

We're going to beautify the city. We're going to make it beautiful. And what a shame, the rate of crime, the rate of muggings, killings and everything else. We're not going to let it. And that includes bringing in the National Guard maybe very quickly, too.

We're going to look at that. In fact, the lawyers are already studying it. We have to run DC. This has to be the best run place in the country, not the worst run place in the country. And it has so much potential and we're going to take care of it. You're going to be safe; you're going to be safe walking down streets.

You're not going to get mugged.

Well, we'll determine that later, but right now they're paying a 50 percent tariff, OK? Yeah, please.

Yeah, please. Sure.

He makes many of the components here and we've been talking about it and the whole thing is set up in other places and it's been there for a long time. So, in terms of cost and all, but I think we may incentivize them enough that one day he'll be bringing that, but he brings most of the stuff. Look, he's not making this kind of an investment anywhere in the world, not even close.

He's coming back. I mean Apple's coming back to America. Thank you.

Let me -- let me go, please.

It's OK. It's OK. Yeah.

It's only been eight hours, so let's see what happens over the next --

You're going to see a lot more.

You're going to see a lot more. You're going to see so much -- secondary sanctions. Yes, ma'am.

Right.

Research on what?

Yeah. Research on what?

Well, we're going to look at that. We're talking about it and they're doing a very good job. And you know, that is a past. Operation Warp Speed was, whether you're Republican or Democrat, considered one of the most incredible things ever done in this country. The efficiency, the way it was done, the distribution, everything about it was -- has been amazing.

But you know, that was now a long time ago and we're on to other things, but we are speaking about it. We have meetings about it in -- tomorrow, actually, tomorrow at 12:00, and we'll determine. We're looking for other answers to other problems, to other sicknesses and diseases and I think we're doing really well.

Yes, ma'am. Please.

Well, we have stopped wars in the Middle East by stopping Iran from having a nuclear weapon. And they are there -- you know, they can say they're going to start all over again, but that's a very dangerous thing for them to do because we'll be back. As soon as they start, we'll be back. And I think they understand that.

They're just words. But no. We've stopped a lot of wars in the Middle East. If you think about what we did with Iran, Iran was the perpetrator of hate, a very evil place, and I think it's going to be a lot different in the coming years.

Could happen, could happen. It depends on how we do, could happen. Brian.

Well, it hasn't worked and it hasn't worked really for a long time. And I would say pretty much from the beginning. Colbert has no talent. I mean, I could take anybody here, I could go outside in the beautiful streets and pick up a couple of people that do just as well or better. They'd get higher ratings than he did.

He's got no talent. Fallon has no talent. Kimmel has no talent. They're next. They're going to be going. I hear they're going to be going. I don't know, but I would imagine because they get -- Colbert has better ratings than Kimmel or Fallon. You know that. Howard Stern, it's a name I haven't heard. I used to do a show, used to have fun, but I haven't heard that name in a long time.

What happened? He got terminated.

You know when he went down?

You know when he went down? No, before, when he endorsed Hillary Clinton. He lost his audience.

People said, give me a break. He went down when he endorsed Hillary Clinton.

Yeah, we've started the interviewing process. Scott and I and Howard, a lot of people, JD. We're all -- we have some great candidates. It's probably down to three. He doesn't want the job. He said, I like -- do you like this job better?

I mean, he's a candidate, but he -- I don't think he'll take it. I don't -- I really don't think he'd take it, actually.

Yeah, essentially, we're all from Wall Street, aren't we? You know, when you get right down to it, the term Wall Street.

Yeah, please.

Well, I think the growth is going to be unprecedented. I think we're going to have growth that's unbelievable. Now remember, we're building and just starting to build. A lot of these incredible plants, we talked about the electric facilities that we're building, the generating plants. Electric generating plants are massive and they're going to be great.

And they're going to sell excess electricity into our grid, so we're going to be having much more electricity than we ever had. And those plants are going to be taken care of individually. I know Tim is building one in one of his big factories, but especially for AI because it needs so much electricity. So, I appreciate the question very much and I think the growth is going to be unprecedented.

I haven't. No, I haven't.

No, I haven't. I have not.

I know Todd is a very respected person all over the country, all over the world legally. So I don't know.

Yeah, please go ahead.

We're probably going to go with a temp and then a permanent, I think. So the temp is going to be named, I'd say over the next two or three days and then we're going to go permanent.

Well, the two Kevins? The two Kevins are absolutely, yeah, they're both very good. The two Kevins, very good.

Is he working on what?

I don't know. I could ask you that question. I don't know of it, but I think I -- here's the man right here.

Look, the whole thing is a hoax. It's put out by the Democrats because we've had the most successful six months in the history of our country and that's just a way of trying to divert attention to something that's total bullshit. OK? Yeah, please.

I don't know the poll is accurate. I think he's a good person. I think he had a bad moment, really bad moment, but he's a good person. I believe that.

Yeah.

It may happen. I mean, I don't know. I can't tell you yet, but we did it with -- we did it with India. We're doing it probably with a couple of others. One of them could be China. Yes.

Yeah, we're pretty much getting close to it right now. But we're having very serious talks right now about getting out of Ukraine, getting it settled, getting it ended. Should have never started, would have never started. If I were president, it would have never started. I want to thank Tim Cook, he's a great, great man, a visionary, a businessman, just about every quality you can have other than athleticism.

I don't know about that. I'm looking at him. I'm not -- I'm not 100 percent sure. But are you a good athlete? I bet you're pretty good. I think he's good at everything, but I want to thank you very much, Tim.

Congratulations. Thank you all very much.