Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the President of Uzbekistan. He's highly respected, been there for a long time, many years, right? About like 15 or 16. That's a long time. And the only reason you can be at a country that long is when you're very smart and very competent. So, I just want to thank you very much for being with us. You know, he made a big purchase of a lot of different American products.

Different -- they've got plenty of money. They've got plenty of oil and plenty of money. Oil usually goes along with the money, but they've done very well as a country, and he has been a really great leader and it's an honor to be with you again. Thank you very much.

Please.

Well, thank you very much. And you know, the president is speaking in about five minutes. He's supposed to be up there, and I want to watch him. But the president is speaking in approximately five minutes. So, maybe we'll take a little quick question if you'd like and we'll do one nice and fast. But it's been a real honor to be with you.

And then I want you to rush out and make a great speech.

Well, I'm very appreciative of the justice that was given and the way it was handled by Pam Bondi and Todd Blanche and everybody that has been -- and their team of people. It was really well handled and it's very important, you can't let things like that happen. Nothing to do with me, but a president or even a person, you can't allow that to happen.

And so, justice was served and we'll see what happens. But I very much appreciate the judge and jury and everybody on that. It was so professionally handled. And it's a great honor, great honor.

I am.

It's going to be a big meeting. It's a very important meeting, but right now I have an important meeting too because he purchased billions of dollars' worth of our equipment. And we do make the best equipment in the world. So, we're going to make sure it's perfect for you.

Well, we are -- we're talking about a couple of very big ones. He's already done some big ones today, over the last few days. But we're going to have a very good -- we've had a good relationship, and he and I have met before. And the relationship is really great. He's a highly respected man and leader.

Let me see. Oh.

$105 billion. That's not bad. That's worth a five minute meeting, right? You agree?

Look at all the nice -- look, tractors, all sorts, $105 billion, wow. In 2018 through 2024, he did $19.4 billion, and now he's doing $105 billion worth of purchases. It's really a great honor. You know, I met him thinking it was less.

Anything over $1 billion I do -- so when you go $105 billion, I'll meet him 15 or 20 times. That's really great. You go up and make your great speech. It's a great honor. You're a great man.

I love that. Well, I'm going to think about doing that.

Really run a great operation, a great group of people, very smart country and they've done really well and I appreciate your purchase from America. Thank you. We'll be there for you. Thank you very much, please.