We've had some exciting days in the last week, I would say, mostly good. Some of the things you're reading about in Los Angeles, thank goodness, we sent out some wonderful National Guard. They've really helped and a lot of problems that we're having out there. They were afraid to do anything and we sent out the troops and they've done a fantastic job.

So I want to thank them very much. I also want to thank you for being here as we discuss one of the most exciting parts of the one big, beautiful bill. It is indeed a big, beautiful bill and it's doing very well. The Trump accounts, as they call it, pilot program, which will make it possible for countless American children to have a strong start in life at no cost to the American taxpayer, absolutely no cost, it's going to have a huge impact.

I want to thank House speaker, Mike Johnson for number one being a great speaker and number two, perhaps slightly less important, for being here today. Thank you, Mike, along with Chairman Jason Smith, who's fantastic; and Representative French Hill, August Pfluger, Blake Moore, Rob Bresnahan and Frank Lucas.

Thank you all, fellas. Thank you very much. We appreciate it very much. Thanks as well to many top business leaders from Invest America CEO Council. It's been a wonderful council. They've come up with some fantastic ideas. We're putting them into use. They're really the greatest business minds we have today.

These men and women lead large, successful companies and they're committed to contributing millions of dollars to the Trump account. And it's going to be something incredible for children and for their employees, in many cases. Here is how the accounts work. For every US citizen born after December 31st, 2024, before January 1st, 2029 the federal government will make a one-time contribution of $1,000 into a tax deferred account that will track the overall stock market.

In other words, it will be pegged to an index that we'll pick. Right, Michael? We'll pick it. We'll pick a good one. Maybe you should be the index. I'd like to have that. These kids would be very wealthy if that were the case. That would be a good idea. I think we might do that, Michael Dell. These accounts will be private property controlled by the child's guardians and in many cases those guardians will be the parents.

We think probably the parents will be the guardians. They'll be open for additional private contributions each year from family, friends, parents, employers, churches, private foundations and more. This is a pro-family initiative that will help millions of Americans harness the strength of our economy to lift up the next generation.

And they'll really be getting a big jump on life, especially if we get a little bit lucky with some of the numbers and the economies into the future. In addition to the substantial financial benefits of investing early in life, extensive research shows that children with savings accounts are more likely to graduate high school and college, buy a home, start a business and are less likely to be incarcerated.

Trump accounts will contribute to the lifelong success of millions of newborn babies. They are fully, and this will be very interesting I think for everybody to hear, they are fully funded through targeted reforms in the one big, beautiful bill like the $1.7 trillion in mandatory savings, welfare reforms to stop waste and fraud, a 3.5 percent remittance tax and more and it's just a part of that.

The one big, beautiful bill is among the most important pieces of legislation in our country's history. I don't think there's ever been anything bigger and I think it's going to go down as certainly one of the most important things we'll ever have done. In addition to the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, including the most powerful border security measures ever, it delivers major economic relief to the American workers, families.

And there are so many things, rebuilding our military, we built it just eight years ago, we started and did a great job, but now we have to rebuild it again. Plus technology changed. All of a sudden, it's about drone. You know, we have a new form of warfare, it's drone warfare, so a lot of things change.

We did a great job with the military, but now we're going to have to do some little tweaks, to put it mildly. And we'll be doing that and we have it all nicely funded. I look forward to signing this into law. It's really something that we're having such an opportunity. And I have to say he's here with us. He's a person that I've admired for a long time.

If you take a look at what he's done and followed his record and it's Dell Chairman, Michael Dell. He's done such an incredible job as a business person. I study business people and that's a perfect one to study. It should be almost mandatory reading. So I want to congratulate you on that and thank you for the idea because you're the first one that really brought this to my attention.

I know that you and your friends have been talking about it for a long time. But other presidents didn't get it done, Michael, right? So, we got it done. Congratulations.

That's right. Thank you very much.

Good. And also, we have with us a very powerful man in the world of business, CEO David Solomon of Goldman Sachs. David, thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Uber CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi. Where is Khosrowshahi?

Where? Thank you very much. That's a hell of a name, but you've done a hell of a job. So, it's appropriate. And also again, Chairman Smith for doing such a job. Nobody knows taxes better than Chairman Smith. When we have a problem, Mike, we go to see Chairman Smith, right? So, I want to thank you very much, Dara and Chairman Smith, I appreciate it. So, I'd like to begin by asking Speaker Johnson to say a few words.

And I think then we're going to go to Michael Dell, David Solomon, we're going to go to Dara and then to Chairman Smith. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. That's a beautiful statement. I like him too  Thank you.

Thank you very much, Mike. I appreciate it and, again, for a great job. Thank you very much. Michael, please.

Thank you very much, Michael. We really have come a long way since you came to see me about six months ago with your beautiful wife. We had a nice talk. I said that sounds pretty good, let's think about that. And everybody I've spoken to about it, they can't even believe it. And because of great politicians and political leaders like we have, I think this is going to go quickly -- very well and very quickly.

So, I appreciate it. Thank you very much. David Solomon, please.

Thank you very much, David. Dara, please. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Right? What a great job. You know, when you think, we're doing a lot of work on Iran right now and I see that what you just said, you came here and they took it all away from you and you started and you've become one of the biggest anywhere in the world. What a great story that is.

Congratulations.

Thank you very D -- we'll need it. We're going to need it for that.

It's a tough -- they're great negotiators, among the best, look at you. Thank you very much.

Appreciate it, Dara. Jason, please.

Well, thank you very much, Jason, and hopefully we're going to get that through and we have a certain date picked out, an ideal date. It takes a little longer, that's OK. But ideally, we're going to get by a certain date. And again, I think it's one of the most important pieces of legislation we've ever had before us and that the country has ever had.

I'd like to ask, if I might, Brad Gerstner, one of the most successful people in our country, a friend of Michael very much and Michael has great respect. And if you don't mind, Brad, I'd like you to say a few words, please. Thank you.

Where is Lincoln? He's good looking guy. He's much better looking than you. What happened?

Right. I think so.

Thank you very much, Brad. Great job and nobody knew I was going to call you. He might have done the best job of the group. I've got to think about that. Good recommendation, Michael. Does anybody have any questions? I think it's something that's really got to be talked about because it's somewhat of a miracle that we're close to pulling it off.

Please.

And really, we have tremendous spirit. I've never seen anything like it. There's just an unbelievable -- we'll always have a couple of people. I don't want to use the word grandstanders. I never used such a word, but you'll always have that a little bit. But maybe you won't even have that, who knows? There's tremendous spirit for this bill, I think we haven't seen very much, Jason, right?

We haven't seen too much. So, I think it's going to go pretty quickly.

Very well. Yeah, we discussed a lot of things, and it went very well, very smooth. We'll see what happens. You know, we're trying to do something with a country we just spoke about, Iran. I think you should negotiate this; you might be better. I think I'm going to send you to -- what a good idea. This could have been the idea of the day.

We'll have Dara get up and negotiate. They are good negotiators, but they're tough. Sometimes they can be too tough, that's the problem. So, we're trying to make a deal so that there's no destruction and death. And we've told them that and I've told them that, and I hope that's the way it works out. But it might not work out that way.

We'll soon find out. Yeah, please.

Well, the biggest change from that statement is we have an incompetent governor, so I talked about governors, but I didn't talk about -- he's an incompetent governor. Look at the job he's doing in California. He's destroying one of our great states. And if I didn't get involved, if we didn't bring the guard in -- and we would bring more in if we needed it, because we have to make sure there's going to be law and order.

You had a disaster happening and they now admit it was a disaster. I watched the chief yesterday, who's a good man by the way, and he said, wow, we're lucky we did this, because they would have -- they were overwhelmed. You saw what was happening. So, we did the right thing, everybody agrees to that. But you have a governor who let the city burn down, didn't want water to be sent down to him.

And I sent billions of gallons of water, I said I wanted to do it in the first term. He wouldn't do it over -- I don't know, they have environmental reasons, but there were no environmental reasons. I think it's just a political philosophy. But it's lucky for the people in Los Angeles and in California that we did what we did.

We got it just in time. It's still simmering a little bit, but not very much. Yeah, please.

What crime has he committed? I think is primary crime is running for governor because he's done such a bad job. What he's done to that state is like what Biden did to this country. And that's pretty bad. It's the wrong philosophy. Thousands -- hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants, many of them prisoners, are taking up your health care.

They're taking up your space in schools, they're taking up your hospital and, in many cases, they're criminals. And we have to do something about it and we're doing something about it. I want to thank the incredible patriots of ICE and Tom Homan, who has been incredible. And Kristi Noem, likewise, incredible.

The job they're doing -- and it's like an unforced error. There was no reason for this. 21 million people were allowed into our country. And many of those people were criminals. And it's a shame, it's a shame, but we're getting them out. And I will say, I think it's a 95 to 5 issue, just like so many other issues, 95:5. And the Democrats lost an election in a landslide because they were on the wrong side of the issues.

I mean, it's not even conceivable that somebody would do the kind of things that he did. And then you talk about projects, they want to build a train going from San Francisco to LA and it's costing hundreds of billions of dollars more than they thought it was going to cost. It's not even believable. To Brad and to people sitting here, would you believe that a train -- it was going to cost X dollars and it might be 100 times X.

You're right.

We could have put Lincoln in charge with no experience. He would have done a good job. I guarantee you that. All right, please, Peter?

Yeah, Peter. Peter, go.

I do, yeah.

Well, in my case, it was a witch hunt, and everybody knew it. And I was able to explain that during the process otherwise I wouldn't be sitting here right now. And it was a total witch hunt. It's proven to be a witch hunt, and you see what's happened. In his case, it really is very obvious. You look at what's happened between the fires, between -- I could name 10 things right now.

We talk about the trains, we talk about all of the costs in California. You talk about all of the people that are flowing in, destroying life for everyone else. So no, I don't think it's going to help him. I think it's actually very bad for him.

Well, you know, it's interesting. You watch the same clips as I did, cars burning all over the place, people rioting -- and by the way, we stopped it. We were able to make it much better, but it still looked pretty bad. And in watching clips last night, people were saying this is really a big problem. And until we went in, if we didn't do the job, that place would be burning down just like the houses burned down.

They were in big trouble last night, Peter, you know it, and the night before, and the night before that. And I feel we had no choice. I don't want to see -- I don't want to see happen what happened so many times in this country. I watched Minneapolis burn; I watched -- look at what happened in so many different parts of California.

You take a look at what happened in San Diego. There are so many different places where we let it burn. We wanted to be politically correct. We wanted to be nice. We wanted to be nice to the criminal. And what you're doing is destroying the fabric of our life in this country. No, we did the right thing. We've been given credit by people that I would least suspect.

I would say that some of the people that came in and said, thank goodness, they said, some of them, thank God that Trump got involved. And I'm very happy I got involved. And I think Gavin in his own way is probably happy I got involved. Yeah, go ahead, Peter.

No, it's just the opposite. I don't want a civil war. Civil war would happen if you left it -- if you left it to people like him -- and I like him. You know, I always got along with him, never had a problem with him, but he's grossly incompetent. OK.

What? Louder.

We are doing well with China. China is not easy, just like your home country is not easy there. I think we're doing very well. They're over there now. I'm only getting good reports. It's a little early, but they'll be calling in soon. In fact, probably when I get back, I'll have my first call from them. We want to open up China, and if we don't open up China, maybe we won't do anything, but we want to open up China.

It will be a great thing for China, a great thing for the rest of the world.

We're going to see; we're going to see. Look, China has been ripping off the United States for many years. Nobody charged them $0.10. No president had the courage to charge China; for whatever reason they didn't want to do it. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. I put on tariffs on China when I got in first term and we took in hundreds of billions of dollars.

And then I did it again, but I did it for a lot of others. You look at the stats, the deficit last month was cut in half, everybody was shocked. I wasn't shocked. I think a lot of the people at this table weren't because they saw the billions of dollars that were pouring in, and the tariffs hadn't even started yet just about, there weren't cars.

They were in some countries at a very minor level. And we cut the deficit in half and it was a big story. A couple of days ago they said, I don't believe one of the announcers on a business network went wild and said I can't believe these numbers. Those numbers are good. The numbers are going to be very good.

I think we're going to have a great four years. You know, we had the greatest economy in history during my four years. I think this one is going to blow it away. Yeah, please.

Go ahead, please.

No, she's a strange person. She's a young, angry person. I don't know if it's real anger. It's hard to believe, actually. But I saw what happened. She's certainly different. Anger management. I think she has to go to an anger management class. That's my primary recommendation for her.

I think Israel has enough problems without kidnaping Greta Thunberg.

Is that what she said, she was kidnaped by Israel?

No, I haven't heard that. I mean, I may move the Tesla around a little bit, but I don't think we'll be doing that with Starlink. It's a good service.

I have a lot of locations.

I got so many locations, I don't know what to do with them all.

No, I didn't.

They did have an argument, but I didn't see a lot of physicality there.

I really don't know. I don't think so. I hope not. Look, I wish him well. You understand. We had a good relationship and I just wish him well, very well, actually. Yeah.

Yeah. Gaza, right now is in the midst of a massive negotiation between us and Hamas, and Israel and Iran, actually, is involved, and we'll see what's going to happen with Gaza. We want to get the hostages back. That's all I can tell you. Yeah, please, in the back.

You're talking about in L.A.?

I wouldn't call it an insurrection, but it could have led to an insurrection. I mean that was a serious -- that was a lot of harm that was going on last night. I watched it very closely and it was amazing the job that the National Guard did. And by the way, the police were working very hard also. But the police are given instructions to be politically correct.

I said, no, no, you don't have to be politically correct, you have to do the job.

Which one?

I haven't really thought about it, actually. I would imagine he wants to speak to me. I would think so. If I were him, I'd want to speak to me, but -- and maybe he has already called. You'd have to ask him. Ask him whether or not he's already called, but I'd have no problem with it.

Well, I don't want to say that, but I would imagine he'd want to talk to me.

Yeah, please.

We have a meeting on Thursday. We have a meeting with Iran on Thursday, so we're going to wait till Thursday for that proposal.

Well, they're just asking for things that you can't do. They don't want to give up what they have to give up. You know what that is. They seek enrichment. We can't have enrichment. We want just the opposite. And so far, they're not there. I hate to say that because the alternative is a very, very dire one.

But they're not there, they have given us their thoughts on the deal and I said, it's just not acceptable.

I would say, yeah. I don't know what else I can talk about, the weather.

Pretty much, pretty much that's the main topic. Yeah.

We talked about Lebanon also. Yeah, we did.

Well, Lebanon is working very hard. They have a great new ambassador that I put there, a man I know very well. He's very smart. I didn't even know he was Lebanese and I said, why would you want Lebanon? He said I was born there, I love it. I love the people. I said, you know, it's very dangerous going to Lebanon.

There are some ambassadorships that are wonderful. There are some that are dangerous. I said Michel, his name is, it's a he, Michel, very elegant man. And I said, why would you want this? And he said, because I love my country and I love those people. I said, it's very dangerous. He goes, I don't care. This is not a man that lived on danger.

He's a very successful man from here and he wanted to be the ambassador despite probably a very dangerous situation he's going into. You see what's going on. But I had great respect for that. He loves that country. He loves it. He was born there. He loves the country. Yeah. Please.

We do.

It's such a -- thank you, Brian. It's such a, I think, important moment for this country. Two weeks ago, I was calling people and back and forth with leaders, including President Putin, including French president, including lots of different people. And all of them said, we're celebrating victory in World War II. And I said, well, isn't that amazing?

We're the only one that wasn't celebrating and we're the one that won the war. Now, Russia did help. They did lose 51 million people, in all fairness. People would say, oh, he's sticking up for Russia. No, they lost 51 million people and we can't forget that. But France was celebrating. And as you know, Hitler made a speech at the Eiffel Tower.

But when I spoke to President Macron, he said, oh, we are celebrating the great victory of World War II. And I think that's great that he was doing it. But we're the one that won it and we weren't celebrating. I said to myself, isn't that crazy? And I think it's time for us to celebrate a little bit. We've had a lot of victories.

We won two World wars and then we go out and change the name of the forts where we won the wars. You go out -- we win world wars from Fort Robert E. Lee, from Fort Bragg from all the different forts and what do we do, we change the name of the forts because we want to be politically correct. So a lot of them, we're changing back.

You probably noticed, Fort Bragg and others. But I think it's a time to celebrate our military. We've rebuilt our military largely, a little low on ammunition. That's because it goes out very fast to other countries, one in particular, but we'll get that back very quickly. But we have a military, the likes of which nobody has.

Nobody comes close. We have the best equipment in the world. We make the best equipment in the world. There's no military like our military. We showed that with ISIS. I was told by the television generals it would take four years to win and we did it in three weeks. And it was headed by General Raisin Cain, who's now the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

He's great, just left him. No, I think it's time that we celebrate. And I sort of have to laugh at these people. Well, you know, you're going to spend a lot of money, a lot of that money is being paid for by me and people that make donations. I don't know if you know that. A lot of it won't even come out of the military.

I think I can say that Susie, right? We have people putting up money to do it. Not that it's necessary because I think it's a great expenditure. We have many tanks. We have all sorts of new ones and very old ones, old from World War I and World War II. It's really a celebration of the army. So the army is a year older than the country.

So next year, we celebrate 250 years, but we're celebrating the army on Flag Day and it's not my birthday, it is my birthday, but I'm not celebrating my birthday. I'm celebrating Flag Day. It happens to be the same day, so I take a little heat. But Flag Day is the appropriate date and we're celebrating 250 years of the Army, a great service.

And remember, think of it, we won so much. We won World War I, World War II, so much else and then we became politically correct. But I can only tell you that I was told that ISIS would take anywhere from four to five years, and we did it in three weeks. You were there, you watched, right? We have the greatest military in the world.

Nobody can beat us. As long as we have our right leadership, nobody can beat us if we have stupid people running it like you had in Afghanistan. When you look at that, first of all, Afghanistan should have been an easy victory as a war. But we were so -- so sad the way we fought it, so ridiculous. We fight not to win, but we didn't used to be that way.

And we're celebrating because I think the day in Afghanistan was the saddest period of time in the history of our country. That was a Biden mess with bad generals like Milley and others. They were bad. They were incompetent generals. I know all the good ones and the bad ones. We got rid of most of the bad ones, but it was time to celebrate and that's what we're doing.

So it's on June 14th and it's going to be a parade the likes of which I don't know if we've ever had a parade like that. It's going to be incredible. We have , even though it's the army, we have a lot of those army airplanes flying over the top and we have tanks all over the place. And we have thousands and thousands of soldiers going to bravely march down the streets.

It's going to be a beautiful day, I think. And we're going to celebrate our country.

I don't think he is. I mean, I think he's done a terrible job. And you know he's a guy -- I always got along with him. You look at his past statements about me: I was a great president; I always took care of California; you know, all that. But I'm just talking on results. Look, he has the advantage of beautiful weather, maybe the best weather of any state when you think about it, beautiful weather, beautiful ocean, beautiful everything.

You have all the advantages, and he didn't take advantage of that. And he's let people come in by the millions who are overrunning your hospitals, your education system and your police. Your police are being overrun, look at what's happened. He should only be happy I sent in the military because, if I didn't send them in, you would have had a problem there the likes of which we haven't seen in a long time.

Yeah, please. Thank you, Brian, very much.

Supersonic flight.

Oh, well, I don't care too much about that, but I would like to see -- you know, if you think about it, flight, the word flight is an interesting word. But it's probably the only category where we've actually gone backwards because we used to have the Concorde and we could fly to London, Brad, very quickly and nicely.

And today it takes you two times and three times as long. It's the only thing we've regressed. And by the way, the Concorde, to my way of thinking, to this day, Michael -- because you're very much into esthetics, I know -- but to this day was one of the most beautiful pieces of art I've ever seen. It was a piece of art.

The beauty of the Concorde; it was the most beautiful plane, but it was -- it got you there in half the time. Now you spend a lot of time and there's no reason for it. Because they have the sonic boom. It's not a huge problem, but they have the sonic boom thing pretty well figured out. The technology changes, the change in the skin, the change in weight, all the other things, there's no reason why we shouldn't do great.

So, we are making it possible for them to do supersonic and get us back on the track. I mean, we've -- think of it, 30 years ago, we actually had planes that flew much faster than we do now. It took you half the time to get to a location. So, we've regressed and we're going to progress. Sort of an amazing, amazing thing, isn't it though?

We've gone backwards. On Wall Street they haven't done that. If Goldman Sachs was like that, you wouldn't have Goldman Sachs anymore . Yeah, please.

We'll see what happens. I mean, I think we have it very well under control. I think it would have been a very bad situation. It was heading in the wrong direction. It's now heading in the right direction. And we hope to have the support of Gavin because Gavin is the big beneficiary as we straighten out his problems.

I mean, his state is a mess, and I'd like to get somebody involved in the rail because -- look, personally, it should have never been built because you can fly there for $2. And what are you doing there doing that? You could drive; you could do lots of different things. You know if they did a study, if you gave every passenger the finest limousine service in the history of our world, the most expensive chauffeur driven white glove limousine service back and forth, we would have saved billions of dollars as opposed to building this monstrosity that's going up. And I've never seen anything, you know, I've seen cost overruns.

I'm a person -- I've always done well on cost overruns; I don't have them. But I will tell you, I have never seen cost overruns -- you see them where they're 20 percent more, 50 percent, 100 percent more. These are thousands of percent. Nobody even knows, they have no idea. And it was supposed to be from San Francisco to Los Angeles.

Well, they just made it way outside of Los Angeles, way -- it's stopping in the middle of -- I don't want to say nowhere because I happen to like one of those little cities very much, but it's way short of the destination. And our government is saying, why are we involved in this thing, it's been handled so badly before him, but he really blew it. So, you know.

All right, one more question.

On what?

Well, I don't want to speak to discussions. I mean I told you what we were there for a little bit. We had discussions on many topics. We had a group of people, a large group of people, including generals and admirals and lots of others. And all I can say is our country is in great shape. We're in great shape economically.

The bill that Mike and Jason and all the people are working on is going to be, I think, amazing. I think it's going to be one of the most important pieces of legislation we've ever had in this country. It's going to do things that you wouldn't believe. And we're going to -- you know, I have a very simple phrase.

We ran an election on very simple words, Make America Great Again. That's what we're doing. We're making great, we're making it safe, we're making it beautiful and we're making it very wealthy again. You know, wealth is OK. You need wealth to take care of lots of other people. We have to make our country better.

It has to heal from four years of abuse. Our country was abused badly by a very incompetent person and a group of people that weren't incompetent, but they were radical left lunatics. And they ran the country with an autopen. And I hope that law enforcement is looking at that very seriously. That's like a takeover of our country in a certain way, because this guy had no idea what he was doing.

You saw that during the debate; you saw that in other cases. I mean, he had no idea. I saw it years ago. By the way, 40 years ago, he had no -- he was bad 40 years ago. We're not just talking about -- and they always like to say age, but it's not age. I know people 88, 89, 92, Bernie Marcus who just passed away was 95. I spoke to him a year before, he was 100 percent.

It's not age, it's something else. But whatever it is, you can't have that in this country. The damage he's done to this country is unbelievable. But the good news is we've got much of it fixed already and the rest of it will happen. Thank you all very much. Thank you.