Thank you very much. They've done a fantastic job. Even the microphone works well; that's good. Wow. Well, I'd like to just thank everybody for the incredible job they've done. I love this state. As you know, Ron and I have had a really great relationship for a long time. We had a little off period for a couple of days, but it didn't last long.

It didn't last long and a lot of respect for each other. And it's a great honor to be deep in Florida, the Florida Everglades to open America's newest migrant detention center. It's incredibly built and you're seeing that yourself. That's why I said, let the press join us on our walk so they can see what's happening.

It's known as Alligator Alcatraz, which is very appropriate, because I looked outside and that's not a place I want to go hiking anytime soon. But very soon this facility will house some of the most menacing migrants, some of the most vicious people on the planet. We're surrounded by miles of treacherous, swampland and the only way out is really, deportation.

And a lot of these people are self-deporting back to their country where they came from, quite a few. We're amazed at actually the number. We took the FEMA money that Joe Biden allocated to pay for the free luxury hotel rooms where he was paying hundreds of millions of dollars in New York City. And we used it to build this project.

And Ron, it was just a little fraction of that money, the money they spent on that project. I happen to know the real estate developer. He never really made that much, but he became very wealthy. With luxury, he didn't do well. With people that are not exactly luxury, he's made a fortune. I want to thank Florida Governor Ron DeSantis and Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem and Florida Attorney General James Uthmeier.

Where is James? Where is he? You do a very good job. I hear good things. I hear good things about you from Ron too. No, you really do. He's even a good-looking guy. That guy's got a future, huh? Good job, James. I hear you're really, really fantastic, worked hard. You're like in the construction business for a few days, right?

Huh? Congratulations for all the hard work and to make this facility possible. It's amazing. Thanks as well to Florida Agriculture Commissioner Wilton Simpson. Where is Wilton? Where are you? Hi, Wilton. It's been a long time. Thank you. Congressman Byron Donalds. Where's Byron? Hi, Byron. How are you? Good.

Florida Speaker of the House Daniel Perez. Daniel? Daniel? Thank you, Daniel? Why, you didn't want to sit up here with us, Daniel? Executive Director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management Kevin Guthrie. Hi, Kevin. Good job. Acting Director of ICE, Todd Lyons. Todd, great job. And Senator Joe Gruters.

He is a great guy. Hi, where is Joe? We love Joe.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Joe. Joe is great. With the help of those incredible Border Patrol agents, we now have the lowest level of daily border crossings ever recorded. As you know, last month, the month of May, just got released two days ago, the number of illegal aliens into the United States was zero -- zero.

Even I find that hard to believe. Somebody must have gotten in, I think. I don't know, but they say zero. And the people that count them are radical left Democrats. So, when a radical left Democrat tells me it's zero, I believe them. But there is still much work to do. In the four years before I took office, Joe Biden allowed 21 million people -- that's a minimum, I think it was much higher than that -- illegal aliens to invade our country.

He invaded our country just like a military would invade. It's tougher because they don't wear uniforms. You don't know who they are. More than the populations of New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, Phoenix and Philadelphia combined. That's what came into our country from prisons, from mental institutions, from street gangs, drug dealers -- disgusting.

This enormous country-destroying invasion has swamped communities nationwide with massive crime, crippling costs and burdens far beyond what any nation could withstand. No nation could withstand what we did. And we're in the process of doing it, but we have some great people doing it now. You see them up here with me. But it's a -- I'd call it like an unforced error.

It's sort of like men in women's sports. It's sort of like transgender for everybody. How could they have done this to our country? And we're never going to forget it. Last year, 15 percent of all the hotel rooms in New York City were used to house illegal aliens at costs that they never got for luxury. They never got this much for luxury, people coming in from the wealthiest places on Earth.

They made more money with the illegal immigrants with many rooms costing more than $300 a night, six times the rent of a typical American family. In Denver, Colorado, the city was forced to cut $10 million from its police and fire department budget as part of a $90 million plan to house illegal aliens. And it's a population that's growing and growing and destroying Denver and growing.

And again, it's destroying Denver and it's destroying many other cities too. Likewise, one of the city's largest hospital systems is drowning in unpaid medical bills -- unpaid in the billions -- after their emergency rooms were flooded with tens of thousands of illegals leading to the closure of critical services.

And these are really critical services. They can't even keep them open for American patients. The American patients were treated worse than any illegal immigrant. In Los Angeles, one in every four students in the public school system is from a household headed by an illegal and most of them don't speak English.

So, they were in a school system, and they don't have interpreters, they don't have anything, they don't speak English. What a mess, what a mess, unforced error, all these people allowed to come in. The United States is now spending $78 billion a year on translation, OK? Think of that, $78 billion a year on translation.

And smaller numbers on special education programs for non-English speakers in our public schools. So, $78 billion, I think that's not a mistake. I would say million dollars maybe, hundreds of thousands of dollars, $78 billion, Joe, on translators and non-English speaking work. The federal government, the Justice Department -- it's more than twice the cost of maintaining the United States Justice Department, what we're spending on translation and other things to help.

In total the average illegal alien costs American taxpayers an estimated $70,000 -- that's each, $70,000. I think that number is even lower. If you care about balancing the budget, the single most impactful step we can take is to fully reverse the Biden migration invasion, one of the worst invasions we've ever had.

We've never had an invasion like this. We've had invasions, but we've taken care of them. We've never had an invasion like this. And it's with us and we have some very bad people out there looking to do big harm. That's why the One Big, Beautiful Bill includes funding for 3,000 new Border Patrol officers and 10,000 new ICE agents.

And I've gotten to know the Border Patrol and ICE very well. Unlike Kamala -- she was the border czar, but she never saw the border. She never made one phone call. She was some boarder czar, she would have been some president, probably would have been slightly better than Biden though. I had to run against both of them, you know.

The one guy -- it's like a fighter, you knock out the one guy who's doing badly, then they put somebody else in. But fortunately, she was a stiff also. Otherwise, I would have been very angry. I would have been extremely angry. The heroes of ICE will also help round up and remove members of the savage drug cartels, which are coming back into our country.

And we are -- we got them out. Now, some of them came back in, we just got them out again, and that's going to be a vicious cycle. But these are foreign gangs. They're horrendous people, killers, that have infiltrated our territory including eight which we have designated as foreign terrorist organizations, which gives us a lot more power for speed and getting them out much easier.

And we had a great court victory, as you know, on Friday that allows us to do what we have to do from the Supreme Court of the United States. In five months, my administration has already arrested over 2,700 members of the murderous Venezuelan gang known as Tren de Aragua, including a pack of these sadistic animals arrested last month with over 280 guns.

And these are guns of the latest caliber. These are guns that were made over the last period of less than a year -- getting brand new guns, the latest and the greatest. Every day, our brave law enforcement officers are hunting down and deporting migrant criminals who have committed heinous crimes, including more than 13,000 murderers -- 11,888 to be exact, but I'd probably say the 13,000 is right also.

Think of it, 11,888 and more than half of them -- they committed more than one murder. So, Ron, many of them are out of here already, but it's still -- it's a hell of a number to be confronted with. Just this year, ICE agents in Miami have apprehended illegals with arrests for murder, kidnaping, rape, child sexual abuse and arson, people of the worst order.

We're getting these monsters out of the United States, out of Florida, out of all the places that they're in. And on January 20th, I signed an executive order empowering governors and state police to be deputized to enforce federal immigration laws. And Ron's already taken advantage of it. It really -- it's a tremendous advantage for the states.

Most of them are doing it. Actually, the blue states tend not to do it. Even a couple of them have though. And I want to express my tremendous thanks to the state of Florida for embracing this opportunity and being a true partner. They've worked so well with the federal government. It's been just a beautiful, beautiful partnership.

So, Ron, I'd like to thank you personally, you're my friend and you'll always be my friend. And we may have some skirmishes even in the future. I doubt it. But we'll always come back because we just seem to -- we have blood that seems to match pretty well. We have a relationship that's been a very strong one for a long period of time and I appreciate it, very much appreciate it. And also, Secretary Noem, I'd like to say have you say a few words.

You have been unbelievable, the job you've done. You and our favorite person, Tom -- Tom Homan have done -- and your whole staff because it's a lot of people. And Tom acknowledges it all the time. He respects you so much. He respects the staff that you both built and you're really doing one of the great jobs.

And it was great that you could work with Ron in Florida so well, build such a great facility. So, please say a few words. Thank you very much.

Not everybody.

A lot of people, but not everybody.

Thank you very much, Kristi. That's so nice.

Thank you. Thank you very much. And I have to say that when Kristi's name was put before me by Tom Homan, by the way, because I wanted him for the border and somehow, I thought that was going to be good and that sort, but he didn't want the upper job. And I said, who do you recommend? Kristi Noem. I said, are you kidding?

She's great, but she's such a fine, elegant person. He said, sir, she's tough as hell. I said, are you sure? You are tough as hell, I tell you, and you do it in a very nice way, but you are -- if you ever saw a ride a horse, she rides a horse like she should be in the rodeo. She's like an unbelievable horse person and you've done a fantastic job and Steve Miller would even agree to that and he likes nobody, by the way.

I don't think he likes anybody. And another one we like is Ron, and Ron, would you say a few words, please?

Thank you. Great job. Thank you. Please, thanks.

Fantastic job. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Oh, thank you, wow. Thank you. You know, I'm waiting, listening to these wonderful words and they are music to my ears. But I was also wondering how are we doing, because I know this is prime time. It shows that I care about you because I'm here and I probably should

Oh, thank you, wow. Thank you. You know, I'm waiting, listening to these wonderful words and they are music to my ears. But I was also wondering how are we doing, because I know this is prime time. It shows that I care about you because I'm here and I probably should be there, but we do care. Thank you very much.

James, please. We're all happy now, James.

Well, I heard you were responsible for the locational pick and you cannot have picked a better location. I said, whoever the hell made this choice -- I know you're taking a little heat from some environmental groups, but I take it all the time and that's an honor. But I heard you were very responsible for that choice and that was a big choice.

Thank you very much. Great job, James. Thank you. Do you want to finish over here, and then we'll go over here and we'll go back and celebrate the big, beautiful bill that just got passed. You sure that's right? Right, Brian?

Wow. Good. He's doing a good job. Wow.

Thank you very much. You're doing a great job too. Thank you.

Thank you very much, Joe. Appreciate it, for a long time. Appreciate it. By the way, Okeechobee is something that we did together also and that was a lot of money spent. I hope it was well spent. I know we did a Rolls-Royce job, but it's a lot of money that we spent out there together and how is it going?

Oh, I would do that. I'll tell you, let me ask myself permission, permission granted. Go ahead, get it complete. You want to do that?

Good. You can move faster, actually. Please.

Thank you, Todd. Great job, really great job you're doing. Thank you. Please.

Hi.

Thank you. Thank you. Always, thank you. You've always been so great. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much. Good job.

Thank you very much. Steve, would you like to say something? Our star.

Thank you, Steve. Wow. Thank you. And the bill is going to be great for Iran. It's going to be great for Florida too. A lot of set asides for Florida, some of the things that you've wanted, you wanted to do. And so it's great news to hear that it was approved. Do you want to take a few questions? Ron, we'll take a few questions from these -- Yeah.

Please, go ahead. Yeah.

Well, I think we'd like to see them in many states, really, many states. I know Ron is doing a second one, at least a second one and probably a couple of more. And at some point, they might morph into a system where you're going to keep it for a long time. It's not that far away from jails that take years to build and the money is spent and wasted.

And like the railway that they have  in California, they cost like 40 times more than it was supposed to cost. The same thing happens with prisons. You look at this; in a short period of time, Ron, James and some of the people that really worked on it, along with our people, they did this in less than a week.

And you look at it, it's incredible. Look, the incredible thing is picking the site because the site was one of the most natural sites. It might be as good as the real Alcatraz site. It could be -- well, that's a spooky one too, isn't it? That's a tough site. But -- so, I really think it could last as long as they want to have it. I mean, you may morph this into your prison system frankly, which I know you always need, unfortunately.

I'd like to say, you know a little controversial, but I couldn't care less. We have a lot of bad criminals that came into this country and they came in stupidly. It was an unforced error. It was an incompetent president that allowed it to happen. It was an auto pen maybe that allowed it to happen, and it did happen.

But we also have a lot of bad people that have been here for a long time, people that whack people over the head with a baseball bat from behind when they're not looking and kill them, people that knife you when you're walking down the street. They're not new to our country; they're old to our country; many of them were born in our country.

I think we ought to get them the hell out of here too, you want to know the truth. So, maybe that'll be the next job that we'll work on together. But I think getting them out -- you know, we forget about them. We have some very bad -- we had some bad accidents in New York and they're not accidents. They were done very much on purpose.

People being pushed into a subway just before it arrives going 40 miles an hour and they're 10 feet away from where the thing is, you get pushed right into the face of the subway train, get whacked and killed. These are sick people. I'd like to get them out of here too. Yeah, please, go ahead. White shirt, glasses.

You know, pardons were given out by many -- to many people, and they shouldn't have been given out, like the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs was given a pardon, because they destroyed all of the information from two years of hearings and they should be arrested. But they were given pardons. Was he given a pardon, Mayorkas?

Was he not?

Well, I'd take a look at that one because what he did is -- it's beyond incompetence, something had to be done. Now with that being said, he took orders from other people, and he was really doing the orders. And you could say he was very loyal to them because it must have been very hard for him to stand up and sit up and talk about what he allowed to happen to this country and be serious about it, so he was given orders.

If he wasn't given a pardon, I could see looking at that. In fact, why don't you take a look at it, Kristi? He was impeached. But yeah, but it was just a fake impeachment -- it was a fake impeachment. Why don't you take a look at it? I think he was so bad -- they were all so bad. Look, it was the worst president in the history of our country.

We've had some bad ones, but he was the worst president, but somebody told Mayorkas to do that, and he followed orders, but that doesn't necessarily hold him harmless. So, take a look at it. Very good question actually. Thank you. Yeah, please, go ahead.

If they don't leave, they never get the chance to come back. If we have to take them out, and we will, they'll go out, but they never get a chance to come back. The other way we actually make it a little bit easier for them to come back. OK? Thank you. Good question. Thank you.

Well, I just heard that about the Senate, and the bill just passed. And it tells you there's something for everyone. I mean we have -- it's a great bill, there is something for everyone. And I think it's going to go very nicely in the House. Actually, I think it will be easier in the House than it was in the Senate.

No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying it's going to be a very much smaller number than that, and that number will be waste, fraud and abuse. And if you look, they took a much more liberal stance on the Medicaid situation than they could have. They had a tough stance and a weak stance. They took not a very strong stance on that to start off, and it's waste, fraud and abuse and everybody wants that covered.

I'm not seeing a number, but I know it's much less than the number you gave. And we really were very, very cognizant of three things: Social Security, we're going to take care of it beautifully; Medicare; and Medicaid. And we are going to save it whereas the Democrats are going to -- you won't have it, they will destroy Medicare and Medicaid, and they have to because their numbers don't work.

So, it's not going to happen. They're the ones that have destroyed -- they have made it so bad already. They're going to make it a lot worse. But now we'll be in charge, so we're going to have no problem with Medicaid or Medicare or Social Security. Thank you. Yeah.

Well, we're very much cognizant of that. And as you know, I won the farmers by 92 percent and I'm not going to be abandoning my farmers. We were strong on the borders, but we're also strong for the farmers -- and for others in the hotel industry, etc. You know, we have similar situations. And Kristi and I, and we'll be working with Ron and a lot of the states.

We're going to work something where the farmers can be responsible for some of the people that have -- and they have people, Ron, for 10 or 15 years that they know very well. We're going to put them in responsible -- and have -- we're going to issue a form of a card or document, and the farmer is going to be responsible for these people.

They're not going to have citizenship, but they'll be working, they'll be paying taxes. We need to get our farmers the people they need, otherwise our farmers aren't going to be able to do their land. You know, it was tried once before many, many years ago where there was a very strong guy and he got everybody out and every farm almost in the country, but every farm in California, every farm in Iowa -- almost all the farms went bankrupt, they had nobody to work and we don't want to have that situation.

So, we're going to work it. We're going to put our farmers and others in charge of the people that they have under them. They know the people, and I think it's going to work out really well. We're going to take care of our farmer, but we're going to get the criminals out, OK? Yeah, go ahead, please.

Well, I was one of those that invested billions of dollars and hundreds of millions of dollars right here in the Meadowlands, but -- in the Everglades. But -- and the Meadowlands too, in New York, if you look at what we did up there. Speaking of the Meadowlands, a lot of places like this, but this is a very unique one.

One thing I'll say about this land, we'll be gone a million years, and this land is still going to be here. It's not going to be much different. You'll have the water moccasins, you'll have the alligators, you may not have people, but you're going to have all those animals, they're going to be around, and you've got plenty of them out here.

I think it was a brilliant choice. And I think almost anybody in his or her right mind would say this was a brilliant choice. I give the governor a lot of credit for using this piece of land. And in addition to that, it's on top of something that was already developed. It's an airport -- you know, you have the runways, you have the -- so it's already been developed.

So. it's not like you're dropping dirt right into the thing -- there was zero movement of that. That was done many years ago because the airport is very old, but it was an abandoned airport. And frankly, it's like perfect. And you can do expansion on this site substantially without doing anything. So, the people -- I heard them complaining about the Everglades -- there's no -- I don't think you've done anything to the Everglades.

I think you're just enhancing it. This was already here. How long has the airport been here?

Many decades. Yeah.

Well, you know, when we talk about popularity, though, I will say I ran on the issue of illegals and we have to get them out. And I won 82 percent on that issue. So I think that they may not like certain aspects of it, but ultimately, they do not want them in their country. And if this is a part of a use.

But I think from an environmental standpoint, it's incredible. In fact, when we landed that very big heavy plane today, they came out and checked it fairly -- I think they want the president to be able to land on a piece of concrete that's not going to go six feet underground and they checked it and they came back and they said, this thing is really solid.

So it's been there a long time. It's going to be here a long time and it was a great choice of a site. Thank you. Yes, please. Brian, go ahead.

Well, they're great people and the man that is leading them has a reputation and he was the head of some pretty tough organizations and a lot of people criticized me for that. I said, well, what are we going to do, take him out of a day school, a country day school, you're going to -- it's going to be by nature.

I would think, Ron, they'll be pretty tough. And he is pretty tough, but I think -- I met him, spent a lot of time with him, good guy. I took off the sanctions because if I didn't do that, they wouldn't have had a chance and Syria has a chance. You know, the people are great. They work hard. They're very smart, used to be a place of professionals, accountants and lawyers and doctors and high academic credentials in that part of the world.

And I think it's going to work out great. I took off the sanctions and they were very appreciative. They were shocked, but they were very appreciative. And we're giving them a chance at survival. With the sanctions, it couldn't have worked. Thank you.

Well, then we'll have to arrest him. Look, we don't need a communist in this country, but if we have one, I'm going to be watching over them very carefully on behalf of the nation. We send him money. We send him all the things that he needs to run a government. And by the way, they get already -- they get about three times what you get, Ron.

If you look at the per capita, Florida gets one third of what New York gets in terms of the numbers. Why don't you give us those numbers, because that's what we should send him.

Right, substantially. We're going to be watching that very carefully and a lot of people are saying he's here illegally. We're going to look at everything. And ideally, he's going to turn out to be much less than a communist. But right now, he's a communist. That's not a socialist. I've always said we will not have socialism in this country.

And the speeches, I said -- well, they skipped socialism and you got a lot of them like that. And you see AOC, she's out there with her bad IQ. She's out there ranting and raving about how wonderful he is and look so far, he's winning. He still has a race to win, but so far, he's winning and he has an advantage as a Democrat in New York City.

I was there a long time ago and it was a long time since a Republican won the city, but you would think that a Republican would be able to win, or you have a good independent running, Mayor Adams, who's a very good person. I helped him out a little bit. He had a problem and he was unfairly hurt over this question.

He made a statement to the effect that this is terrible. New York City can't have all these immigrants come in, and he was indicted the following day. And I said that was a phony indictment and it was a phony indictment. That was a Biden indictment. I said, don't feel bad, I got indicted five times. Every time you opened your mouth.

That was a bad group. That was a very dangerous group. I will tell you, these were not nice people. That was the only thing they could do. They had no policy. They had no skill, they had no anything, but they were very good at that. They were vicious, vicious, horrible people. Thank you very much. Yeah, please, go ahead.

Yes, he has my approval. That wasn't too hard to get, was it, Ron? He didn't even have to ask me, James. You didn't even need James to ask me. He has my approval. OK? Good. I also like what he's doing in Okeechobee. He has my approval for that too. I don't know how we work that out, but we'll work it out.

Go ahead, please.

That's great. Wow. Well, I love these runways. It's very convenient, I must say. Having a runway is a nice thing. Today you don't get runways approved, I will tell you. It's tough to get a runway. Although in the age of Trump, you get them approved fast. We're approving massive electrical bins, whether you call them bins, but big electrical facilities for all of the factories and the AI that's coming in. They're going to build their own electric.

They're going to be made into electrical providers. They're going to have a lot left over. They'll put it into the grid. I think they're going to end up doing so much, they'll put it into the grid, won't even cost anything from their standpoint, but -- so we have a lot of that happening. We get approvals fast so -- but I was just saying runways are hard to get, but we'll get them now.

But in the past, I would say over the past 30, 40 years when you can get a runway, that was considered gold. OK. Please, go ahead. Go ahead. Sure.

OK. Go ahead. Yes.

So we have turned this country around in less than six months. And when I was away and I was telling Ron, I was telling some others, I've said it a little publicly, I guess, but I met a lot of very important people. The king of Saudi Arabia. I was there two weeks ago, and Qatar, the leader of Qatar, who's great and the leader of UAE, who's great.

He's a very substantial people, very smart people and good people. And all three of them said essentially the same thing, along with many other people because I just left NATO and NATO is going to -- we took it up to five percent. Nobody can believe that one, Ron. That would be a hard one. Nobody believes that, what happened in NATO, over $ 1 trillion a year from, like, nothing.

It was an honor. But every leader said that a year ago this country was dead. They had no confidence in the United -- they really felt it was a dead country and it was going to -- bad things were going to happen. But they used the term, it was a dead country and now they said you have the hottest country anywhere in the world.

We're the hottest country in the world right now and we turned it around fast. I thought it would take longer than this. We turned it around fast. Some of it was psychology and we had to know how good we were, but others was getting rid of rules, regulations and all of the things that I got rid of already.

I signed more executive orders than anybody in history, times like three or four and I got rid of just one -- I got rid of the other night, you buy a house, they have a faucet in the house, Joe, and the faucet, the water doesn't come out. They have a restrictor. In areas where you have so much water, they don't know what to do with it. You have a shower head, the shower doesn't -- you think it's not working, it is working, the water is dripping out and that's no good for me, I like this hair nice and -- I like that hair nice and wet.

Takes you -- you have to stand in the shower for 20 minutes before you get the soap out of your hair. And I put a thing in, and it sounds funny, but it's really not -- it's horrible. And when you wash your hands, you turn on the faucet and no water comes out. You're washing and the water barely comes out, it's ridiculous.

This was done by crazy people, and I wrote it all off and got it approved in Congress so that they can't just change it because I did it in my first term. Everyone was so happy. And then one of the first things that Biden did when he came back, is he put the restriction on showers, toilets and sinks, put this restriction -- and washing machines.

The washing machine, they give you like a quarter of this bottle to do your clothing and people needed 10 of these bottles. And the people came to me from Whirlpool, and they said we can't make a machine that's competitive. We can't make a machine; it just doesn't work. Why? They don't let us use water. Do you have any problems with water?

No, we have so much, we don't know what to do with it. You know, it comes down from heaven, right? And I approved all of that, the washing machines, the whole thing. The dishwashers, that was the other one, they give you like this much water right up to there to do your dishes. So, people, you know what they do, they keep pressing the button.

So, they end up doing the dishes 10 times. They end up using more water than you would have used if you did it right in the first place. So, all of that stuff has been written off. It sounds crazy, it's little things. The straw -- I let you go back to a plastic straw. The other -- I was tired of having straws melt in my mouth, you know.

It wasn't working, the paper wasn't working too well. So, these are little things that I did. Then we have the big things. We have the biggest things and that has to do with some of the subjects we're talking now. I think the things we're talking about now are the biggest because if you don't have borders in this country, borders and good elections and we're working on that next.

There are some bills coming in that's going to make sure that you're a citizen, that people aren't counted in the voting when they were here and they're here as illegals and they're criminals in many cases and they give them a count and you end up with extra congressmen. We're going to work on that. We're going to straighten that out next.

That's going to be easy compared to what we were doing. But we did the big things too. But little things like that, a straw, little things like a washing machine with no water, people go out, they spend all their money on a washing machine, the damn thing doesn't work. You can't use the water. Then you go to your sink and that doesn't work either.

You're stuck. You know what you do? You have dirty plates the next day, that's it. And we solved so many commonsense problems and they weren't easy. You know, there are people that really believe in this stuff. But you know, most states have so much water, they don't know what to do with it. And look at North Carolina.

I mean, they had a lot of water, and they have to get restrictors on their kitchen faucets. So, we're very proud of the things we did and we're going to do a lot more of them. Yeah, please go ahead. Guy's in good shape.

Yeah, and we're coming down rapidly.

So, it holds 77 million barrels, and we had it up to the top, if you remember. And I was proud of that, and I made a deal to buy it at the lowest price of oil, it was a good deal, good instinct and we filled it up. And when he came in, he started using it to keep oil prices down because he blew our energy policy out.

Energy is what caused -- energy and his bad spending is what caused inflation. So, now we have no inflation. Gasoline just hit $1.99 today in five states -- $1.99, isn't that a nice sound? It was up to $4 and going up to $5, $6 and $7. In California it was $7.70. But we just hit in five states, $1.99, $1.98. And it's coming down to that level.

So, that will be a big thing. And one of the reasons the prices and costs are going down when you go to the supermarket, because I said I was going to get costs down, we're getting the cost down. Food is coming down. When I came out of my first week, if you remember, I had a lunatic reporter screaming at me saying eggs are going through the roof.

What are you going to do about eggs? I said I just got here; I didn't know anything about eggs. I had to call you. I said, look, I just got here. Tell me the problem. Well, they're doubled in price and they're going to be five or six times higher. They were right, actually. I said, let me work on it, and now we have eggs down to the same number as it was when I first came in. You know, we lowered the cost of groceries.

A simple word like that, groceries, it was like almost a strange word; I hadn't heard the word in so long. But what could be more beautiful than the word grocery? And we have the prices way down. We have the energy way down. Energy brought the groceries down, if you want to know the truth. So, we think we're going to get it lower and we're going to fill up the national strategic.

It's called the strategic national reserves. I had it topped out and this guy would use them -- every time before the election he'd use them. Whenever they had an election, it was artificial. But believe it or not, as big as that, tens of hundreds of millions of barrels of oil all filled up at low prices.

But it was really meant for wars. And it wasn't meant for keeping your prices down during a holiday so that somebody could get elected. But they used it and they didn't bring -- the only mistake you made, they didn't bring it a little down, they brought it right down to the bottom. The thing is practically empty.

They never filled it up. They never spent $0.10 in filling it up. And we'll do that -- when the market is right, we'll fill it up. I want to fill it up when the market's right. Thank you. How about one more question? OK, please. In the back.

When you say -- what was the first part of your question, who?

In Florida?

I'm going to spend a lot -- look, this is my home state. I love it. I love your government. I love all the people around. These are all friends of mine, I know them very well. I mean, I'm not surprised that they do so well. They're great people. Ron has been a friend of mine for a long time. I feel very comfortable in the state.

I'll spend a lot of time here. I want to -- you know, for four years I've got to be in Washington and I'm OK with it because I love the White House. I even fixed up the little Oval Office. I made it -- it's like a diamond, it's beautiful, it's so beautiful. It wasn't maintained properly; I will tell you that.

But even when it wasn't, it was still the Oval Office, so it meant a lot. But I'll spend as much time as I can here. You know, my vacation is generally here because it's convenient. I live in Palm Beach, it's my home and I have a very nice little place, nice little cottage to stay at, right. But we have a lot of fun and I'm a big contributor to Florida, you know, pay a lot of tax.

And a lot of people moved from New York. And I don't know what New York is going to do. A lot of people moved to Florida from New York, and it was for a lot of reasons. But one of them was taxes, the taxes are so high in New York, they're leaving. I don't know what New York's going to do about that because some of the biggest, wealthiest people and some of the people that pay the most taxes of any people anywhere in the world for that matter, they're moving to Florida and other places.

So, we're going to have to help some of these states out I think. But thank you very much. I'll be here as much as I can. Very nice question. With that, I'd like to just end by saying I want to thank Ron and James and all of the people that have done such a great job, all of your staff, really fantastic work.

And it really started with site selection. You can do a great job but if you have the wrong site -- in real estate, you have the wrong site, you're dead. And this was a great site selection, despite what you may read in the environmental press. Good job. And this was an honor for Kristi and myself and Steve and all of our people to be here.

And I also appreciate the media. They've treated us very fairly. Over the last few weeks I've been treated very nicely and it's so unusual, I'm not used to it, but we've gotten great accolades. Brian, I want to thank you for calling out because I was waiting here because I knew the vote was taking place and I'm answering questions, right?

So, I want to thank you very much and say hello to our friend and I will see a lot of you. Thank you very much. We're going to make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you.