He's a high IQ individual.

So, thank you very much. We had a busy day today, the king just left, and we've had a great discussion, terrific discussion concerning Gaza and everything else. We had discussions also about Saturday at 12:00. It's going to be a big moment. We'll see what happens. I don't expect much happening with these people, but we'll see what happens.

And we're going to be signing a very important deal today. It's DOGE, and I'm going to ask Elon to tell you a little bit about it and some of the things that we found, which are shocking. Billions and billions of dollars in waste, fraud and abuse. And I think it's very important and that's one of the reasons I got elected.

I said we're going to do that. Nobody had any idea it was that bad, that sick and that corrupt. And it seems hard to believe that judges want to try and stop us from looking for corruption, especially when we found hundreds of millions of dollars' worth, much more than that, in just a short period of time.

We want to weed out the corruption, and it seems hard to believe that a judge could say we don't want you to do that. So, maybe we have to look at the judges because that's a very serious -- I think it's a very serious violation. I'll ask Elon Musk to say a few words and we'll take some questions. Elon, go ahead.

And also, could you mention some of the things that your team has found, some of the crazy numbers, including the woman that walked away with about $30 million, etc.?

And then we thought that we would not let him do that segment or look in that area if we thought there was a lack of transparency or a conflict of interest. And we watched that also. He's a big businessman. He's a successful guy. That's why we want him doing this. We don't want an unsuccessful guy doing this.

Now one thing also that Elon hasn't really mentioned are the groups of people that are getting some of these payments, they're ridiculous and we're talking about billions of dollars that we've already found. We found fraud and abuse, I would say those two words as opposed to the third word that I usually use, but in this case, fraud and abuse.

It's abusive because most of these things are virtually made up or certainly money shouldn't be sent to them. And you know what I'm talking about, it's crazy. So -- but we're talking about tens of billions of dollars that we've already found. And now a judge who's an activist judge wants to try and stop us from doing this.

Why? Why would they want to do that? I campaigned on this. I campaigned on the fact that I said government is corrupt and it is very corrupt. Is so big. But if you have a contract and you're in a regular business, you end the contract in three months. You know, it's a consultant. Here's a contract for three months, but it goes on for 20 years.

And the guy doesn't say that he got money for 20 years. You know, they don't say it. They just keep getting checks month after month. And you have various things like that. And even much worse than that. Actually, much worse. And I guess you call that incompetence, maybe.

It could be corruption. It could be a deal's made on both sides. You know where. You have got to get some money. He kicks back. I think he has a lot of kickback here. I see a lot of kickback here.

A tremendous kickback. Because nobody could be so stupid to give out some of these contracts, so he has to get a kickback. So uh, that's what I got elected for. That and borders and military and a lot of things. But this is a big part of it. And I hope that the court system is going to allow us to do what we have to do. We got elected to -- to among other things, find all of this fraud and abuse, all of this -- this horrible stuff going on. And we've already found billions of dollars, not like a little bit, billions, many billions of dollars.

And when you get down to it, it's going to be probably close to $1 trillion.

It could be close to $1 trillion that we're going to find. That will have quite an impact on the budget.

And -- and you'll go to a judge where they handpick a judge, and he has certain leanings. I'm not knocking anybody for that, but he has certain leanings, and he wants us to stop looking. How do you stop looking? I mean, we've already found it. We have a case in New York where a hotel was paid $59 million, $59 million because of -- because it's housing migrants, illegal migrants.

All illegal, I believe.

Unbelievable.

Yeah?

We had -- we had no idea we were going to find this much. And it's open. It's not like complicated.

It's simple stuff. It's like -- you can't believe it. A lot of work. A lot of smart people involved, very, very smart people. But it's -- you're talking about anywhere maybe $500 billion. It's crazy the kind of numbers you're talking about.

You know, normally when you're looking at something you find -- you're looking for one out of 100. Here, you're almost reversing it. You look for one that's good.

And you can look at the title and you say why are we doing this? Why are we doing that? And the public gets it. You know, the public gets it. You've seen the polls.

The public is saying why are we paying all this money? This -- for years, this has gone on.

Yeah, go ahead. Wait. Go ahead. Senator Rand Paul today said that DOGE cuts will ultimately need a vote in Congress. Do you agree with that? Is that the plan? I really don't know. I know this. We're finding tremendous fraud and tremendous abuse. If I need a vote of Congress to find fraud and abuse it would be -- it's fine with me. I think we'll get the vote, although there'll be some people that wouldn't vote.

And how could a judge want to hold us back from finding all of this fraud and finding all of this incompetence? Why would that happen? Why would even Congress want to do that? Now, Congress, if -- if we do need a vote, I think we'd get a very easy vote because we have a track record now. We've already found billions of dollars of abuse, incompetence and corruption.

A lot of corruption.

Well, I always abide by the courts. And then I'll have to appeal it. But then what he's done is he's slowed down the momentum. And it gives crooked people more time to cover up the books. You know, if a person's crooked and they get caught, other people see that. And all of a sudden it becomes harder later on, so.

Yeah, the answer is I always abide by the courts, always abide by them. And we'll appeal.

But appeals take a long time. And I would hope that a judge, if you go into a judge and you show them, here's a corrupt situation. We have a check to be sent, but we found it to be corrupt. Do you want us to send this corrupt check to a person or do you want us not to give it and give it back to the taxpayer?

I would hope a judge would say don't send it. Give it back to the taxpayer.

Yeah, go ahead.

And by the way, hundreds, thousands of transactions like that. You know, we have a big team. And for the sake of the country, I hope that the person that's in charge and the other people that report to me that are in charge are allowed to do the right thing, namely make sure everything's honest, legitimate and competent.

But we're looking at -- just when you look at USAID, that was -- that's one. We're going to look at the military. We're going to look at education. They're much bigger areas. But the USAID is really corrupt. I'll tell you, it's corrupt. It's incompetent and it's really corrupt. And I can't imagine a judge saying, well, it may be corrupt, but you don't have the right.

You got elected to look over the country and to, as we say, make America great again. But you don't have the right to go and look and see whether or not things are right that they're paying, or that things are honest that they're paying. And nobody can even believe this. Other people, law professors, they've been saying you can't -- how can you take that person's right away?

You're supposed to be running the country, but we're not allowed to look at who they're paying it to and what they're paying. We have massive amounts of fraud that we caught. I think we probably caught way over a lot of billions of dollars already in what two weeks?

And it's going to go to numbers that you're not going to believe. And much -- as I said, much is incompetence and much is dishonesty. We have to catch it. And the only way we're going to catch it is to look for it. And if a judge is going to say you're not allowed to look for it, that's pretty sad for our country.

I don't understand how it could even work.

Which one?

Well, they'll get their money, but they're getting a good deal. They're getting a big buyout. And what we're trying to do is reduce government. We have too many people. We have office space, it's occupied by foutr percent. Nobody's showing up to work because they were told not to. And then Biden gave him a five year pass, some of them, 48,000 of them gave him a five year pass, that for five years, you don't have to show up to work.

And -- and let me tell you this is largely much of this stuff is because of Biden. It's his fault. He allowed this country -- what he did on our border. What he did on our border is almost not as bad as what he did with all of these contracts that have come out. It's -- it's a very sad day when we look at it. I can't even believe it. But many contracts just extend and they just keep extending.

And there was nobody there to correct it. And that cannot be -- I can't imagine that could be held up by the court.

Any court that would say that the president or his representatives like Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of State, whatever, doesn't have the right to go over their books and make sure everything's honest. I mean, how can you have a country? You can't have anything that way. You can't have a business that way.

You can have a country that way. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

I'm going to be back tonight. Mike Vogel will be at the White House tonight at about 10:00. If you want to come over, you can say hello to him, all right?

Not much. No, they were very nice. We were treated very nicely by Russia, actually. I hope that's the beginning of a relationship where we can end that war and millions of people can stop being killed. They've lost millions of people they lost, in terms of soldiers, probably 1.5 million soldiers in a short period of time.

We have got to stop that war. And I'm interested primarily from the standpoint of death. We're losing all those soldiers. And they're not American soldiers, they're Ukrainian and Russian soldiers. But you're probably talking about a million and a half. I think -- I think we got to bring that one to an end.

OK? Thank you. Thank you very much.