Well, I think the owners should do something about it. I think it's very disrespectful to our flag and to our country. So I certainly think the owners should do something about it.

There was great solidarity -- I watched a little bit. I was not watching the games today, believe me -- I'm doing other things. But I watched a little bit, and I will say that there was tremendous solidarity for our flag and for our country.

Well, that's okay. Look, he has to take his ideas and go with what he wants. I think it's very disrespectful to our country. I think it's very, very disrespectful to our flag.

I like Bob very much, he's my friend. But he gave me a Super Bowl ring a month ago, right? So he's a good friend of mine, and I want him to do what he wants to do.

But we have a great country. We have great people representing our country, especially our soldiers, our first responders, and they should be treated with respect. And when you get on your knee and you don't respect the American flag or the anthem, that's not being treated with respect.

No, this has nothing to do with race. I've never said anything about race. This has nothing to do with race or anything else. This has to do with respect for our country, and respect for our flag.

Yeah, we have a tax plan that's totally finalized. I think it will be terrific. I think it's going to go through, and it will be the largest tax cut in the history of our country.

I've never heard that mentioned. Really, I've never heard that mentioned.

I hope the corporate rate is going to be 15 percent.

With the plan? We'll see what happens, but I hope it's going to be 15 percent. But it's going to be substantially lower so we bring jobs back into our country.

No, we think we're going to bring the individual rate to 10 percent or 12 percent, much lower than it is right now. This is a plan for the middle class and for companies so they can bring back jobs.

Well, we're looking at the healthcare. I mean, I've been watching for seven years as the Republicans have been saying "repeal and replace."" Then you have John McCain voting no

It's also great for Maine; it's also great for Alaska. Every state you're talking about, it happens to be particularly good for. So I don't know what they're doing. But you know what? Eventually, we'll win, whether it's now or later.

Well, we'll see. We'll see what happens. But the Republicans have been saying for seven years, "repeal and replace

I mean, if you look at the -- with the block grants. You look at Alaska -- one of the biggest beneficiary would be Alaska, and these are the people that are against it.

Eventually, we will win on that. My primary focus, I must tell you -- and has been from the beginning, as you can imagine -- is taxes. I believe we will be successful in the largest tax cut in our country's history. Thank you all very much. I'll see you later.

The travel ban: The tougher, the better.