North Korea and trade.

Certainly, I would be. But I think China will want to be stepping up.

You're going to see. We'll be talking about it.

The President just arrived. He just landed in Palm Beach, so I just saw that.

I don't want to mention that, but the answer is no, I haven't.

I've shaken them up, and I think we've had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of Presidents. If you look at all that we've done and all of the jobs we've created, if you look at the kind of cost-cutting we've been able to achieve with the military and at the same time ordering vast amounts of equipment -- saved hundreds of millions of dollars on airplanes, and really billions, because if you take that out over a period of years it's many billions of dollars -- I think we've had a tremendous success. And we've just begun. And we're going to have a very interesting couple of days.

I don't want to say what I'm going to be doing with respect to Syria.

We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible deals -- trade deals with China for many, many years. So that's one of the things we're going to be talking about. The other thing, of course, is going to be North Korea, and somehow they will mix. They really do mix. So we're going to be talking about both trade, North Korea, and many other things.

No, not at all. No. We have a great person right now in Judge Gorsuch, I mean a great person. And hopefully if there is a second one for me during my administration -- and there could be as many as four -- in fact, under a certain scenario there could even be more than that -- but no, I don't think the nuclear option has any impact on that at all.

He's a very good person. I just heard that he did. I think he's a very good person, he's a very honorable guy. And I think he did that maybe for his own reason. He's a high-quality person. And the gentleman replacing him, who I don't know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man, high-quality.

With who? What?

Nobody shared it with me, that I can tell you --

-- because I haven't looked.

What Assad did is terrible. I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes and it shouldn't have happened and it shouldn't be allowed to happen.

At some point, I may. I haven't, but at some point I may.

I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity. And he's there, and I guess he's running things, so something should happen. Thanks, folks, I'll see you in a little while.