No, this really will mostly benefit the middle class and job. Companies -- companies are coming in. They're pouring into the country. They've already started, and this will be great for jobs. It will be fantastic for the middle-income people, and for jobs.

It will also benefit lots of other things. I mean we're looking to -- if you look at the whole thing, everybody's gonna benefit. But I think the greatest benefit is going to be for jobs, and for the middle class middle right.

Well, this is going to bring money in. As an example, we think $4 trillion will come flowing back into the country. That's money that's overseas that stuck there for years and years. It was two and a half trillion, then it was three and a half. It's probably over $4 trillion. This is money, that's been stuck there for years, and it's going to come pouring back into the country.

But that'll be -- that'll be one. And I will say because of what we've done with regulation and other things, our economy is doing fantastically well. But it has another big step to go, and it can't take that step unless we do the tax bill.

Well, we have a tremendous spirit to the tax reform. This is going to be one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income people. The Democrats have their... you know, their sound bite, the standard sound bite, before they even know what the bill is all about. They talk about for the wealthy. This is going to be one of the great gifts to the middle-income people of this country that they've ever gotten for Christmas.

What?

Well, what will happen is at the end, whichever the administration is, in years from now, they'll make it, and maybe can even make it more generous, if we can get the economy like it should be. The economy now has hit 3%. Nobody thought would be anywhere close. I think we can go to four, five and maybe even 6% ultimately. Each percentage point is $2.5 trillion.

We are back, we're really going to start to rock. We need this as our final push, and you're going to see some numbers that are great. But, most importantly, you're going to see great job numbers. Jobs are going to come pouring back into this country, which we need very much. Thank you everybody. We're going to Camp David now.