-- very happy. Thought it was really great.

I think he's done a fantastic job at EPA. I think he's done an incredible job. He's been very courageous. Hasn't been easy, but I think he's done an absolutely fantastic job.

I think he'll be fine.

I think he'll be fine. Yeah, I want to look at it. I haven't seen the details, but I can tell you, at EPA he has done a fantastic job.

On Scott?

Who's saying that? I have to look at it, and close. You know, I hear different versions of it. But I'll make that determination. But he's a good man.

He's done a terrific job. But I'll take a look at it very closely.

You know, I didn't -- with Ed Henry?

Which one? Ed Henry?

It's an interesting interview.

No, no. No, Scott is doing a great job where he is.

Anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000. We're looking at a combination of from 2,000 to 4,000. We're moving that along.

We're looking at it, but, I mean, I have a pretty good idea. But it depends on what we do. But we're looking from 2,000 to 4,000. And we'll probably keep them, or a large portion of them, until such time as we get the wall.

Did you enjoy the roundtable? A little different, right?

Well, Amazon is just not on an even playing field. You know, they have a tremendous lobbying effort, in addition to having The Washington Post, which is, as far as I'm concerned, another lobbyist. But they have a big lobbying effort. One of the biggest, frankly.

One of the biggest. And it's -- you know, what they have is a very uneven playing field. You look at the sales tax situation -- which is going to be taken up, I guess, very soon -- it's going to be a decision by the Supreme Court.

So we'll see what happens. The Post Office is not doing well with Amazon, that I can tell you. But we're going to see what happens. The playing field has to be level for everybody. That's very important.

Well, I'm going to study it and we're going to take a look. We're going to take a very serious look at that. But I want, as long -- hey, it's very important for me. It's got to be an even playing field for everybody.

No. No. What else?

Well, you'll have to ask Michael Cohen. Michael is my attorney. And you'll have to ask Michael Cohen.

No, I don't know. No.

About who?

I think that Scott has done a fantastic job. I think he's a fantastic person. I believe -- you know, I just left -- I just left coal and energy country. They love Scott Pruitt.

They feel very strongly about Scott Pruitt, and they love Scott Pruitt. Thank you very much everybody. I'll see you back in New York. Thank you.