Great. Very good. Very, very good. We're very happy about it. Great decision. I very much appreciate those 50 great votes. And I think he's going to go down as a totally brilliant Supreme Court justice for many years. Many years. He was chosen for the reason of his temperament, his incredible past, his outstanding years on the court.

He just had an outstanding record. A brilliant scholar--totally brilliant scholar. Top. And we're very honored that he was able to withstand this horrible, horrible attack by the Democrats. It's a horrible attack that nobody should have to go through.

I don't think they are. I don't think they are. I think actually that women... The people -- look, when you look at the biggest fans, the people that spoke to me most vocif -- really in the strongest of terms in his favor were women. Women. Women were outraged at what happened to Brett Kavanaugh, outraged, and I think that's a total misnomer, because the women, I feel, were in many ways stronger than the men in his favor.

So you have a lot of women that are extremely happy. A tremendous number of women. Because they're thinking of their sons, they're thinking of their husbands and their brothers, their uncles, and others. And women are, I think, extremely happy."

At an example, you look at that small number of people outside... And look at where we're going, and we will have thousands and thousands of people. Going to Kansas, we're going to have thousands of people. Totally sold out arenas -- and you know better than I do, with tens of thousands of people outside trying to get in. And those people are for him. And those people are -- that crowd could fit in the second room.

I'm a hundred percent. I'm a hundred percent. I have no doubt. The FBI has done an excellent job. They went through, and they went through it seven times. The FBI went through seven investigations, and they did a very thorough job, excellent job. And you know, the other thing we know about life: if there were any problems it would have happened over the last 25 or 30 years, during his professional life.

If any of that -- if there was even a scintilla of something wrong -- he was a very big judge for years, on what they call the second highest court. That would have come out loud and clear.

This is -- one of the reasons I chose him, is because there is nobody with a squeaky clean past like Brett Kavanaugh.

He is an outstanding person and I'm very honored to have chosen him and he will be there for many years.

I think we're going to do great in the midterms. I think the Republicans are going to do great in the midterms. I think we have a momentum that hasn't been seen in years. When you hear those screamers in Congress today, the screaming that -- you see how orchestrated it is, how phony it is.

They practice it together and they do it with the Democrats. This is all the Democrats. It's so bad. It's so bad for our country and people see it... You hear it's all synchronized. It's all phony stuff.

When you see their signs, you notice yesterday -- I talked about the signs all week, today they're all different because they said oh, we can't do the same sign made by a manufacturer, paid for by Soros or whoever. So I think Republicans are going to do incredibly well, although history always says that whoever's president it goes a little bit the other way. I think we're going to do really well. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have an economy like no other.

Probably the greatest economy we've ever had. That has a lot to do with it. Tax cuts. Regulation cuts. Two Supreme Court justices. Many people on the federal courts. Nobody's done what we have done.

He was ready to come if we needed his vote.

I think that the Mississippi speech had a great impact, yes. I think it was a very important thing. Hey look, the Washington Post said it on their front page. I can't believe they said it, but they said it.