Scott Pruitt did an outstanding job inside of the EPA. We've gotten rid of record breaking regulations and it's been really GOOD. You know, obviously the controversies with Scott but within the agency we were extremely happy.

His deputy has been with me actually a long time. He was very much an early Trump supporter. He was with us on the campaign. He is a very environmental person. He's a big believer, and he's going to do a fantastic job.

No final straw. I think Scott saw that he was, he was, uh-- look, Scott is a terrific guy. And he came ot me and he said I have such great confidence in the administration. I don't want to be a distraction. And I think Scott felt that he was a distraction.

It was very much up to him.

A couple of days. We've been talking about it for a little while. He'll go on to great things and he's going to have a wonderful life, I hope. But he felt that he did not want to be a distraction for an administration that he has a lot of faith in.

When I took office, you can quote me on this, North Korea was doing tremendous testing, tremendous missile launches. And you can ask President Obama, he was very close to going to war and he would have lost 50 million people, plus... The rhetoric was very strong. In the meantime for eight months you've had not one rocket launch, missile launch and you haven't had one nuclear test.

We'll see. We'll see. All I can tell you is this. You ahven't had one missile launch and you haven't had one rocket launch.

I had a very good feeling about him from the standpoint -- I shook his hand. I thought we got along very well. I thought we had a good chemistry together. I think we understand each other. I really believe that he sees a different future for North Korea. I hope that's true. If that's not true we'll go back to the other way.

Under the Obama administration they were launching missiles, they were testing. They're not doing that anymore. That could start tomorrow. Who knows. And if it does, I won't be happy. But for eight months there's been not one rocket or missile launch or there hasn't been a nuclear test. And other things have happened including last week, taking down the anti-US propaganda.

I'll say on the record that I am interviewing some extraordinarily talented and brilliant people and I'm very, very happy with them and we will pick somebody who will be outstanding, hopefully for many years to come.

Very close. We're going to do it at 9 pm in the White House.

I think I have it down to four people and I think of the four people, I have it down to three or two. I think they're all outstanding. Honestly I could pick any of the 25 and they would be terrific. Those are very terrific people. The whole list is extraordinary.

I don't want say the four. But I have it down to four. I'll have a decision made in my mind by Sunday. We'll announce it on Monday. I'll give you the answer.

I was thinking about it. I doubt it. Unlikely.  We're going to go over the Supreme Court and some other things that we're working on. I do think that something very very exciting is Space Force. There is tremendous excitement about Space Force. We're moving along.

34, and then you have another 16 in two weeks and then as you know we have 200 billion in abeyance and then after the 200 billion we have 300 billion in abeyance. Ok? So we have 50 plus 200 plus almost 300. It's only on China.

I don't believe them at all. I believe him. Jim Jordan is one of the most outstanding people I've met since I've been in Washington. I believe him 100 percent. No question in my mind. I believe Jim Jordan 100 percent. He's an outstanding man.