I never rule anything out, but I prefer not meeting him.

I don't think I need to, but I'm willing to do it. We're the undisputed champion of energy. We are now way ahead of number two and three, which is Saudi Arabia and Russia. Let people do what they have to do. And they've done it. But I can really step it up a lot more if we have to. So I don't believe I need to, but if we want to use strategic oil reserves, I would open them up."

Yes. I am. We can't let Los Angeles, San Francisco and numerous other cities destroy themselves by allowing what's happening. And I'm speaking to tenants -- in some cases foreign people, foreign tenants -- but they have where they're tenants in buildings throughout various cities in California, and other places... where they want to leave the country.

They can't believe what's happening. Where our policeman that are on the beat are getting sick. They're actually sick. They're going to the hospital. We can't let that happen.

We're looking at it very seriously. I've spoken to  Sec. Carson in terms of the housing element. But we have people living in our... best highways our best streets, our best entrances to buildings and pay tremendous taxes, where people in those buildings pay tremendous taxes, where they went to those locations because of the prestige.

In many cases they came from other countries and they moved to Los Angeles or they moved to San Francisco because of the prestige of the city, and all of a sudden they have tents. Hundreds and hundreds of tents and people living at the entrance to their office building. And they want to leave. And the people of San Francisco are fed up, and the people of Los Angeles are fed up. And we're looking at it, and we'll be doing something about it.

I think  fantastic. I love Keith Kellogg. Keith Kellogg he's been with me from the beginning. He's great. I like  a lot.

Anybody that can't get people standing in the middle of Manhattan in the most densely populated area of the country -- anybody could do that. I think more Democrats should do it. I get these crowds in areas that nobody's ever seen crowds before. Pretty amazing. Certainly, if I went to Manhattan, if I went there -- number one, she didn't have 20,000 people and number two, I think anybody would get a good crowd there.

I think you have a good crowd there if you don't even go there, just say you're going and how many people are in the park."

They've hurt that man and his family so badly. He has been just really devastated by the hurt that's been caused to him, his beautiful daughters, his fantastic wife -- they have hurt him so badly. ... He has been hurt so badly and it's so unfair. He's a good man. That wasn't supposed to be in the cards.

I never met her. She never treated me nicely. But I would like to wish her family well. She was a professional and I respect professionals. I respect you guys a lot, you people a lot. She was a real professional. Never treated me well, but I certainly respect her as a professional."

They are starting to buy our farm products big league.

I think there'll be a deal maybe soon, maybe before the election, or one day after the election. And if it's after the election, it'll be a deal like you've never seen, it'll be the greatest deal ever and China knows that. They think I'm going to win. China thinks I'm going to win so easily and they're concerned because I told them, if it's after the election it's going to be far worse than what it is right now.

I told them that. Would they like to see somebody else win? Absolutely. It'll be the greatest deal ever made and China knows that. If it's after the election, it'll be the toughest deal anybody's ever had to make from the standpoint of China, and they know that. China knows that. China would love to have Sleepy Joe and Elizabeth 'Pocahontas' Warren.