Thank you very much. We're with Robert O'Brien, who, as you know, is the new National Security Advisor. He's worked with me for quite a while now on hostages, and we've had a tremendous track record with respect to hostages. Robert can tell you about it. But we brought a lot of people back home and we haven't spent any money.

Big, big section, many sides. Honestly, too big for one contract. Far too big. And it's going up. I'm glad you got to see it.

So, that's good, because you can't do the money thing. If you do the money thing, all of a sudden it will double and triple and quadruple. You'll say, "What's going on?" So, Robert has been fantastic. We know each other well. And maybe, Robert, say a few words. Please. AMBASSADOR O'BRIEN: Great.

Thank you. Look, it's a privilege to serve with the President and to -- and we look forward to another year and a half of peace through strength. We've had tremendous foreign policy successes under President Trump's leadership. I expect those to continue. We've got a number of challenges, but there's a great team in place with Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Esper, Secretary Mnuchin, and others.

No. I mean, I've seen it. I mean, I saw it -- tiny sections of it -- when we were devising it. This was -- you know, this is a lot -- a lot of work coming out. We have two concepts. We have that concept and we have a point at the top -- it's a little complicated; nobody cares -- but without the structural beam because they structural beam is in a different location.

And I look forward to working with them and working with the President to keep America safe and continue to rebuild our military and really get us back to a peace-through-strength posture that will keep the American people safe from the many challenges around the world today.

Both have advantages. This is probably the strongest . You don't get much stronger than that.

No, but that's what the Democrats are putting up around their convention. They're building a big wall. We're doing it, too.  They're building a big wall around their convention, which they should do.

Yeah, I have nothing to report yet. We'll probably be speaking to you tomorrow, maybe the next day. But nothing to report. But it hasn't changed very much. I think my thinking pretty much remains the same. And we haven't learned much that we didn't know. But there is -- there is a certain -- a guarantee factor.

Just my name. They just said, "Sir, could you sign?" The Border Patrol said, "Could you sign your name?" And I did. I autographed one of the bollards. There are a lot of bollards. That's a lot of bollards. So, that's pretty good. So, I -- and I think it's moving along really well.

We're really at a point now where we know very much what happened. Yes.

No, I'm happy with Kevin. I think Kevin -- are you talking about -- which one? Oh, FEMA?

We'll see what happens. We'll see. You'll watch. Peter.

We're happy with the job they're doing. We looked at a lot of different things. We think he would have been very good. But we're also very happy with the man who's acting, who has been acting. You're talking -- you said "FEMA"? Because I didn't hear you.

Excuse me?

Yeah, we're very happy -- yeah, we're very happy with what's been going in FEMA. They did a fantastic job. Puerto Rico is 100 percent ready and every place was ready. We're not involved in the Bahamas. But after the fact, we've really been a big help to the Bahamas, as you probably have heard. No, FEMA is running very well.

I really don't know. I really don't know. That's up to him. I mean, I'm -- it's not up to me. It's up to him. We'll see what happens.

We're very happy . Yeah.

Well, we're going to see what happens. I would let them come. If it was up to me, I would let them come. I've always felt the United Nations is very important. I think it's got tremendous potential. I don't think it's ever lived up to the potential it has, but I would certainly not want to keep people out if they want to come.

No, no. We're looking at many different things. That was a news conference that was given. And we're throwing out many different ideas to Republicans and Democrats -- see where they all come out. And that was a document that you were talking -- I haven't seen that document. But we're throwing a lot of ideas out, but we're always going to be watching extremely closely the Second Amendment.

So, that would be up to them.

That was put out by, I think -- wasn't that Bill Barr, the Attorney General?

No, I actually think it's a sign of strength. We have the strongest military in the world now. And I think it's a great sign of strength. It's very easy to attack. But if you ask Lindsey, ask him: How did going into the Middle East -- how did that work out? And how did going in Iraq work out? So, we have a disagreement on that.

And, you know, there's plenty of time to do some dastardly things. It's very easy to start. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. I think we have a lot of good capital. If we have to do something, we'll do it without hesitation.

We got Bill Barr involved. He's a very -- he's an expert on guns and gun control. And about a week ago, we asked Bill to get involved. And those are ideas that we're talking to Republicans, Democrats, everybody about. Some -- some they like, some they don't like. Just a series of concepts and ideas.

He just came out with a statement. He spoke to me a little while ago. And we'll have an announcement. Okay?

Yeah.

It's very interesting. Mr. O'Brien is highly respected. He was highly respected by so many people that I didn't even know really knew him. He did a tremendous job on hostage negotiation -- really tremendous, like unparalleled. We've had tremendous success in that regard. Brought home many people.

Well, it depends on whether or not the goalposts are moved. I mean, I think we'll come to some kind of a conclusion -- you know, conclusion. We will come to a conclusion, I believe, with the Democrats. The question is whether or not, if we do, they'll say, "Well, we can't do it. We're going to move the goalposts a little bit."

And through hostage negotiation, I got to know him very well myself. But also, a lot of people that I respect rated him as their absolute, number-one choice. So, you know, I think we have a very good chemistry together, and I think we're going to have a great relationship. He is a very talented man.

It's not an easy -- I think they do want. I think there are certain Democrats that really want to do it. And I would like to do it, and Republicans would like to do it. We have to get something that we all agree on. And, you know, I've been very strong from the day you first met me on the Second Amendment.

I did.

We're going to be watching that very closely. So, we have a whole series of ideas and concepts that we're going to be talking about. And some are liked, and some aren't liked. In that report, there are some ideas that were liked and some ideas that weren't liked at all, actually.

We'll be adding some very significant sanctions onto Iran.

He's here.

We'll be announcing it over the next 48 hours.

We met last night. We met last night. I've been talking -- he was highly recommended by many people. Many, many people. Many senators recommended him. And some Democrats recommended him, actually.

We'll see what happens.

We sat down. Well, specifically, I -- you know, without going into detail, but I actually sat down with him, also, before this trip. We had a very successful fundraiser. We raised a lot of money. A lot of people showed up. But we could have had many more show up had we had the room. We went to some very large and beautiful houses, and we had some beautiful fundraisers.

Well, there are many options, as you know, Phil. There are many options. And there's the ultimate option, and there are options that are a lot less than that. And we'll see. We're in a very powerful position. Right now, we're in a very, very powerful position.

The one thing that everybody was consistent on is we could have quadrupled the attendance if we wanted to. They were big, but they could of had many more, if they had the physical room.

No, I'm saying "the ultimate option," meaning go in -- war. No, I'm not talking about -- I'm not talking about that ultimate option. No.

We'll do whatever the process is. I told them about it today, and, as you know, we did -- we had a pretty full day. A pretty full three days, actually.

Right?

Well, he is right now. I said, "Start as soon as you can. Start now." I said, "If you can start now -- " I would imagine there is a concept of swearing in. He doesn't have to be approved, as you know, through the normal -- the normal confirmation process.

I think it's a very important role. It's really a role that, if the President respects the person that's the advisor, I think it really plays a very, very important role. Okay? Thank you. Peter, thank you.

If he can. We're going to look at the exact approval process. Now, you have to understand, he's already at a high level and he's already passed Senate confirmation, et cetera, et cetera, on other things. And he's highly thought of, and many senators really liked him a lot. He's got a good way.

We're going to the border later. Are you all with me?

No, it was really a coincidence, to be honest. It was a coincidence. We've been talking -- not talking about it, we've been perfecting it for a long period of time. And it might end up in the courts -- probably will. But you'll be able to produce a car -- I wish you were there today, because I gave a whole talk on it. We'll be able to produce an automobile for substantially less money, which is substantially safer, which will also be extremely good for the environment.

In addition, you'll have a lot of cars come off the market that are 10, 12, 15 years old that are very bad for the environment and that, you know, chug a lot of fuel, because those people driving those cars don't want to switch to one of the cars that they're producing right now. Number one, they're too expensive.

We're going to show you a lot of wall. We're building a lot of wall. We won the big case and a couple of other cases, as you know. We're building a lot of wall. So, we'll be talking. We'll be talking to you later on. Okay?

Number two, they're not nearly as safe. They're lighter, much thinner, much more flimsy. And we're able to produce a sturdier car, which is safer, and we're -- we're able to do something that will cost substantially less money for the consumer.

I have not. Those results are coming in, and it's very close. Do you have any updates? Any updates? Because you people usually should know before the President, right?

Yeah.

No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Everybody knew it was going to be very close, and we'll see what happens. And, look, our relationship is with Israel. We'll see what happens. Thank you. Thank you everybody.

No, but I have asked him --

I have asked him. We'll start with those two cities. And we're looking at San Francisco. We're looking at Los Angeles. And we're looking at all of the things that are happening. The -- you know, there's tremendous pollution being put into the ocean, because they're going through a storm -- what's called a "storm sewer." That's for rainwater.

And we have tremendous things that we don't have to discuss pouring into the ocean. You know, there are needles. There are other things. A lot of bad -- a lot of -- a lot of -- it's a terrible situation. That's in Los Angeles and in San Francisco. And we're going to be giving San Francisco -- they're in total violation -- we're going to be giving them the notice very soon.

We're putting out a notice on San Francisco.

Well, you're going to see in -- over the next -- I would say, less than a week. EPA is going to be putting out a notice. And, you know, they're in serious violation. And this is environmental -- very environmental. And they have to clean it up. We can't have our cities going to hell. These are great cities.

And we can't have -- we can't lose our great cities like this.

Into his ethics?

Oh, into his Netflix? Well, it was a very substantial deal. I mean, if you were -- if he was Cecil B. DeMille, he would have gotten -- I mean, Cecil B. DeMille should be, if he ever came back from the dead, one of the greats of all time. He would have loved to have made that deal. Plus, the book was the highest book ever sold, and there were many other things that he did.

So I think somebody should -- if they're going to be looking at me over nonsense, they should certainly be looking at that also.

I don't know, but I've had a lot of bestsellers. I've written many bestsellers, that I can tell you.

Well, I think it has to be limited by the public. You know, I met with a man the other day who was 85 years old -- the sharpest guy you'll ever meet. I've dealt with people that were 92, 93, 94, and they were totally sharp. I don't -- you know, I don't -- I can't speak for Biden. I can't speak -- I know nothing about it. But he's given some very strange answers, that I can tell you.

No, I know that. No, Jimmy Carter said it, but he was referring to Biden. And he said that he was -- because Biden's having a hard time; there's no question about it. But I'm not speaking for Biden. Jimmy Carter made the statement, as I understand it, referring to Biden. But I'm just telling you, I met with somebody three days ago -- 85 years old and sharp as there is in existence.

You know, I'm sure you people have also. But not everybody is going to be that way.

Well, we have a big situation where we've defeated ISIS's caliphate. We have thousands of ISIS fighters, and we want those fighters to be taken -- I don't know if you've been really talking about this. I think it's a big thing, Peter. We have thousands of ISIS fighters that we've taken in Syria.

We've defeated -- we have 100 percent of the caliphate. We're holding -- in various forms of prison, we're holding thousands of people. Many come from Germany. Many come from France. Many come from Poland. You know, really, most of them come from various European countries, and we want them to take them back.

And I've given them a deadline. I said, "Take them back." Because we're not going to -- you know, they'd like to have us put them in Guantanamo Bay and leave them in Guantanamo Bay for the next 50 years, and cost us a fortune. I said, "Nope. You got to take them back. If they come from Germany, take them back.

We did you a big favor. If they come from France, take them back, Emmanuel. Take them back." And they're going to have to do that. And if they don't do that, we may very well release them at the borders because we have no choice. We're not going to be taking people from other countries and having them -- you know, paying the cost of them in prison for 40 years.

No, it's not. And we're looking into that. That's been a long-term -- President Obama said they were going to be totally completed and emptied out by the time he left office. And very much like judges, where, as you know, I ended up with 138 slots, you had a situation where that wasn't cleaned out.

He was going to have everybody removed and Guantanamo Bay closed up by the time he left office. And he didn't do that. He didn't do that either. So we're stuck with it.

Well, I don't know. But this was President Obama. You know that. He did say that. He said Guantanamo Bay --

-- will be totally closed.

I don't know. I mean, I just know he was very strong on the fact that -- Guantanamo Bay. So we're taking what he left, and that's where we are right now. We're going to make some decisions on it. But with respect to the ISIS fighters -- by the way, I hope you're having a good time over here, Mark.

I brought him down to talk about -- if you had any more questions on the wall.

I hope you like the wall, by the way. Do you like the wall?

Let me ask you one question. I know you're not supposed to -- as a reporter. That is a serious wall. Do you agree with that? That's serious steel.

Well, and concrete. It's got steel and concrete -- and very hard concrete, very strong concrete. You know, it's very, very -- 5,000-pound concrete is a very substantial concrete. Hello, are you okay down there?

Okay. I couldn't do that. That's a very -- that's what you get with youth.

We're looking at a lot of things. But President Obama said that Guantanamo Bay would be closed, and he never got it done.

It's just like President Obama knew about the Russians and he never got that done either, with respect to the 2016 election. So there are a lot of things he didn't get done, but that's okay. Go ahead.

Well, we're looking at a lot of things. I know about that. I think it's crazy. It's been -- it costs a fortune to operate it and I think it's crazy. But the big decision we have now is we have thousands of people -- they came from other countries. We want those countries to take them back. We did them a big favor by stopping them.

And if they came from France, we want France to take them, and to try them, and to do whatever they have to do with them. But that's a very expensive situation.

Yeah, I think you can have this on the record.

Treat it fairly if it wasn't good. But just treat it fairly.

I'm going to -- yeah, I have a great relationship with --

Could be. But I have a very good relationship with Prime Minister Modi. By the way, great relationship with Pakistan and with India. But he's got a big crowd coming, and I guess the crowd just got a lot bigger because they just announced -- he asked would I go, and I will go. Then we're stopping in Ohio on the way back, and then I guess we do the United Nations the following week.

I'm going to say, "The United States is the greatest country in the world. It's never been stronger and it's never been better, and they certainly have one of the great Presidents in our history." We love you guys. Have a good time. Go eat that chocolate cake, okay? Eat that chocolate cake. They didn't give me cake like that, Phil.

I'll grab -- I'll grab that sucker right off your plate.

I offered -- I offered to rebuild it, as a real estate developer. I was a very good real estate developer. I offered to rebuild it at a tiny fraction of what they were going to build it for. And I said, "It will end up being much more than that." They didn't even know what New York steam was versus a boiler.

They knew nothing. So it was a big deal. I made an offer. And I think it was the ambassador to Sweden -- one of the ambassadors -- because I built the building across the street. And that building -- fully built, brand new -- a tremendous building -- Trump -- you know the building, right? Right across the street.

And that building cost much less than a renovation to the United Nations. So the ambassador to Sweden, I believe, said, "I'd like to call this man." I wasn't the President. So, I was the president of the Trump Organization. "I'd like to call him." And he did. And he spoke to me. He said, "Is it true that you built that building for" -- I think it was -- I think he said, "$360 million." I said, "Yes." He said, "How could you do that for $360  and they want to spend $2 billion on renovating this smaller building -- the United Nations." I said, "Because I know how the game is played.

It could be much less." I said, "I could do the whole thing for $500 million." And he said, "What would the difference be?" I said, "The only difference would be that it would be much better. I'd use marble instead of terrazzo, which is more much expensive. I wouldn't move people out. I'd do it by floors." You know, you take three floors at a time.

You move them around. They moved everybody out, then moved everybody back. And you don't even notice any difference. I mean, I don't even notice. They spent a fortune. And I went and I made the presentation to the -- to the general. We made the presentation. It's a big deal. And I said, "I'll save you billions of dollars, because when it comes in, your people don't know what they're doing." I spoke to the people.

They didn't know anything about building, although they did know about other things, which are not good. You don't want to know about that. But they knew nothing about building. And it came out -- it came out costing billions of dollars. And I offered to do it for $500 million and it would have been a much better job.

And they wouldn't have had to empty the building, as I said. We could have done it with people in place. It would have been a great job. And I've done jobs like that, like the Grand Hyatt New York. I did that. That was the old Commodore. I've done a lot of renovation work.

Where were they coming? They were --

Oh, they were coming out?

Out of my --

Oh, it could -- oh I see, the jacket -- well, it could have been --

Hey, they have good cameras.

I do. I do.

He must --

I haven't used it in a long time.  I do.

I do leave -- I will say this, I don't carry a wallet --

-- because I haven't had to use a credit card in a long time. I do like leaving tips at the hotel. You know, I like to carry a little something. I like to give tips to the hotel. I'm telling you -- maybe a President is not supposed to do it, but I like to leave a tip at the hotel, et cetera, et cetera.

Oh, that's funny. So the jacket was blowing up and they saw it. Who is the man?

Boy, that's a good picture.  Hey, I'd like a piece of that picture. Anyways, have a good time, fellas. Don't eat that cake, okay? Have a good time.

We have a good trip -- a really good trip. I hope -- I hope you see the wall as what it is: It's a great structure and it will really do the trick. One thing I think you wanted to say about the catch-and release-program, probably?

There will be no more catch and release. Nobody coming into the country.

It would be a big -- a big step. And that's without the Democrats. It would have been easier -- you know, if we could have done it the other way. But because of what we've done through regulation and what we're doing with Mexico, we won't have catch -- within two weeks, we'll be free of catch-and-release -- releasing people into the country.

Okay?

Yes. Treat me fairly.