Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Say it?

We'll see what happens. We have a long way to go. We'll see what happens. We're doing just fine. We're doing very well with the economy. Some numbers came out that are fantastic. Our economy now is better than anybody's in the world, and it has been for the last two years. But we're doing very well, and as far as the meeting is concerned we'll see what happens.

I would like to see that.

We'll get to that later -- you'll invite me, that would be very nice.

What?

I don't know what you're saying.

Not at all, seriously. We had a perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine. Everybody knows it. It's just a Democrat witch hunt. Here we go again. They failed with Russia. They failed with recession. They failed with everything, and now they're bringing this up. The one who's got the problem is Biden, because you look at what Biden did.

Biden did what they would like to have me do, except that one problem: I didn't do it. What Biden did is a disgrace. What his son did is a disgrace. The son took money from Ukraine. The son took money from China. A lot of money from China. China would love to see -- he would -- they could think of nothing they'd rather see than Biden get in, because they will take this great deal that we're about to make, and they would really have themselves a deal . Let me just tell you.

Let me just tell you. What Biden did was wrong.

Well you're going to see, because what we are doing is we want honesty, and if we deal with a country, we want honesty, and I think with the new President, you're going to see much more honesty in the Ukraine. And that's what we're looking for. We're supporting a country. We want to make sure that country is honest.

It's very important to talk about corruption. If you don't talk about corruption, why would you give money to a country that you think is -- is corrupt. One of the reasons the new President got elected is he was going to stop corruption. So it's very important that on occasion you speak to somebody about corruption.

Very important.

Quiet. Go ahead.

Could happen soon. Could happen soon. It could happen soon. Thank you everybody.