Thank you very much. We're with Robert O'Brien, who, as you know, is the new National Security Advisor. He's worked with me for quite a while now on hostages, and we've had a tremendous track record with respect to hostages. Robert can tell you about it. But we brought a lot of people back home and we haven't spent any money.

So, that's good, because you can't do the money thing. If you do the money thing, all of a sudden it will double and triple and quadruple. You'll say, "What's going on?" So, Robert has been fantastic. We know each other well. And maybe, Robert, say a few words. Please. AMBASSADOR O'BRIEN: Great.

Thank you. Look, it's a privilege to serve with the President and to -- and we look forward to another year and a half of peace through strength. We've had tremendous foreign policy successes under President Trump's leadership. I expect those to continue. We've got a number of challenges, but there's a great team in place with Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Esper, Secretary Mnuchin, and others.

And I look forward to working with them and working with the President to keep America safe and continue to rebuild our military and really get us back to a peace-through-strength posture that will keep the American people safe from the many challenges around the world today.

Yeah, I have nothing to report yet. We'll probably be speaking to you tomorrow, maybe the next day. But nothing to report. But it hasn't changed very much. I think my thinking pretty much remains the same. And we haven't learned much that we didn't know. But there is -- there is a certain -- a guarantee factor.

We're really at a point now where we know very much what happened. Yes.

We'll see what happens. We'll see. You'll watch. Peter.

Excuse me?

I really don't know. I really don't know. That's up to him. I mean, I'm -- it's not up to me. It's up to him. We'll see what happens.

Well, we're going to see what happens. I would let them come. If it was up to me, I would let them come. I've always felt the United Nations is very important. I think it's got tremendous potential. I don't think it's ever lived up to the potential it has, but I would certainly not want to keep people out if they want to come.

So, that would be up to them.

No, I actually think it's a sign of strength. We have the strongest military in the world now. And I think it's a great sign of strength. It's very easy to attack. But if you ask Lindsey, ask him: How did going into the Middle East -- how did that work out? And how did going in Iraq work out? So, we have a disagreement on that.

And, you know, there's plenty of time to do some dastardly things. It's very easy to start. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. I think we have a lot of good capital. If we have to do something, we'll do it without hesitation.

He just came out with a statement. He spoke to me a little while ago. And we'll have an announcement. Okay?

It's very interesting. Mr. O'Brien is highly respected. He was highly respected by so many people that I didn't even know really knew him. He did a tremendous job on hostage negotiation -- really tremendous, like unparalleled. We've had tremendous success in that regard. Brought home many people.

And through hostage negotiation, I got to know him very well myself. But also, a lot of people that I respect rated him as their absolute, number-one choice. So, you know, I think we have a very good chemistry together, and I think we're going to have a great relationship. He is a very talented man.

I did.

We'll be adding some very significant sanctions onto Iran.

We'll be announcing it over the next 48 hours.

We'll see what happens.

Well, there are many options, as you know, Phil. There are many options. And there's the ultimate option, and there are options that are a lot less than that. And we'll see. We're in a very powerful position. Right now, we're in a very, very powerful position.

No, I'm saying "the ultimate option," meaning go in -- war. No, I'm not talking about -- I'm not talking about that ultimate option. No.

Right?

I think it's a very important role. It's really a role that, if the President respects the person that's the advisor, I think it really plays a very, very important role. Okay? Thank you. Peter, thank you.

We're going to the border later. Are you all with me?

We're going to show you a lot of wall. We're building a lot of wall. We won the big case and a couple of other cases, as you know. We're building a lot of wall. So, we'll be talking. We'll be talking to you later on. Okay?

I have not. Those results are coming in, and it's very close. Do you have any updates? Any updates? Because you people usually should know before the President, right?

No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Everybody knew it was going to be very close, and we'll see what happens. And, look, our relationship is with Israel. We'll see what happens. Thank you. Thank you everybody.