Hello, everybody. So, we're going to Pennsylvania, and we will have a great time in Pennsylvania. It's a tremendous state. They ought to start thinking about opening it up. You have a lot of people who want their freedom, and they'll get their freedom very soon. We've been doing very well in the numbers. And I'm going to have Kayleigh say a couple of words. Kayleigh, please.

Which was much better, which was much more complete, and which was a lot tougher. We were -- we were given very little when we came into this administration. And they've done a fantastic job. And I think we're going to have a vaccine by the end of the year, and I think distribution will take place almost simultaneously because we've geared up the military. And you'll see that tomorrow.

All right. Anything else? Kayleigh?

Thank you. And, Alex, you're going with us.

Sure.

So we have had some great response, in terms of doctors writing letters and people calling on the hydroxychloroquine. And this guy is fighting it. There's no reason to fight it. There's no reason. But more importantly than that, we've had tremendous response to the hydroxy. We've had the great response to zinc, along with it, and the Z-Pak. So a lot of people have sworn by it. And we'll see.

But I'll tell you what: To me -- I watched this guy for a little while this morning -- to me, he's nothing more than a really disgruntled, unhappy person. And I'm not just talking about Alex, because Alex said it strongly, but there are a lot of people that do not like the job he did. I don't know him. I never met him. I don't want to meet him. But I watched him, and he looks like an angry, disgruntled employee, who, frankly, according to some people, didn't do a very good job.

All right. Any other questions?

Who is stepping?

He announced he's stepping down?

I didn't know that. No.

No, I never have. No, I didn't know. When did he announce he's stepping down?

I don't know anything about it. Nothing about it. No, I never discussed it with anybody. That's -- that's too bad. That's too bad.

Go ahead.

We'll see. We'll see. We got a lot of things going with China. We're not happy about China -- I will tell you that. The ink wasn't dry on a great trade deal, and all of a sudden, the plague comes in from China. We're not happy about it.

I'm okay with it. I'm okay with it. The WT- -- if you look at the World Trade, not only the World Health -- and we'll be making an announcement on the World Health Organization shortly, soon. Probably next week sometime.

But the World Trade Organization is horrible. We've been treated very badly. I've been saying it for a long time. And we act on it. When I talk, we act on it. The World Trade, they treat China as a developing nation. Therefore, China gets a lot of the benefits that the U.S. doesn't get. They have other countries that are developing nations. And the people sitting in the Oval Office should never have let that happen. I'm going to Pennsylvania.

Yes.

I don't know how they're counting. I never discussed it with them. Death is death. We don't want people dying in this country. And we've done a great job. We've done a great job.

I'll tell you what: What we've done on ventilators and what we've done on testing -- except the press doesn't write it that way because you have all this fake news. But what we've done on testing, we've now tested more than the entire world put together. The entire world put together, we have many more tests than they do and better tests. And the reason we have more cases is because we have more testing.

We've done a great job, and the people -- the men and women that have done this great job should be acknowledged by the press.

I can't hear a word you're saying. Go ahead.

I can't hear.