Hello, everybody. You know our senator. You know our governor. They're great -- both of them. And they're doing a terrific job.

We have a big -- two speeches today. And we have   thousands and thousands of people waiting. There's never been anything like this, I will say that, with -- I'm being very humble. I'll say that, Jeff. Is that okay? But there's never been anything like it. We have tremendous crowds. You saw the lines. They formed two days ago.

So we're going to make two stops. And you're going to be with us a little bit, and I know you're going to be with us a little bit.

And we have a very exciting election coming up. We're doing very well in North Carolina, very well in Florida, very well pretty much everywhere. We're looking -- we're doing very well. And when people find out really what we've done and how good the economy is and how it's coming back, the numbers are fantastic. So we -- we seem to be in very good shape.

Any questions?

Yeah, we're having talks today. We're discussing it today, very solidly. We'll see what happens.

Nancy Pelosi, at this moment, does not want to do anything that's going to affect the election. And I think it will affect the election negatively for her.

So we'll see what happens. But there are talks going on as we speak.

I don't want to comment on that. But the Republicans will come along.

No, I think, really, Dr. Fauci is a very nice man, but we let him do what he wants to do. He gets a lot of television. He loves being on television, and we let him do it. Sometimes he says things that are a little bit off, and they get built up, unfortunately.

But he's a nice guy. I like him. But he's called a lot of bad calls. He said don't wear a mask and he said don't ban China. They were bad calls. He admits that. And I don't hold that against him. If I did, I wouldn't have him. I think he's a nice a guy.

Huh?

I don't want to. I don't want to hurt him. He's been there for about 350 years. I don't want to hurt him.

Well, he used to say don't wear a mask. So, you know, you have people on both sides of it. But I'm okay --

Excuse me. I'm okay with masks. I like it. I think it's good. A lot of people like it. This gentleman has done an incredible job in Arizona, and he's taken a very tough stand. But he's let his economy grow. And, frankly, if they would've done that in Michigan and various other places, where the governor just shut it down for everybody except for her husband.

His attitude -- you know, they had a spike, and he let the spike play. And they were careful. And now your state is really in great shape.

What a job. So proud of him.

Who said that? Who said that?

Well, you know --

-- they've given -- they've been given great protection. And when they take down people like Charlie Kirk -- you know, Charlie Kirk is a terrific person. And I was -- I just heard that he was taken down. And how can you take down Charlie Kirk? He's mainstream conservative but solid as a rock. He represents a point of view, and he's putting up something from the New York Post, which is a respected newspaper. I'll tell you what: The biggest winner in this whole thing is a newspaper called the New York Post, the oldest paper in our country.

So what they have done is really -- I'm very proud of them.

You'll be seeing very soon.

You don't understand. I understand well. You don't understand, and you never have understood.

I think so. I think we'll do better than 2016. We're way ahead of where we were in 2016, and I've done things that nobody has ever done. We built the greatest economy in the world, and we're building it rapidly again.

If you look at Arizona -- you look at the job they've done. And I'm just leaving other states. I mean, every one of these Republican-run states are doing phenomenally. The Democrat-run states are not, but they're not going to affect our numbers very much. I think they're going to open up on November 4th. They'll be opening up on November 4th.

And, by the way, the fact that Kristen Welker is, you know, a dyed-in-the-wool radical-left Democrat, or whatever she is --

Okay. Okay. And then ask -- why are you defending her?

Then ask her: Why did she delete her account? Would you please have her put her account back?

And you know what? It's not going to affect -- I know you want to stick up. It's not going to affect me. I'm going to be there. But, you know, I told you about the last one, and I was right. And I told you about Savannah Guthrie, and I was right. And I'm telling you about Kristen Welker. Kristen Welker should put all of her statements back on. She deleted her entire account. She shouldn't do that.

The what?

I have no idea.

I'm doing this.

What am I doing to prepare? I'm doing this. I've done -- I've done very well in debates. And, you know, you do what you do. You just do what you do.

The last debate, I had two on one. I usually have two on one, at least. And I did well in the last debate, and we did well with Savannah Guthrie, based on reports. But all you can do is -- look, you know, you go around; we do interviews with you. This is like -- I call this "debate prep." This is actually tougher than a debate, if you want to know the truth.

Say it?

The testing?

Sure. I would have no problem with it.

I'm -- not only am I free -- positive, or whatever -- what would you call it? I'm totally free. Right? Not only am I free, I'm immune, they say. They say if you've had it, you're immune. Now, the question is, are you immune for four months or for the rest of your life? That's the only thing we don't know.

Sure. Is that very important to you?

You seem to be so intent. But if it's so important to you -- why is it so important to you?

I know. But why? Why?

I know. But why is it so important to you?

Look at the dedication. Yeah, my doctors have already given it. You know, my doctors have given more information than has been given on any human being in the history of the world.

He is a criminal. He's a criminal. He got caught --

Read his laptop. And you know who's a criminal? You're a criminal for not reporting it. You are a criminal for not reporting it.

Let me tell you something: Joe Biden is a criminal, and he's been a criminal for a long time. And you're a criminal, and the media, for not reporting it. Good luck, everybody. Have a good time. Have a good time.