So, what just happened, as you know, as the witness was fully impeached. He admitted that he lied. That was a Perry Mason moment. I hope you caught it. I don't know if you did. A lot of times, the press doesn't like to report what happened, but the credibility of the press is very important. So, he just admitted that he lied.

That was a big one. Any other question? Yes.

Well, he wasn't -- he wasn't working for me at the time that he lied. You know, when he was doing that testimony, that was before Congress, a very heavily sworn testimony, he was not even working for me, that he had already left. So, he -- he lied, and he admitted that he lied. I'm not sure he really had a choice but to admit it because we caught him.

But now, he's been totally impeached, as he was in theory before he even made that statement.

But that was very much a Perry Mason moment. What is happening with Congress? Go ahead.

Go ahead. Go ahead.

Well, this should happen in terms of this particular trial. I think -- I think it should be dropped. It should have never been started. I don't have a jury. It should have never been started. The judge is a Democrat, but I do respect the judge. I do respect the judge. And, you know, it's very unfair. She -- she worked the trial so that it comes under a certain statute where you don't get a jury.

That's very unfair.

Well, you saw my statements over the last few days about Mike Johnson. I don't know where that stands right now because I've been sitting in court all day, so I'll find out soon. But he's very respected.

What?

You mean the conversation?

That I can't tell you.

No, not at all.

With respect to what?

No, not at all. No.

Yeah. Any other questions?

Any other questions?

Somebody what?

Well, they're offered a deal and they're taking deals. But from what I understand, they're saying nothing bad about me at all. But they're taking deals. A lot of people, they've been under investigation for years on this. And they don't go after the people that rigged the election and stole the election.

They go after people that have been trying to find out who rigged it and who stole it. And a lot of people know that answer. And if you look at the polls on the public, the public believes very strongly that the election was rigged and stolen. But when somebody has gone after for years, any one of a number of people, for years and years and years, and they eventually say, "Look, let's try and make a deal and get out of this," because it's ruined their lives.

And yet, the people that rigged it, nothing happens to them. It's very sad, very bad for our country. Thank you.