All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. I'll stand a little bit closer. Do you need that closer? Thank you. Whenever you're ready. Well, thank you very much. So, as you know, the first lady's mother passed away. The funeral is tomorrow, and we would have assumed that for a trial like this, it's not an emergency in terms of timing.

The judge would have been very nice and would let me go because I want to be at every trial day because I saw what happened in the first one where I was asked not to go by the lawyers. Very much, they said it's demeaning. There was no evidence. There was no anything. And so, I didn't go, and I understood exactly what he meant when he said it was demeaning, there was no reason to go and you shouldn't go. And I decided on this one.

Same judge, same judge. He's a radical Trump hater. And I said I will go to all days. So, what happened very terribly is we asked to just delay the trial for one day so I could go to the funeral tomorrow, and then we could start Friday or Monday or any time they want. And he said, "Absolutely not. The trial will go on just as it is. You can go to the funeral or you can go to the trial, but you can't do both." I thought it was terrible.

I thought it was terrible. So, he would rather have me miss the funeral or go to the funeral and miss the trial. And that's a nasty man. He's a nasty judge. He's a Trump-hating guy and it's obvious to everybody in the court. It's a disgrace, frankly, what's happening. It's a disgrace. Happens to be a Clinton appointment, but I'm sure that has nothing to do with it. So, that's as to that.

Second order of business, I'm leaving right now for New Hampshire. We're making a big speech up in New Hampshire. We just got a poll in that shows me leading by a lot, and I think we'll do there maybe similar to what we did in Iowa. The difference is that in New Hampshire, they allow Democrats to vote, for whatever reason, in the Republican primary and they also let independents vote in the Republican primary.

So, that is a big difference. But we have a -- a nice journey. It's going to take place in about five minutes when I'm finished with you people. I'll be leaving for New Hampshire, in other words, right after this. And then as to the trial, today was a very interesting day. As you probably noticed, it's a big story that the witness today, the -- a person I never knew, I never had anything to do with.

It's a totally rigged deal. This whole thing is rigged. Election interference. But this is a person I have no idea -- until this happened, obviously, I have no idea who she was and nor could I care less. It's a rigged deal. It's a made-up, fabricated story. Well, they found out today that she got rid of a lot of evidence, as you probably noticed.

She got rid of massive amounts of evidence. And in addition to that, she had a rifle or a gun because she said she bought gun bullets or rifle bullets, and it was the opposite, I guess, of her gun. And was it licensed? No, it wasn't licensed. So, I guess she's got a difficult problem. That's going to be her problem.

But she has a gun or a rifle. She didn't really explain which. She might have both because she said she bought rifle bullets. So -- and it's totally unlicensed. So, I assume that's a problem. But the judge was protecting her. He didn't want to go there. "We don't want to go there. We don't want to --" If that were me, it would be a different story.

But with her, the judge is totally protective of them. And frankly, anybody in that court would see it. It's -- frankly, it's a disgrace. That's probably one of the reasons our country is going to hell. So, the big take today was that she deleted and destroyed massive amounts of evidence, and we think that the -- both trials should be thrown out because it's ridiculous.

They should be thrown out. And I, frankly, am the one that suffered damages. I should be given money given damages, and that's where that is. And with that being said, I'm heading out to New Hampshire. Thank you very much for being back here. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Nice to see you, Paula.

You take care.