here.

Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have the president with us, and he's been through a lot. He's been through a tremendous amount, like probably nobody else -- almost nobody else in history if you really get right down to it. And we're going to have a discussion and see what we can come up with. But a great honor to have you with us.

Thank you very much.

Yes.

OK. My honor.

Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you very much. You have a question for the president? Anybody?

Could you say it a little louder, please?

Nothing. Look, this is a meeting, and we have a big race going on right now. I guess 37 days left, and we're leading in the polls. So, we'll see how it all works out. Hopefully, it'll work out. But if it does, we're going to work very much with both parties to try and get this settled and get it worked out.

It has to end at some point. It has to end. He's gone through hell, and his country has gone through hell like few countries have ever -- like it's happened anywhere. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. It's a terrible situation. And I will say I have had a great relationship. It was very honorable.

I don't even know if you know this. But when they did the impeachment hoax -- it was a hoax, just a Democrat hoax, which we won. But one of the reasons we won it so easily is that when the president was asked -- it was over a phone call with the president, and he said he could have grandstanded and played cute, but he didn't do that.

He said President Trump did absolutely nothing wrong. He said it loud and clear, and the impeachment hoax died right there. He could have said, "Well, I don't know. I mean, I don't know." And I never even told you this to be honest, but he was -- he was like a piece of steel. He said, "President Trump did nothing wrong."

We had a very nice call. He congratulated me on his victory. You just won. And I remember that. I remember that. He could have played cute, and he didn't play cute. And so, I appreciated that. So, we have a very good relationship, and I also have a very good relationship, as you know, with President Putin.

And I think if we win, I think we're going to get it resolved very quickly. Very -- I really think we're going to get it resolved --

We're going to have -- oh, I see.

Yeah. But, you know, it takes two to tango. You know -- and we will -- we're going to have a good meeting today. And I think the fact that we're even together today is a very good sign. And hopefully, we'll have a good victory because the other side wins, I don't think you're going to have victories with anything to be honest with you.

So, we're going to sit down, just discuss it. And if we have a win, I think long before I -- before January 20th, before I would take the presidency -- it's January 20th. But long before that, I think that we can work out something that's good for both sides. It's time. And by the way, the president knows that, too.

He wants to get something done. He doesn't want to do this. And so, we look forward to having the meeting. I look forward to being with him. But what I said is true. He was a -- he was a piece of steel. He gave a very honest, straight answer and that -- it really ended -- essentially ended the impeachment hoax, and I appreciated that. Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you very much, everybody.

You want to go this side?

Oh, that's better. Yeah.

Sure. That'd be good.

Pulitzer prize winner  right here. He dodged a bullet.

He actually got . He got a picture of the bullet. He's quick. He's fast as a bullet, right?