Hello, everybody. Thank you very much. So, we're going to have a good tour today of Detroit and other places. I hear we're leading in Michigan. We're leading in Pennsylvania. I hear we're doing really well -- hello. How are you? It's been a while. You look good. I hear we're doing very well in just about every location.

I think we're doing great in Arizona. And Nevada, we're doing very well. So, I -- I guess you see that, that's why you're here. And we're going to have a little fun today. We're doing a speech at the end. And it's been very good. It's been very, very good.

The who?

What event have I canceled? I haven't canceled.

She doesn't go to any events. She's a loser. She doesn't go to any events. She didn't even show up for the Catholics last night at the hotel. It was insulting. They -- all they are, are sound bites. So, today, I was at "Fox and Friends" at 7 in the morning. I, then, went to two different other appearances.

I, then, made about 15 phone calls. I've gone 48 days now without a rest. And I've got that loser who doesn't have the energy of a rabbit. Let me tell you something. She should have been last night with the Catholics. So, all they do is put out sound bites. Tell me when you've seen me take even a little bit of a rest.

Not only am I not -- I'm not even tired. I'm really exhilarated. You know why? We're killing her in the polls because the American people don't want her. She didn't pass her bar exam. She's not a smart person. She's not a person that should represent our country. So, I just want to let you know that very clearly. Go ahead.

I think it makes it easier.

He's called me, yes.

He's called me. I have not spoken -- I'm going to speak to him probably now.

Well, look, he's doing a good job. Biden is trying to hold him back. Just so you understand, Biden is far superior to the -- to the VP. He's trying to hold him back, and he probably should be doing the opposite, actually. I'm glad that Bibi decided to do what he had to do, but it's -- it's moving along pretty good. Everything's moving along. Yes, you have a --

You mean deranged, Jack Smith. He's a deranged lunatic who lost Florida. He's losing everything he's doing. He should have never been put in charge of this case. There is no case. I did absolutely nothing wrong. He's a deranged person. You know what it is? It's called election hunting. That's all they're doing.

Election hunting. It's the weaponization of the justice system. And the people are  nothing was released. There's nothing released. In Florida, he said the same thing, and he lost the case soundly. And he'll keep losing the case. He's got no case. All they're trying to do is anything they can do to help them with the election because they're losing very badly.

And the American public is totally aware -- aware of what's happening.

Yeah, Kamala has allowed 21 million people at least probably more than that to enter our country. Many of them are murderers, they're drug dealers, they're people we don't want. They're terrorists. A lot -- we have the largest number of terrorists in our country right now that we've ever had according to the records, all allowed by the worst border security in history.

And that's Kamala. She was the border czar. I watched her make a fool out of herself on Bret Baier. She was the border czar. She doesn't know what she's doing. This is a woman that doesn't have a clue. Frankly, I think they should put back Biden. And now, based on the numbers, I think I'm doing better against her than I am against Biden.

So, maybe Biden will go back, they'll do it a third time.

Well, it's an honor. I mean, frankly, it's an honor. I've got a lot of endorsements from Arab Americans, from a lot of people. So, that's a great honor.

Well, I don't think they're going to be voting for her because she doesn't know what she's doing, so I don't see him voting for her. I don't see a lot of people voting for her. She's not a smart person.

Yeah, my health records, I've done five exams over the last four years. You've got them all. Obviously --

I'm in the middle of a very big and very contentious fight. We're leading. I've given my health exams. I've also done cognitive tests twice. And I've aced, meaning a perfect score. I want to see her do a cognitive test because she couldn't ace -- because she wasn't born smart. All right, thank you, everybody.