So, instead of being in South Carolina and other states campaigning, I'm stuck here. It's an election interference case. Nobody's ever seen anything like it in this country. It's a disgrace. It's a disgraceful situation, actually, and we'll just have to figure it out. I'll be here during the day and I'll be campaigning during the night.

Biden should be doing the same thing, but he'll be sleeping. This is all from the DOJ. This all comes out of Washington. They're coordinated with the district attorney and the AG. The case tomorrow, which is a rigged deal, is all coordinated with the district attorney and it's coordinated with the attorney general of New York, Letitia James, who ought to be ashamed of herself.

She has campaigned for years of trying to get Trump without knowing anything about me. It's all a rigged -- it's a rigged state. It's a rigged city. It's a shame. They ought -- what they ought to do is go out and take care of the violent crime and the migrant crime that's destroying people and killing people, not a case that everybody says -- you take a look at the legal documents and the legal scholars writing about this.

They say there's no crime. This is no crime. But outside, right outside their courthouse, this courthouse, people are being murdered. So, it's a very unfair situation. They want to keep me nice and busy so I can't campaign so hard. But maybe we won't have to campaign so hard because the other side is incompetent.

The other side has done a horrible job running this country. They've done a horrible job at the border. You take a look at New York with the hundreds of thousands of people pouring in from other countries all over the world. You just take a look at what's happening. And I'm going to have to sit here for months on a trial.

I think it's ridiculous. It's unfair. A trial that legal scholars say there's no crime. They say there's no crime. Now, somebody asked a question about NATO before. All I can say is this. NATO countries have to pay up. They have to pay their bills. The United States is in for $200 billion, and they're in for $25 billion.

The economy -- as you know, their -- their economy, when you add them up, they add up the countries that make up NATO, it's about the same size as our economy. So, we're in for 200 billion. They're in for 25 billion. And it's much more important to them because we have an ocean in between. It's a much more -- much different thing.

So, the NATO countries have to pay up. They're not paying up. They're not paying what they should, and they laugh at the stupidity of the United States of America, where we have a guy that gives $60 billion every time somebody comes and asks for it. We shouldn't be doing that. They're laughing at us. They think we're the stupid country because of our leadership.

But as far as this is concerned, it's election interference by Biden because it's the only way he can think to get elected because he's accomplished nothing. But I'm honored to sit here. I'm honored to sit here day after day after day on something that everybody says, the greatest legal scholars say it's not even a crime.

Thank you very much.

I'll do it in the evening.