OK, thank you very much. Appreciate it. And we just had another hearing. And the trial starts on Monday, which is long before a lot of people thought. The judge wants this to go as fast as possible. That's for his reasons, not for my reasons. And this is really a concerted witch hunt, very simple. Everything you heard in there, this is a witch hunt by numerous judges, Democrat judges.

You take a look at it. Engoron is a whack job. What he did was a disgrace. He's being reviewed by the Appellate Division. And I hope they do justice to everybody's looking. And nobody noticed this is coming into the city, none whatsoever. They're looking at that case. That case is a threat to democracy, frankly.

What took place with the AG, a crooked AG, Letitia James, who campaigned with the fact -- who campaigned with the fact that "I'm going to get Trump, I'm going to get Trump." That's all she said for two years. And it's -- people don't want to see this stuff, when you have violent criminals all over the streets of New York and nothing happens.

So, even when they catch him, they let him go. No bail, no bail whatsoever. So, this is just a concerted witch hunt, whether it's Judge Kaplan with a person. I have no idea. Until they called and said they're suing us, I had no idea who this person was or this judge. Or if you look at Engoron, where he said that Mar-a-Lago, which if it was worth $1 billion or $1.5 billion, he said it was worth $18 million because that suited his narrative.

But what -- what's happening in this city -- and all over the country, but what's happening in particular in this city? Some are very good, by the way. Some are very fair. Those just really the cities that are thriving. But what's happening here with the judicial system is an outrage. And all over the world they're watching it, and all over the world they're seeing it. This is a giant witch hunt to try and hurt a campaign that's feeding the worst president in history.

Biden is the worst president in the history of our country, beating him by a lot. And this is the only way they think they can win, but it's not going to work. Thank you very much, everybody.