So, I'm not allowed to comment on any of that. As you know, I'm under a gag order, which is very unprecedented. But I will say this, that the government, DOJ, etc., etc., and in particular, lately, this office of DA, which is letting crime -- violent crime run rampant all over our city, what they've done to people in my company, they've been after us for years.

You take a look at what's happened here. The Democrats, the radical left, they've been after us for years and they've destroyed people's lives. They've gone out and hired lawyers. They've been with lawyers for years and sucked dry. That is a shame. It's a shame what they've done to this country. And it's a shame what they've done to a lot of great people that have been absolutely ruined and destroyed, not only here, all over.

These are vicious, vicious radical left lunatics. The DA here is Soros-backed. They shouldn't be wasting time on this. Look what they do to so many people. They're all lawyered up. That's all they do, lawyer up. In the meantime, you can't do anything in the country. The country is going to hell. They have no time.

They have no anything left because they're always under siege. It's a -- it's a terrible, terrible thing happening in our country. And hopefully, November 5th, the most important day in the history of our country, in my opinion, that's called Election Day, hopefully, it's going to change because these people are destroying our country, whether at the border; whether the horrible reports that came out today, our jobs numbers, with all you hear; whether inflation, which is destroying us; a lousy economy; Afghanistan; allowing Russia to attack Ukraine.

It would have never happened. Then you take October 7th in Israel, that would have never happened. All of these things happening, and all they do is they go after people. They destroy people. And it's a shame. So, I just want to wish everybody a very good weekend. I was -- I was very interested in what took place today.

But I just have to say, we have a country to build. We have to rebuild it. Our country has gone to hell. We're a nation in decline, and we can't -- we cannot let that happen to the USA. Thank you very much.