Hello, everybody.

The governor is doing a very good job. He's having a hard time getting the president on the phone. I guess they're not -- they're not being responsive. The federal government is not being responsive. But they're having a very hard time getting the -- getting the president on the phone. He won't get on.

And, of course, the Vice President she's out someplace campaigning, looking for money. So, they got to be -- they have to be focused over here. It's too big. This is a really bad one. And the governor is doing a good job, but he's having a hard time getting the president on the phone. They're being very nonresponsive.

We're also going to be going -- we're talking with North Carolina. We're trying to get them hooked up with communication. They're totally closed right now. North Carolina has really been hit hard, really, really been hit hard, the hardest. And you can't even get in there right now. And there are a lot of people that have been injured or worse, very bad.

North Carolina, we're working with the people of North Carolina now to get them hooked up for communication. And in the meantime, we're at Valdosta, and we're going to work with the mayor and congressman and everybody else. We've brought a lot of supplies. We're with Franklin Graham who has been always fantastic in these cases.

Nobody better. He does with Samaritan's Purse. He's done an unbelievable job. And how is it going, Franklin?

So, Franklin needs a lot of volunteers, and I know we'll get him. He's done an incredible job in these instances. And this looks like a bad one, really, compared --

The worst we've seen in years. So -- so, if anybody, maybe you can get that word out, the media can get the word out. He needs volunteers as quickly as possible.

No, I haven't reached out to him. No, I think he's sleeping right now, actually.

I think JD is going to do great. He's a very smart guy. He's done a great job. People like him a lot. And he's against the tampon Tim. I think -- I don't think he should have ever been chosen. He's not qualified. But JD is a very smart guy, as everybody knows. I think he's going to do great.

No, he doesn't need it. I will. But we've been speaking a little bit back and forth. I think he's in good shape. OK? Thank you very much.