Thank you.

It's a great one. Yes.

Well, we're just going to have a great nation again. We're going to bring it back to better than it ever was. I think we're going to see things that -- and it's going to go fast. We're going to see some amazing things, but we're going to bring it back at a level that a lot of people didn't think was really possible.

That's  they really want to see something happen, and we're going to give that to them. We are -- we're doing our job. We're doing a real job here. We have great people. Many are here tonight, but you're going to be very happy.

Well, I just want everybody to be happy, healthy, and well. Thank you.

Well, he was way behind. He would have really, I assume, not had a chance. He was way behind her, and we won in record numbers as you know, won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of people. So, you know -- hey, look, I wish him well. He had a chance to do it in the debate, and that didn't work out too well for him.

That was, I guess, the reason. That really led to his downfall.

Well just great -- a great year. I think we're going to do fantastically well as a country. We're going to bring it back. It has to be brought back. People are not respecting our country very much, and they're going to respect us a lot. I think a lot of progress has been made over the last five weeks. It's been pretty amazing when you look at what's happened.

There's a whole light over the whole world, not just our country. There are a lot of very happy people.

Say what?

Oh, I think they'll support Speaker Johnson. I think we're going to have a great time in Washington, and I think we're going to get great support. He's the one that can win right now. People like him; almost everybody likes him. Others are very good, too, but they have 30 or 40 people that don't like them.

So, that's pretty tough.

Well, if necessary, but I think, really, we're going to have a great time. We're going to get a successful vote. He's a good man. He's a very -- he's a wonderful person, and that's what you need. We really do.

I didn't change my mind. I've always felt that we have to have the most competent people in our country. We need competent people. We need smart people coming into our country, and we need a lot of people coming in. We're going to have jobs like we've never had before.

Say it?

I do. I'll be there. We were invited.

I'd rather not say.

Well, I think we have great nominees. We're doing very well as you know. And I think most of them are being thought of very highly, just about all of them. So, I think we're going to do very well.

Well, I don't know. There's a traditional meeting. Some people would say we already had that. You know, we met a week and a half ago. But if it's appropriate, I'd like to -- you know, I'd like to do that. Yeah?

You know, it's a shame the whole thing started. It would have never started if I were president. You wouldn't have Ukraine.

You wouldn't have Ukraine-Russia problems. You wouldn't have had the Israeli problem with what happened on October 7th -- was just a horrible thing. All of the things -- you wouldn't have inflation. Inflation was a disaster, one of the reasons we had the country. We won the country by the kind of numbers we won by, which were record-setting numbers.

All of these things -- and then you take a look -- also look at all of the other problems that they caused, the problems that they caused in this country. And specifically, I ran on the border and millions and millions of people that flowed through our border from prisons, from mental institutions, people that should not be in our country.

And you see the crime numbers are going through the roof. Look at New York City. Look at Chicago. Look at Los Angeles. They're going through the roof. We're going to get them out. We're going to get them out fast. Thank you very much, everybody.

We're going to see what happens.

Just put it this way. They better let the hostages come back soon.