So, this was a very big day, a very revealing day. As you see, their case is totally falling apart. They have nothing on books and records and even something that should bear very little relationship to the case. It's just a disaster for the D.A., the Soros-backed D.A. It's a disaster. This whole case was a disaster.

If you read the legal scholars, you'll see, because they're writing about it, they've never seen anything quite like it, and neither have I. I should be out campaigning right now. We're leading in all the polls. I'd like to be campaigning. We'd be leading by a lot more. But I just want to appreciate -- I appreciate the job you're doing.

It's not easy standing there all day waiting, but you're hearing the same things that we're hearing. On another matter, as you know, it's Biden's backers that seem to be funding the -- what's going on with the Palestinians, but probably not Palestinians, the agitators, bad agitators, really bad. And I think our government ought to find out who they are, where they're from, and treat them the same way as they do the J6 hostages.

You got to treat them the same way. These are agitators. They're really hurting our country. It's happening all over the country, in cities, so what happened last night at the Metropolitan Museum. These are agitators. And in some of the colleges. I think it's about 20% students and 80% others. So, this is a big problem, and they better nip it in the bud.

And it's a problem from the left, not from the right. This is a problem from the left. And I hope you can stress that. The economy is not doing well. You see, inflation is through the roof. They're not going to be able to lower interest rates. If they do, it's clearly political, but it will be very bad if they do it from the standpoint of getting rid of inflation.

You have to get rid of the inflation. Inflation, as you probably have heard me say, it's a country buster. It busts countries, and it has for a thousand years. You go back and you look at old-time Germany, you look at a lot of countries that went through the kind of inflation we're going through, and they're busted.

They are just broken up, broken up, in many cases, into little pieces. And that's what could actually happen to us. So, we have to get inflation under control. We have to get prices down so that people can breathe. People can live, so they can live. But again, this was a very revealing day in court. Any honest reporter would say that.

I would recommend you read Jonathan Turley and Andrew McCarthy and Alan Dershowitz, Gregg Jarrett, Mark Levin, very talented people, and others, and others. There are some incredible people out there that are writing about this trial. They're calling it a disgrace. It's a disgrace. In the meantime, I'm stuck.

I'm here, instead of being in Georgia, instead of being in New Hampshire, instead of being in Wisconsin, and all the different states that we wanted to be in. We're not able to be there because we're stuck in this trial, which everyone knows is a hoax. Thank you very much. Thank you.