All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. We got a long day in court, as always, but I'm very happy about the way things are going. The -- the fact is that we're looking outside and we're seeing all the things that are taking place in our economy with inflation, with the kind of numbers that are being announced.

We're seeing all of the crime that's going on outside. And I'll be sitting in this courtroom over this, this is just ridiculous. It's -- it's election interference at the highest level. Never been done before in our country. And I should be out campaigning right now, and I want to be out campaigning like I was yesterday.

We finally had a break, and I was out campaigning yesterday. Very unfair. There's never been anything like this in the history of our country. Never. So, we're doing well. The polls are extremely good. Despite that, the polls are extremely good, the best we've ever had. And it looks like we're doing very well.

Any questions?

RFK, I don't know anything about him. Look, RFK is polling very low. He's not a serious candidate. They say he hurts Biden. I don't know who he hurts. He might hurt me. I don't know. But he has very low numbers. Certainly not numbers that he can debate with. And he's got to get his numbers up a lot higher before he's credible.

But the -- the numbers -- the numbers that he's taken away, they say, will be against Biden. I don't know. I'm not so sure. It could be a little bit against me, but I don't see him as a factor.

My favorite what?

Who is my favorite for vice president? Well, I'll be making that determination sometime prior to the convention.

Well, I'm not allowed to testify. I'm under a gag order, I guess. Right? I can't even testify to that. Now, we're going to be appealing the gag order, right? I'd love to answer that question. It's a very easy question. The easiest question so far. But I'm not allowed to testify because this judge who's totally conflicted has me under an unconstitutional gag order.

Nobody's ever had that before, and we don't like it, and it's not fair. Other people are allowed to do whatever they want to us, and I'm not allowed as a presidential candidate, the leading candidate, the Republican Party nominee, and the one who's leading Biden by a lot, I'm not allowed to talk. There's never been any abuse like this before.

This conflicted judge ought to get out of this case. He shouldn't be -- he should not be having this case. He gives us nothing. That's such a rigged court. So, I'm not allowed to testify because of an unconstitutional gag order. We're appealing the gag order, and let's see what happens. Thank you very much.