Well, thank you very much. Just to begin, so, the news on inflation it's -- it really is rapid. It's moving at a level that people have not seen. They don't seem to be able to cut it down. Biden has no control over what's happening. We started with energy, and now it's taking on a life of its own, sort of saying.

We'll get it fixed. I'd like to be out campaigning right now, but again -- I've been here almost five weeks in court. They have no case, and there's no crime. Every single legal expert -- I can say this again and again, and every time they come up, maybe at some point they'll come out and say, "Oh, we found something." But every single legal expert, Andy McCarthy, Jonathan Turley, Mark Levin, everyon, Gregg Jarrett, these are great talents, these are -- actually very great guys.

And they're not necessarily on my side historically over the years. But they're very talented people, they're legal scholars, highly respected. Every single person is saying there's no crime. There's no crime. It's a kangaroo court. There's never been anything like this that I've ever seen. Now, I have two other trials that were kangaroo courts also.

It's stacked up. And hopefully, Appellate Divisions will take care of those things because they, you know, egregious. And the problem is that New York is really on trial itself. The whole world is watching to see what's happening. And you can't use conflicted judges. He's a conflicted judge, a highly conflicted judge.

And you just can't do that. You just cannot allow that to happen because you'll ruin the whole system. The whole system comes tumbling down. And New York, look, I love New York. This is where I grew up. I was born here, I grew up here. And I see what's happening with this judicial system. And it's just -- they call it all kangaroos, and we just can't have it. And I think the appellate courts can take care of a lot of things, but this one shouldn't even get to an appellate court.

This should be an easy ruling, and it should really be. And I think it'd be great for Judge Merchan to rule from the bench and to terminate this witch hunt. And it needs it. It really needs decisiveness. Every single scholar says there's been no crime. He's done nothing wrong. And I'm fighting for 300 million people.

I mean, I have no choice. It's not that I like doing this, sitting in an ice box all day or seven, eight, nine hours. And it's a very cold room, I will tell you that. But I'm doing this because our country needs it. Our constitution is under threat. Our country needs it. So, here I am. I will be doing something in the morning and then probably coming back in the afternoon.

And we'll be resting pretty quickly. Resting, meaning we'll be resting the case. I won't be resting. I don't rest. I'd like to rest sometimes, but I don't get to rest. But we are -- we have a phenomenal case. We've won the case by any standard. Any other judge, he would've thrown this case down. Any other judge would have thrown this case down.

And I think that Juan Merchan would do himself and do the state and city a great service by doing what everybody knows should be done. And so, we're going to go in. We'll have another little scrum in a little while. Perhaps, it should end a little bit early today. We appreciate you suffering with us. You've been with us for five weeks.

And you see the crowds outside, we can't get -- it's not a very big thing for us. We don't really care that much. But people want to get out there, and you have all police. The only people that are led out there is the radical left lunatics, and they put our people four or five blocks away. There are a lot, too. But I say that doesn't matter. What matters is what's going on in this courthouse. So, thank you very much. We'll be back a little bit later. Thank you.