This is an assault on America. Nothing like this has ever happened before. There's never been anything like it. Every legal scholar said this case is nonsense. It should have never been brought. It doesn't deserve anything like this. There is no case, and they've said it. People that don't necessarily follow or like Donald Trump said this is an outrage that this case was brought.

This is political persecution. This is a persecution like never before. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And again, it's a case that should have never been brought. It's an assault on America. And that's why I'm very proud to be here. This is an assault on our country. And it's a country that's failing.

It's a country that's run by an incompetent man who's very much involved in this case. This is really an attack on a political opponent. That's all it is. So, I'm very honored to be here. Thank you very much.

So, thank you very much. We had some amazing things happen today. As you know, my son is graduating from high school, and it looks like the judge will not let me go to the graduation of my son, who has worked very, very hard. He's a great student. Very proud of the fact that he did so well. I was looking forward for years to have his graduation with his mother and father there, and it looks like the judge isn't going to allow me to escape this scam.

It's a scam trial. If you read all the legal pundits, all the legal scholars today, there's not one that I see that said this is a case that should be brought or tried. It's a scam. It's a political witch hunt. It continues and it continues forever. And we're not going to be given a fair trial. It's a very, very sad day.

In addition, as you know, next Thursday, we're before the United States Supreme Court on a very big hearing on immunity. And this is something that we've been waiting for a long time. And the judge, of course, is not going to allow us. He's a very conflicted judge, and he's not going to allow us to go to that.

He won't allow me to leave here for half a day, go to D.C., and go before the United States Supreme Court because he thinks he is superior, I guess, to the Supreme Court. We got a real problem with this judge. We have a real problem with a lot of things having to do with this trial, including the DA. Because you go right outside, the people are being mugged and killed all day long, and he's sitting here all day with like 10 or 12 prosecutors over nothing, over nothing, over what --

Over what people say -- over what people say shouldn't be a trial. So, I just want to thank you very much, but that I can't go to my son's graduation or that I can't go to the United States Supreme Court, that I'm not in Georgia or Florida or North Carolina campaigning like I should be. It's perfect for the radical-left Democrats.

That's exactly what they want. This is about election interference. That's all it's about. Thank you very much.