Are you OK? Everybody good? Everybody fine?

Nice to see you. I just saw you on television. This is the group that wanted to meet with me.  in New York.  I need to say  I've built many buildings. We have great people, great -- great contractors and great people. And I have a lot of support. I eat here. The Teamsters, you know, I've done a lot of work with Teamsters.

I built a lot of buildings with the Teamsters, and they like me, a lot of Teamsters here. And it's an amazing show of affection. But we did a great job.

I think there's may be more Democratic, but, to me, they're Republican. And there's not a Democrat in there. These are people -- look at that building. Look at what we can do. We built a lot of great buildings in this city with these people and  support. They're really amazing. First thing, you know what, they're very, very, very talented people.

They don't get the credit for it. They are -- very few people can do what they do. We used to do three floors a week in concrete, and it was guys like this that did it. So, it's very amazing.

No, he's been very nice. He's been -- David's been very nice. He's a nice guy.

What's that?

Well, we have a big case today. This judge isn't allowing me to go. We have a big case today in the Supreme Court on presidential immunity. A president has to have immunity. If you don't have immunity, you just have a ceremonial president. You won't have a president.

You know, we have a big -- we have a very big case, very big case

Say it. What?

He's very talented, very smart. They know what to do. They're going to be  Thank you.

We're very close in New York, I understand, and we're leading in the country by a lot. Poll just came out a little while ago, as you saw yesterday, that we -- we're up in every swing state and up by a lot in every swing state. So, I think we're going to do very well. And we're going to make a play for New York.

It's -- they said, I just heard, there was a very good poll that came out. Look, normally, a Democrat will win New York. Biden is the worst president in history. And we have some very bad people here, but we have the greatest people, and they're right behind me. And they all want us to run, and we're going to -- we're going to run very hard in New York.

New York, we have a good chance of winning New York, in my opinion. But we're going to give it a shot. We're going to give it a shot.

Oh, I have no idea. I have no idea. They've taken my constitutional right away with the gag order. That's all it is. It's election interference. This whole thing is election interference. So, the polls have just come out, and I just got another sample. We're leading every swing state by a lot and we're leading the nation by a lot.

He's the worst president in the history of our country. He makes Jimmy Carter look great. Jimmy Carter is very happy because his presidency was brilliant by comparison. But this is the worst president we've ever had. He's destroying our country. Close the borders. You can do it in one -- one phone call, you can close the borders.

Close up the borders, Joe. Our country is going to hell. Thank you.

these people and others, and we'll look at this.

It's election interference. That's all it is. Thank you, everybody.