my best debate ever I think. And we had a -- it was very interesting. It showed how weak they are, how pathetic they are, and what they're doing to destroy our country and the border with foreign trade, with everything. And I think it was the best debate I've ever personally that I've had.

We're getting polls that show 92 to six, 88 to 11. So, we're having a lot of great polls that just came out there. Polls, I guess, phone calls and lots of other polls, but you see the polls, a very important debate. Now, she wants to do another one because she got beaten tonight, but I don't know.

The polls are indicating that we got 90%, 60%, 72%, 71%, and 89%.

So, the polls are very good. Beyond the polls, I felt very good. I had a good time doing it. I hate to speak about our country so negatively, but that's what happened. They've ruined our country. They've destroyed our country. So, I hope you're all having a good time, but it was a very interesting -- yes?

Well, I think it did, but people said, would I come here? And I made an obligation to a couple of people, I'm going to do their show. But it was a --

I thought it was a great night.

Go ahead.

I have no idea.

No, I think the moderators were very unfair, but basically, it was three on one. And -- but I thought they were very unfair, the moderators. Everybody did. But despite that, they're saying that the debate was .  Yeah. I assume the moderators would be bad because that right there is the worst of all the news networks in my opinion. And it always has been. Yeah.

Well, she wants a second debate because she lost tonight very badly, so they want -- they immediately called for a second debate because they lost. So, we'll, you know, think about that, but she immediately called for a second. Look, we're looking at polls. We're looking at polls. The worst -- the worst poll that we've had was 71 that I see, 71% to like 24 or 25.

They won't look at it. But they want a second debate because they lost. Every poll shows they lost. And when you look at that, it was obviously three on one.  Thank you. What do you -- I love this guy.

I thought  I had a great debate. I thought this was .

Well, I thought she was not very good tonight. She didn't protect the vice president. He's -- you know the office of the vice president. Certainly --

If you take a look at it, she was terrible with respect to the president. She's trying to get herself away from Biden, and she wasn't able to do that tonight. I think it was a big thing. They wanted to disassociate with Biden, and they weren't able to do it.

I have nothing to do with it.  I actually thought they were just

I thought it was a great debate. I thought it was my best performance. I don't even view it as a performance. Our country is in decline. We're a nation in decline, and I thought that we got that out. She was unable to defend it. She was certainly bad on foreign policy. She was very bad on the border.

And the polls are showing what I have. One poll is 92% to six, and all of the polls are 60, 70, and 80 in our direction. So, I thought it was a great debate from my standpoint.

I love -- I love Black voters. I love them, and they love me, too.

It's true. You take a look at it  well, you can check it out.

I really don't know. I mean, I really don't know. I just say -- all I do is say the truth. I say the truth. If I lose votes or gain votes, I don't care, but this was my best debate. I thought it was very good. I thought she was very weak on foreign policy. She was very weak on the border, and I'm very happy with