So, thank you very much. I wanted to just say that I'm supposed to be in New Hampshire. I'm supposed to be in Georgia. I'm supposed to be in North Carolina, South Carolina, supposed to be in a lot of different places campaigning. But I'd be here all day on a trial that really is a very unfair trial. These are all stories.

This is -- over the last few days, from legal experts, The Wall Street Journal editorial. But all of these are stories from legal experts saying how this is not a case, and the case is ridiculous. There's another one. "The case is ridiculous," "Trump indictment, it's missing fraud, there is no fraud." All of these stories are stories of how -- and these are done by the experts and editorials. "Bragg falsified business records," and he falsifies them.

He's the one. He's the fraud. But take a look at all of these -- are stories. You see them here? "Bragg's indictment even falls as an indictment," all of them, "Bragg crosses the Rubicon, indicting Trump," on that sense, "The whopping outrage in Trump's indictment." It's a whopping outrage, and it is an outrage.

Everybody is outraged by it. You know, we had 18 DA or DA types or clubs, 18 or 19 or 21, and they counted all them, in and out like that. And in the meantime, we have murders going on right outside in New York. Look at this, National Review, another National Review, Jonathan Turley, Gregg Jarrett, Andrew McCarthy, every one of them saying they got a zombie case, meaning there is no case.

And they say, is it constitutional? They don't think the case is. These are all stories that have taken place over the last few days. Take a look at this. "DA Bragg wants us to believe that his pursuit of Trump isn't political." Of course, it's political. And they're doing it for Biden. They're doing this for Joe Biden.

Even the Rolling Stone, no friend of mine. They don't like -- it says they don't like Bragg's chances on this case. It's a disgrace. That's a nice headline. I'd like to read that one, too. But every one of them lies about the case. Justice is on trial. You know, the whole world is watching this New York scam. "The trial spectacle begins," it's Wall Street Journal.

It's expected, though. Every one of these. "America is a third-world country," Daily Caller. Wow, that's New York Magazine even, all of -- they just came out. These are all -- every single one. I haven't seen one that says it's a good job. It's political. And so, this is The Wall Street Journal editorial.

And it's a shame, it's a shame. And I'm sitting here for days now from morning till night in that freezing room, freezing. Everybody was freezing in there. And all for this. And this is your result. Look at that. Each one of them is snoring, and it's very unfair. Very bad thing, very bad thing. The whole world is watching this hoax.

You got a DA that's out of control. You have a judge that's highly conflicted. The whole thing is a mess. And you have the leading candidate and leading crooked Joe Biden by a lot. He's the one that should be on trial. He's a crook. You got a crooked president. He should be on trial with all the stuff he's done and his family.

He should be at trial. But he's the one in charge. His top people are here working with the DA's office to make sure everything goes right. But it shouldn't go right because they have no case. And that's what this is all about. And it really is a shame this country is devolving into a third world country between having no borders, having no justice, we have no justice, and having a press that doesn't want to cover the facts.

So, thank you very much. See you tomorrow.