Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. Today was breathtaking in this room. You saw what went on. It was breathtaking, and amazing testimony. This is a trial that should have never happened. This is a case that should have never been filed. And it was really an incredible -- an incredible day.

Open your eyes. We can't let this continue to happen to our country. On another matter, you know, the economy has just been reported to be doing very badly. The stock market's way down and some horrible numbers came out, including very high numbers on inflation and, in particular, gasoline at $7.50 in California.

And that usually leads the way. It's going to happen here, too. And very importantly, if you look at the various colleges all over the country and beyond colleges, because it's happening in other areas, too, you see what's happening on the front having to do with Palestine and Israel and protests and hate, anger.

Biden is sending an absolutely horrible message, horrible, horrible message. He has no idea how to message. He can't speak. He can't put two sentences together. He doesn't know what to do. This is not our president. This is somebody that shouldn't be doing what he's doing because he can't do it. He can't do it well.

We're having protests all over. He was talking about Charlottesville. Charlottesville was a little peanut, and it was nothing compared. And the hate wasn't the kind of hate that you had here. This is tremendous hate, and we have a man that can't talk about it because he doesn't understand it. He doesn't understand what's going on with our country.

He doesn't understand that, all over the world, we're being laughed at as a country because of him and his administration. And today, we had a year because I was forced to be here. I'm glad I was because it was a very interesting day in a certain way. But the U.S. Supreme Court had a monumental hearing on immunity and the immunity having to do with presidential immunity.

And I think it was made clear -- I hope it was made clear that a president has to have immunity. You don't have a president or, at most, you can say it would be a ceremonial president. That's not what the founders had in mind. They're not talking about ceremonial. We want presidents that can get things done and bring people together.

So, I heard the meeting was quite amazing, quite amazing, and the justices were on their game. So, let's see how that all turns out. But again, I say presidential immunity, very powerful. Presidential immunity is imperative or you practically won't have a country anymore. Thank you very much. Thank you.