Well, thank you very much. This was a great meeting, this tremendous unity in the Republican Party. We want to see borders. We want to see a strong military. We want to see money not wasted all over the world. We don't want to see Russian ships right off the coast of Florida, which is what they are right now.

That's unthinkable. We want to see just success for our country. And we don't have success right now. We have inflation that's killing everybody. We have levels of inflation that nobody's seen for -- they say 42 years, they say 53 years, and they say 75 years. I would say probably all of them are wrong. Probably, we've never seen levels like this before.

And we're going to end that. We're going to bring back our jobs. We're going to bring back common sense to government. We're going to have strong borders, and we're going to have people come into our country, but they're going to come in legally. They're not going to pour in from prisons all over South America and all over the world.

And it's not just South America, by the way. It's all over the world. And we're not going to have them pour in from mental institutions, which is where they're coming from. Large numbers and large numbers are terrorists, and we're not going to have this. So, what's happening to our country is of great concern to the group of people standing alongside of me. And I just wanted to say that we have great unity.

We have great common sense, a lot of very smart people in this room and a lot of people that love our country. They love our country beyond just about all else. And the only thing that maybe supersedes it is their family and maybe their faith in certain instances. And that's very nice. But they want this country to be great again, and we're going to make it great again.

And so, I just want to thank the Republican Senate, and I want to thank also the House. We met, as you know, with the full House, Republican House today. And we had a tremendous meeting with them also. And there's great unity, very similar, different topics, actually, but not that different. And there's one thing in common.

We want to make America great again. We want to make our country great again. We're a nation that's in decline. We're a declining nation. We're a nation that is being laughed at all over the world. We have a leader that's being laughed at all over the world. And we're going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around fast.

The polls are looking like they're very strongly for us. And if you're -- no matter where you look, in fact, a lot of states that people thought weren't in play are very strongly in play, some we're actually leading in. But we have to get elected. We have to take this -- this beautiful place, and we have to make it really something very special again.

Right now, it's not special. Right now, it's being scorned and being used as an example of -- when they look at the crime on the streets, when they look at all of the problems that we have, they're using us as a bad example of democracy, and they're getting away with murder, and we're not going to let it happen.

So, I just want to thank you for coming, and I want to thank everybody here. You're all either elected or you're going to be elected again and reelected. And I'm with every one of you, and you know that. I'll be with you always. And thank you very much for inviting me. And we're going to have great success.

I think we're going to have a tremendous election. It's -- November 5th is very important, but we really start much earlier than that. You have North Carolina as an example. You have North Carolina on September 6th. You have -- Pennsylvania starts on September 22nd. These are things different from the old days.

We had Election Day, and you had paper ballots, and you had voter ID. Unfortunately -- maybe someday, we'll get back to that. But you don't have that right now. But this is an outstanding group of people. I'm with them 1,000%. They're with me 1,000%. We agree just about on everything. And if there isn't, we work it out.

And we've had -- I've had a really great relationship with just about everybody here, with everybody here, just about all of the senators. And if it wasn't fantastic, it gets worked out. And we have one thing in mind and that's making our country great. So, thank you all very much. We appreciate you being here.

Thank you very much.