OK. Thank you very much. This gag order is not only unique, it's totally unconstitutional. I'm the Republican candidate for president of the United States. I received this honor in record time. Nobody's ever gone faster. It's never happened. Nobody's ever gotten the numbers that we got. And I'm sitting in a courthouse all day long, listening to this stuff.

And everybody knows, as far as everybody is concerned agreed, the great legal scholars and experts, everybody said this is a trial that is nonsense. It should have never been brought. That's -- that's showing loud and clear. But you have a judge who is totally conflicted, totally, absolutely conflicted, that he's rushing this case through.

I tell you what, some people -- somebody just told me, they never sat for such a long period of time at a courthouse before. It's ridiculous. I'm supposed to be in Georgia. I'm supposed to be in New Hampshire. I'm supposed to be in Ohio and lots of other places. And they have me sitting here for a Biden trial.

It's a Biden trial. And I never saw so many prosecutors. They're all sitting in the room over nothing, over absolutely nothing. There's no crime. There's no anything here. And that's what these legal scholars say. How can you bring a case like this? Bragg didn't want to bring it. Bragg is the guy bringing it, and he didn't want to bring it. Went to every agency just about in law enforcement.

They all turned it down as a joke. And I'm sitting here because that's exactly what they want. They don't want me on the campaign trail. But it's a real -- a real disgrace. And the whole world is watching. It's a disgrace to New York. And just like Engoron, it's a disgrace to New York. We won that case because we won the statute of limitations, and he turned down the Appellate Division.

That's another case. It's all the same. He turned down the appellate decision, the Appelate Division's decision. They gave a decision that gave me mostly a win. Just about the whole thing was a win, and he turned it down. He's a corrupt judge. And this judge is terrible. And Kaplan is terrible. They have a person, I have no idea who she is, $91 million.

This is a corrupt system we're in. And I think the people are understanding it. If you look at the polls, the people of our country are understanding it. Thank you very much.