Hello, everybody.

Nice to see you all.

Oh, thank you. It was a lot of fun. It's good, we had a great -- a good time. We learned a lot. We're doing pretty well, I think, with Russia. We'll see if we have something to announce maybe by Tuesday. I'll be speaking to President Putin on Tuesday, and a lot of work's been done over the weekend. We want to see if we can bring that war to an end.

Maybe we can, maybe we can't, but I think we have a very good chance.

Well, I think we'll be, you know, talking about land. It's a lot of land. It's a lot different than it was before the wars, you know. We'll be talking about land. We'll be talking about power plants because that's -- you know, it's a big question. But I think we have a lot of it already discussed very much by both sides.

Ukraine and Russia.

We're already talking about that, dividing up certain assets. Yeah. And they've been working on that.

About what?

No, I'm not. Really, I'm not.

What are you talking about?

Well, I think it's -- I think it's -- I have nothing to do with that other than I heard about the decision. I think it's absolutely ridiculous, absolutely. It's a judge that's putting himself in the position of the president of the United States, who was elected by close to 80 million votes. You have that happening more and more, and that's a very dangerous thing for our country.

And I would suspect that we're going to have to get a decision from the Supreme Court, but that's a very dangerous decision for our country.

These are people, in many cases, they don't show up for work. Nobody even knows if they exist. And a judge wants us to pay them even if they don't know if they exist. I don't think that's going to be happening. But we'll have to see. You have to speak to the lawyers about that.

Well, you have to speak -- I don't know. You have to speak to the lawyers about that.

I can tell you this, these were bad people. That was a bad group of, as I say, hombres.

That was a bad group, when you look at them and you look at the crimes that they've committed, you take a look. You don't get any tougher, you don't get worse than that. You understand that. But you'd have to ask the lawyers. Yeah?

Well, this is a time of war because Biden allowed millions of people, many of them criminals, many of them at the highest level. They emptied jails out, other nations emptied their jails into the United States. That's an invasion. And these are criminals, many, many criminals, murderers, drug dealers at the highest level, drug lords, people from mental institutions.

That's an invasion. They invaded our country. So, this is a -- in that sense, this is war. In many respects, it's more dangerous than war because in war, they have uniforms. You know who you're shooting at, you know who you're going after. These are people that came out, they're walking our streets. We have thousands of murderers that Biden in his incompetence -- first of all, he's grossly incompetent.

But that Biden and his people and his probably autopen, it looked like we had an autopen for a president, and we would've been better off if we had probably. But it looks to me like, you know, that's a big subject. I'm sure you won't ask about that. But the whole subject of autopen, did he know what he was doing?

Did he authorize it? Or is this somebody in an office, maybe a radical left lunatic, just signing whatever that person wants? That's not what, you know, it's all about. I never used it. I mean, we may use it as an example to send some young person a letter because it's nice -- you know, we get thousands and thousands of letters and letters of support for young people, for people that aren't feeling well, etc.

But to sign pardons and all of the things that he signed with an autopen is disgraceful.

About what?

No, I have no intention of it. No.

April 2nd is a liberating day for our country. We're going to be getting back some of the wealth that very, very foolish presidents gave away because they had no clue what they were doing. And April 2nd -- I would've made it April 1st. But you know what April 1st is? April Fool's Day. I figured, you know, I don't like doing it, but I made it April 2nd. But it's a liberation day for our country because we're going to be getting back a lot of the wealth that we so foolishly gave up to other countries, including friend and foe.

Yes, go ahead.

Certain things are. Certainly tariffs are, which we've already taken in billions of dollars. You know, we've taken in already of dollars, and we haven't even really started the program other than certain areas, certain pinpointed areas, as you know. And many billions of dollars have already come into our country.

But the big money is coming in on April 2nd, from April 2nd. But I will tell you what is more, when I took it over, eggs were through the roof. And now, eggs are down 35% over a short period of time, and other things. Fuel, gasoline, energy is down, way down. Oil is down to $65 a barrel. It was $82 a barrel.

And when energy comes down, pricing is going to come down, prices for groceries, etc., are going to come down. So, yeah, I think we are setting a good table.

Yeah. What we are going to do in certain cases about -- it's going to be reciprocal. In other words, whatever they're charging, we're charging. Very simple. If they're charging us, we're charging them. It's no longer they charge us, but we don't charge them. It's foolish presidents. Biden, but others also, in all fairness.

Look, Biden is the worst president we've ever had. He made Jimmy Carter look like a good president. But on this, a lot of other presidents were guilty also. Some very good presidents were guilty. They charge us, and we charge them. Then, in addition to that, on autos, on steel, on aluminum, we're going to have some additional tariffs.

Yeah.

Well, I think so. It's not my decision. That'll be up to court. But I would say that they're null and void because I'm sure Biden didn't have any idea that it was taking place. And somebody was using an autopen to sign off and to give pardons to, as an example, just one example, but the J6 unselect committee.

They gave -- think of it. They gave pardons with an autopen. I don't think Biden knew anything about it. And what they did is they deleted and destroyed all of the information that took them over a year to get. And the reason they did that is because the information was very incriminating about them. Like Nancy Pelosi, it was determined conclusively that she knew about 10,000 soldiers and turned it down.

And if we used 500 soldiers, you would've had no problem, let alone 10,000. The young lady that said that I grabbed these powerful young Secret Service agents by the neck, OK, you know that was a big hoax. It was a lie. And she admitted it and they deleted everything. So, what they did is criminal. I think we're about to land, everybody.

OK. Have a good time. We'll see you very soon.

I am. I'll see you at the Kennedy Center. You know, we have to straighten it out. It's not a good situation like everything else in this country.

No.

And he's doing a great job. He's doing a great job. Thank you, everybody.