It's going well. Did everybody have a good time?

I did. I always have a good time.

Hi, Jennifer.

No, I'm not looking to get a ceasefire. We'll looking at something better than a ceasefire. We're not looking for a ceasefire. I didn't say I was looking for a ceasefire. That was Emanuel. Nice guy, but he doesn't get it right too often. But, uh, we're not looking -- We're looking for better than a cease --

Doing pretty well. Right now we're doing pretty well. Remember, Iran cannot have any nuclear weapons. Very simple. Don't have to go too deep into it. They just can't have nuclear weap -- weapons.

Not at all. I can -- I want people to be safe. That -- that's always possible that a thing like that could happen. I just want people to be safe.

You got great people that know how to protect themselves.

Or we'll come down so hard if they do anything to our people. We'll come down so hard, then the gloves are off so beautifully. Now, uh, they, uh, I think they -- I think they know not to touch our our troops.

Find out when our troops are ready.

I may, actually. I bet. It depends on what happens when I get back.

An end. A real end, not a ceasefire. An end.

Yeah, or -- or, uh, giving up entirely.

Certainly possible that they would give up. That's possible.

There's no guarantees in everything for Iran. They got money. You know that. Look at you, right? There's no guarantee. But you're saying a guarantee of what?

Well I hope their program's going to be wiped out long before that. But they're not going to have a nuclear weapon.

We'll find out over the next few days. We're going to find out.

Nobody's slowed up so far.

Well we'll be talking to him.

It's not necessary.

Just be a little bit, uh, I think more well versed. Not having to use telephones so much because I don't believe in telephones. It's people like you who listen to him. So, being on the scene is much better. And we did everything I had to do in the G-7. We had a good G-7. WE signed a deal with, uh, European Union.

Phase one of the deal. Oh, we signed a deal with the UK.

And the UK is really great. We -- we, uh, well, very far down the line, a lot of deals. Let me look, we're actually finished with every deal if you really think about it. Because all I have to do is this is what it is.

But it's -- it's nice to be nice.

Yeah.

Yeah, a couple people.

Here we go. Who else has a question other than CNN beggars?

I don't feel that they're offering a fair deal yet. They've been very tough over the years, dealing with the European Union. They -- they formed in order to earn the United States credit. And we're either going to make a good deal or they'll just pay whatever we say they have to pay.

No, we had a great conversation, uh, I thought he was terrific, actually. No, I was very friendly with Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister. He was a great man. But I think this -- I think he's going to do a very good job.

Yeah, there's a chance. Good talk. The Japanese are lovely. But ultimately, you have to understand, we're just going to send a letter and say this is what you're going to pay otherwise you don't have to do business with us. There's a chance.

We'll see what happens.

Anything else?

Wait, what was that?

When?

sounds like it. I'll have to look at it.

Well I haven't seen the statement yet. But -- but I authorized, I'll have to see, certain things. I don't know whether or not they said it correctly. But I think they probably did. We had a good, uh, good meeting. I think that, uh, Canadian representatives were very good. He did a very good job.

The Prime Minister did a very good job.

Well that was good. I think we had a lot of good talks. A lot of meetings.

Well they get too complex so the deals always never get done. But we need speed. You know, we're dealing with really, if you think about it, probably 175 countries. And most of them we just -- we sent them letters saying it'll be an honor to trade with you and here's what you're going to have to pay to do it. We're making a lot of money.

You know, we took in $88 billion in tariffs. And I was told by Congress about two nights ago saying, "We don't understand. The numbers are so far off." And I said, "Is that good or bad?" He says, "Well, we're taking in so much more income than we thought. We've never seen anything like this. What is it?" I said, "Check the tariff column." And it's about $88 billion that they've never seen before.

And that's nothing compared to what it's going to go to.

I have a lot of them. Yep.

Yeah, we're going to be doing pharma very soon. It's going to being more of the companies back into America.

It's going to bring most of them back in. At least partially back in. You know they left us because we had presidents that didn't know what the hell they were doing. We should've never lost our car business. We lost 52% of our car business over the years. Should have never lost it. All they had to do is say, Hey, if you make a car... You're going to leave us, you're going to make a car, you're going to pay a 45, 30% tariff.

And they would've never left. No body said that to anybody.

We're looking everywhere. But I think the biggest problem is the inner cities. We're looking everywhere. But what they let into this country, but Biden let in -- But I don't think he knew what the hell he was doing in practice. But whoever worked for him. What they let into this country, we're never going to forget it. They let prisoners in, they let gang members in, drug dealers in, mentally insane into our country.

No, we're going to get them out.

There are more, there are far more in the inner cities. Democrat-run cities. And it's sad, really. I'm just giving you the facts. There's far in more in there than you have on the farms.

Farmland is being looked at, but the bigger problem is the cities right now.

And then you're -- that tends to be where the real  are. The murderers. You know, they've let in 11,888 murderers. People that kill people. Biden allowed that to happen, so. The Democrats allowed it to happen. Biden didn't know who was even around.

Like you said,  the Democrats hold up our nomination.

Yeah, I know. Johnson is doing a very good job. You know, I've got a lot of people in there, but yeah, he's doing a very good job.

The Democrats, if we had George Washington up for approval, the Democrats would take maximum time, every hour, every minute, to delay him as much as possible. If we had a combination of Abraham Lincoln and George Washington, they would go max, well max time.

I don't care what she said. I think they were very close to having --

I think it's a much better deal for Canada, but you know, it's up to them.

They're going to have to pay a lot of tariffs and they, they're going to have to pay a lot of money for the dome, the Iron Dome, if they want to be a part of it.

We may make a separate deal on that

We discussed it, yeah.

They want to be at 71 billion, they're going to pay.

They'll be in the dome. Yeah, they'll be under the

I don't know, I, I've been negotiating -- I told them to do the deal, they should have done the deal. Their cities have been blown to pieces. Lost a lot of people. They should have done the deal. I told them, "Do the deal." So I don't know. I'm not in too .

Yeah.

While you're sleeping.

Goodbye everyone.

Yeah, I b -- Yeah, I think it's safe.

There's a lot of bad things happening. Yeah, I think it's safe enough to evacuate.

I don't really call him. It's look, he avoided this kind of a position. Um, I think the governor of Minnesota is so whacked out, I'm not calling him. Why would I call him? I could call him. Say, "Hi, how you doing?" Uh the guy doesn't have a clue so, he's a mess. So you know, I could be nice and call him but, why waste time?

We're doing well with The Big --

The great, big, beautiful bill.

I hear so far it's going well.

Look, if doesn't get approved, 68% tax increase and I think that the democrats would have to, you know, they, they'd be, we won't get democrats who  -- we're giving the biggest tax cut in history. Instead you have the biggest tax increase in history.

68%.

Probably, yup. It's probably going to have to get China approval. I think we'll get --

I think President Xi will .

Yes.

I haven't seen it. No. I don't think anybody wants to get involved. It's a mess.

We're doing the best we can. We're working on that with the other guys. Thank you everybody.