I spoke to him numerous times. So we're leaving and going to Rome, where we'll be attending the funeral of Pope Francis. Some of you are going to go. Anybody going? It's going to be very interesting. We're going to meet with a lot of the foreign leaders. They want to meet. Trade deals are going very well.

I think, Russia and Ukraine, I think they're coming along. We hope, very fragile. And Iran, I think is going very well. We'll see what happens. We've got working on plenty of things that shouldn't be worked on because none of this stuff should have happened. This should have been taking place by Biden. It should have been fixed by Biden, but he couldn't do it, nor could he come close to doing.

So anyway, we're going to Rome to pay our respects and we'll be leaving that same day. We'll be coming back home tomorrow night, and I'll see some of you over there. Otherwise, I'll see you on television.

I did.

I don't want to comment on that, but I've spoken to him many times. Yeah.

From Japan?

From Japan, I'm getting along very well with Japan.

We're very close to a deal.

I'll be meeting with the Italians. Yes, your prime minister?

Oh. It's possible.

Very well, good man. He loved the world, actually, and he was just a good man. I met him twice. I thought he was a fantastic kind of a guy.

I'll let you know at the appropriate time. Let's see if we can make a deal.

Yeah, they're meeting with Putin right now as we speak, and we have a lot of things going on and I think in the end, we're going to end up with a lot of good deals, including tariff deals and trade deals. We're going to make our country rich, but we're going to try and get out of war so that we can save 5,000 people a week and that's what my aim is. I want to save 5,000 young men.

They happen to be mostly Ukrainian, Russian. 5,000 young Ukrainian and Russian men, and that's a big honor if I can do it. I think we're pretty close.

No deadline. I just want to do it as fast as possible. What?

I think the tariff plan is doing very well. We're resetting the table. We're going to make our country very rich, very, very rich. It's already happening. Thank you very much.