Well, thank you very much. We're looking at the construction and uh, we're with the chairman as you know. Chairman, come on over. And we're just taking a look at what's happening. You know, it's a, it's a tough construction job. They're building basements where they didn't exist or expanding them. And a lot of very expensive work.

There's no question about it. And, uh, Tim has been with me for a long time --

-- and you're in charge of the committee.

Yeah. So we're taking a look and, uh, it looks like it's about 3.1 billion. It went up a little bit, or a lot. Uh, so the 2.7 is now 3.1. And --

Yeah, it, it just came out.

Yeah, it just came out.

3.1.

Yes. I don't know who does that.

Well, no, but it's, it's a building that's being built.

It's part of the overall work. So I --

So we're gonna take a look. We're gonna see what's happening, uh, and it's got along way. Do you expect any more additional cost overruns?

Uh, nice to take these off every once in a while when we're not under too much danger. Uh, so any questions?

Uh, generally speaking, what would I do? I'd fire him.

Well, I'm here just really with the chairman. He's showing us around, showing us the work. And so I don't want to get that. I don't want to be personal. I just, uh, would like to see it get finished. And in many ways it's too bad it started, but it did start. And, uh, and it's been under construction for a long time.

That'll be, it's gonna be a real long time. 'cause it looks like it's got a long way to go.

So.

Well, I'd love him to lower interest rates.

Other than that, what can I tell you? Uh, the country's doing really well. I just briefed the chairman on the deal we made with Japan. Japan is putting up $550 billion in order to lower their tariffs a little bit. That way, they have a little bit lower tariff. And, uh, they also opened their country to free trade, which nobody thought was even a possibility.

And, uh, we get a zero tariff in the free trade. We don't pay tariffs. And, uh, they're gonna pay 15% on everything they send into our country. So it's great. But they put up, uh, as you could call it, uh, seed money. Let's call it seed money. You could call it anything you want, but it's five, it's a total of $550 billion.

So nobody thought any of that was possible. And it's wonderful. And we're doing pretty well with the European Union, likewise. Uh, and we have some others. They're all really big, and our country's gonna make a lot of money. We would be helped if interest rates would come down, but we're gonna see how the board rules on that soon.

I, I'd love to see 'em come down a lot. But, uh, we have a country that's, uh, thriving. Uh, we had a dead country one year ago today. We have the hottest country anywhere in the world, and we'll get this one finished.