Hello everybody. The jet fighters will be surrounding the plain in about seven minutes. Oh, I heard they threw you out of the press conference.

Karoline saved you. You're lucky. You're lucky. They were a little out of control.

Very, very well, I think it's really going well, great relationships and now we're meeting that group that's fantastic. The emir is a great young man. I know them all very well.

You're going to be surrounded by eight fighters, you know, in about seven minutes. And you say, do we need them, and when they say yes, that doesn't make me feel good, right?

No, Let's assume there's no threat. We have to assume that.

Great, right, I think very good. Young, attractive guy, tough guy. Yeah, strong pass, strong pass fighter, he's got -- he's got a real shot at pulling it together. I spoke with President Erdogan, I'm very friendly with him. He feels he's got a shot, going to give it a try. It's a torn-up country.

Yeah, but I think they have to get themselves straight there. I told him I hope you're going to join when it's straightened out. He said yes, but they have a lot of work.

You know, a friend of mine is the new ambassador to Lebanon, and I didn't even know. And I never knew his relationship, but he was born in Lebanon. And he said I'd like to be the ambassador for success of God. And I said, you know that's very dangerous. He said, I don't care, I love my country and it's worth it to do. So,  you may want to go  if you had some  great guy.

But he's approved or almost approved. But you know there's a danger there for a very successful man to go and do that. I said are you sure you know what you're doing. It's like Doug taking pictures, right? So, you got some good shots, I guess, just a beautiful seat. The last seat at the airport I thought was beautiful, we rode out together.

They generally don't do that. They don't generally meet presidents.

No, with that I have to -- we'll have to wait a little while until things calm down a little while with the country. I think he's going to do -- he's got the potential to be a real leader. You know, he led the charge and he's amazing. But did you see him? Did you get to see him?

No. He's there. You know, he was with us at the event.

No, No. You mean

No, it didn't, we didn't

Yeah, I did.

No, it didn't. But I know all about it.

No, we didn't discuss it.

But I know all about it, but it didn't come up.

No, not at all. No, this is good for Israel. Having a relationship like I have with these countries, Middle Eastern countries, essentially all of them -- well, I think it's very good for Israel.

Well, they've been fighting a long time. They've been -- you know, they're warring, and I think they deserve a lot of credit. I think my people deserve a lot of credit, maybe the most credit. Look, he wouldn't be there. If it weren't for us, he wouldn't be living right now. Probably none of the hostages would be living right now.

We probably have 20 that are living that we'll be getting out step by step. A lot of progress. You know, we've gotten a lot of them out. At last time, a couple of weeks ago, 10 people walked into my office, the Oval Office, and they said they had a 59 on their shirt, on their front. And I said what does that represent?

The number of hostages. I said, wow, that's a lot. They said, well, 24 are living and now it's 20. The number is 20 are living, four have died. And they're young people. Young people don't die. You know, young people are killed, they don't die. So, the 24 living of the 59, the 24 living is now down to 20 and we got Edan out.

It's great. His family was so thankful. We did a good job with that. We'll continue to do it.

Well, I don't know if he's showing up. I know he would like me to be there and that's a possibility. If we could end the war, I'd be thinking about that. Now tomorrow we're all booked out. You understand that. We're all set.

You will heed tomorrow and so we have a very full situation. Now that doesn't mean I wouldn't do it to save a lot of lives and come back. But, yeah, I think they're thinking about something. I don't know that he would be there if I'm not there, we're going to find out. Marco's going and Marco's been very effective.

How who?

I'll let you know in a week. I'll let you know in a few days.

Well in touch, I mean we told them we're doing it. The reason I did it, and I think it's been very popular actually, certainly in the Middle East, it's been popular with virtually everybody. But the reason I did it is because I spoke with President Erdogan, who I get along with very well, and I spoke to Mohammed, as you know, is with him.

And they thought it was very important to do. It gives them a much better chance of survival as a country.

Well, I think what's happened is Turkey feels we should do it, other countries -- if you looked at my speech last night, which I assume most of you were at, I think the biggest applause was when I said that we're lifting the sanctions on Syria. And that's because they want to give Syria a chance to live and to be great, you know, etc.

I don't know anything about it. I really don't know anything about it. But I'm a big crypto fan, I will tell you, I've been that from the beginning, right from the campaign. I'm a believer in crypto and if we're not going to do it China's going to do, it's the way I look at it. It's like AI. I'm a believer in AI because we have to have it. We're leading China by a lot.

And in crypto, we're leading China by a lot. So, I'm a big crypto fan.

Schumer is -- you know, he's become a Palestinian, something wrong with him. I don't know. I've known him a long time and there's something wrong. He's lost his confidence totally and there's just something wrong with him. I don't know what it is with Schumer. Yeah, did you have a question, go ahead.

Let's see what happens over the next week. I don't really want to answer it because I want to see what happens over the next week. Go ahead.

Well, again, I don't want to talk about it, but I'm always considering the secondary sanctions. I had the secondary sanctions on Iran and drove them into bankruptcy and there would have been no October 7th. There would have been no money for Hamas or Hezbollah or anybody else. So, I'm always -- and as you know, I put secondary sanctions on Iran again.

And hopefully they're going to make the right decision because something's going to happen one way or the other. It's very simple, it's going to happen one way or the other. They can't have a nuclear weapon. So, we'll either do it friendly or we'll do it very unfriendly and that won't be pleasant. Thank you very much, everybody.