Hello everybody. So we had a big day. We gave out the world's greatest fighter jet, by far, they say. I think in terms of, uh, every criteria known to man, it's the best. Now, that doesn't mean in five years it'll be good. It'll be -- It'll be totally obsolete in five years, I guess. But that's the way it works.

But, uh, there's never been a plane designed or made like this, and we'll have them, uh, within about a two-year period. They're gonna start manufacturing very soon. So we're honored by that. Uh, we are moving along on Russia-Ukraine. We had a couple of good conversations today. And maybe we can get that death march stopped as soon as possible.

And, uh, we're going to Bedminster now for work. We have some work. It's a little cold there right now, it's a little early, but we'll be going to Bedminster and, uh, we'll be coming back here. We're going to the big fight. The reason I'm going is in Philadelphia, they have the NCAA World, uh, Wrestling, or college.

And we -- I've always supported the wrestlers, so I wanna support them. These are the great college wrestlers from the various schools. I think Penn State is leading and Nebraska is in second place right now and a lot of good things. So we're gonna be going there on Saturday night and then probably down to, uh, either here or, uh, Southern White House.

So we're gonna have a little -- we're gonna have a little fun, but it was a great honor to give out that plane. Uh, the technology is unbelievable. There's never been anything like it. It puts us 10 years ahead of any other country in terms of the fighter jets. Uh, thank you very much. We'll see you later. Thanks.

Not a deadline, but I think we'll have one. I think, uh, you know, they're going at it pretty heavy right now, as you probably saw, both of them. But I think we'll have it done, uh, fairly soon.

I didn't. I should have. Have there been, upsets a couple, right?

A little bit late. I should give you one, but maybe backdated, right?

Well, they checked 'em very carefully. There's some bad people on those flights.

He didn't reject anything. And they do have sanctions. They have a lot of sanctions. They have just about more sanctions than anybody.

Uh, because we wanna get criminals out of our country, number one. And I don't know when it was signed 'cause I didn't sign it. Other people handle it. But Marco Rubio has done a great job and he wanted them out, and we go along with that. Uh, we wanna get criminals out of our country.

I would say that I'd have the Secretary of State handle it because I'm not really involved in that. Uh, but the concept of getting, uh, bad people, uh, murderers, rapists, uh, drug dealers, all of the -- these -- these are really some bad people, out of our country, I ran on that, I won on that. I got a margin, like, you know, you reported it very well, everybody did.

We -- We won all seven swing states. We won the popular vote, we won everything. Uh, and a big part of that was exactly this, getting bad people that shouldn't have been allowed into our country. Biden allowed 'em in. What they should be asking, this judge, this radical left judge, he should be saying, "Why did Biden allow these criminals in our country?" That's what he should be doing.

Thank you. I'll see you later.