two for the the price of one.

We have Marco. And I said, "Come on, let's go see the fake news and enjoy ourselves. Get a couple of nice questions." How are you? Who would like to ask a question?

Uh, depends on whether or not there's an insurrection.

No, no. But you have violent people and we're not gonna let them get away with it.

I love this guy. I think that is a, a gre- -- Who are you with?

Great, it's a great group. Breitbart, great group. Uh, I think that, uh, you're gonna see some very strong law and order.

Is that what she said?

Oh, I think it was a riot. I think it was very bad. It was covered really as or riot by almost every outlet.

We're going up to Camp David. We have meetings with various people about very major subjects. Now we thought we'd do it at Camp David. There's probably better security there than anyplace. We'll be meeting with a lot of people, including generals, as you know, and admirals.

No, no. So we'll be meeting with military people and others.

I can't say that.

What?

Well, we're gonna have troops everywhere. We're not gonna let this happen to our country. We're not gonna let our country be torn apart like it was under Biden and his auto pen.

The bar is what I think it is. I mean, if we see danger to our country and to our citizens, uh, we'll be very, very strong in terms of law and order. It's about law and order.

We're gonna see what we need. We'll send whatever we need to make sure there's law and order.

Yes, we're gonna be watching it very closely. And uh, where they spit at people, you know, they spit. That's their new thing. They spit and worse. You know what they throw at them, right? And when that happens, I have a little statement. They, they, they spit, we hit. And I told them, "Nobody's gonna spit on our police officers.

Nobody's gonna spit on our military." Which they do as a common thing. They get up to them this far away and then they start spitting in their face. That happens, they get hit very hard.

Let's see what happens. If we think there's serious insurrection, or less than that, we're gonna have law and order. Very important.

You have to really just have to look at the site. You have to see what's happening. Uh, last night in uh, Los Angeles, we watched it very closely. There was a lot of violence there. There was a lot of violence that it could have gotten much worse. And you have an incompetent governor. Just take a look at the, at the train stations that he's building, like 20 times over budget.

Nobody's ever seen anything like it. So, uh, I did call him the other night. I said, "look, you gotta take care of this, otherwise I'm sending in the troops." That's what we did. Thank you very much. Do you have a question for Marco? Question for Marco?

If officials stand in the way of law and order, yeah, they will face charges. Thank you very much.