Okay. We had a big day today. Had the bill passed, and I think it's gonna do very well in the House. We'll see how that works out. But, uh, it looks like it's ahead of schedule, see what happens. Happy about it. This was great today, going down to Florida and seeing what, uh, Homeland and Ron and everybody else have been able to do in a very short period of time.

So happy about it, I hope you enjoyed it. Go ahead. Any questions?

Hello, everybody. The trip was nice and the job they've done is fantastic and this is what you need. And Ron worked beautifully with Kristi and all of the people at Homeland Security and got it done in how many days?

What about him?

It can be. You don't always have land so beautiful and so secure. We have a lot of bodyguards and a lot of cops that are in the form of alligators. You don't have to pay them so much. But I wouldn't want to run through the Everglades for long. They'll keep people where they're supposed to be. This is a very important thing.

Oh, I think he does a good job for the country. He's always a no. Uh, I call him Rand Paul Jr. He's always a no. Nothing constructive at all, at all. I mean, been just terrible. Thomas Massie from Kentucky and, uh, nothing constructive. I don't think he's a very smart guy. Good education, but that's about it.

We're setting records at the border. We had no people come through last month, zero, no people, but we're going to keep it that way. So Ron did great and

I don't think about it. I mean, you know, when I oppose somebody, I oppose somebody. And if for some reason the voters -- a -- almost always, they seem to go along with me 'cause they know I'm working hard. I have a nice high IQ. They like that, you know, we like high IQ people. But, uh, they know I, I make good decisions.

That's why we have that hat, Trump was right about everything, right? But, you know, I don't like guys like, they just keep saying, no, "I vote no. I vote no." There's no, nothing. Let him do something, let him get what he wants to vote, yes. But if you look at his voting record, it's always against --

Oh, he's gonna have an opponent. He's got -- He's, he's gonna have a big opponent. A good opponent who's gonna win -- A, a poll just came out, and it showed anybody I endorse against Massie, Massie loses by 25 points. So he's, he's gonna be history, I think.

They are doing it. We have Louisiana doing it. Alabama is doing it. We have a lot of states. And they seem to be red states. There are not too many blue states for whatever reason. But the red states, Republican run states are doing it. The blue states don't do very well at security and policing. What would you say, Kristi?

I felt the Senate was gonna be tougher than the House. We got there, we got pretty much what we wanted. It was, uh, it's an amazing package. It's the biggest bill ever passed, if we get this done. You know, most of the people wanted seven or eight different bills. And I thought that was tougher because it'd be, you know, a 100%, but there'd be nothing  -- this bill has something for everybody by doing it this way.

So we're happy about it. We're happy with the results.

Well, they're gonna ask for certain changes, probably. I don't know, I mean, I guess what would happen, if that happens, you then have to run it fast passed the Senate. So, you know, it never ends. Uh, I don't know if that's gonna happen.

And there is a lot of self-deporting.

on occasion that will happen, where they'll make a change and get it passed. So we go pretty quickly. But, uh, I think th- -- the Senate was a very big movement, they worked very hard. I didn't get along with Tillis, and he resigned,  that's a good thing.

when you have something like this,  so I'd ask Ron one question. I flew over the Everglades, you did it in a circle. I said, that's a big piece land, just  is there potential for enlargement for additional facilities ?

Well, somebody that would really be great is Lara, she grew up there. But, uh, they live in Florida. They have a very good life and they, you know, they're great people. She did fantastically running the RNC, she's even got a show that's, it's like the number one show. And Mark Levin is likewise, I mean, they have the number one, number two show over the weekend.

So she's, she's done what? She's a great person, Lara Trump. I mean, that would always be my first choice, but she doesn't live there now. But she's there all the time, her parents are there. You know, she really knows North Carolina well, and I won it three times. I, I don't know who the candidates are gonna be. I think you're gonna have one of the congressmen step up, but she'd do very well.

Oh, no, no, no. She did so soon.

We're doing the worst of the worst, always the first and I think it's great government is what we've done. And nobody can ever forget that this group of people, Biden or whoever it was  Biden, whoever it was, what this what this group of people, a small group that circled the Resolute Desk, what they did to this country.

Uh, I had it out with this guy two nights ago and he resigned, you know, which I was happy about. He did us all a favor.

Think of it, what you're  all the time, you have to race through this. It's an unforced error. We have nothing, we have no problem with this. It was never anything  we had great -- it was bad when I came in. Within three months, I fixed up -- this is in 2016. Now I come in, the difference is this was 20 times worse.

Their open border policy did so much damage and we're fixing it, but the effort and the money and all the things that it takes to do  Yes.

No, I haven't. I didn't do. You're telling me this for the first time. I think she's done an amazing job.

I was thinking about that. As I said, it was meant as a joke, but the more I thought about  and they were seriously -- they were actually crocodiles. They were crocodiles from Africa. They are a step beyond. But no, that was really meant as a joke, but a lot of people liked it, a lot of people think we should do it.

Who are you with?

I hear we're doing well, Ron, I hear we're doing well.

Good paper. Excellent.

I don't know  like that  one vote  vote. I think so. I think it's going to be the greatest bill ever passed. Even for you  it's going to keep the borders secure. Because we have them secure now, but we need to build more walls. I built almost 600 miles of wall.

It's gonna be a long period of time. We're gonna have a lot of, uh, we're gonna have a lot of angst because it's a tough, it's a tough thing. But no, I think they're doing an amazing job. And you know, we're doing a lot of home deportations. We're doing a lot of deportations or self deportations where they come and they deport and then they wanna come back into the country and they can only come back into the country under no circumstances unless they go out the proper way.

We need more wall and all of that's covered in this bill. This bill is amazing for everybody. It's an amazing build for Florida too. It's really great.

Otherwise, they're never coming back in. Now I think it's going very well. Look, Biden did us a tremendous disservice when he allowed this to happen to our country. And I always said it's the toughest thing, you know, I had inflation and I got rid of them. We don't have inflation. I had a bad economy and we got, you know, we set a new stock market high today, we're doing unbelievable.

The country's doing unbelievable. I always said the most difficult thing is what happened at the border, allowing 21 or 25 million people to come into our country. It's the most difficult thing.

No, no, we're not going to be playing with Medicaid, only waste, fraud and abuse. Yeah, the Democrats have it wrong. Yeah, waste fraud and abuse. In fact, if you look at what's gone on, we've gone way back. We take care of Medicaid and take care of Medicare. They will blow Medicare and Medicaid because they have no idea what they're doing.

Just like they don't have any idea what they did on the border, they have no idea. Medicaid is in big trouble with the Democrats.

I think we're doing a fantastic job at getting them out. But you have a lot of self deporting and a lot more than people understand that those people are eligible maybe to come back in.

Waste, fraud -- only, waste, fraud and abuse, which is what everybody wants.

No. No, I'm not. I'm not thinking about the pause. Uh, I'll be writing letters to a lot of countries and I think you're just starting to understand the process. We've dealt with Japan. I'm not sure if we're gonna make a deal. I doubt it, but Japan, they're very tough. You have to understand, they're very spoiled.

I love Japan. I, I really like the new Prime Minister too. Abi was one of my closest friends, as you know, the new prime minister is, he's great. He is a very strong guy, but they and others are so spoiled from having ripped us off for 30, 40 years that it's really hard for them to make a deal. You know, it's very hard.

We'll see what happens. I'm watching it very closely.

As an example with Japan, uh, they won't take rice, and yet they desperately need rice. You know, that. But they won't take rice. Uh, they won't take other products that we have, but think of it, they need rice so badly, but they won't take rice. I think that was an easy one. Uh, or the cars, as you know, they send out millions.

We, we didn't give them one car in 10 years. They won't take any cars, but they'll sell millions. So we tell 'em, "Sorry, you can't do that." And we have a great relationship, great reliance, and really a great, uh, sort of a partnership in a way. But on, on trade, they've been very unfair. And those days are gone.

Well, it's going to be a very quick celebration. We had a great hit. It was an obliteration, but they now turns out, it was  you know, they demean, CNN mostly, and the New York Times, say New York Times, they demean these great soldiers. They went over there 17 hours flying and they hit bullseye after bullseye after bullseye.

So what I'm gonna do is I'll write 'em a letter and say, "We thank you very much and, uh, we know you can't do the kind of things that we need, and therefore you'll pay a 30%, 35%, or whatever the number is that we determine because we also have a very big trade deficit with Japan, as you know. And it's very unfair to the American people.

It all blew up. Everybody's gone. Then they get back and CNN said, well, they did OK, but maybe it wasn't -- it was beyond obliteration. Nobody can even get down there. The tunnels are busted, everything fell into the well. It was a total and complete obliteration and we should celebrate these heroes. But what I'm doing is I'm bringing him on, we're bringing him to Florida, or to the White House.

So, uh, they maybe will be happy, they maybe won't be happy. But some countries we won't even allow to trade. But for the most part, we'll, we're gonna determine a number and just very simply write 'em a nice letter, probably one page or a page and a half at the most. And it's gonna be, uh, essentially congratulations.

I gave him

Uh, it's gonna be an honor to allow you to go and do business in the United States of America because it really is an honor to be able to do that. But we never viewed it that way in this country. And you saw we took in 129 billion in tariffs already. We haven't even started. No inflation. Our country's strong.

Our interest rate should be three points lower. If our interest rate was three points lower, that's almost a trillion dollars in cost. And it's done just by the signing of a pen. But we have a moron at the head of the thing. He's a moron.

Love it.

I do, I have two or three top choices.

Well, I speak for both of us.  you're going to like this. I know all about it. I want to bring our elections back. The election in 2020 was rigged, millions and millions of votes. It had to do with COVID and a lot of things, but it really had to do with  but the Democrats are very good at cheating elections and that's why I said  they tried this one too, but after about 902, they gave up  too big to rig.

Ron would love it. I would love it. Kristi would love it. That's what they have to do. They have to bring it back and we have to look Ð Ron, they include anybody that happens to be in your state.

No . You almost got me there.

I hope we're gonna have a deal with India, possibly. And that's gonna be a different kind of a deal. It's gonna be a deal where we're able to go in and compete. Right now, we, India doesn't accept anybody in. I think India's gonna do that, and if they do that, we're gonna have a deal for less, much less tariffs.

I think it's going to do very well, a lot of people, I don't know if you've heard that, but  it's captivated  everybody wants it. It's going to get in, it's going to pass and we're going to be very happy.

Thank you for telling me, by the way.

No, I don't think so. I think what's going to happen is DOGE is going to look at Musk. And if DOGE looks at Musk, we're going to save a fortune. Thank you very much, everybody. I don't think he should be playing that game

Thank you very much, everybody.

Yes.

The auto pen is, is under investigation. The auto pen's a, a serious thing. I think it's one of the most serious things I've heard. Mayorkas was a terrible, terrible secretary, but he was given orders to do things and the people that gave those orders probably have, uh, pardons. You know, Biden pardoned a lot of people.

The only one he didn't pardon was himself. But I don't know if I do to him what he did to me. Problem is he wouldn't understand what happened. So maybe it wouldn't be so bad.

President Obama was a terrible president. President Biden was the worst president in the history of our country. President Bush should not have gone into the Middle East and blown the place up, so I don't give him high marks either. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

I give Trump very high marks. Good bye, everyone.