Hello, everybody. The trip was nice and the job they've done is fantastic and this is what you need. And Ron worked beautifully with Kristi and all of the people at Homeland Security and got it done in how many days?

It can be. You don't always have land so beautiful and so secure. We have a lot of bodyguards and a lot of cops that are in the form of alligators. You don't have to pay them so much. But I wouldn't want to run through the Everglades for long. They'll keep people where they're supposed to be. This is a very important thing.

We're setting records at the border. We had no people come through last month, zero, no people, but we're going to keep it that way. So Ron did great and

They are doing it. We have Louisiana doing it. Alabama is doing it. We have a lot of states. And they seem to be red states. There are not too many blue states for whatever reason. But the red states, Republican run states are doing it. The blue states don't do very well at security and policing. What would you say, Kristi?

And there is a lot of self-deporting.

when you have something like this,  so I'd ask Ron one question. I flew over the Everglades, you did it in a circle. I said, that's a big piece land, just  is there potential for enlargement for additional facilities ?

We're doing the worst of the worst, always the first and I think it's great government is what we've done. And nobody can ever forget that this group of people, Biden or whoever it was  Biden, whoever it was, what this what this group of people, a small group that circled the Resolute Desk, what they did to this country.

Think of it, what you're  all the time, you have to race through this. It's an unforced error. We have nothing, we have no problem with this. It was never anything  we had great -- it was bad when I came in. Within three months, I fixed up -- this is in 2016. Now I come in, the difference is this was 20 times worse.

Their open border policy did so much damage and we're fixing it, but the effort and the money and all the things that it takes to do  Yes.

I was thinking about that. As I said, it was meant as a joke, but the more I thought about  and they were seriously -- they were actually crocodiles. They were crocodiles from Africa. They are a step beyond. But no, that was really meant as a joke, but a lot of people liked it, a lot of people think we should do it.

I hear we're doing well, Ron, I hear we're doing well.

I don't know  like that  one vote  vote. I think so. I think it's going to be the greatest bill ever passed. Even for you  it's going to keep the borders secure. Because we have them secure now, but we need to build more walls. I built almost 600 miles of wall.

We need more wall and all of that's covered in this bill. This bill is amazing for everybody. It's an amazing build for Florida too. It's really great.

No, no, we're not going to be playing with Medicaid, only waste, fraud and abuse. Yeah, the Democrats have it wrong. Yeah, waste fraud and abuse. In fact, if you look at what's gone on, we've gone way back. We take care of Medicaid and take care of Medicare. They will blow Medicare and Medicaid because they have no idea what they're doing.

Just like they don't have any idea what they did on the border, they have no idea. Medicaid is in big trouble with the Democrats.

Waste, fraud -- only, waste, fraud and abuse, which is what everybody wants.

We'll see what happens. I'm watching it very closely.

Well, it's going to be a very quick celebration. We had a great hit. It was an obliteration, but they now turns out, it was  you know, they demean, CNN mostly, and the New York Times, say New York Times, they demean these great soldiers. They went over there 17 hours flying and they hit bullseye after bullseye after bullseye.

It all blew up. Everybody's gone. Then they get back and CNN said, well, they did OK, but maybe it wasn't -- it was beyond obliteration. Nobody can even get down there. The tunnels are busted, everything fell into the well. It was a total and complete obliteration and we should celebrate these heroes. But what I'm doing is I'm bringing him on, we're bringing him to Florida, or to the White House.

I gave him

Love it.

Well, I speak for both of us.  you're going to like this. I know all about it. I want to bring our elections back. The election in 2020 was rigged, millions and millions of votes. It had to do with COVID and a lot of things, but it really had to do with  but the Democrats are very good at cheating elections and that's why I said  they tried this one too, but after about 902, they gave up  too big to rig.

Ron would love it. I would love it. Kristi would love it. That's what they have to do. They have to bring it back and we have to look Ð Ron, they include anybody that happens to be in your state.

I think it's going to do very well, a lot of people, I don't know if you've heard that, but  it's captivated  everybody wants it. It's going to get in, it's going to pass and we're going to be very happy.

No, I don't think so. I think what's going to happen is DOGE is going to look at Musk. And if DOGE looks at Musk, we're going to save a fortune. Thank you very much, everybody. I don't think he should be playing that game

Thank you very much, everybody.