So thank you very much. So I just want to say we're going down to Florida. We have a big event tomorrow night, a big MAGA event, Make America Great Again. And it's setting records, and -- otherwise, I'd rather be right now at the White House, but we're doing the big event tomorrow night. Uh, we had some big news this week, as you know, because Apple is investing $500 billion.

Think of that. And, uh, that's going to be a lot -- it's going to be a tremendous investment, I -- the biggest investment that anybody's ever made in the country at one time. But they're going to be investing a lot of money, $500 billion. Uh, we have, uh, many other companies have just announced they're coming in. A lot of it's because of how we're doing.

We've done a -- a great turnaround in a little more than 30 days, but the country is really doing well, really doing well. We're respected again all over the world. If you look, we had the Japanese prime minister, we had the prime minister yesterday of UK. As you know, we had the Prime Minister of India.

We have another, uh, 20 prime ministers and presidents wanting to come and, uh very good, very good feeling. I think our country is really turned around. We had a meeting today, as you know, with President Zelenskyy, and I would say it didn't work out exactly great from his standpoint. I think he very much overplayed his hand.

Uh, we're looking for peace. We're not looking for somebody that's going to sign up a strong power and then not make peace because they feel emboldened. And that's what I saw happening. I'm looking for peace. We're not looking to go into a ten year war and, uh, play games. We want peace. And it was just my impression that, if we do that, if we sign up, he's looking for something that I'm not looking for.

He's looking to go on and fight, fight, fight. We're looking to end the death. Uh, 2,000 people died this week, soldiers - more than that, but 2,000 approximately people died this week, young Ukrainians and Russians. And somebody would say why do you care about Ukraine and Russian soldiers? I care about them.

I care about everybody. And, uh, we're not doing that. Now, if we don't do anything, he's going to have to make peace. But he's dealing with a very weak set of cards. If we sign, he's dealing with a very strong set of cards, and then he doesn't want to make peace. So that's where we are. It's very simple.

I'm not looking to get into anything protracted. I want immediate peace. President Putin is going to want to make -- and he wants to make -- uh, he wants to end it. And you saw what I saw today. This is a man that wants to get us signed up and keep fighting, and we're not doing that, not for this country.

So we're setting a lot of records. Uh, economically, we're setting records. And I think every way, we're setting records. One of the best is the right track, wrong track. You saw that. We're on the right track for the first time in over 27 years. Uh, people are impressed with that. Uh, the other thing is the, um, feeling about our country.

The feeling is great. It's up 48 percent on feeling -- on business, and that's the record we've never had. There's never been a record where we've ever gone up that much in such a short period of time. So we're doing really well, uh, and I guess some of you are coming with us, and if you are, I hope you're going to have a good flight.

What?

He's got to say I want to make peace. He doesn't have to stand there and say about, uh, Putin this, Putin that, all negative things. He's got to say I want to make peace. I don't want to fight a war any longer. His people are dying. He doesn't have the cards, just so you understand it, okay?

I don't have to tell you that. Go ahead. I think you know the answer to that.

Look, I don't trust or distrust anybody. I just want to get a deal done. And if the deal happens, good. But you can't embolden somebody that does not have the cards and all of a sudden that person says, oh, well, now I can keep fighting, I can -- we're not going to keep fighting. We're going to get the war done or let them go and see what happens.

Let them fight it out.

I want anybody that's going to make peace. If he's capable of making peace, which he may or may not be, but I want somebody that's going to make peace. Again, he doesn't have the cards. When we sign up, he's got all of the cards. That doesn't mean he can fight. He's got to stop the fighting, stop the death.

He's losing hundreds of thousands of soldiers. It's time to stop the death.

Well, he says he wants it now. He wants to come back right now, but I can't do that.

They should have an immediate ceasefire. That was the other thing he didn't want to do about ceasefire. A ceasefire could take place immediately. A contract if you want to end the war, you sign up an agreement - that's going to take a period of time. It takes time. I want it to end immediately. And I think if you had a ceasefire, it would be a ceasefire, a real one that would end it. But he doesn't want to do that.

That's fine. Do a better deal.

I want it to end immediately. I want a ceasefire now. He said, oh, I don't want a ceasefire. Well, all of a sudden, he's a big shot because he has the US on his side. Either we're going to end it or let him fight it out, and if he fights it out, it's not going to be pretty, because without it -- without us, he doesn't win. Let me tell you.

It doesn't matter what I'm considering. I'm just telling you -- you saw what I saw today. That was not a man that wanted to make peace. And I'm only interested if he wants to end the bloodshed. Thank you very much.