Hello, everybody.

So I think most of you have seen, they released my physical. They did took the physical on Friday, and I understand it was a very good report. The numbers were perfect. And I took a cognitive exam and I would challenge anybody here to meet those marks because I have a perfect mark. Were you impressed by that?

But you're not that surprised, right?

Uh, you aren't. That's good. 'Cause I, I'm not in respect for you as a reporter. Uh, did you have any questions?

You always have.

Well, there shouldn't be. There shouldn't be ambiguity. Uh, we have a tremendous country. We have a country that's much richer today than it was a few months ago. We have a financial system that's very respected and, uh, we're gonna do great. And we were taken advantage of and ripped off by every country all over the world, almost, just about.

They laughed at us and we were run by foolish people and they took advantage of our country and we're just not gonna let that happen anymore.

Who else?

Right.

Well, I hope soon the big beautiful bill and it's, uh, the big beautiful tax cuts really, and regulation cuts and many other things. Uh, it passed its first test, as you know, the, the last couple of weeks, but particularly during last week where we had a vote. We won in the house, we won in the senate and, uh, that was a big chunk of it. And now they're gonna eventually take, pretty soon, a final vote.

And the big beautiful tax cuts and regulation cuts and all of the other things that are included in there will go into effect. And I think it'll be probably the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, the most comprehensive regulation cuts in the history of our country and many, many other things, including border wall money.

Uh, we built 571 miles of wall, but now we can add to it. Uh, as you know, we, we've just concluded a period of time where the border was the most secure it's been in the history of our country. We're very proud of the, the, the other week, couple of weeks ago, or last week actually, five people came in, five, and under Biden it was 500,000 people came in. What they've done to our country should never be forgotten, never be forgotten what they've done and that the news hasn't reported it correctly is a disgrace.

But what they've done to our country to allow these millions and millions of people in from prisons and mental institutions, insane asylums should never be forgotten.  we're gonna be living with that for a long time. This is tremendous work, tremendous effort. It's one thing they caused massive inflation, they caused a lot of problems, but what they've done to our border, to our country, you should never forget that.

And you should never, as journalists, allow people to forget it. Yeah?

Yeah.

Well --

That's right. But the tariffs will be in place, uh, in the not distant future because, as you know, like we did with steel, like we did with automobiles, like we did with aluminum, which are now fully on, we'll be doing that with semiconductors, with, uh, chips and numerous other things. And, uh, that'll take place in the very near future.

And what we did is we wanna uncomplicate it from a lot of companies because that's really where it should be, ideally. And we wanted to uncomplicate it from a lot of other companies 'cause we wanna make our chips and semiconductors and other things in our country. And I will tell you, another one is pharmaceuticals, drugs and pharmaceuticals.

We wanna make our drugs in this country and by, uh, placing a tariff on the companies that are not in this country, they're gonna move into our country and we're gonna have our drugs made in the United States. So that in case of war, in case of whatever, we're not relying on China and various other countries to supply us with drugs, which is not a good idea.

And it'll happen very fast. It'll all happen very fast. Yeah?

I, I'm gonna be announcing it over the next week.

That's what I hear. I mean, that's what has been reported to me. Uh, dead and, uh, also very inaccurately. And from the standpoint of Social Security, it's a horrible thing. From the standpoint of the, uh, strength of Social Security, when you take dead people out and all of the people that they're talking about, uh, that should not be in there, it's gonna make our system much stronger.

We're making Social Security stronger. The Democrats are destroying Social Security. Medicare and Medicaid also.

Oh, I think it was terrible, and I was told they made a mistake. Uh, but I think it's a horrible thing. I think the whole war's a horrible thing. I think the war is -- For that war to have started is an abuse of power. This country would've never allowed that war to have started if I were president. That war is a shame.

Millions of people are dead that should be alive. Cities are being destroyed all over Ukraine. The whole culture is gone. It's -- Or very, certainly very severely hurt. You know, the, uh, the chapels, the churches, the, uh, spirals, all of the things that they had in Ukraine were among the most beautiful anywhere in the world.

And most have been knocked down and blown up into a million pieces. But most importantly, you have millions of people dead that shouldn't be dead. Think of it. Think of what a rigged election means. We would've had absolutely -- We wouldn't have had the war in Ukraine. We wouldn't have had the Russia Ukraine situation.

We wouldn't have had October 7th, Israel, the Middle East. We wouldn't have inflation. We wouldn't have had the most embarrassing day or a period in the history of our country. That's Afghanistan. One of the most embarrassing moments in the history of our country, in Afghanistan. All of these things wouldn't have taken place.

Think of it, we wouldn't have had inflation. But millions of people would be alive except for the fact that the election were rigged because that war would've never started and Putin never would've started that war. Okay, any other question?

They, they made --

They made a mistake. I believe it was -- Look, you're gonna ask them. This is Biden's war. This is not my war. I've been here for a very short period of time. This is a war that was under Biden. He gave them billions and billions of dollars. He should have, uh, never allowed. If he w- -- if he had any brain, which he didn't have and doesn't have, and now it's been proven, uh, he wouldn't have allowed that water to start.

I would've absolutely not -- That war would never have taken place. But remember this. This is Biden's war. I'm just trying to get it stopped so that we can save a lot of lives. They happen to be Ukrainian and Russian lives, but all I wanna do is get it stopped.

I did. I met with him and he had some very good meetings in the Middle East, and he also had good meetings having to do with Russia, Ukraine.

Well, we're gonna be doing it very shortly. Iran also, uh, it was another, where I met with a different group of people in Iran, and we'll be making a decision on Iran very quickly. Yeah, please?

Well, it's deeply --

-- it's a deeply seated war. And again, it's a war that people didn't expect would start. And in my, in my administration, there was no chance that it would start. And it didn't, by the way. You know, I went four years and it didn't start. People say, "Oh, well how do you know?" Well, I know because I went four years and it didn't start.

You would've never had that war. It would've never started. Putin never would've start -- started it. I mean, I think frankly he had so little respect for Biden, that he started it for that reason, and obviously he didn't get along very well with, uh, Zelensky or anybody else. And, uh, now you have millions of dead people.

And those people, every one of them, should be alive right now.

Well, that's gonna be announced very soon and we'll, uh, we'll be discussing it, but we'll also talk to companies. You know, uh, you have to show a certain flexibility. Nobody should be so rigid. We will -- You have to have a certain flexibility and we're doing really well. And, uh, financially our country's gonna be stronger than it's ever been.

For some products, yeah. Maybe.

Now, I'll be announcing it in the not too distant future, but it's gonna be separately announced.

I'd very much like if you, look, automobiles, again, automobiles, we have a tariff. Nobody's complaining about it. It went through the process, we have the tariff. Uh, steel, aluminum and some other things, so -- And by the way, our country is taking in billions and billions of dollars on those tariffs. Billions of dollars.

And maybe, almost as importantly, or maybe more importantly, automobile companies, steel companies, steel companies and factories, and aluminum companies and factories are opening up in our country. But we're taking in billions of dollars on just those three categories.

Yeah, we're talking about different things, but we think that, I think that, the United States Steel, uh, one of the great companies of the world, U- -- U.S. Steel, should, uh, remain in our country. I feel that, I felt that for a long time this was one of the greatest company, companies in the world. For a period of time, for a long period of time, it was the single greatest company in America and I just don't think a foreign company should control it.

And you know what? They're not gonna have to, because the tariffs are gonna make U.S. Steel do so well.

Yeah.

It's true.

That's right.

Well, and it floats up --

-- past Los Angeles --

-- like everything else.

Yeah.

Yeah.

-- Mexico has a faulty sewage system that's dumping, uh, sewage into our part of the ocean.

And, uh, the Pacific Ocean's not looking too good on many occasions. Sometimes it stops and sometimes it breaks. And when it breaks, uh, very bad and disgusting things happen, and they shouldn't be doing that.

I just heard about it. No, I'll have to look into it.

Oh, we had a couple of them at two o'clock in the morning now. Biden, I guarantee --

Biden was sleeping for 10 hours already. Uh, no, I have a lot of respect for the press, really I do. Some of it's fake news, but a lot of it's good, like you. And, uh, really some of it's totally fake and sound like 60 Minute and I don't wanna --

Um --

Um, because I enjoy what I'm doing and I like the results. I think, uh, I think we're making America great again, and it makes me feel good.

And it probably keeps me happy.

Okay.

Thank you. That's a nice question. Give me -- that's a -- I like this guy.

Thank you.

I don't know.

55, what a nice age that is. Have, have a good time everybody.

Oh --

-- I did. Well, I have to congratulate Rory. That showed tremendous courage. He was, he was  having a hard time. But it showed great guts and stamina and courage. People have no idea how tough that is. And, uh, he came back. He could be proud --

Actually, it's better for him than it happened that way 'cause it --

-- showed real courage. To have come back from what could have been a tragedy was amazing. Did you watch it?

Pretty amazing, right?

Oh no, I wasn't going to watch it.

You knew there was no way. Even for you people there was no way.

It's one of my favorite shows ever. The Masters is, to me, my, maybe my favorite sporting show. And, uh, it showed, and you know, Justin Rose was great. They all --

Look, they're, they're, uh, great athletes under tremendous pressure. But unless you're a golfer, you don't understand it. It's a hundredth of an inch makes a difference between a great shot and a horrible shot. Think of it. Just a little tiny, a little small percentage of an inch and literally in some cases a hundredth of an inch --

-- is the difference between winning and losing.

Pretty amazing.

Who is --

How's he doing?

But he's getting tired being down there .

Any way, thank you very much everybody.

We're gonna have some good time --

And I hope you enjoyed the fights last night.

Now those are tough cookies. You think anybody in the --

-- field here could take Kevin --

-- a fight?

We don't want that but they're amazing. Dana White's amazing. Have a good time everybody.