So I'm going to go for a little while to represent the United States at the Ryder Cup, which is very exciting. And we'll be watching that. This is Kai, by the way, in case you didn't know.

How are you? And we'll be watching, uh, little golf. I think we have, uh, maybe a deal on Gaza. I'm very close to a deal on Gaza. Hey,  Hello, Gina. It's looking like we have a deal on Gaza. And we'll let you know.

I think it's a deal that will get the hostages back. It's going to be a deal that will end the war. Uh. It's going to be a deal -- it's going to be peace. I think we have a deal that will be number eight, Peter, not 10.

It's not a list, but I think there'll be others. I mean, they're corrupt. These -- these were corrupt radical left Democrats who told me essentially was -- he was worse than the Democrats. I would say the Democrats are better than Comey.

No, there'll be others. Look, it was -- that's my opinion. Uh, they weaponized the Justice Department like nobody in history. What they've done is terrible. And so I would -- I hope there are -- frankly, I hope there are others. Because you can't let this happen to a country.

Well, we'll see, but it's a pretty easy case. Because look, he lied. You saw my Truth today. He lied. It was -- yes, no. He didn't say well, in my opinion. He didn't do a lot of things that maybe he should have. But I don't think he could because he lied. That was a very important question that he was asked.

And he wanted to be specific, but he didn't. The only thing that happened to him, he didn't think he'd get caught.

That's the answer that he gave. That was a very important answer. And it was very -- for him it was a very good answer if he didn't get caught. But he got caught lying to Congress.

Well, that's what they tried to do, right? They did it with me. For four years, they went after me. They went after me for four years. And that doesn't include the four great years that we had in the White House. So, when I ran it from, you know, 2016, when we won. It began before I got to office, you know that.

Wait a minute. Before I came to office, I started hearing rumors about Russia. I said what the hell do I have to do with Russia? Nothing. And then he got worse and worse. And some of the fakers, not you, but some of the fake news picked it up. And they loved it. And we went through a long time with that.

And despite that, we had a great first term.

It's about justice, though. It's not revenge. It's about --

It's also -- it's also about the fact that you can't let this go on. They are sick, radical left people. And they can't get away with it. And Comey --

Comey was one of the people. He wasn't the biggest, but he's a dirty cop. He's always been a dirty cop. Everybody knew it. And it's, you know, as far as the case is concerned, he gave an answer. It was a strong answer. He then verified it a couple of times. Because that was a very important answer. If he would have equivocated if he would have been like a little bit less sure, that would have been very bad for him.

So he gave an answer. The only problem is for him, he didn't think he'd be caught. And he got caught  --

It's about justice. He lied. He lied a lot. But this was a very important thing. This is -- he could have said well, maybe or I don't remember. He didn't say that. He gave a very specific answer. And then he verified it numerous times. And he got caught. The problem that Comey has is he got caught lying.

And he was very strong about it. It's not like well, maybe or I don't remember or -- he gave a very specific answer because it was a very powerful question, a very important question. And when he gave the answer, the only problem is he got caught, so.

Well, we're going to see, because the radical left Democrats want to shut it down. And it's up to them. We have a great economy going. You saw the numbers yesterday. They're fantastic. The economy is doing well, prices are down. We have virtually no inflation. Everything is going good. We're respected by every nation in the world.

And you know what happens? The Democrats want to shut it down. And they want to shut it down because they want to give billions, ultimately trillions of dollars to illegal migrants, people that came into our country illegally. Some of those people are criminals, but they came into our country illegally and they want to give them the assets over the years of trillions of dollars.

And our people aren't going to stand for it. They also want to have open borders. They want to have men in women's sports. They want to have transgender for everybody. These people are crazy, the Democrats. So if it has to be shut down, it'll have to be shut down. But they're the ones that are shutting down the government.

Thank you.