I saw a friendly face over here.

Well he gave some information on the plane. I think we covered everything very carefully and uh, in great detail.

You probably have seen it. Have you seen the information from the plane?

Just an idea I've had, and I guess because the judges, so many of these radicalized judges, uh, they want to have trials for every single -- Think of it, every single person that's in our country illegally, they came in illegally. That would mean millions of trials, and it's just so ridiculous, what's happening.

And it's long been a symbol, Alcatraz, of whatever it is. I mean, you know, it's a sad symbol-

-- but it's a, it's a symbol of law and order and uh, it's got quite a history frankly.

So, I think we're gonna do that and we're looking at it right now.

Yeah, the movie tariffs. What they've done is, other nations have been stealing the, the movies, the movie making capability from the United States. And I said to a couple of people, "What do you think?" I've done some very strong research over the last week and we're making very few movies now. Hollywood is being destroyed.

Now you have an incompetent, grossly incompetent governor that allowed that to happen. So I'm not just blaming other nations but other nations, a lot of them, have stolen our movie industry. And I'm saying if they're not willing to make a movie inside the United States, then we should have a tariff on movies that come in. And not only that, governments are actually giving big money, I mean, they're supporting them financially.

So that's sort of a threat to our country in a sense. And uh, it's been a very popular thing. I can tell you one thing-

-- movie makers, love it.

Well, Canada's only one of many countries.

I don't know. We haven't thought about it, but we'll be leaving for Saudi Arabia pretty soon. Uh, I have not thought about it. We've had some good conversations on Russia and Ukraine over the weekend, over the last few days actually. But we've had some very good conversations on Russia and Ukraine. There's a lot of hatred there, I will tell you, between the two parties and between, even the generals.

I mean there's tremendous amount of hatred. But we've had some very good discussions over the last few days.

Well, I, I haven't heard that, but I'm a big fan of crypto because I wanna keep it away from China. Crypto is a whole new thing that started, you know, not so long ago, but I'm very much in favor of crypto, Bitcoin, all of the different things because otherwise China's gonna take it over and just like AI, just like so many other industries or whatever you want to call them, crypto is very important, I think for our country.

Well, I don't know, Albanese, I'm very friendly with, I haven't -- I don't know anything about the election other than-

-- the man that won is very -- He's very good. He is a friend of mine.

Well, uh, I can only say that he's been very, very nice to me, very respectful to me. I have no idea who the other person is that ran against him. And you know, we've had a very good relationship.

Restoration of what?

Well I was the one in my first term that helped them get money and helped them really, uh, live a much better life. That was a very important thing I did in my first term, but I'm not aware of anything that may have been brought up recently. Thank you. Thank you very much.

I like General Flynn.

I'm so sorry.