So, Daytona was fantastic. The crowd was amazing. The people loved that sport, and there are wonderful people that run it. And they had a little rain delay, but we'll go home and watch it, I guess, or some of you will. And others will try and create peace throughout the world. Do you have any questions, please?

I did.

We're moving along. We're trying to get peace with Russia, Ukraine, and we're working very hard on it. It's a war that should have never started.

Yeah, I do. I do. He will be involved. Yes.

Yeah, I would.

No, I don't agree. I don't agree. Not even -- not even a little bit.

I don't know if that's what he said. I don't think he said that.

I think he wants to stop fighting. I see that. We spoke long and hard. Steve Witkoff was with him for a very extended period, like about three hours. I think he wants to stop fighting. They have a big powerful machine. You understand that. And they defeated Hitler and they defeated Napoleon. You know, they've been fighting a long time.

They've done it before. And -- but I think he'd like to -- I think he would like to stop fighting.

No, I think he wants to stop. That was my question to him. Because if he's going to go on, that would have been a big problem for us and that would have caused me a big problem because you just can't let that happen. I think he wants to end it, and they want to end it fast, both of them. And Zelenskyy wants to end it, too.

Well, we're working to get it done. I mean, you know, it's too bad it started. It would have been a lot easier to end it before it started, right? But it started because we had an incompetent president that -- he didn't know what he was doing. That should have never started. That war was so easy to stop.

Remember this, that under Bush, they took a lot. Under Obama, they took a lot. Under Biden, they're trying to take the whole thing. And under Trump, they took nothing, nothing. Nothing was gone, not even a little bit. So, it's too bad. It's really too bad. A lot of people are dead right now that should be alive and a lot of cities are destroyed that can never come back like they were.

Those beautiful golden domes and all of the multicolored domes that were a thousand years old, they're all laying and, you know, just shattered. So, it's very sad. They ruined the culture.

Yeah.

Well, I tell you, I have been briefed. I told Bibi you do whatever you want because, you know, my statement was they got to come back. Now, the reason I made that statement, because they said they weren't going to deliver -- they were not going to deliver the people that they said they were going to deliver -- that they agreed to deliver.

And they did agree to do that, but they broke that agreement. When I made the statement, they delivered everybody plus an American. Now, the good news is they look like they're in pretty good shape because the people from the week before didn't look like they were in good shape. They looked like Holocaust survivors, frankly, horrible.

Whatever happened to them was horrible. But that'll be up to Israel what the next step is, in consultation with me.

Peace through strength. You understand that, right? It's called peace through strength. You know, they contracted for those weapons a long time ago in the Biden administration, and then Biden wouldn't deliver the weapons. But I look at it differently. I say peace through strength. They were sitting there.

Nobody knew what to do with them. They bought them. But I believe in that very strongly.

Why is that? Why?

That's all right. I don't mind. Let them do it. Let them do it. They're just hurting themselves if they do that. I can't imagine it, but doesn't matter. We're having reciprocal tariffs. Whatever they charge, we charge. It's very simple. If a certain country like India, which is very high tariff, if they charge us X dollars, we charge them X dollars.

It's all right. It's a fair -- it's a fair thing to do. Even the media said it was fair. And it's going to be very good for the United States.

No, there's no time set, but it could be very soon.

Well, it'll be soon. We'll see what happens. But they're meeting right now, and that's more -- I mean, this should have been done four years ago, three years ago before it started, but it should have been done immediately after it started as opposed to now three years later.

Which is -- what?

Well, it's the flu. It means a long -- before I ever got here, it was at an all-time high. These things -- and remember, I've been here for three weeks. And when you saw the inflation numbers -- I've been here for three weeks. I had nothing to do with inflation. This was caused by Biden. I had four years of virtually no inflation.

So, I'm just taking over. But I'll tell you what, this country has made more progress in the last three weeks than it's made in the last four years, and we're respected again as a country. Thank you very much. Thank you.