Yeah, it's very sad. He's having a hard time, so, obviously you see why he --

-- the end result is, but --

-- uh, he was a good man. He worked very hard.

He, uh, he loved the world.

He, uh, lo -- he loved the world.

He really did. He loved the world. So, uh --

It's an honor to mention, it's an honor, we're -- the flags of the country, as you know, have been taken to half mast.

And they'll be that way for about four days.

Well I -- I met uh, two of them. And, uh, look, these are, these are great gentlemen. They're great. If they weren't, they wouldn't be Pope.

Oh, totally.

Why -- why do you even ask a question like that? We have recruitments at, that's at our all-time high. The spirit in the Armed Forces is fantastic. Look, great confidence.

Are you bringing up Signal again? I thought they gave that up two weeks ago.

It's just all, it's all, uh, just the same old stuff from the media. It's just, that's an old one. Try finding something new.

Uh, we love you all. We're with you all. They were with me during the election as you know, very strongly, and uh, it's just an honor to, uh, have the support of the Catholics. And uh, I feel very badly for them because they loved the Pope.

I think very good.

I've had that, but I think very good.

There's a chance. There's a very good chance.

They've been fine.

We'll end up having a deal. We're gonna ultimately have a deal with anyone. If we don't, we're gonna make it anyway.

But we're gonna ultimately have, the economy's very good. We don't have inflation. Energy's down at the lowest it's been in years. Uh, we hit actually $1.98, uh, recently in a couple of states. I think we're doing really well. We're all set. There's a little transition and that's gonna happen, but ultimately, we're gonna be the strongest that we've ever been as a nation.

We're already, uh, at 25% for cars and aluminum steel. Th-they're taking in a lot of money. A lot of money. More money than this country's seen and that's just the beginning.

Ah, I don't know yet. We're gonna be briefed on it right now. In fact, I'm going to the oval --

Say it --

Well, I don't know. I just have to look at the timing. We just, uh, lowered the flag

So, uh, I will be giving you the full detail of it in the next three days but we had a very good meeting on Ukraine, Russia. We had a very good meeting. We actually -- On Iran too. We'll see how that looks.

Uh, next step is we need a little time but we had very good meetings on Iran. We had very good -- And the tariffs are going very well. As you know. Everyone wants to negotiate.

He was a very good man who loved, uh, loved the world. And he especially loved people that were having a hard time and that's good with me.

Yes he did.

Yeah, I do. I do agree.

I mean I hear they're doing that whole thing, thing again. Here we go again. It's just a waste of time.

He is doing, he is doing a great job.

Because he's doing a great job.

Ask, ask the Houthis how he's doing.

Well we were, uh, elected to clean up the mess of this country, and we had millions and millions of people come in who were criminals, who were murderers, who were everything you can imagine. Drug lords, drug dealers, they came in from prisons and from mental institutions. And, I was elected to move them out.

Among many other things. And that's what we're doing.

Ask the Houthis how much their  Uh, Pete's doing a great job. Everybody is happy with him. We have the highest recruit -- pr- proven numbers I think they've had in 28 years. Uh, no he's doing a great job. It's just fake news. They just bring up stories. I guess it's -- sounds like disgruntled employees.

You know, he was put there to get rid of a lot of bad people and that's what he's doing. So, uh, you don't always have friends when you're doing that.

I'm going to be, yeah -- I, I will be there. I hope to be.

Uh, we're opening a fantastic  there. And I hope we're going to get to see him.

It's going to be great, thank you.

I comply with everything.

Well I make the fact that you have to have a safe country. If people are in our country illegally and if people are -- that have records that are very bad in particular, uh, we have to get them out. I, I was, as you know, elected on the basis that, uh, we would have very little crime in our country. They don't want illegal immigrants.

We've closed up the border. The border is now the strongest border we've ever had --

Well if they came legally then they're gonna be in good shape.

Thank you, I appreciate it.

Hi there, thank you.

Well, you're doing all right? Everyone is in great shape?

Yeah, make sure you like each other.

If you don't, don't get married.

He's a good man.

Yeah.

Very important. It brings the country together and it's so important that we can do that, religion. I said bring religion back. It brings us together. Such a a great thing.

How did he get back here?

Thank you.