Jeff. So, uh, we're going to the fight and we have lots of fights going around the world, and I think we have a lot of good news coming soon about some of those fights. And, uh, we'll see how it goes. But it's been a -- it's been an interesting weekend. I think we have some pretty good news coming on some of the conflicts.

I think they're going okay.

Well, I can't tell you about, because it doesn't -- nothing matters until you get it done. So I don't like talking about it. But it's going okay. The Iran situation's going pretty good.

I think.

There are other talks going well. I think Ukraine/Russia might be going okay, and you're gonna be finding out pretty soon. You know, there's a point at which you just have to either put up a shut up. We'll see what happens. But I think it's going fine. Uh, I think we have the tariffs in very good shape. We have a lot of things going, don't we, huh, when you think about We got a lot of things going?

Inflation's dropping. Americans have more money, and the country has more money. You know, we've been making $2 and $3 billion a day the last couple of weeks. We didn't make that ever. And we're making a lot of money. And then I -- to be nice, I lowered the tariffs on everybody. But we've been making a lot of money and, uh, it's always been the other way around.

Other -- other countries, in particular China, was making a lot of money.

Right.

Well, we have no inflation. We have lots of success. We have a lot of great things in the hope column. We hope it's gonna be concluded, some of these things. Uh, we have a, uh, border that's totally sealed at a level that nobody's seen, even during my four years. I was very successful with it, but I think we have it even a little more closed.

We are allowing people into the country, but they have to come in legally. But I appreciate your question. Yeah, we have no inflation and people are doing well.

Well, they're both friends of mine. They're both good men. And, uh, I don't know. We don't -- we don't know who else is running. But these two, you know, Ken and John, they're both friends of mine. So I'll make a determination

I'll give you -- I'll give you that answer on Monday.

We'll be very specific on Monday.

But we're taking in -- we're taking in a lot of money. As a country, we're taking in a lot of money. Uh, you guys have to sit down. We're landing. Okay. I don't want you to get hurt, especially.  Have a good time. Thank you, everybody.

Are you all going to the fight tonight?

Well, you have a lot of good fights. You know who's gonna win? Dana White.

Dana White's gonna win. That's the only one --

We'll be doing it tonight.

Off the record, we'll be doing it tonight. Off the record. I think we're doing it tonight. Have a good time, everybody.

You'll shave some fun.

I appreciate it.