So, thank you very much. We had a great meeting, this great unity. Whether it's one bill or two bill, it's going to get done one way or the other. I think there's a lot of talk about two, and there's a lot of talk about one, but it doesn't matter. The end result is the same. We're going to get something done that's going to be reducing taxes and creating a lot of jobs and all of the other things that you know about.

But this was a really unified meeting, and I want to thank John and everybody for -- it was a great turnout. You know, this was -- came here for the funeral tomorrow. We went over to Blair House. I went over with the First Lady. I met the Carter family. They were lovely. They were really very sad, but also, they were celebrating because he was a very fine man.

I knew him a little bit, but I knew him only as a fine man. Then we came here. We had a meeting, but it was a really good meeting, very strong. And we'll get something done. One, bill, two bills, doesn't matter to me. They're going to work that out, but the end result is going to be the same. So, thank you, all, very much, and we'll see -- you have a big couple of days coming up. And then in a week and a half, we have, I think some really tremendous things happening.

We have some really -- I think it's going to be -- it's going to set this country apart from all others. It is a great, great work. Any quick questions?

Yeah. I don't think we have a pushback. Greenland is -- if you look at the people there, we got tremendous -- we got applause as we landed yesterday. I had my representatives, my son, Don, and representatives go there. And it was -- it was like a love fest. You know that the Panama Canal, look, they're taking advantage of it. They charge more for our ships than they do any other ships.

They charge more for our navy to go through. We built it. We gave it to them for $1. In other words, we gave it to them for nothing, the most expensive structure ever built in the history of our country, relatively speaking, the most -- by far, the most -- 38,000 people. They gave it to them for $1, and then they charge more for our ships.

It's not going to happen. And China is running the Panama Canal. That's not going to happen either.

Oh, sure.

Well, it's very sad because I've been trying to get Gavin Newsom to allow water to come. You'd have tremendous water up there. They send it out to the Pacific because they're trying to protect a tiny little fish, which is in other areas, by the way, called the smelt. And for the sake of a smelt, they have no water.

They had no water in the fire hydrants today in Los Angeles. It was a terrible thing. And we're going to get that done. It's going to finally be done. I got it done from the federal side, and he didn't want to sign it. But it's not going to happen again like that. There's no reason. Can you imagine, you have farmers that don't have any water in California?

They have plenty of water. They don't have a drought. They send it out to the Pacific, and it's crazy. So, what's happening in California is a true tragedy. I know those areas very well. I have many friends living in those houses. That is a true tragedy. Nobody ever thought -- I mean, virtually, Beverly Hills and areas around Beverly Hills are being decimated.

The biggest homes, some of the most valuable homes in the world are -- are just destroyed. I don't even know. You know, you talk about a tax base. If those people leave, you're going to lose half your tax base off of California. This is a true tragedy, and it's a mistake of the governor and, you could say, the administration.

They don't have any water. They didn't have water in the fire hydrants. They don't have water, and yet, they have -- the water comes from you know where? Up north, and it comes down at levels -- they give millions and millions of barrels of -- of gallons of water that they have, and they send it out into the Pacific.

For the Pacific, it's like a drop. It's nothing. But for California, it would take care of the whole state. So, what's happened is a tragedy, and the governor has not done a good job. With that being said, I got along well with him when he was governor. We worked together very well, and we would work together.

I guess it looks like we're going to be the one having to rebuild it. But what happened there, I don't think there's anything that I've ever seen quite like it. And the insurance companies are going to have a big problem because you're talking about big, big dollars.

Oh, I have no -- I thought it was ridiculous that he did that, but we have more important things to talk about. Liz Cheney was -- she lost in the Republican Party as you know in her state by the biggest margin in the history of a politician running for Congress. She lost by like 42 points. Nobody's ever lost like that.

So, I have -- I don't care about Liz Cheney. I care about these people.

Number one, we're closing the border. It's going to be closed very strongly, and it's going to be closed. And we're going to have to take people out that are criminals. We have people from jails from all over the world and from mental institutions. And as you know, they're going to have to be removed, and it's one of the reasons I won the election in a landslide.

The people of this country don't want murderers walking down their farms or their streets or their cities. As you know, we had thousands of people that murdered other people that were in jail that were released into our country. Many of those people murdered more than one person. Many of them, about 42% supposedly.

We want them out of our country, and we're going to get our country back again. And we're going to be really governed by common sense. These are the principles of common sense. We're not going to be governed by stupid people. We're going to common sense. We're going to be respected all over the world again very soon.

Thank you very much. Thank you.