Thank you very much. Um, that's amazing. These are all American companies. They're doing very well here. We work together. So it's not only the investment coming in by the hundreds of billions into our country, like you see in Oklahoma, like you see all over, many of the jobs with Exxon and Boeing and so many great companies.

But, uh, we work together and the money that's made here, uh, comes back to us. And many of the contractors, I would imagine, come even for this --

They come from here.

Plus, a lot of the entertainment itself comes here.

So it's -- uh, it's an incredible thing. Now, here's the good news. I've been doing this for four days. I leave now and get onto a 42-year-old Boeing. But new ones are coming.

New ones are coming. And, uh, it's been an incredible -- actually, an incredible four days. It's, uh, I want to thank your family. Your family is so unbelievable, the job they've done.

And your father has been, uh, really incredible. The job they've done here is incredible and, uh, we've made it work. And, you know, they were being wooed by others, but there's no more wooing. I think we're in pretty good shape.

There's no more wooing. Uh, I've been friends with, uh, these leaders, the three leaders particular, that we saw over the last three, four days, five days. And they're great people. They're great people and they love our country and we love them. So it's been a tremendous time. And now it's time to go back home.

My daughter had a baby. I'm gonna go back home and see that little baby. And then we get back to, uh, a lot of work. We'll see what happens with Russia and Ukraine. I think it's, uh, something that's -- it's just we've to stop the killing, 5,000 people a week. 5,000 young people a week on average being killed in a war that is going nowhere.

It's a shame. Should -- should have never happened. But we have other things to do also. Plus, we have an Iran situation, which we're gonna take care of. One way or the other, we're taking care of. It'll be taken care of 100%. It'll be done nicely or not nicely. And the not nicely is, uh, not a good thing for them.

And I think, uh, we're talking to them and they're -- uh, I think they've come a long way. So I just want to thank, the media's been very fair, I have to say. And, uh, they've been-- they realize the importance of what we've done here. And it -- it really is. And it's an honor. And it's sort of easy for me because I know the people.

I've known them. I've known your father for a lot longer than I've been in politics. Because I did have another life that was a very good life and a very successful life. But this is something that's really successful because we're doing it for 325 million people. And, uh, the United States now is the hottest country anywhere in the world.

And you see that even with enlistments, uh, military enlistments setting records. Six months ago, you couldn't get anybody to go into the military. And so many other things. So, uh, we're -- we're just doing great. We have, uh, probably, I was saying two days ago, 10, we have $10 trillion of investment. And now the 10 trillion is probably 12 or 13, I think, Scott and --

-- Howard. I think we're probably looking at 10 to, uh, now we're looking at 13, maybe $13 trillion. These are numbers that nobody's ever, even, you guys, you've never heard of numbers. This -- these are numbers that nobody's ever -- has ever heard of before.

Yeah, you're not. You better not be.

You do. He does. He does. (Laughs). That I agree. That's right. If you get that big, I'm gonna not like you so much anymore. So I want to thank everybody. The media's been great. And we'll see you guys back in, uh, Washington. D.C. See you. Even Peter's being nice today. Have a good time.

Say it?

Yes, I have. I have spoken to her a couple of times. She's doing great, the baby's great, and, uh, we will be seeing them very soon. Very nice. Thank you very much for the-

Yeah.

Well, we're gonna -- I -- I think it's time for us to just do it. I said -- uh, you know, they all said Putin was going and Zelensky was going. And I said, "If I don't go, I guarantee Putin's not going." And he didn't go. And I'm -- I understand that, but we're gonna get it. We're gonna get it done. We gotta get it done. 5,000 young people are being killed every single week on average, and we're gonna get it done.

No, he didn't show up because he heard Putin wasn't going, so.

As soon as we can set it up. I was gonna -- I would actually leave here and go. I do want to see my beautiful grandson, s -- son. And, uh, we'll be doing that. But I will -- I will tell you that, uh, the world is a much safer place right now. And I think in, uh, two or three weeks we could have it be a much, much safer place.

We're gonna handle a couple of situations that you have here. We have -- you have some very serious situations. And we're looking at Gaza and we gotta get that taken care of. A lot of people are starving, A lot of people are -- there's a lot of bad things going on. Okay. Thank you all very much.

And in particular, I want to thank you.

I hope you get everything straightened out.

You what?

Yeah, I'll -- I'll do that. Thank you. Thank you, Peter. We'll see you back there.

Oh, you will good. I'll see you.