I don't think so, but I'm not happy that Israel's going out now. There was one rocket that I guess was fired overboard. It was after the time limit, and it missed its target. And now Israel's going out. These guys got to calm down -- ridiculous.

I didn't like plenty of things I saw yesterday. I didn't like the fact that Israel unloaded right after we made the deal. They didn't have to unload. And I didn't like the fact that the retaliation was very strong. But in all fairness, Israel unloaded a lot. And now I hear Israel just went out because they felt it was violated by one rocket that didn't land anywhere.

That's not what we want. I'll tell you and I'm telling you, I'm not happy about that Israel either.

Because all I do is play both sides. I'm going now, as you know, to NATO. Some of you are going with me and I think it's going to be successful, we'll see. I'll let you know.

Look, you're asking me about women in the Middle East. It's getting a lot better. Things are happening at a high level. As you know, Saudi Arabia has done a really good job. It's coming out far faster than I thought. So, we're very happy about what's happening with women in the Middle East.

That's true.

It's a new dawn. I appreciate the question. You're very nice. Who are you?

Very good. Well, we have to have Israel calm down because they went on a mission this morning. I've got to get Israel to calm down now.

I spoke to everybody, yes.

I think they both violated it. I don't think they -- I'm not sure they did it intentionally. They couldn't reign people back. I don't like the fact that Israel went out this morning at all, and I'm going to see if I can stop it. So, as soon as I get away from you, I'm going to see if I can stop it, OK?

I think it's been completely demolished. I think the reason we're here is because those pilots, those B-2 pilots did an unbelievable job. And you know the fake news, like CNN in particular, they're trying to say, well, I agree that it was destroyed, but maybe not that destroyed. You know what they're doing?

They're really hurting great pilots that put their lives on the line. CNN is scum and so is MSDNC, they're all -- and frankly the networks aren't much better. It's all fake news, but they should not have done that. Those pilots hit their targets. Those targets were obliterated, and the pilots should be given credit.

They're not after the pilots, they're after me, they want to try and demean.

No. Iran will never rebuild its nuclear. From there? Absolutely not. That place is under rock. That place is demolished. The B-2 pilots did their job; they did it better than anybody could even imagine. They hit late in the evening -- it was dark with no moon, and they hit that target with every one of those things and that place is gone.

But when I see CNN, all night long, they're trying to say, well, maybe it wasn't really as demolished as we thought. It was demolished. You take a look at the pinpricks, and you see that place is gone. And I will say, I think CNN ought to apologize to the pilots of the B-2s. I think that MSDNC ought to apologize.

I think these guys, really -- these networks and these cable networks are real losers. You really are -- you're real losers.

You're gutless. You're gutless losers. I say that to CNN because I watch it. I have no choice. I've got to watch that garbage, it's all garbage, it's all fake news. But I think CNN is a gutless group of people. And the people that run it, nobody even knows this it's been sold so many times, but the people that run it ought to be ashamed.

MSDNC, a guy named Brian Roberts, he heads it. He's a disgrace. He's a weak pathetic disgrace.

Yeah, I do. They violated, but Israel violated it too.

Israel, as soon as we made the deal, they came out and they dropped a load of bombs the likes of which I've never seen before. The biggest load that we've seen. I'm not happy with Israel. You know when I say OK, now you have 12 hours, you don't go out in the first hour and just drop everything you have on them.

So, I'm not happy with them. I'm not happy with Iran either. But I'm really unhappy if Israel is going out this morning because of one rocket that didn't land that was shot perhaps by mistake that didn't land. I'm not happy about that.

You know what? We have -- we basically have two countries that have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand that?