Hello everybody.

We brought our star along here, we're going to Pittsburgh. We're gonna be counting about -- Actually, gonna be numbers like nobody's ever heard before. It's mostly to do with AI. Uh, we have tremendous investments being made, literally trillions of dollars of investments being made in our country on AI, artificial intelligence.

I don't know if the word artificial is a good word, but that's the word. That's what they've chosen. So I think we're gonna have a very successful trip. Uh, we had a good call with the Texas Congressman this morning, as you probably heard, and that went very well. And, uh, do you have any questions? Yeah.

Very slight. Uh, essentially, uh, they were exactly as anticipated, very low inflation. So, what you should do is lower the rate. The Fed should lower the rate immediately.

We had a big win with the Supreme Court on the Department of Education. Uh, we wanna, as you know, we wanna bring education back to the states, take the federal government out of it. A little tiny bit of supervision, but very little, almost nothing. Like to make sure they speak English. That's about all we need.

Well, we have school choice and we're getting school choice approved all over the country. We just got it done in Texas. And school choice is the answer. Yes?

Hi Steven.

Well, at the end of 50 days, if we don't have a deal, gonna be, uh, too bad.

Yeah, the tariffs are gonna go on and other sanctions go on.

No. He shouldn't target Moscow.

No, we're not looking to do that.

Oh, I don't think 50 days is very long. And it could be sooner than that. I don't think 50 days is very long.

You should have asked that same question to Biden. Why did he get us into this war? You should ask that question.

Yeah. And what did he tell you? Why did he get us into this war?

You know why he got us in? Because he's a dummy, that's why. And you don't, and you don't cover it right.

But you should be asking that question to Biden, why did he get us into this war? Because he's incompetent. It would've never happened if I were president.

So we made a deal with Indonesia. I spoke to their really great president, very popular, very strong, smart. And we, uh, made the deal. We have full access to Indonesia, everything. As you know, Indonesia is very strong on copper. Uh, but we have full access to everything. We will pay no tariffs. Uh, so they are giving us access into I- Indonesia, which we never had.

That's probably the biggest part of the deal. And the other part is they are going to pay 19% and we are going to pay nothing. Uh, it's gonna -- I think it's a good deal for both parties. But we will have full access into Indonesia, and we have a couple of those deals that are gonna be announced. Uh, India basically is working along that same line.

We're gonna have access into India. And you have to understand, we had no access into any of these countries. Our people couldn't go in. And now we're getting access because of what we're doing with the tariffs. So they're paying 19% and we are not paying anything. And, uh, they're gonna have, they're gonna give us full access into Indonesia.

Now, Indonesia has some great product and they also have some very valuable earths and various other materials. One of the things, as you know, they're known for is very high quality copper, which we'll be using.

Oh, we had very little inflation. Uh, I don't know -- Who do you work for?

What?

Oh, well, they wrote me a beautiful article the other day, so I can't get angry at you.

USA Today just wrote a very good article about me. What's that all about?

So I can't get angry at you.

No, there was very little inflation, as you know. The numbers were very good, very much inside the margin. So we've had no inflation. All we have is we're making a fortune. We are taking in hundreds of billions of dollars. You saw we had a surplus of $25 billion last month, which we haven't had in many, many years.

Uh, we are do it because I gotta, because I'm able to do it. Nobody else would be able to do it. We have tariffs going on because we want tariffs, and we want the money coming into the United States. But more important than the money, there's two aspects of tariffs. There's the money which comes in. The other aspect is that rather than paying the tariffs, the country or the company will build in the United States, make their product in the United States.

And that creates jobs.

And I would say of the two, probably the more important to me is that. Yeah?

No, I'm on nobody's side. I'm, n- no.

I wanna -- You know who the side I'm on? Humanity's side. I wanna stop the killing of thousands of people a week.

I wanna stop the killing. I want the killing to stop in the Ukraine-Russia war. That's the side I'm on.

Uh, the Attorney General's handled that very well. Uh, she is, uh, she's really done a very good job. And I think that when you look at it, you'll understand that. Uh, I would like to see that also. But I think the Attorney General, the credibility is very important. And uh, you want credible evidence for something like that.

And I think the Attorney General's handled it very well. On what? On the, uh? On what? On what subject?

A very, very quick briefing here.

No, no. She's, uh, she's given us just a very quick briefing, and in terms of the credibility of the different things that they've seen. And I would say that, you know, these files were made up by Comey. They were made up by Obama. They were made up by -- But the Biden inform, you know, uh. We, and we went through years of that with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, with all of the different things that we had to go through.

We've gone through years of it, but she's handled it very well and it's gonna be up to her. Whatever she thinks is credible, she should release. Yeah?

Five.

Yeah, well that's okay too. But five, I think we get five. And there could be some other states. We're gonna get another three or four or five in addition. Texas would be the biggest one. And that'll be five.

No, no, I just, a very simple redrawing. We pick up five seats. But we have a couple of other states where we'll pick up seats also.

Well, when he was in my office.

Uh, I told him he's doing a very bad job. He's way late. That's why I call him too late. Jerome Powell is too late. He's way late. Interest rates should be coming down. We're -- We have a very, very successful country. We should have the lowest interest rate anywhere in the world. And we don't. Jerome Powell has done a terrible job and frankly, I don't think he could do a worse job.

He's called everything wrong. So they had a report come out the other day, 71 different economists and me. You know who was right? Me.

You know that? I was right. I do know that. I did know it.

You must be kidding.

You must be kidding.

That's a funny one coming. You had to waste a question like that.

No. Uh, we are talking to the EU.

And we're making progress. But look, you know, we already have a deal with the EU. It's called the letter that was sent out. I think it was 30%. That's the EU. But we, uh, at the same time, we are talking.

No, no. Go ahead.

I think he should stay. I think he has a shot.

Well, I don't wanna say. You know, I'm a Republican, he's a Democrat or an Independent. No, I think Andrew would have a good shot of winning.

Gotta run a tough campaign. He's, uh --

You know, he is running against the communists. I would think that he would have a good shot of winning.

Uh, we're gonna be meeting with the British Prime Minister, very respected. And uh, we are going to have a meeting with him, probably in Aberdeen. And we're gonna do a lot of different things. And we're gonna also refine the trade deal that we've made. So we'll be meeting mostly with the, uh, at probably one of my properties.

Or maybe not, depending on what happens. But, uh, we'll be in Aberdeen in Scotland, meeting with the Prime Minister.

Well, I don't know how they can retaliate. You know, they've made a lot of money. They've treated us very badly, but now they're treating us very nicely. And I think we'll end up, I think everybody's going to be happy with the EU.

Uh, not a plan. I would do it. I have a lot of respect. I really like his brother. His brother is a major, serious Trumper. You know that? He's MAGA all the way. I like the Pope's brother, and I think I'd like the Pope. But the Pope's brother lives in Florida. I met him and he is MAGA, he's got MAGA signs all over the house.

He likes Trump and I like him.

All right, how about you?

Well, we're gonna see what happens with President Putin. So far I've been very disappointed with President Putin. I've solved a lot of wars in the last three months, but I haven't gotten this one yet. Uh, this is a Biden war. It's not a Trump war. I'm here to try and get us outta that mess.

Any messages for what? Yeah, go ahead. Do I have a what?

For the people of Brazil?

Are you from Brazil?

Uh, he going to trial now, right?

When is that trial starting?

When is the trial for Bolsonaro starting? When is it --

How is it going?

But they haven't found him guilty, have they?

But have they found him guilty? No.

Look, here's a sub. President Bolsonaro is a good man. I've gotten to know a lot of prime ministers, and presidents, and kings and queens, and I know I'm -- And I'm pretty good at this. President Bolsonaro is not a dishonest man. He loves the people of Brazil. He fought hard for the people of Brazil. He negotiated trade deals against me for the people of Brazil.

And he was very tough. And he was tough because he, he wanted to do a good deal for his country. He was not a dishonest man. And I believe it's a witch hunt and it shouldn't be happening. And it's not that I know him that -- Look, he's not like a friend of mine. He's somebody that I know, and I know him as a representative of millions of people.

Brazilians, they're great people. And he loves the country, and he fought hard for those people, and they wanna put him in jail. And I think that's a, uh, witch hunt, and I think it's very unfortunate.

And nobody's happy with what Brazil is doing because Bolsonaro was a respected president, very respected.

I would love to see him brought to justice. I think it's --

I think, I'll tell you what, I think Adam Schiff is one of the lowest of the low. I would love to see him brought to justice. Uh, he is a dishonest, crooked guy. I don't know about the individual charge if that even happens, but Adam Schiff is a serious lowlife.

I, I'd love to be. I'd really love to go. I mean, I look forward to meeting them both. I know them both very well through what I read and through what I see. Uh, look, he's a communist. I don't think our country's ready for a communist, but we're gonna see. And I don't think that race is over yet either.

You do have a couple of people running against and I, it'll be an interesting thing. Things are coming out about him which aren't good. And, uh, you know, AOC, look. I think she's very nice, but she's very low IQ, and we really don't need low IQ. Between her and Crockett, we're gonna give them both an IQ test to see who comes out best.

Now, I took my test, I took a real test at Walter Reed Medical Center, and I aced it. I got every one of all those questions right. Now it's time for them to take a test. Anyway, have a good time.

I like Dan Bongino, yeah.

I think so.

They do. They get excited over you.

Well, I just saw it. And I think the thing with Adam Schiff is very serious, and I think what they have on Letitia James is very serious. That's a very, very serious situation. But I have to leave that up to the district attorneys, and to the prosecutors, and to the attorney general, most importantly.

Well, they look pretty open and shut to me but, you know, I'm not the jury. I'm not the jury. No, it looks very serious. And Adam Schiff looks very serious. Look, he's a sleazeball, everybody knows it. And, uh, I was a little surprised, I thought he would've covered his bases a little bit better than that.

Adam Schiff is a lowlife. He deserves what he gets.

Yeah, we're gonna do that and, uh, we're gonna have -- We have great support for it. It's a beautiful act. It's, uh, the Genius Act. It's a beautiful act. I even like the name of it because we need smart people in our country. Thank you, Brian.