No, I just want people to act. They have to act and we wanna act fast. You know, they were ruthless and vicious. I was impeached twice. I was indicted five times. It turned out to be a fake deal. And we have to act fast. One way or the other. One way or the other. They're guilty, they're not guilty. We have to act fast.

If they're not guilty, that's fine. If they are guilty or if they should be charged, they should be charged. And we have to do it now.

No, I haven't.

I'm gonna meet with a lot of the leaders at the UN. They're one of probably 20. Everybody wants to be put on. I'm one person, but we're gonna meet with quite a few of the leaders, yeah.

Well, I'm gonna meet with --

-- some of the majors.

No, not at all. I think Jimmy Kimmel's terrible. You know what suspended him? His talent. You know what else is w- -- really what? Take a look at this guy, his ratings. That's what got Jimmy Kimmel out. He was terrible. And didn't he lose --

I saw a report where ABC lost millions of dollars with him. So that's what suspended Jimmy Kimmel.

No, I haven't been briefed on it yet.

Well, I will. But they, uh, don't care about crime. They want to keep men in women's sports. They want all this stuff. They don't change. They haven't learned from the biggest beating they've ever taken, just about. Uh, I'd love to meet with them, but I don't think it's gonna have any impact.

Huh?

I'd love to meet with 'em that they won't

Well, I think when, uh, a network is dishonest, certainly if they are dishonest. Because they give you 97% bad publicity or whatever it is, some ridiculous number, yeah, I would say that would be grounds really.

Uh, we won't talk about that. But we're talking now to Afghanistan and we want it back and we want it back soon. Right away. And if they don't do it, if, if they don't do it, you're gonna find out what I'm gonna do.

We're moving along. We have great American patriots that are buying it. Very, very substantial people, people that love our country. And they're very smart technologically. And they will not let anything bad happen to TikTok.

Say again?

We're gonna see.

We're gonna announce that over the next week, who the seventh will be.

You get tired of winning, but not that tired.

Thank you very much.

Bye-bye.