Well, we'll see what happens. We're gonna have some meetings and we'll see what happens.  you.

Oh yeah, I think so. So -- and if you look at before the election, the same kind of thing happened. And I think you'll see some very interesting information come out. But we got rid, you have to have honest reports. And uh, when you look at those numbers or when you look at just before the election, and then after the election they corrected it by eight or 900,000, uh, jobs, yeah, I would say so.

We have a great relationship.

Yeah, we have a great relationship with South Korea. Great.

He can talk to me anytime he wants.

Yeah, he can talk to me anytime he wants.

Well, we'll see what happens, but I love the people of Brazil.

I love the people of Brazil.

Because the people running Brazil did the wrong thing.

Gee, I don't, I don't understand your question.

Say it?

Oh, yeah. Well we had to do that.

We just have to be careful. And a threat was made and we didn't think it was appropriate, so I have to be very careful. So I do that, uh, on the basis of safety for our people.

A threat was made by a former president of Russia and we're gonna protect our people.

I hope so. I hope so. I don't know whether or not that'll happen, but I hope so.

'cause I think her numbers were wrong. Just like I thought her numbers were wrong before the election. Days before the election, she came out with these beautiful numbers for Kamala, I guess Biden/Kamala. And she came out with these beautiful numbers trying to get somebody else elected. Then right after the election, I think on the 15th, November 15th, she had an eight or $900,000 massive reduction.

Said she made a mistake. Uh, no. Uh, that woman, that woman's not numbers are .

Say it?

Yeah, the, uh, one of the governors, as you know, of the Federal Reserve has just announced she is resigning. I understand it was over the fact that she disagreed with somebody from her party. She disagreed with Too Late. You know who Too Late is?

She disagreed with Too Late on the, uh, interest rate. So we'll see what happens. But, uh, we just found out that I have a, uh, open spot on the Federal Reserve Board. I'm very happy about that, John.

Well, you just have to read what he said. He was, uh, talking about nuclear. When you talk about nuclear, we have to be prepared, and we're totally prepared.

Well, that's the big thing. You're right. No, you're right. Why should anybody trust numbers? You go back to election, election day. Look what happened two or three days before with massive wonderful job numbers, trying to get him elected or her elected, trying to get whoever the hell was running. Because you go back and they came out with numbers that were very favorable to Kamala, okay?

To trying to get him elec- -- to trying to get her elected. And then on the 15th of November or there abouts, they had an eight or 900,000 --

-- overstatement, reduction. Right after the election. It didn't work, because you know who won, John? I won.

I've had issues with the numbers for a long time.

But today's, we're doing so well. I believe the numbers were phony just like they were before the election. And there were other times. So, you know what I did? I fired her.

And you know what? I did the right thing.

I've always had a problem with these numbers. You know, I was thinking about it this morning. Before the numbers that came out, I said, "Who is the person that does these numbers?" And then they gave me stats about before the election, I had a similar problem. I mean, she gave out numbers that were so good for the Democrats, it was like, unbelievable.

And then right after the election, she corrected those numbers with, I think almost 900,000 corrections. I think nobody had ever seen anything like it. Well, today she did the same thing with the 253,000, whatever the number was. Uh, no, no. We need people that we can trust. I mean, your question -- your question is a very good one.

We need people we can trust.

I've got about three very good -- I have a lot of good candidates. I will say everybody wants it. I've had more phone calls, but I have, uh, three people that are --

You know, I could do a long term thing or I could do a temporary. It's a 14-year term.

I put somebody in -- I put somebody in who's gonna be honest. That's all we want. Uh, I have a choice. I can have four months. I could do a short term or I can do a 14-year, uh, deal. So, we'll -- we'll see. We have a lot of people that -- We got a lot of good people around.

Well, the problem with Switzerland, we have a, we have a 40, we have a $40 billion deficit with Switzerland. And I spoke yesterday to Switzerland, but we have a $40 billion deficit with Switzerland. That's a big deficit.

Yeah.

Honestly, I never even thought of it, but it doesn't matter. I'm putting up my money, but it doesn't even matter. They've wanted a ballroom at the White House.

And it's been very popular. So, you know, when we put it out yesterday --

I'm not looking for that. Uh, you know, you have very strong restrictions as to who can donate and we go by the restrictions.

You give, not a lot of, I mean, it's not that much money. It's money but --

Yeah, I'll do that. I didn't, I didn't even start yet, by the way. But when I do, I'll release the names.

Maybe one Me. But --

Yeah, I would. Yeah, I would.

I did. I spoke to Steve Witkoff. He had a great meeting with a lot of people and the primary meeting was on food. And he had, he also had some other conversations that I'll tell you about later. But he had a, a meeting on getting the people fed. And that's what we want. And I'll see you later on.

Well, I understand India no longer is going to be buying oil from Russia. That's what I heard. I don't know if that's right or not, but that's a good step. We'll see what happens. Okay?

No. There are a lot of, uh, people that would like to see us do sort of a dividend to the people of our country. It's something I'd consider.

I'd also want, I wanna pay off debt. But there's a possibility I do it differently.

Not a lot. I mean, for the most part we're set a little bit, maybe. If somebody could convince us that, you know, they have a case like Switzerland was complaining, but we lose $40 billion a year with Switzerland. Uh, we had to do that. Thank you very much.