It's a lot of people.

So we visited the military course just to see if we could fix it up and make it nice. Uh, the budgetary situation, takes them years to get something approved, so we're gonna take a look at that. It's two courses, very nice, but they need a lot of work. A lot of work, and if we can fix them up, they're military.

They're for the military, if we could fix them up, we're gonna do that.

I don't wanna say that, but, uh, he's returned.

And he shouldn't have been returned. He should have never, he should have never had to be returned. I mean, you take a look at what's happened with him, you take a look at what they found in the grand jury and everywhere else. I thought Pam Bondi did a great job today.

I don't wanna say that.

And by the way, either way, it's a disaster. He's a whole disaster. Look at him with his, uh, with his antics. Not good. And for the Democrats who have backed him, uh, this was not the man from Maryland, this wonderful father from Maryland. This is a pretty, uh, a pretty bad guy.

Oh, I'll take a look at everything. I look at everything. He's got a lot of money. Uh, he gets a lot of subsidy, so we'll take a look at that. Only if it's fair. Only if it's fair for him and for the country, I would certainly think about it. Yeah. But it has to be fair.

I didn't know that they had any, but, you know, they had them -- I would, uh, just let them speak for themselves. I had no idea. Excuse me. I have no idea whether or not they had investigations.

Honestly, I've been so busy working on China, working on Russia, working on Iran, working on so many d- -- I'm, I'm not thinking about Elon.

You know, I just wish him well. It's, uh, you know --

Yeah.

Right.

Here on Monday.

Monday in London.

No, we're very far advanced on the China deal. We wanted clarification. We had to have clarification -- Little bumpy up here. We had to have, we had to have clarification. And that's what we're really having the meeting about. We had a very good talk. I talked to President Xi for, I guess, more than two hours.

Uh, we had a very good talk. It's a complicated deal, but it's a deal that's, uh, you know, gonna bring, bring us a lot of money and a lot of, uh, everything else. And we get along very well with President Xi and with China.

The U.S could survive without almost anybody.

Except me.  I'm just --

Uh, I don't want to comment on his drug use. I, I don't know. I don't know what his status is. I read an article in the New York Times. I thought it was, frankly, it sounded very unfair to me.

I don't wanna talk about problems. I think that, uh, my, uh, I think the United States had problems that, if you look at the numbers today, the numbers were unbelievable. The numbers were incredible. The numbers that came up today, the stock market went way up. Uh, the country's doing really well. Almost, I think in a very short period of time, you're gonna be saying doing better than it's ever done before.

We have hundreds of plants coming in. Plants, uh -- A lot of jobs are being created. That's what, that's what happened this morning. You saw the jobs. And the nice part, they're not government jobs. They're jobs of people coming in and doing other things, including the leisure, hotel and leisure, so good stuff.

A lot of good things are happening with our country. Uh, we're taking in billions of dollars of tariff money. The money is pouring in. And, uh, it hasn't even started yet really, rele- -- It's, uh, we're gonna have a very successful country very soon. And the stock market is seeing that. Uh, we have, and I've been saying it, we have the hottest country anywhere in the world, the hottest country.

And if you think about it, six months ago we had the coldest country. We had a country that was a disaster. And we've done it very quickly. Okay, go ahead.

I don't have too many critics because, you know, honestly --

-- I, I, I don't know of anybody that's gonna vote against it. Maybe Rand Paul or somebody. But, uh, you know, they always vote against --

But I, I actually think that over the last 24 hours, it's even solidified. We have tremendous support.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, we've got tremendous, uh, reviews and CBO, who never gives good -- Uh, basically it's a Democrat group. And, uh, we're getting tremendous reviews on the bill. Uh, we cut 1.6 trillion, trillion, not billion, trillion out of the budget. And yet, uh, we haven't affected anybody. We're gonna save and, and totally, uh, cherish Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid.

Uh, the Democrats are gonna destroy it. They'll destroy it. We're gonna save it and make it stronger than it ever before. So, Medicare, Medicaid, they just make statements, "Oh, he is gonna talk." We're not, we're not touching it other than waste, fraud, and abuse.

Well, they gave, they gave, uh, Putin a reason to go in and bomb the hell out of 'em last night. That's the thing I didn't like about it. When I saw it, I said, "Here we go. Now it's gonna be a strike." You know, I did something that people don't talk about and I don't talk about very much, but we solved a big problem, a nuclear problem, potentially, with India and with Pakistan.

And I spoke to Pakistan, and I spoke to India. They have really great leaders. And, but they were going at it, and they could've gone at it, nuclear, both nuclear countries, strong nuclear countries. And I talked about trade, and I said, "We're not doing trade if you guys are gonna be throwing bombs at each other." And they both stopped.

And I stopped that war immediately. That was going, as you know, that was going much further. And hopefully not to nuclear, but it might've gone to nuclear. In fact, it might've gone to nuclear in the next round, but we stopped it. And I event- I'd like to comment the leaders of both country, Pakistan and India,

I don't. I hope not. I hope not. I think it's a war that would've never happened. If I were president, that wouldn't have happened. I certainly hope not.

Yeah.

Well, I did speak about that. We're really talking about waste, fraud, and abuse. And, uh, Senator Hawley's a great senator. He's good guy. And I did speak to him, and we wanna make sure that doesn't hurt anybody, you know, because it is, uh, it is about waste, fraud, and abuse. That's the only thing. And everybody wants to --

Well, I know the bill.

I started the bill. We're gonna see. I mean, if we're -- if I think there's -- Uh, if I think Russia will not be making a deal or stopping the bloodshed, uh, five and six, even I've been saying five and six, and now it's more, uh, thousand a week, soldiers being killed, and people being killed, not just soldiers, people being killed, but largely soldiers being killed.

Uh, yeah, I'd use it if it's necessary.

And they really give me that option.

No. No, I haven't.

I haven't spoken to them about it. Uh, they have a bill, that's gonna be up to me. Uh, it's my option. They've made it that way. And it would save a lotta time if that --

-- happens. So I'm okay with it.

I haven't decided to use it.

It's a very, it's a very strong bill.

Yeah?

No, I don't take things back, no. I --

I gave him a key. He tried very hard. The Tesla --

-- I ha- I haven't thought about it.

Oh, I think it helped us a lot. I think it helped our thinking, and it's not finished at all. We, we are taking, we've basically taken it over, and we're doing a job. Many of those people remain with us, and they're going to remain with us. They're very good. Uh, it's, uh, it's terrific. We saved, you know, hundreds of billions of dollars.

It's terrific. And it's going further. I mean, I, I'd give you the answer actually at the end of two years, because a lot of it is out into the future.

But it was a big saving and a good mindset.

I haven't thought about, you know.

I mean, I hope he does well with Tesla.

Yeah, no. I don't have any plans. Uh, somebody made a mistake. I -- A lot of reporters have been calling me. I, I didn't call any reporter. A lot of reporters, they asked me the same question.

No, I don't. I'm not even thinking about that.

No, no, there are outbreaks. I mean, I've been asked about it, but, uh, I'm not really interested in that. I'm really interested in the country, in solving problems, including war problems in, uh, very far away lands. A lot of people being killed. You know, when I left, we had no problem. We didn't have wars.

We defeated ISIS a 100%. Iran was broke. There was no Hamas problem. There was no Hezbollah problem. Israel wouldn't have happened in other words. Uh, Russia-Ukraine wouldn't have happened. We had no inflation. And by the way, we have no inflation now. And if we had a good Fed Chairman, you would lower rates.

And you know what? If inflation happened in a year from now or two years, let him raise rates. But we're going out for long-term debt or short-term debt. We have a lot of debt coming due because Biden had all short-term debt mostly. And, uh, we would get a lower rate and a lower interest rate if this guy would lower rates, we get a lower interest rate.

It's unbelievable. And he's worried about inflation. If he worries about inflation any longer, all he has to do is get the lower rate. Let us go out, borrow at a much lower rate, much lower. You could go down a point or two, we'll go out, borrow but -- And if in two years inflation comes back, he raises rates, but he keeps him the same.

It's just, it's insane.

What did you say? Say it.

Yeah.

Oh, yes. Sure. It's coming out very soon.

Uh, I could tell you, but, uh, I don't think I will.

I have a pretty good idea who it is.

He's very highly thought of.

No, they won't be enriching. If, uh, they enrich, then we're going to have to do it the other way. And I don't really want to do it the other way, but we're gonna have no choice.

There's not going to be enrichment.

Yeah.

Well, DOJ made a decision. I think their decisions have been very, very good. Uh, and maybe they just said, "Look, all of these people, these judges, they want to, uh, try and run the country. The judges are trying to -- " A local judge trying to run the country. Uh, the, uh, man has a horrible past and I could see a decision being made, bring him back, show everybody how horrible this guy is. And frankly, we have to do something because the judges are trying to take the place of a president that, uh, won in a landslide.

And that's not supposed to be the way it is. And, uh, so I could see bringing him back. I could see it either way, bringing him back or not bringing him back. But by bringing him back, you show how bad he is. He's a bad guy.

We're landing right now, I'm sorry.

Say it, what?

Yes he did. Thank you very much everybody.