So, we're at the Kennedy Center, needs a lot of work. We're going to fix it and make it beautiful. It's a very big part of the fabric of DC and the Capitol. We're bringing back the Capitol. We're bringing back our country. But while we're here, I thought it would be appropriate. We are, tomorrow, announcing and giving all of the Kennedy files.

So, people have been waiting for decades for this, and I've instructed my people that are responsible, lots of different people put together by Tulsi Gabbard. And that's going to be released tomorrow. We have a tremendous amount of paper. You've got a lot of reading. I don't believe we're going to redact anything.

I said, "Just don't redact, you can't redact." But we're going to be releasing the JFK files. And that would be tomorrow. Do you have anything else to add to that, Carolyn?

So, that's a big announcement. They've been waiting for that for decades. Then, I said during the campaign I'd do it, and I'm a man of my word. So, tomorrow, you have the JFK files. What time will they be released?

Tomorrow afternoon. OK.

I've heard about them.

It's going to be very interesting.

No, we -- I'm not doing summaries. You'll write your own summaries. It's many pages. Is it 80,000 pages? Approximately 80,000 pages. So, it's a lot of stuff.

And you'll make your own determination.

Yeah, only for very unimportant papers. And I don't call them unimportant, if you do letters where people write in and, you know, they'd love to have a response, and we'll write responses. And I'll sign them and whenever I can. But when I can't, I, you know, would use an autopen. But to use them for -- for what they've used them for is terrible.

Who are you -- who are you with?

That's the same -- the same one. I don't want -- I don't want to talk to NBC anymore. I think you're so discredited.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

We're going to have honors. We're going to have -- I think it's going to be a much bigger show than it has been in the past. It got tired, very tired, very tired, very boring, very radical left. Unless you are a radical left, it just seemed that nobody was chosen. There were a lot of people out there that can get the honors, and we're going to do it. I think we'll have a very big show.

It's going to be a very big show. We have some surprises on that show, some big surprises. But I think it has a chance to be a very big show. That's a big part of the Kennedy Center, the honors, that evening. And so, I think you're going to be really surprised. I think it's going to get great ratings, actually.

Well, I don't want to really even discuss it. I got to get the deal. I've got to get the deal signed. Two thousand people a week sometimes are killed, and we have to get that agreement signed. But that's the only thing I think about.

We're going to have a very important call. You know, we've had calls, but we're getting down to a very critical stage, and we want to get the whole Russia-Ukraine thing done. And I think Ukraine wants it, I know they want it. Everybody wants it. It's tremendous death. The bloodshed is unbelievable like few people have ever seen before.

Well, we'll see, but we're not going to put up with it. This country is not going to allow people to come in and dump drugs and kill our youth and -- and other than our youth, too. Older people are very much affected. So it's -- we're not going to let that happen. Thank you very much.

They would.