I'm so busy. We're landing just about now. Uh, this has been an amazing trip. Uh, we've raised trillions of dollars of investment for our country. And, uh, we're dealing with really good people that have been abandoned in a way by our country and by the United States. And, and we're not gonna abandon. We have very good friends in Saudi Arabia and in Qatar.

So, uh, now we're going to UAE. We're gonna be landing shortly. And, uh, we have another really good situation there, but they felt abandoned. They were gonna be captured by China from the standpoint of trade, and that's not gonna happen anymore. We have a very good relationship, as you probably all saw.

Jennifer, I'm sure that you saw that last night. I shook more hands than any human being is capable of doing. That was a long deal, and they were big people. But they were starving for love 'cause our country didn't give them love, they gave them a fist bump. Remember the fist pump in Saudi Arabia? He travels all the way to Saudi Arabia in that case, and he gives him a fist bump.

That's not what they want. They don't want a fist bump. They wanna shake his hand. So, uh, we had a great, I mean, great. You saw the Boeing order was 160 jets. It's the biggest order in the history, I think of, in aviation, of certainly of that size. They were all 787s and 777s. Those are the big ones. Um, we really had a good time.

Let me just see, where are we? We're about ready to land.

So, we, uh, very special, very special.

I don't know anything about it.

I'm not disappointed in anything. Where are you -- Who are you from?

Uh, I'm not disappo- -- Why would I be dis- -- We just took in $4 trillion, and he says, "Are you disappointed about a delegation?" I know nothing about a delegation. I haven't even checked. Look, nothing's gonna happen until Putin and I get together, okay? And obviously, he wasn't gonna go. He was gonna go, but he thought I was gonna go. He wasn't going if I wasn't there.

And I don't believe anything's gonna happen, whether you I like it or not, or until he and I get together. But we're gonna have to get it solved, because too many people are dying. Thank you. You're gonna land right now. Thank you.