Thank you very much. We've been in touch with Governor Abbott and very close to Governor Abbott, and, uh, everybody in Texas. Kristi Noem has, as you know, been there and, uh, will continue to be there. And we're working very close with representatives from Texas, and it's a horrible thing that took place.

Absolutely horrible. So, we say God bless all of the people that have gone through so much, and God bless -- God bless the state of Texas. It's an incredible place. Uh, any questions for us?

Well, FEMA is, uh, something we can talk about later, but right now they're busy working, so we'll leave it at that. Go ahead.

Well, we're gonna be sending letters out on Monday having to do with the trade deals. Uh, it could be 12, maybe 15. You know Secretary of Commerce right here. And, uh, I guess Howard, I would say it could be maybe as many as 15 or so. And they'll be going out on Monday, and some will go out on Tuesday and Wednesday.

And it'll, uh -- And we've -- we've made deals also, so we're gonna have a combination of letters. And some deals have been made.

I think it's ridiculous to start a third party. We have a -- a tremendous success with the Republican party. Uh, the Democrats have lost their way, but it's always been a two-party system, and I think starting a third party just adds to confusion. It really seems to have been developed for two parties. Third parties have never worked, so he can have fun with it, but, uh, I think it's ridiculous.

Go ahead.

Well, we're working on a lot of things with Israel, and one of the things is, uh, probably a permanent deal with Iran. Otherwise they have to give up all of the things that you know so well. Uh, the attack turned out according to every -- every single Atomic Energy Commission, that was a complete and total obliteration.

Uh, and we had the pilots, as you know, at the White House on Friday. They were incredible. And they confirmed that -- They know better than anybody, by the way, but they confirmed that every bomb hit its mark perfectly, and, uh, they would have to start all over again at a different location. This one is, uh, as see -- You know, the word I used was the correct word, obliteration.

I think we're close to deal on Gaza. We could have it this week.

I can't hear you.

I think there's a good chance we have a deal with Hamas during the week, during the coming week pertaining to quite a few of the hostage. Yeah. You know, we've gotten a lot of the hostages out, but pertaining to the remaining hostages, quite a few of them will be coming out. We think we'll have that done this week.

What are you talking about?

Uh, they're gonna be -- Tariffs are tariffs are gonna be the tariffs. I think we'll have most countries done by, uh, July 9th. Yeah. Either a letter or a deal.

No, no.

Th- -- They did. I'll tell you, uh, if you look at that, uh -- that water situation, that all is in -- That was really the Biden setup. That was not our setup, but I wouldn't blame Biden for it either. I would, uh, just say this is a 100-year catastrophe, and I -- it's just so horrible to watch.

Yeah, probably on Friday. We wanted to leave a little time. I would've done it today, but we'd just be in their way. Uh, probably Friday.

Uh, we'll give you a report sometime tonight or tomorrow.

Well, we see what happens. I've been, uh, looking at the deal and, you know, I don't blame them, they have to. It's a very important piece of property. It's a great piece of property, so we'll see. But if I can help them out, I will. You know, ultimately we control that. The federal government ultimately controls it, so we'll see what happens.

Uh, I saw the plans, I saw the stadium, uh, the owner's, uh, very, very, uh, successful, and a very good man. I know him a little bit, and uh, it'll be a great place for the NFL to be there, I can tell you that. So if they wanna negotiate a little tough, that's okay with me.

Well, you want me to make a controversial statement? I would. I wouldn't have changed the name. But that's there, it just doesn't have the same -- It doesn't have the same ring to me, but you know, winning can make everything sound good. So if they win, all of a sudden the Commander sounds good, but I wouldn't have changed the name.

Say it?

I am helping Ukraine. I'm helping it a lot. And, uh, it's a war that should have never happened. It's a war that should have never started. If I were president, if the election weren't rigged, and it was rigged, rigged it so badly, and that's come out, read Miranda Divine and the New York Post, today, the election was totally rigged.

And if it weren't rigged, you wouldn't have a war with Russia right now, and you wouldn't have had inflation, and you wouldn't have had the, uh, horrible Afghanistan the way they left. Not that they left, we would've been out before them, but the way they left the war -- . I think the most embarrassing day in the history of our country you wouldn't have had the October horror show with Israel and Hamas.

You wouldn't have had any of it. You wouldn't have had the recent showdown with Iran. You wouldn't have had any of it, and you wouldn't have had inflation.

I thought it was a good call. Uh, he's being hit very hard, as I said he would, he's being hit very hard, and I was very disappointed with my call with President Putin. I was very disappointed.

I, I wouldn't know that. I really wouldn't. I would think not. This was the thing that happened in seconds. Nobody expected it. Nobody saw it. Uh, very talented people are there, and they didn't see it. It's, I guess, they said once in a hundred years they've never seen anything like that, so I wouldn't -- Uh, I mean, people are trying to blame the school.

They're trying to blame the camp. They're trying to blame -- It, it's just a horrible thing, but, no, I wouldn't say that. No.

Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Hello everybody.

It was an amazing little party at the White House for lots of people but -- just a great 4th of July, and we have some busy things to do tomorrow. We have a pretty busy period of time. The economy is doing great, the country is doing amazing. It's on the right track. In fact right track, wrong track came out, I guess, the first time in 28 years that they said we're on the right track.

So we had a great time in Iowa. Very successful. A lot of people, I think they enjoyed it, but it's been a great state for me. We won it all three times and, uh, very special. Tomorrow's gonna be great. We're gonna have the B-2s flying and we have Christie, the whole group. Including --

I don't know why it was so long. But, uh, we're doing very well. Anybody have any questions?

A lot of great congressmen. We have everybody. And we have Doug Burgum. If you have any questions, Brooke Rollins, agriculture. Do you have any questions? Let us know. But we all had a great time in Iowa.

Oh, that's terrible, the floods? It's uh, shocking. They don't know the answer yet as to how many people, but it looks like some young people have died.

Uh, we'll see what happens. We're gonna know over the next 24 hours.

Oh, yes, sir. We'll take care of 'em. We're working -- We're working with the governor. We're working with the governor. It's a terrible thing.

I love this guy.

They said they gave me a positive response?

Oh, I love him.

Well, that's good. I mean, I've heard that but they haven't briefed me on it yet. I -- I think they're gonna be positive about it. We're gonna get -- We have to get it over with. Hamas is ha- -- we have to get it over with. We have to do something about Gaza. We've been doing it. You know, we're sending a lot of aid.

He's like my favorite person. Uh, well, we just wanna see if we can keep going up. We have had, we had great numbers. I appreciate you saying it. We have had --

A lot of money and a lot of aid. Otherwise, you have people in big, big trouble. But, uh -- Yeah. I think it's been very positive. A good response. Yes, please?

But we just want to keep 'em going up, right?

I did. I signed some letters and they'll go out on Monday, probably 12:00. 12:00 different -- Well, it's different. Uh, different amounts of money, different amounts of tariffs. And somewhat different

That's all we can do.

Uh, you'll be announced -- I have to announce it on Monday. I can't do it now.

Thank you.

Well, we're gonna have a meeting on Iran, obviously. You know, the success -- That was a great success. Uh, blow it to pieces, the whole nuclear -- They, I would say it set back, uh, permanently. If they were gonna do it again, they might as well start in a different location because that location is totally demolished.

They could start but I would think they'd have to start at a different location. But if they did start, there'd be a problem. We wouldn't allow that to happen.

Yeah, I'll let, I'll let my agricultural genius talk about it.

Well, you're saying they haven't agreed. Let's see what it is. They wanna meet with me so if they haven't agreed then we're not gonna have a very successful meeting, right?

There could be a Gaza deal next week, yeah.

Good answer, right?

I'm very optimistic but you know -- Look, it changes from day-to-day. It's been changing for years. It changes. I came in, I had inherited a very bad situation in many ways that, whether it's at 25 million people coming in from prisons, jails, from, from, uh -- mental institutions, from gangs. You know, it's, uh -- Or that, or Gaza.

You could say Gaza, you could say I inherited Iran and we did something about it. And we've gotten a lot of hostages out, as you know, from Gaza. A lot. But unfortunately, you know, we came into that. We inherited that situation.

Yeah.

Yeah, we had a good call. We talked about different things and we had a very good call. I think a very, very, uh -- strategic call.

Well, the FBI was in the other day with a lot of people, including the Attorney General who's doing a great job, Pam Bondi. Uh, and uh, I'm very satisfied. They gave me a complete presentation. I was very satisfied.

Well, we've been helping 'em and will continue to help 'em. It's a pretty tough situation. We'll see what happens. I told you I was very unhappy with my call with President Putin and it just seems like he, uh, he wants to go all the way and just keep killing people. No good. It's not good. I was unhappy with him.

Yeah, we are. It's one of the things we talked about, the Abraham Accords. Now that Iran has been taken out in terms of a nuclear threat, and they have been completely taken out, at least for a very long time, uh, I think a lot of people are gonna be joining the Abraham Accords. We have four great countries already, but we're gonna have a lot of people, I think, joining the Abraham Accord.

Yeah, we're, uh -- We pretty much have a deal. Now we're gonna go and ask -- I think we're gonna start Monday or Tuesday, asking, talking to China, perhaps President Xi or one of his representatives, but we pretty much have a deal on --

Yeah.

-- TikTok.

Yeah, I think it's very popular. Uh, it does many things, but one of 'em is the biggest tax cuts in our country's history, and that alone makes it very popular. The only poll that was done was a, uh, Democrat poll, and the last two of the little bit controversial things, but good things for the country. Uh, the tax cuts alone, so it's the largest tax cut in the history of our country, and that alone makes it very, very popular.

But we think we'd probably have to get it approved by China. Not definitely, but probably.

Right.

I'm not confident but I think so. Uh, President Xi and I have a great relationship and I think it's good for them. I think the deal is good for China, and it's good for us, and for us, it's money. You know, we make a lotta money if the deal goes through.

Well, I think it's gonna be a great celebration. It's gonna be as big a celebration as we've ever had. And remember, we have the World Cup and we have the Olympics also. So we have that plus we have 250. Uh, I think it's gonna be a, a wild time. It's gonna be a great time for this country. It's gonna be the golden age.

Thank you.

Well, I was asked to go there, yeah. I -- uh, he, uh, asked me if I'd go, and he would likewise come here. We get along very well. We always have gotten along well.

I'm speaking to President Zelenskyy tomorrow, early in the morning. And yeah, I'm very disappointed with the conversation I had today with President Putin because I don't think he's there. I don't think he's there.

You're gonna have to say that again because you're being blurred out.

And I, I'm very disappointed. Well, it, it's not, I'm just saying, I don't think he's looking to stop, and that's too bad. This is Biden. This isn't me. This is Biden's war. It wouldn't have happened. If I were president, uh, it wouldn't have happened. So, you know, I, I, in one way, I hate to get too involved, because it's Biden's war.

Oh, I think, I think it's pretty ridiculous, yeah. I would say maybe very ridiculous.

President, uh, it wouldn't have happened. So, you know, I, I, in one way, I hate to get too involved because it's Biden's war. And, uh, I got stuck in the middle of it, just like I did with immigration and a lot of other things that they screwed up. But I was not happy with the conversation. No.

Go ahead, please.

Oh, no. I think, I think we're gonna probably settle with Harvard. We're gonna probably settle with Columbia. They, they wanna settle very badly.

No, I don't think he's -- I think he's worried about sanctions. I do think he's very worried about sanctions, and you know, we're determining that -- The Senate, as you know, has put in big sanctions, very big sanctions.

There's no rush. A lot of money.

Well, they need 'em for defense. But I wanna -- I don't wanna see people get killed, and he's go- -- they're gonna need 'em for defense. They're amazingly effective. You know, we knocked out 14 out of 14. That's pretty amazing. If you think of it, it's almost incredible, but we knocked out 14 out of 14, so they're gonna need something because they're being hit pretty hard.

No, I've never heard it that way. To me, a shylock is somebody that's a, uh, a moneylender at high rates. I've never heard it that way. You view it differently than me. I've never heard that. Go ahead. Anything else?

Yeah, we might. We're looking at it.

Well, Larry Ellison is a friend of mine. He's a great guy. I think he's the buyer. But, uh, we did a deal for about $16 million plus 16 million, or maybe more than that in advertising. So it's a combination of 16 plus, 16 plus. So it's like 32 to maybe $35 million. I think that what they did, what they, and this has nothing to do with Larry Ellison.

I think he's gonna run CBS really well, and I think he's making a good deal to buy it. I think he's great. He's got a son who's a fantastic young man too. Uh, but, uh, what they did was incredible. They took an answer from Kamala just before, the day before the election, and it was a horrible answer. And they took the answer out in its entirety, and they put another answer in. A different answer that was a different part of the interview because the answer she gave was so bad, it was like election-threatening.

Well, I'll probably start them on August 1st, although that's pretty early, right? I mean --

And I have never, I've seen it all, but I've never seen that. Nobody has. And we understand that was done in other locations also with respect to answers. But think of it, one of the most important question, maybe the most important question, she gave a horrible answer to it. So they took an answer from another part of the interview and they inserted it. Nobody's ever seen that before.

So I think they made a wise decision to settle.

You know --

No, it has nothing to do with that. It has to, this is totally separate. This was when I was running. This had nothing to do with what was taking place in government. This is when I was running. Uh, this was the, essentially the night before the election, and they did this and we thought it was despicable, actually.

-- because we're talking about -- Yeah, so when do you think they should come into effect?

No. We're gonna start sending letters out to various countries starting tomorrow. We'll probably have 10 or 12 go out tomorrow. And over the next few days, uh, I think by the 9th, they'll be fully covered. And they'll range in value from maybe 60 or 70% tariffs to, uh, 10 and 20% tariffs. Uh, but they're gonna be starting to go out sometime tomorrow.

Sooner? I don't know how they could be sooner. We, we waited about a 90-day period. We probably had 90 days or so, and, uh, and, and really much longer than that because we've been looking into this for years. We've been looking at it -- I've been looking at it for a long time. I can tell you every single country, and I can tell you every single deficit that we have and they have.

We've done the final form, and it's basically going to explain what the countries are gonna be paying in tariffs. And it's, uh, very important. It's a lot of money for the country, but we're giving them a bargain.

I've been looking at it for many years, frankly, and I think it's ridiculous that countries were able to get away with so much.

'Cause if I went by the true deficits or, uh, by other, uh, ways of measuring, it could be a lot more. We, I, we don't wanna- --

I had a great call with the German chancellor. He's a strong guy, very good man, had a great victory.

I don't wanna stretch it too much. We want to keep it pretty reasonable.

No. We did talk about it, though, and, uh, he feels, you know, they have to be protected. He's a strong guy and smart, very smart man.

That's an interesting question. We have with India, and with Pakistan, and in Africa, as you know, with the Congo and Rwanda, uh, Serbia, and us- -- you know, uh, Kosovo, and so many others. We've, we've found, uh -- we've helped Egypt with, as you know, their nextdoor neighbor where the water is being taken from the Nile.

And I think it's, actually, I think it's very reasonable.

We've helped a lotta countries. The, uh, Ukraine situation, that's a Biden deal. That's not a Trump deal. I just -- I'm trying to get it finished off, settled, and we'll see. I, I don't know. It's be -- I can't tell you whether or not that's gonna happen.

Yeah, I'd like to see it happen. I don't wanna see 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 soldiers killed every week, and you have other people, but for the most part, so far, it's been mostly soldiers, and they're Ukrainian soldiers, and they're also Russian soldiers, but it's 5,000 souls, and they're being killed every single week, except it's really higher than that now.

Uh, we're gonna be sending to, well, you're gonna see tomorrow. I'd rather give it tomorrow, but we have probably 12, 10 to 12 tomorrow. And then after that, we'll be sending 10 or 12 a day. And as we get along, as we get to the smaller countries, uh, we're pretty much gonna keep the tariffs the same.

Yeah, I do. I think, uh, I'll probably send out 10 or 12 letters.

Not really. I mean, they'll, they'll start to pay on August 1st. The money will start to come into the United States on August 1st. Okay? In pretty much all cases. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Uh, uh, I think the letters are better for us. I've said that all along because you have hundreds of countries. You know, you have over 200 countries, and you can't sit down with 200 countries. I think the letters are better. I think a simple tariff is simpler than and better than sitting down and working 15 different things.

You know, with the UK, we did that, and it was great for both parties. Uh, with China, we did that, and I think it's very good for both parties. We have India coming up, and with Vietnam, we did it, but, uh, it's much easier to send a letter saying, "Listen, we know we have a certain deficit, or in some cases a surplus, but not too many, and this is what you're gonna have to pay if you wanna do business in the United States." And it's a tremendous amount of money that would be coming to us.

Thank you very much.

It's really, by the way, it's a tremendous amount of money. You see the kind of money already, you know, we're taking in, uh, tariffs now on cars, usually about 25%. Every car that comes into the country's paying about, the country's paying about 25%, uh, lumber, steel, aluminum. But for the most part, uh, just I'd say just a percentage of maybe 15, 20% of the ultimate tariff, which would be over the next few months.

And, uh, you know, we've taken in over a hundred million dollars already.

Pretty shocking, so much. And the other thing that's happening is many countries are moving into the country in order not to pay tariffs. So they're moving their factory here in order not to pay tariffs.

Yeah. We had a great meeting, uh, great person. Uh, he was representing and he had some statements from the King and from the Crown Prince. Uh, great people. Uh, they congratulated us on the incredible attack on Iran. It was an attack on something that you can't have, the nuclear facility. It's been proven now that it's been totally obliterated.

If they wanted to start, they couldn't start there. They'd have to start someplace else. But, uh, it was a congratulatory call in many ways. Uh, we talked about trade, we talked about, uh, missile defense. We talked about airplanes. They wanna buy a lot of airplanes.

Um, no, I think I'm tougher on Russia than I am on Iran, actually. If you remember, uh, Nord Stream 2, you never heard that term until Trump came along. Right? And, uh, you know, I closed it and that was the biggest economic development deal they've ever done. Then Biden opened it, but then it got closed.

But, uh, Biden opened it. No, I think I'm tougher on Russia than I was on almost any other country.

Yeah, I think he's great. Patrick Reed, he's great.

Uh, we talk about sanctions a lot. Yeah.

I would say he is not thrilled with it. But, you know, he's been able to handle sanctions, but these are pretty biting sanctions. Now, we talk about sanctions a lot and he, he understands that it may be coming in, you know, he's a, he's a professional.

Yeah, maybe coming. Sure.

With who, with what?

Uh, yeah, you know, it changes a lot. We get these emergencies. I'm putting out fires all over the place, talking about my next international trip. We're putting out fires all over the place. And, uh, so it's, you know, changing. But, uh, we're planning to go to Europe. Uh, we've been invited to Turkey. I've been invited, frankly, to every country.

And we had a tremendous success in NATO. As you know, they've agreed to put up more than a trillion dollars. They took it from 2%, but they weren't paying 2%. They were paying less to 5% where they're paying. And that's a big deterrent. That's a, that was a great thing they did. We have a great relay -- I have a great relationship with almost all of the nations.

Yeah, well, we're looking at that right now and we're gonna come out with a statement done it sometime next week. But we wanna have, you know, certain industries need help because we don't have enough people and we're gonna be coming out with a statement fairly soon. What we are doing is getting all the criminals out of our country.

Thank you very much, everybody. I hope you had a good time and it's been a great, I think it's been a great 4th of July.

It's been a great, happy 4th of July everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.