Hi everybody. I hope you had a good time in beautiful Scotland. We did a lot of work with the European Union and yesterday I spent pretty much the whole day with the Prime Minister of UK, and we had a lot of good discussions. Although I see something came up today, which is interesting. So, go ahead. Hello?

We never discussed it, surprisingly. It was never really discussed -- maybe a little bit in the news conference, but he was sort of discussing it with you. We never did discuss it, and we have no view on that. We're going to get a lot of money to the area so they get some food. He's going to also. I think the European Union is going to put up money too for food and hopefully it's going to be properly distributed, and it will be -- I think it will be. We have some pretty good response on people for the distribution of the food.

We want to take it one thing at a time. They need food and they need people to be able to get them the food.

Could make the case that you're rewarding people that -- you're rewarding Hamas if you do that. And I don't think they should be rewarded. So, I'm not in that camp. To be honest. We'll let you know where we are in -- but I am not in that camp --

Because, if you do that, you really are rewarding Hamas. And I'm not about to do that.

Very soon.

Yeah, very soon. So, we sent $60 million. That's a lot of money for food, a lot of money. That can take care of people for a long time, and we want to make sure it's going to be -- it's being spent properly.

And part of the spending is the distribution. You know, the -- if you know, a lot of money has been sent by other countries, but nothing compared to us. But a lot of things are stolen. They send money, they send food, and Hamas steals it. So, it's a -- it's a tricky little game. But we're going to make sure -- we have some very good people.

They're going to be watching it.

Well, we're gonna be dealing with Israel. And we think they can do a good job of it, and they want to do it.

No, they want to do it, the food centers, yeah. They want to -- they want to preside over the food centers to make sure the distribution is proper.

What?

I haven't heard that. No, I haven't heard that. Did you get to see my drive at the first hole?

Pretty long. It was pretty long. That's -- that's no Joe Biden, let me tell you. That's -- that's not Biden, right? That was a good -- that was a good drive.

Two days ago.

Two days ago.

Well, you know, we sent money. And I want to make sure the money is spent wisely and it's spent judiciously and that food is distributed in a proper manner, and he wants to do that.

Well, it's a concept that some people fell in love with and some people don't. We really have to see how it all works out before we do that. But, you know, you could do something spectacular, but that's a different concept. You could also probably do it if you left some-- some are leaving automatically. You know that.

Some would like to leave. I think many would like to leave if they were given an alternative. They really have no alternative now. But certainly, that was a concept that was really embraced by a lot of people, but also some people didn't like it.

I think Israel wants to do it, actually. I think Israel wants to do that. They're going to want to -- and I can tell you that they want to do it. They don't want Hamas stealing the money or stealing the food. And that's what they've been doing.

I think Israel wants to do it. And they'll be good at doing it. If they do it and if they really want to do it, and I think they do, they'll do a good job. The food will be properly --

I thought he did well in the press conference. And I thought -- you know, I think they made a good deal. I think we all made a good deal. Why? Are you hearing otherwise, I guess?

I don't know. I like him. I think he's good. I think he's a great representative for UK. I haven't heard that.

We really didn't discuss it much. But I have a lot of respect for him.

I didn't have a lot of respect for the woman that preceded him. I thought she was terrible as a first minister of Scotland. But I think John is doing a very good job as first minister.

I just -- I just had a phone call from Scott Bessent and had a very good meeting with China. And it seems that -- I mean, they're going to brief me tomorrow. We'll either approve it or not. But he felt very good about the meeting, better --

Better than he felt yesterday. Yesterday I said, ooh, here we go again. Here we go again. But today it worked out very well.

They -- I think the result is probably great.

That -- that they are going to pay 25 percent.

Yeah, I think so. And look, India's been -- they're my friends and he's my friend. And, you know, they ended of the war with Pakistan at my request, and it was great. And Pakistan did also. You know, we did a lot of -- a lot of great settlements, including the recent one, as you know, with Cambodia, bah, bah, bah.

So, that was a -- that was a great one. I think that's been pretty well finalized now, right?

Did I do a good job on that one? I did a good job in about five different wars. Do you think I'll get credit for it? No. Will I get credit for it? She'll say yes.

No, it's not.

We're going to see. We're going to see. But India's been a good friend. But India has charged basically more tariffs than almost any other country, you know that, right, over the years. But now I'm in charge, and you just can't do that. I think the trade deals are working out very well, hopefully for everybody.

But for the United States, they're very, very good.

I don't know. We're going to see. The lawyer -- it's in the lawyers hands. I've been treated very unfairly by the Wall Street Journal on everything. I mean, I don't know. They even hired people from the Washington Post, third rate reporters, gossip type reporters. It's all gossip. And, you know, I've been treated badly by the Wall Street Journal.

I would have assumed that Rupert Murdoch controls it. But, you know, maybe he does. Maybe he doesn't. They are talking to us about doing something. But we'll see what happens. Maybe they would like us to drop that, and so we'll see.

Yeah, they're having -- they want to settle it.

He's treated us wrong. I mean, you know, when -- when I get treated unfairly, I do things about it. So, we'll -- we'll see what happens.

No, that's -- that's his opinion. You know, he can have an opinion. Doesn't mean I have to agree. Emmanuel is a good man. He works hard. Got a lot to say about everything.

No, I guess -- I guess Starmer's doing the same as Macron, right? He's basically -- is he saying the same thing? I think so. Essentially, they're saying the same thing, and that's okay. But, you know, it doesn't mean I have to agree.

Well, maybe they're the same thing. You know, it's sort of a little bit of the same thing. But, no, he took people that worked for me. And I told him don't do it anymore, and he did it. And I -- I said stay the hell out of here.

Who are you with?

NBC? NBC, fake news. I don't care. NBC's one of the worst. What else do you have?

I think by -- they say by February maybe, much sooner than the others. The others are being built. Long time build. That's a long time build. Now, they're not normal 747's. They, you know, have a lot of things on them that another plane wouldn't have. But we'll get this one a year and a half, two years earlier.

I don't know. It's up to the military. I don't know. I really don't know. I haven't been involved. They -- it's their plane. It's, you know, the Air Force. They'll be spending an amount of money. You know, it is a different plane because it becomes for military use. So -- but I don't know what the number is.

Well, you know, it's a -- it's a great plane. It's one of the best planes in the world. The Air Force is going to have it. We're going to have a great 747. We need it. If you look at this plane, it's -- what is it, 32, 34, 35? I don't know. It's -- it's a -- it's old. It's a good plane, but it's old. You can't get parts for it anymore.

It's very hard to get parts. They have to go and take from the older planes. So, I -- it was time. When you look at a 747s and, you know, the heads of state from especially the Arab countries, you look at from Saudi Arabia, from some of those countries, and you put it next to this, it doesn't show well for the United States.

And if you remember, it was Obama that we wanted to get the plane; he was the one ready to sign a contract. And because he wanted to sign it, I assumed they paid too much, and I was able to get about a million -- $1.7 billion off the price, maybe $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion off the price for the exact same plane.

And they're building it, but they're taking a lot longer than they should have taken.

That's a weird deal.

Are you going to leave the wife in the car? Wouldn't you think that might be a little dangerous? I don't know if that has proper compression. I don't know, that's a strange one. I just heard that two minutes ago. I think Sean's taking care of it.

Is that a serious story?

Keep her in the car and she's going to be in a freighter.

Those freighters don't have -- you know.

I don't want to get involved, but it's a strange story. I just heard that one.

Farmers are so important. Farmers are -- you know, they like to understand -- on a couple of things yesterday they liked what I said for the farm -- I'm a big farmer person. I love the farmers, I think they're great. And we have to steer the laws, so the farmers don't get hurt in our country and in their country.

But Europe has a big immigration problem, but they also liked when I said that they have one of the worst mayors anywhere in the world, in London. He's a horrible mayor, nasty guy -- stupid guy, in my opinion. But he's a nasty man and I want nothing to do with him. But I didn't think it was a big statement, and I was -- so many people said, thank you for saying that.

He's a bad guy. Khan is his name, I guess. He's done a lousy job; I can tell you that. A terrible mayor.

But people liked it so much when I said that.

I'll give it to you now. Do you want a big scoop? Everybody else, close your ears, OK? You ready?

Ten days from today.

OK?

Good.

We have the scoop.

And then, we're going to put on tariffs and stuff, and I don't know if it's going to affect Russia because he wants to obviously probably keep the war going. But we're going to put on tariffs and the various things that you put on. It may or may not affect them, but it could.

I don't want to tell you that. I don't want to tell you that.

That's a very -- boy, that's a bad one. That's a bad one, but I won't tell you about that.

I don't have that.

In beautiful luxury hotels.

It's not an alligator, it's just that, you know, they're putting people in luxury hotels and other people that are working their asses off are living from hand to mouth, they're not living the same way. I mean, I looked at some of the hotels they're using, and they've done it in our country also. They've put them in like the best hotels anywhere in the world because they could get rooms there, thousands of dollars a night.

And other people are living out on the streets, including our veterans. They can't get a room. Our veterans are living on the streets. There are pictures of our veterans staying right by the door where they're walking in to live, and the veterans are sitting out on the sidewalk in front of a fancy hotel and the illegals are coming into that hotel and staying there for a week.

That's no good.

I don't want to say two or I don't want to say any number. You're talking about many years ago. But yeah, he took people and, because he took people, I said don't do it anymore, you know, they work for me. And he took -- beyond that he took some others. And once he did that, that was the end of him.

I didn't like -- when they steal people I don't like it.

Are you saying that that's taking place in the UK?

Really?

I mean, I'm hearing that. Well, we -- I looked at him yesterday. Well, they said they canceled Truth Social. I'll bet it's uncanceled very quickly. I'll bet it's uncancelled.

No, it's a little different. It's different. I see it in some countries that you would never suspect it. Not only there, I've seen it in other countries where, you know, they're like bread and pudding countries, I think. And then all of a sudden, they become somewhat violent. You know, when people go socialistic or when you get the radical left or the left going in, the countries actually become very mean.

They become two things: mean and incompetently run simultaneously. How is Karoline doing? Is she doing a good job? Look at her. She's such a star. Come on Karoline, come here.

Chloe, do you want to come over? Chloe is a great -- she's a great golfer, a great talented golfer. She's probably the most talented golfer other than Kai, but I think it's about the same, right? Don't you think? She hits the ball long. This little girl has a lot of muscle, right?

So -- and she wins, she wins every tournament she plays in of her age.

You love golf, right?

But she's a great athlete.

That is a massive bunker. Fortunately, nobody did. Well, I played -- two of the guys were pros and really good players. One of them won the tournament last year and you could see they were very good players.

Well, we played a first round today. We played -- we only played one round. This was our first round, so I'd have to go into that. Exactly. But the two -- both really good players. One of them, you know, is the one who -- you know the story. You know who that is?

So, he took Tiger, I guess the 18 holes Tiger, you know, went wild with his putting, meaning he started dropping putts from all over the place. And Tiger took him. But that's the quality, you know, they're really good players. We had -- those two guys were -- and terrific guys, two terrific guys. We had a good time.

But I was watching -- the only shot that mattered to me was the driver in the first hole because if I would have missed it, you would not have let me forget it.

I hit some -- yeah, I did. I hit some balls on the driving range. It's a great course. It's a great course. It's been fantastic. You know, I built one and then I had to build this one. Otherwise, you would have lost your zoning. You have like a certain period of time to build it, so they built it and opened.

My son did a very good job of building it.

We have -- we obey the regulations, the environmental regulations. You really want to and it's top of the line. It's really -- the pros were saying this is as good as any course they've ever played. It's as good as it gets.

I did -- yeah, I think windmills are a disgrace. I think they hurt everything they touch, they're ugly, they're very inefficient. It's the most expensive form of energy there is. People hate it when they become visible from their house. When you see them from a house, the value goes down by 50 percent and more.

They make noise. When they're out in the ocean, they're bad for the sea life, very bad for the whales, obviously, because they wash up on shore like nine times more than they did without them. No, they are really bad, and they cost a lot of money. You know, there's not a wind farm that's put up without subsidy.

So, instead of making money, what they should do is open up the whole North Coast oil. They have tremendous oil right there, right where we played and they made it impossible for people to drill. It's crazy. I mean, that's one of the best oil areas in the world. They've made it impossible for people to take it out.

Instead, they put up these ugly windmills all over the country and all over the world. I don't know what it is. Nobody likes them. They have the greatest lobby, but it's starting -- I think I'm starting to get to it now. They're bad energy, they look bad. They kill the birds, they're really terrible things.

And it's the most expensive energy of any energy there is. And in fact, every -- I mean not every, I guess, I don't know, maybe some -- but almost every windmill put up needs subsidy from the government. So, instead of making money they lose money. And that's why UK energy costs are very high because when we were flying over on the plane, they were all over the place.

It's terrible, it's a terrible thing. I'll say it till I can't speak anymore. And I think -- but I think we are having an impact. They're starting to take a lot of windmills down. I mean, they're literally starting to take them down. They don't work. They're bad and they're too costly. And every year you see them up there, the government is paying a lot of money.

Whereas if you have oil, if you have other forms of energy, you make money on it. In other words, you bring down taxes.

Links golf is just different golf. It's quite a bit different. I love Bryson. Bryson's great. He's a great player, very powerful guy, long hitter, great putter, great everything. And it's interesting because he plays well in links courses.

Oh, yeah. I mean, look, we have a tournament this weekend there and we have another tournament next weekend, big tournaments. And we're looking to get the Irish Open at Doonbeg. You know, I have a course in Doonbeg in Ireland and we have a lot of great tournaments coming to mind. I build the best courses.

That's not only said by me; that's said by everybody.

No, I haven't gotten -- I haven't had any response. It's a shame. So I used to say to you, 5,000 people die a week, now it's 7,000 people are dying a week, mostly Ukrainian and Russian soldiers, but people also from having bombs dropped on their head. It's a disgusting war.

I don't worry about it. We have so much oil in our country. We'll just step it up even further. I mean, oil is down pretty low right now. We'll step it up even further.

I felt good. I thought it was great. I thought the course was great. It looks even more beautiful than I thought. You know, we did the first one like 11 years, 12 years ago and it's gotten tremendous reviews. It's one of the best courses in the world. And I had the other piece of land to do this one, also on the ocean and the North Sea, and we really have -- And by the way, the North Sea is the exact term for the oil.

They have the greatest, among the greatest reserves. It's tremendous and they're not using it. Instead, they're putting up these stupid windmills. It's so crazy. UK could reduce their energy costs by 70 percent if they would use the North Sea oil. It just doesn't make sense. It's just not a liberal thing to do, but it's becoming more liberal thing to do. I love being out there.

It was great, good feeling.

Is that what they say?

Well, I can see it. I'm interested in the work that make America healthy again. I can see and I should think about it for myself.  Bobby's doing a great job. People are loving Bobby Kennedy and the whole group, Doctor Oz and Marty Makary. We have a fantastic group and you're going to see a lot of things happening over the next couple of months.

I mean true activists. And they're going with the science. And you know, if you take a look at some of the problems, some of the diseases that are coming up to a level that we've never seen before, there's something wrong. There's something wrong and we're going to -- I think we're going to solve the problem, but he's really working hard.

A lot of -- all we're doing now is stats, statistics, and I think we're going to make a big change. We're going to save a lot of lives. You know, when the babies are born and they end up having problems that they've never had before, and by like 15 and 20 times more. So there's something wrong and we're going to find what it is pretty soon.

We think pretty soon.

Were some of them?

Well, I don't want to say, but everyone knows the people that were taken and it was the concept of taking people that work for me is bad, but that story has been pretty well out there and the answer is yes, they were. Yeah.

In the spa.

Yeah, people that work in the spa. I have a great spa, one of the best spas in the world at Mar a Lago and people were taken out of the spa, hired by him. In other words, gone. And other people would come and complain this guy is taking people from the spa. I didn't know that. And then when I heard about it, I told him, I said, listen, we don't want you taking our people.

Whether it was spa or not spa, I don't want them taking people and he was fine and then not too long after that, he did it again and I said, out of here.

I don't know. I think she worked at the spa. I think so. I think that was one of the people. Yeah. He stole her. And by the way, she had no complaints about us, as you know, none whatsoever.

They've done a great job. Yeah.

You mean the assassination with -- they just weren't as good that day. They had a bad day. They shouldn't have had a roof that was, you know, unpatrolled. They should have had coordination with the local police because, you know, you had a lot of talk going on. You had the woman screaming, there's a man up there with a gun, and a number of people were screaming, there's a guy up there with a gun and they didn't have -- the one group wasn't hooked into the other group.

I'll tell you, the Secret Service shooter, David, was amazing because in four seconds it was over. And if this lunatic was allowed to keep shooting, because they had a lot of -- tens of thousands of people there, so a lot of people could have been killed. I mean, we lost a great person and two people very badly injured, but the shooter, one bullet.

Think of that, one bullet from a very far distance, it's amazing.

So he was great.

I don't know, you know, maybe and maybe not, but it's -- I like to not think about it. You know, it affects some people greatly. I can't afford to be affected because I have a job to do, so I like not to think about it. I think about it too much. It's probably not a good thing.

I don't think about it. I think -- you see the kind of protection now. I think they're very good. It's a whole different level. Look, these people went to Biden and Biden's people and asked for more help because I was having rallies 60,000, 70,000 people. I had 115,000 people and Biden would have two people.

Nobody wanted to see the guy. And he'd have a bigger security detail than I had. And they were asking, Sean and the various people were asking for more people and they were denied. So they denied them and you know, so you could make that case. I don't think they've made that case well because they -- I knew for a fact that they were asking for more people a lot and they haven't -- they have said it, but not that publicly, but they wanted more people and the Biden people would not give it to them.

And we had massive crowds. You know, you were there, but we would have routinely 50,000, 60,000, 70,000 people and he would have nobody. He couldn't fill the circles. You know, the eight circles and he didn't need very many people. And so that was a problem too.

Yeah. She thinks it's terrible and she sees the same pictures that you see and that we all see. And I think everybody, unless they're pretty cold-hearted or worse than that, nuts. There's nothing you can say other than it's terrible when you see the kids and those are kids, you know, whether they talk starvation or not, those are kids that are starving.

I mean, they are starving and you see the mothers, they love them so much and there's just nothing they seem to be able to do. They got to get them food and we're going to get them food.

No, I think maybe I'll send somebody else because I've had a lot of problems with South Africa and they have some very bad policies, very, very bad policies, like policies where people are being killed, a lot of people are being killed. So I think I probably won't. I'd like to, but I don't think I will.

No, he wants to meet and I look forward to the meeting too, but -- I would say before the end of the year, I mean, just to go full circle. So, we had a very good meeting today. If you would have asked me the question yesterday, no, it wasn't looking too good. I would have said -- maybe I might have said nothing, but I might have also said it wasn't going too good.

I just heard from Scott that the meeting went very well today with China. Thank you all very much. Enjoy the flight. Thank you.