Not really. I'm really concerned for our country. We have a great country. We have a radical left group of lunatics out there, just absolute lunatics. And we're going to get that problem solved. I'm only concerned for the country.

I think that way he was, he was an advocate of nonviolence. That's the way I'd like to see people respond.

Sorry?

I did. I spoke to Erica, his wife. We had a long talk, and she's devastated. She's absolutely devastated, as you can imagine.

I don't know what you said.

They're coming soon. They're coming soon. And as you know, I spoke to their foreign ministers. They were here a couple of weeks ago, as you'll remember, and they'll be coming soon. The Presidents are coming very soon.

Well, we're going to be talking to them. As you know, we are talking to them. It's a very violent place. It's very, very violent. For a long time, it's been going on, for 30 years, 35 years even, they say. But we're going to handle it. Thanks.

I can't understand.

I think it's terrible. The gotta be ashamed.

Well, I hear they're making big progress and we'll have to see what happens.

I have an indication, yeah, but we'll let you know about that later.

President of where?

I will be, yeah. They're very good people and I will be doing that, yes.

I'd rather not say, I think progress is being made. He is an animal, total animal. And hopefully, they'll have him and they'll get him. What he did is disgraceful. Charlie Kirk was a great person, a great man, great in every way, especially with youth. And what he did, what this man did was disgraceful. So hopefully, we'll have him and we will deal with him very appropriately.

Could have been a mistake. Could have been a mistake. But regardless, I'm not happy about anything having to do with that whole situation. But hopefully, it's going to come to an end.

Well, I watched that trial. I know him pretty well. Foreign leader, I thought he was a good President of Brazil and it's very surprising that that could happen. That's very much like they tried to do with me, but they didn't get away with it at all. But I can only say this, I knew him as President of Brazil.

He was a good man. And I don't see that happening.

Thank you.

You better say it a little bit more. Where are you from?

Go ahead, do it again. Do it again.

Well, hopefully it won't affect it at all. We want the hostages out and we want them out soon. Hopefully, it won't affect it.

Mr. President, my condolences on the loss of your good friend, Charlie Kirk. May I ask, sir, personally, how are you holding up over the last day and a half, sir?

I think very good. And by the way, right there, you see all the trucks, they've just started construction of the new ballroom for the White House, which is something they've been trying to get, as you know, for about 150 years. And it's going to be a beauty. It'll be a absolutely magnificent structure. And I just see all the trucks.

We just started. So it'll get done very nicely and it'll be one of the best anywhere in the world actually. Thank you very much.

I don't expect to. I would, but I don't expect to.

Many favorite memories. He was just a great guy. I've never seen a person that was a little bit older get along so well with youth. He got along with young people, I've never seen anything like it. And he really helped me a lot. I did very well, as you know, with young people, and he was a big factor. How are you, all right?

I will be.

I believe it's in Arizona, and they've asked me to go. I think I have an obligation to do that.

I hear next weekend.

I'm hearing next weekend.

Well, I hear they're making great strides, Maggie. I hear they're making great strides. They have pictures and some other things, and they found the weapon. Big factor. So they're very talented people. Let's see what happens.

Certainly, we hope we can do it soon.

Yeah, I'm very happy about it. I know President Bolsonaro not so well, but I know him as a leader of a country, and I always found him to be very straight, very outstanding, actually as a man, a very outstanding man. I think it's a terrible thing. Very terrible.

Actually, I think it's very bad for Brazil.

Well, I hear that what happened as you know where they were taken down, and they went a little berserk. But regardless, yes, I would condemn even for being near that line. I don't like it. I'm not happy about it. That whole thing I'm not happy about.

Thank you very much.

Well, we have a great case and everyone thinks it's going to be very successful. It's a great case. I don't see how anybody could be successful.

Well, we have to be brave in life. In all fairness, we have a life and we have to be brave. I probably shouldn't be out here talking to you in all fairness, but we will be brave and we have a great country. We have radical left lunatics out there and we just have to beat the hell out of them.

I do. It's a great family. They're great friends of mine. He was, I would say nobody stronger for me than Charlie Kirk. This is a devastating moment for the country and as you know, I'm giving him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is the biggest award outside of the Congressional Medal of Honor. That's the civilian version of the Congressional Medal of Honor and he deserves it and I look forward to it. I'll be going to his funeral.

The overall person, the persona of Charlie Kirk. I mean he was unbelievable, especially with you. Now, he was a young guy, but older than the people he was even catering to. I've never seen anybody have such an impact on young people.

I felt so sad. Charlie was on my mind even though the speech was initially about Charlie and then we went on to September 11th. But more than anything else, Charlie was on my mind. It's very fresh and a very horrible thing. He was a great man.

All I can say is hang in there. And I think Turning Point, I spoke with Erika, wife, and they have great people in Turning Point and I think they're going to carry it forward and they're going to make Charlie very proud looking down on us all. But he was incredible. He really helped me with the election too.

We won youth, we did great with young people, which really doesn't happen very often with Republican candidates. If you take a look at Mitt Romney and some of these others, they did so badly and I did so well and Charlie was a big factor. Thank you all.