-- a Republican, I would consider to be a fool. It's a great bill. It's a great bill for America, more importantly. Thank you very much, everybody.

I think we're in good shape. I don't know. I can't tell you that, but this was a meeting of love. There's great unity in that room and it's the biggest tax cut in American history. And if it doesn't pass, everybody's going to get a 68 percent tax increase. I don't know how you beat that. Also, one other thing, you're going to get an 85 percent reduction in drugs, 85 percent reduction, not one quarter of a percent, not an increase.

With Democrats, you're going to pay 25 percent more for drugs. With me, because of what I've instituted, favored nations, the people of America and it's about time, going to get an 85 percent reduction. They're going to be paying the lowest price in the world.

It's very important. It's important for the country. It's not important for me. It's important for the country. This is the greatest bill that will ever -- I think it's the most important bill this country has ever done in terms of size and scope. That's why we call it the Great Big, Beautiful Deal. I mean, it really is. The bill is -- I think it's going to be one of the most important.

It's the biggest tax reduction in history, biggest regulation reduction in history, incredible for Medicaid, for Medicare. The only thing, we're going to leave it exactly as it was other than for obviously, waste fraud and abuse. We're strengthening it. We're going to make these things even stronger. The Democrats are going to destroy Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security and we're going to keep them, but even make them stronger.

Say it.

Well, we're looking at a lot of things, but we'll see. I had a very good talk yesterday with President Putin. We'll see how that comes out. They're talking right now. We'll see how it --

Say it.

No, Pope Leo suggested it and if he'd like to have the talks at the Vatican, I can't think of a better place. I like it. This is a pretty good place too, come to think of it, but I think -- I like them. Yeah, I like the Pope and I like the Pope's brother. You know, one of the one of the Pope's brothers, actually both of them, but one in particular is a major MAGA fan.

Did you know that? He lives in Florida. He's got MAGA, he's got Trump, and I look forward to getting him to the White House. I want to shake his hand. I want to give him a big hug. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.