Mr. President.

Okay I hope its not too late? It's okay isn't it?

Oh ok good, because  know you don't sleep much, you're just like me. You are not a person who goes to bed at all, I know that, right?

I just wanted to congratulate you because I am hearing of the unbelievable job on the drug problem. Many countries have the problem, we have a problem, but what a great you are doing and  Ijust wanted to call and tell you that.

I understand that and fully understand that and I think we had a previous President who did not understand that, but I understand that and we have spoken about this before.

So how is everyone doing, how is the Philippines doing?

What's your opinion of him, Rodrigo? Are we dealing with someone who stable or not stable?

Well, he has got the powder but he doesn't have the delivery system. All his rockets are crashing. That's the good news. But eventually when he gets that delivery system... what do you think about China? Does China have power over him?

We have a lot of firepower over there. We have two submarines -- the best in the world -- we have two nuclear submarines -- not that we want to use them at all. I've never seen anything like they are, but we don't have to use this, but he could be crazy, so we will see what happens.

We can handle it.

I hope China solves the problem. They really have the means because a great degree of their stuff come through China. They are dorng certain things, like not accepting calls. But if China doesn't do it, we will do it.

You can tell him I am counting on him. I have a very good relationship with him. I had him in Florida for two days and got to know him well. He is a good guy.

We can't let a madman with nuclear weapons let on the loose like that. We have a lot of firepower, more than he has, times 20 but we don't want to use it. You will be in good shape.

Please call China and tell them we are all counting on China. Tell the President -- we became friends for two days -- he was great. On another subject, I am coming to see you I guess sometime.

Thank you Mr. President. You are a good man. Yes, certainly in November. Welcome and thank you and we will be happy to see you, Rodrigo. I look forward to seeing you. If you want to come to the Oval Office, I will love to have you in the Oval Office. Anytime you want to, come. I will be in the Philippines in November, but anytime if you are in DC, come see me in the Oval Office. Work it out with your staff. Seriously, if you want me over, just let us know. Just take care of yourself, and we will take care of North Korea. Keep up good work, you are doing an amazing job. Say hello to people of the Philippines for me.

Good. Take care of yourself, come see me before November, you are invited anytime.

Take care of yourself, Rodrigo. God bless you.