-- a lot of trouble. And the answer is because, one, this is the greatest country in the world, and the American dream is still possible. The second answer is because I had a Mamaw who was tough as nails, and she kept me on the right path. Now, I could tell you a lot of stories.  I can tell you a lot of stories.

Well, one of my favorite Mamaw stories is when I enlisted in the US Marine Corps. She was very proud of me, of course, but it was -- it was a time of war, and Mamaw was not happy that a recruiter had persuaded me to enlist in the Marines. So, I remember he came over to our house and started to walk up the steps to her porch.

And she said, look, "If you step one more foot on my porch, I'm going to blow that thing off." And she had 19 handguns at home, so that was not an idle threat. But that strength and that discipline allowed me to achieve my dreams, and things worked out for me because we love our country, it's a great country, and because there are women like Mamaw all over this country making sure kids are able to achieve their dreams.  Thank you.

But let's be honest, there were some tough times, too. And this goes to the point about Kamala Harris' failures. I remember, the reason Mamaw raised me is because my mom struggled with addiction for a big chunk of my early life. And I -- I'm proud to say that she has been clean and sober for almost 10 years now.

I'm so proud of my mom.  Thank you. And -- and for all those struggling with this terrible problem of addiction, know there is hope, and there is recovery. It's worth it. You got to keep fighting for it. But we support you, and we support your dreams for second chances. But it wasn't always that good.

Didn't always think that I would get a second chance with my mom. I -- I remember being a kid waiting at the bedside of my mom, angry that she had taken something she shouldn't have taken and just praying to God, even though I was so mad, praying to God, please, Jesus, just let her wake up. Don't let this thing be the thing that took her life.

And the unfortunate truth, my friends, is that the poison that Kamala Harris has let into this country means there are a lot of kids like me who are not going to have those prayers answered. We're going to be -- we're going to remember who we're fighting for. And it's the kids at the side of those bedside tables begging God for their parents to wake up. We're going to make sure that happens.

We're going to fight for the people who are struggling in this country.  And -- and the contrast -- the contrast between an America led by Kamala Harris and an America led by President Trump, it couldn't be more clear. Remember, President Trump's vision was closed borders and open factories. Kamala Harris' vision is the exact opposite, open borders and closed factories.

Kamala Harris, she wants bigger government that can tell you what to do, and she also wants smaller bank accounts, which I think a lot of us have seen. But Donald Trump, by contrast, delivered record paychecks and the strongest border in history. What an amazing record of accomplishment. Kamala Harris wants to ban fracking and buy energy from every tin pot dictator all over the world.

Donald Trump wants to drill, baby, drill. Let's get it from our own workers and our own territory. Kamala Harris wants to raise your taxes, and she wants to make it easier for companies to ship jobs to Mexico and China. Donald Trump wants to lower taxes for hardworking families. In fact, he already did it. And we want to reward companies that hire American and buy American.

It's all about protecting the workers of this country. Kamala Harris wants to defund the police and let violent criminals out of jail.  Donald Trump wants to lock up the bad guys and back the blue, and he did it for four years. He's going to do it again. So, I -- I want to send a message out there to those who are struggling, those who are trying to make ends meet.

If you're scraping by instead of thriving, I know what that feels like. I know what it's like to choose between paying off the credit card or buying groceries. I know what it's like to watch families fall apart under financial stress. I know what it's like to worry that a parent will never kick that habit, and I know what it's like to worry that that habit is going to eventually claim their lives.

But I also know that our national motto is, in God, we trust. And God tells us not to despair but to hope. Hope. And while the media likes to lie about this movement and this party, this movement of ours is about a simple idea. We love this country enough that we will never give up hope, and we will never stop fighting for a better future for everybody.

Whether they vote for us or not, if you're an American citizen, we love you, and we're going to fight for you. Now, we know that, in this election, the best way to give our people hope for the future is to reelect the guy who already did it and did it very well. Donald J. Trump, the once and future president of the United States.

In just a few months, I believe this state of Georgia is going to lead a great American restoration, a restoration of safety, of prosperity, and, yes, of hope. We're going to secure our borders. We're going to kick out the drugs and the illegal immigrants. We're going to rebuild American manufacturing. We're going to bring jobs back to this country, and we are going to buy American for American, for our people.

It's going to start in Georgia. God bless you all. Thank you so much for having me. I'm going to be your next vice president, and we're going to win Georgia and win this country. I love you all. Thank you so much for having me.   That wasn't quite loud enough. Are you ready to hear from the next president of the United States?  Remember, eight years ago, Donald Trump had everything, fame, fortune, family, friends.

He gave up the easy life so that we could get our country back. He traded everything he had for unjust persecution, for slander and scorn from the fake news, all for this country, for you and me. They couldn't beat him politically, so they tried to bankrupt him. They failed at that, so they tried to impeach him.

They failed at that, so they tried to put him in prison. They even tried to kill him. But as sure -- as sure as the American flag still waves in our beautiful sky, Donald Trump still stands, ready to fight, ready to win, and ready to make America great again. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the once and future president of the United States, Donald J. Trump.