Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-testimony-new-york-business-records-hush-money-april-30-2024

Note: [Editor's note: The following transcript was provided by the New York State Unified Court System, available here: https://cqrc.al/ny-people-v-donald-j-trump. These documents were reprocessed by optical character recognition (OCR), reviewed, formatted and checked for errors by our internal A.I. systems, and reviewed by a human. However, please check against the PDFs before quoting. A searchable PDF incorporating the corrected text can be viewed or downloaded at: https://cqrc.al/trump-ny-trial-2024-04-30 for verification.]

Juan Merchan: Good morning. Please be seated.

Court Clerk: Calling from the Part 59 calendar, calendar number 1 and 2, SMZ 71762 of '24 and SMZ 71764 of '24. Donald Trump. Appearances.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADAs Joshua Steinglass, Becky Mangold, Susan Hoffinger, Christopher Conroy, Matthew Colangelo and Katherine Ellis.

Todd Blanche: Good morning. I am Todd Blanche. And I am joined by Emil Bove, Susan Necheles and Kendra Wharton. Good morning.

Juan Merchan: Good morning. We have a couple of housekeeping matters first. I know that both sides wanted to work something out with the sound system. It's my understanding that that is going to be worked out? There is a plan in place?

Joshua Steinglass: I believe so. Yes, Judge.

Todd Blanche: Yes. I think we're working it out, and we will try to be as efficient as we can and make it as smooth as possible.

Juan Merchan: The second issue. At the start of the trial, Mr. Blanche, you had requested two days for high school graduations, one for Mr. Trump and one for a colleague. Can you tell me what those days were?

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor.

Todd Blanche: May 17th and June 3rd.

Juan Merchan: All right. We got through the jury selection really quickly, I think we are ahead of schedule and I think we have been moving well ahead since, so I don't think that the May 17th date is a problem. So Mr. Trump can certainly attend that date -- attend his son's graduation. June 3rd, it's really up to you.

Juan Merchan: I think, at that point, the jury might be deliberating. It could be a challenge.

Susan Necheles: I understand, your Honor. And, of course, if they are deliberating --

Juan Merchan: And if they are not deliberating, I think that that will be fine as well.

Susan Necheles: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: I believe the clerk of the court called the SMZs into the record. Let the record reflect that I'm about to hand down the Court's decisions on the hearing that we had for contempt, on SMZ-71762 of '24, which covered Counts 1 through 3. The Court finds that the People have met their burden of proof and demonstrated contempt as to the second and third incident, but not as to the first.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Trump is fined a thousand dollars on each of those two. As to SMZ-71764 of '24, covering incidents 4 through 10, the Court finds the People have met their burden as to all of those. And the Court imposes a punishment of $1,000 on each of those six. I am handing down written decision copies for both sides.

Juan Merchan: The details of the decision are in the written decision.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Anything else that I need to go over before we get back to the witness?

Joshua Steinglass: There are a few matters, Judge, but I don't think that they necessarily have to be discussed before the witness.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Mr. Blanche?

Todd Blanche: The same with what Mr. Steinglass just said.

Juan Merchan: Let's take the witness, please. The date for payment is in the Order.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, Gary Farro, having been previously sworn, enters the courtroom and resumed the witness stand.]

Gary Farro: Good morning.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, sir. Welcome back.

Gary Farro: Good morning, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I remind you that you are still under oath. Please have a seat.

Gary Farro: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: All right. We can get the jury.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: Continuing case on trial, People versus Donald J. Trump. All parties and all jurors are present.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, jurors. Welcome back. I hope you had a good weekend. People.

Rebecca Mangold: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Good morning, Mr. Farro.

Gary Farro: Good morning.

Rebecca Mangold: Welcome back.

Gary Farro: Thank you.

Rebecca Mangold: So before we adjourned on Friday, I think you were talking to the jury about a call from Michael Cohen that you received on October 26th, 2016, is that right?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And you testified that he was -- he had called to open a new bank account for an entity called Essential Consultants LLC, right?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And we discussed a form that you called a KYC form?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: I think you explained it stands for "Know Your Customer?"

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And is that an account opening document required by First Republic Bank?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that the only document that a client is required to submit to open a new bank account?

Gary Farro: No. They need to provide a master signature card, which shows who the signers are on the account, as well as the documentation to support, if it's a business account. In this case, it was a LLC account, so they have to provide us with the LLC documentation as well.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you remind everyone again what "LLC" stands for?

Gary Farro: Limited Liability Company.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we display People's Exhibit 371, which is already in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Juan Merchan: For everyone, right?

Rebecca Mangold: For everybody, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you see that on your screen, Mr. Farro?

Gary Farro: Yes, I can.

Rebecca Mangold: Is this a First Republic Bank email?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: A series of emails?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Could we focus on the top two emails in the chain, please?

Gary Farro: Certainly.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, looking at the middle email. Who is that from?

Gary Farro: That's from Elizabeth Rappaport, who was my assistant.

Rebecca Mangold: Your assistant?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is it to?

Gary Farro: It is to Melissa Duran, Client Service Group New York, and DeWitt Hutchins.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is Melissa Duran?

Gary Farro: Melissa Duran worked in our Client Service Group, and specifically handled some of the wire transactions.

Rebecca Mangold: And would you remind everyone who DeWitt Hutchins is?

Gary Farro: DeWitt Hutchins, at the time, was a preferred banker working in the 56th and Madison office.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the date of this email?

Gary Farro: October 26th, 2016.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that the same day that Mr. Cohen called you to open the Essential Consultants account?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read this email to the jury?

Gary Farro: "DeWitt - please provide the account docs for Michael Cohen. Thank you."

Rebecca Mangold: I'm directing you to the top email on the page. Do you see that there is an attachment?

Gary Farro: Yes, there is a PDF as well as another image.

Rebecca Mangold: And if we could briefly flip through the remainder of this document.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Are Pages 3 through 9 of this PDF the other account opening documents for Essential Consultants LLC?

Gary Farro: Yes. This is what I referenced prior.

Rebecca Mangold: And can we turn now to Page 3 of the PDF.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Focus on the top half of the page. What is this document?

Gary Farro: This is the business signature card. This determines who has the ability to sign on the account.

Rebecca Mangold: And it also contains an agreement to open accounts?

Gary Farro: Yes, it does.

Rebecca Mangold: What entity is this for?

Gary Farro: Essential Consultants LLC.

Rebecca Mangold: And if you look at the bottom of the box that we are looking at, in the lower-most row, where it says "Type of Business," what type of business is listed?

Gary Farro: Consulting.

Rebecca Mangold: And is that business type something that's provided by the client in this case?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: And that's Mr. Cohen here?

Gary Farro: Yes. We asked for the purpose of the account and that was the answer.

Rebecca Mangold: Was the purpose for the account given in this form consistent with what Mr. Cohen told you on the phone call earlier that day?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it consistent with the purpose of the account stated in the Know Your Customer form that we looked at on Friday?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: And if we scroll down a little bit to the middle portion of the page. Who is listed as the authorized signers for the account?

Gary Farro: Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: And any other authorized signers?

Gary Farro: No, there is not.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we turn to Page 4 of the PDF.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another part of the same document that we just looked at?

Gary Farro: Yes. This is the signature page of that document.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize the signature near the bottom of the page?

Gary Farro: Yes. It's Michael Cohen's.

Rebecca Mangold: And what's the date of that?

Gary Farro: 10/26/16.

Rebecca Mangold: And looking now at the box at the bottom of the page, is there an account number provided?

Gary Farro: Yes, there is.

Rebecca Mangold: And what are the last four digits of the account number?

Gary Farro: 1897

Rebecca Mangold: And in the right-most column it says "open by." Who is listed there?

Gary Farro: DeWitt Hutchins.

Rebecca Mangold: If we could flip to the following page, Page 5 of the PDF.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this document?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What is this?

Gary Farro: This is an addendum to the signature card. This kind of gives the information on the authorized signer.

Rebecca Mangold: And this is another required document to open a bank account?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the account name listed at the top?

Gary Farro: Essential Consultants LLC.

Rebecca Mangold: And do you see a signature at the bottom?

Gary Farro: Yes. Michael Cohen's.

Rebecca Mangold: And what's the date?

Gary Farro: 10/26/16.

Rebecca Mangold: All right. Now, flipping through the last few pages of the PDF. Are Pages 6 through 9 of the PDF -- well, what are these documents?

Gary Farro: These are the opening of a LLC's accounts as well as the tax ID number provided by the Internal Revenue Service.

Rebecca Mangold: Are these documents generated at First Republic Bank or provided by the client?

Gary Farro: No, they are provided by the client. They are generated by the IRS.

Rebecca Mangold: And turning now to Page 6 of the PDF. What is this?

Note: [Displayed]

Gary Farro: This is -- the account was opened in Delaware, as most LLCs are that I do business with. And it's a Certificate of Formation of Essential Consultants.

Rebecca Mangold: And what is the date and time that Essential Consultants was formed?

Gary Farro: October 17th, 2016 at 10:21 a.m.

Rebecca Mangold: And just for -- in the interest of clarity, is this provided by the IRS or some other entity?

Gary Farro: My understanding is it's provided by -- the tax ID is provided by the IRS. And this is provided by the State of Delaware.

Rebecca Mangold: If we could flip to Page 7 of the PDF please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: What is this?

Gary Farro: This is the State of Delaware's Limited Liability Company formation doc, and it shows Michael Cohen as the authorized person.

Rebecca Mangold: And then, finally, flipping to -- if we can flip through Page 8 to Page 9 of the PDF, and focusing on the bottom of the page.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this the document that you referenced earlier was issued by the IRS?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And this has an Employer Identification Number?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What is that?

Gary Farro: It's essentially -- to equate it to something, it's like the Social Security number for businesses. It's a tax ID for businesses.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we take that down. Now can we display to everyone what is admitted in evidence as People's 370.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another set of First Republic Bank emails?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Who is on these emails?

Gary Farro: Myself and DeWitt Hutchins.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look at the bottom portion of the page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Who is this email from?

Gary Farro: DeWitt to the myself.

Rebecca Mangold: What's the subject?

Gary Farro: "Michael Cohen."

Rebecca Mangold: And can you read the first line of the email, please?

Gary Farro: Sure. "Account is good to go - gave him wire instructions and ordered checks."

Rebecca Mangold: What did you understand "good to go" to mean?

Gary Farro: It means that it's open and ready to be funded.

Rebecca Mangold: And based on the date of the email and who it's from, do you know what account this is referencing?

Gary Farro: Essential Consultants LLC.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, looking at the date and time above, did DeWitt send this on the same day that you received the call from Mr. Cohen?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And you spoke to Mr. Cohen that morning about opening this account?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: What's the date stamp of this email?

Gary Farro: Oh, the date, excuse me, October 26th, 2016.

Rebecca Mangold: I'm sorry, the time stamp of the email?

Gary Farro: Okay. 2:35 p.m.

Rebecca Mangold: So about how long did it take to open the account between the time that Mr. Cohen called you and the time that Mr. Hutchins confirmed that the account was opened?

Gary Farro: Five to six hours or so.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Mr. Cohen indicate that opening this account was urgent when he called you?

Gary Farro: Yes. Michael Cohen -- everything was urgent with Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: So why did it take five or six hours to open the account?

Gary Farro: Michael Cohen's not our only client, so we do have other things that take precedence. Moving in and opening an account in a singular day is considered very quick.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that because there is some processes that the bank needs to undertake in order for the account to be opened?

Gary Farro: Absolutely.

Rebecca Mangold: And does that require certain checks by the back office, is -- I think you called it?

Gary Farro: Correct. As well as data entry, getting the paperwork back, et cetera.

Rebecca Mangold: So we've now looked at the account opening documents for Essential Consultants in some detail, right?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Probably more detail than anybody wanted.

Gary Farro: [Laughter]

Rebecca Mangold: Did any of the account opening paperwork indicate the account would be used to make a payment on behalf of a political candidate?

Gary Farro: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Would the bank's process for opening the account be different if Mr. Cohen had indicated the account would be used to make a payment on behalf of a political candidate?

Gary Farro: There would be additional scrutiny.

Rebecca Mangold: And what do you mean by that?

Gary Farro: It would reach the second line of defense.

Rebecca Mangold: Would that have delayed the opening of the account?

Gary Farro: Quite possibly.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it possible that the account wouldn't have been opened at all?

Gary Farro: It's possible.

Rebecca Mangold: Did any of the account opening paperwork indicate that the account would be used to buy the rights to a media story?

Gary Farro: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Would the bank's process for opening the account be different if Mr. Cohen had indicated that the account would be used to buy the rights to a media story?

Gary Farro: Not necessarily, but we would certainly ask additional questions.

Rebecca Mangold: Was that consistent with the stated purpose of the account on the phone call to you, that it was for real estate?

Gary Farro: That would not be consistent with what it was, and that's why we would ask additional questions.

Rebecca Mangold: Did any of the account opening paperwork indicate the account would be used to pay an adult film star?

Gary Farro: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Would the bank's process for opening the account be different if Mr. Cohen had indicated that the account would be used to pay an adult film star?

Gary Farro: Absolutely.

Rebecca Mangold: How would it be different?

Gary Farro: Well, we would certainly ask additional questions. It's not our money to determine where it goes, however, it is an industry that we do not work with, so there would be a determination made by the second and third line of defense if it was something that we would move forward on.

Rebecca Mangold: And that would have delayed opening the account?

Gary Farro: That would certainly have delayed it.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it possible that the account wouldn't have been opened at all?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: All right. Looking back at this email from Mr. Hutchins. Can you read the bottom portion of the email?

Note: [Displayed]

Gary Farro: "Said he would swing by here in a little bit. Thanks."

Rebecca Mangold: Who did you understand "he" to be in that sentence?

Gary Farro: Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: And why would Mr. Cohen swing by the bank if the account was already opened?

Gary Farro: Because he needed to fund the account for it to be live.

Rebecca Mangold: He had to put money into the account for the account to actually be fully opened?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we turn to what's already in evidence as People's Exhibit 372.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can we focus on the bottom two emails on the page.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Are these First Republic Bank emails?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to the bottom email on the page. Who is that from and to?

Gary Farro: Elizabeth Rappaport to Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the subject of the email?

Gary Farro: The subject is "First Republic Bank Transfer."

Rebecca Mangold: And what is the date and time of this?

Gary Farro: October 26th, 2016 at 2:53 p.m.

Rebecca Mangold: And the last email that we saw was 2:35 that same day, is that correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And so what was the approximate time between that last email and this email that was sent?

Gary Farro: Oh, 23 minutes.

Rebecca Mangold: Good math. Do you see something called "Importance" at the bottom of the top box of the email?

Gary Farro: Yes. It's of high importance.

Rebecca Mangold: And do you know what that is -- like, what that designation indicates?

Gary Farro: That something needs to be done quickly.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read the body of the email to the jury?

Gary Farro: "Good afternoon, Mr. Cohen. Per our conversation over the phone, please confirm your request to transfer $131,000 from your home equity line of credit account number ending in 6194 to your checking account ending in 1897."

Rebecca Mangold: Is the account ending in 1897 the same account that was set up for Essential Consultants --

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: -- that you discussed with us earlier?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: And when you say "home equity line of credit," is that also referred to as a HELOC?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: What is a HELOC?

Gary Farro: A home equity line of credit is a revolving mortgage that's put on your home. What I mean by "revolving" is essentially you can pay down on it at any time and repay it and then draw down on it again. It could be considered as a credit card, with your home as collateral. That's another good way to explain it.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it fair to say that it's mostly like a second mortgage?

Gary Farro: It is a second mortgage, but it can be put in first position as well. For clarification purposes, it is a mortgage that you are allowed to draw upon.

Rebecca Mangold: And, in this case, do you know if it was a second mortgage?

Gary Farro: It was a second mortgage in this scenario, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you explain what's going on in this email?

Gary Farro: Sure. Obviously, a conversation was -- had taken place between Elizabeth and Michael where he had asked to drawdown on his home equity line of credit to fund the account at Essential Consultants.

Rebecca Mangold: What's the next email in the chain?

Gary Farro: It says "Confirmed."

Rebecca Mangold: Is that sent by Michael Cohen?

Gary Farro: That was sent by Michael Cohen to Lizzie.

Rebecca Mangold: And how long after the first email was that sent?

Gary Farro: One minute.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look at the top email in the chain.

Rebecca Mangold: Who is this email to and from?

Gary Farro: This is from Elizabeth Rappaport to our Client Service Group.

Rebecca Mangold: And what is the date and time stamp of the top email?

Gary Farro: This is 10/26/2016, 11:56 a.m.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you explain, again, to the jury how the time stamps work in the First Republic email?

Gary Farro: Yes. The very top, when you are pulling the email system, is in Pacific Time. Everything below it is stuck in Eastern Standard Time.

Rebecca Mangold: And does this also have an importance designation?

Gary Farro: Yes, it does.

Rebecca Mangold: And what is it?

Gary Farro: "High."

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read this email to the jury?

Gary Farro: "Please transfer $131,000 from HELOC account ending in 6194 to checking account ending in 1897. Please note this is a time-sensitive request. Please confirm once complete."

Rebecca Mangold: When Ms. Rappaport says "it's a time-sensitive request," is that something that would come from Ms. Rappaport or from the client?

Gary Farro: In this scenario, it could be from either. And the reason why I say that is because this is now 2:56 p.m. and the wire cut off time is 3:00 p.m., so my assumption would be it started with -- with Michael saying it's urgent, because he did in a prior email, however, that would be purely an assumption.

Rebecca Mangold: And when you say "the wire cut off," what does that mean?

Gary Farro: At 3:00 p.m. is when the wires have to be sent out to be received same day.

Rebecca Mangold: Would that impact this HELOC transfer?

Gary Farro: Well, if the HELOC transfer is not done, the wire cannot be done.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that reference to a subsequent wire after the transfer from the HELOC?

Gary Farro: Well, a transfer from a HELOC is not a wire so it's a bank transfer, so it transfers over and then the wire would be the secondary move that went to someone else.

Rebecca Mangold: So was it your understanding that after this account was funded, Mr. Cohen wanted to subsequently send a wire transfer out using that account --

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: -- later that day?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look at People's Exhibit 373, which is already in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this?

Gary Farro: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What is this?

Gary Farro: This is an advance request for a line of credit.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what this advance request was for?

Gary Farro: This was for the home equity line.

Rebecca Mangold: That's Mr. Cohen's home equity line?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Looking now at the top half of the page?

Gary Farro: Uh-huh.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the request type?

Gary Farro: Is "advance."

Rebecca Mangold: That means he is borrowing money?

Gary Farro: That means he's drawing down on the line of credit, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the amount?

Gary Farro: $131,000.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is the borrower?

Gary Farro: The borrower is Michael Cohen or Laura Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know who Laura Cohen is?

Gary Farro: Michael's spouse.

Rebecca Mangold: And why are both of their names listed?

Gary Farro: Both of their names are listed on the home equity line of credit.

Rebecca Mangold: And where is this transfer from and to?

Gary Farro: It is from the line of credit and ending in 6194, and it's being credited to the new account for Essential Consultants ending in 1897.

Rebecca Mangold: And looking at the effective date on the right, is that the same date that Michael Cohen called you to open the account?

Gary Farro: Yes, 10/26/16.

Rebecca Mangold: And can we look at the bottom half of the page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Does this indicate that this transfer had to be approved by people at First Republic Bank?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And how many people at First Republic Bank had to approve this?

Gary Farro: In this scenario, two.

Rebecca Mangold: And those are their names listed there?

Gary Farro: Yes, Melissa Duran and Mark Stewart.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we please take a look at People's Exhibit 374 already in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: What is this?

Gary Farro: This is an email from Melissa Duran to the Loan Servicing Department requesting the advance.

Rebecca Mangold: I'm sorry, the Loan Servicing Department is part of First Republic Bank?

Gary Farro: Part of our back office operations, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And that's different from the Client Service Group?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the subject?

Gary Farro: The subject is "Advance 6194, OSI. Please expedite pending wire."

Rebecca Mangold: And is there an importance designation in this email?

Gary Farro: Yes. "High."

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read this email to the jury?

Gary Farro: "My client Michael Cohen or Laura Cohen is requesting an advance in the amount of $131,000. Please expedite pending wire. Thank you. Melissa Duran."

Rebecca Mangold: And can you explain what's going on in this email?

Gary Farro: Yes. So an advance has to be done by our Loan Servicing Department. It's another part of our checks and balances. So it goes to the Loan Servicing from our Client Service Group to drawdown and make the deposit.

Rebecca Mangold: All right. And this is the internal bank communication to get that done?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now take a look at People's Exhibit 375 already in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Take a look at the bottom two emails on this page. Are these First Republic Bank emails?

Gary Farro: Yes, they are.

Rebecca Mangold: Looking at the bottom-most email on the page. Is this an email that we've already seen?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: What's this email at the bottom?

Gary Farro: Pardon me?

Rebecca Mangold: What is the email at the bottom?

Gary Farro: Oh, this is the requesting the transfer and the drawdown on the HELOC account and then depositing it into the Essential Consultants account.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, looking at the next email in the chain. Who is this to and from?

Gary Farro: It's from Michael Cohen to Elizabeth Rappaport.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read this email?

Gary Farro: "Can you please send me confirmation that the funds were deposited into the other account? Important."

Rebecca Mangold: And do you have an understanding of what this means?

Gary Farro: Yes. This is stating that he's asking if the $131,000 was deposited into Essential Consultants.

Rebecca Mangold: Did he explain to you why this was important?

Gary Farro: He did not explain to me directly why this was important. I did not speak to him after that initial call.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look at the top email on the page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Who is this to and from?

Gary Farro: From Elizabeth Rappaport to Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: And what's the date and time?

Gary Farro: The date is 10/26/2016 at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time.

Rebecca Mangold: That's 4:15 Eastern?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read the email to the jury?

Gary Farro: "Good afternoon, Mr. Cohen. The funds have been deposited into your account ending in 1897."

Rebecca Mangold: And what does that mean?

Gary Farro: That means that the drawdown on the home equity line of credit has been completed and it has been deposited into the now Essential Consultants account that was established that day.

Rebecca Mangold: Does that mean the Essential Consultants account is now fully funded?

Gary Farro: Fully funded and live for business.

Rebecca Mangold: Officially open?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: All right. Now, let's take a look at what's already in evidence as People's Exhibit 376.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this document?

Gary Farro: Yes, I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What type of document is this?

Gary Farro: This is a Wire Authorization form.

Rebecca Mangold: What is a Wire Authorization form?

Gary Farro: This gives us the right to send the wire when we are in person with the client.

Rebecca Mangold: And just in case there is anybody who doesn't know what a wire is, what is a wire?

Gary Farro: A wire is an electronic way of moving funds from one party to another party.

Rebecca Mangold: Focusing now on the top half of the page.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you see where the wire transfer is coming from?

Gary Farro: Are you talking about -- who the originator is of the wire?

Rebecca Mangold: Yes.

Gary Farro: It's Essential Consultants LLC.

Rebecca Mangold: And on the top right-hand side of the page does it say who prepared this Wire Transfer Authorization Agreement form?

Gary Farro: Yes. DeWitt Hutchins.

Rebecca Mangold: DeWitt Hutchins. Would he fill that out with input from the originator?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look now at the bottom box on the page.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell when this Wire Authorization form was filled out?

Gary Farro: Yes. 10/27/2016 at 10:01 a.m.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you tell whether the client did this remotely or at the bank?

Gary Farro: He did it in person.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that indicated there on the left?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And do you recognize the signature or initials in this box?

Gary Farro: Which box?

Rebecca Mangold: Below the date and time stamp. I'm sorry.

Gary Farro: Yeah, that is DeWitt Hutchins's signature.

Rebecca Mangold: So is this then the following morning after the account had been opened?

Gary Farro: This is the following morning, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: All right. Let's go back to the top of the page. Can you see the amount of the wire transfer here?

Note: [Displayed]

Gary Farro: $130,000.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you see the last four digits of the Essential Consultants account where the wire would be coming from?

Gary Farro: 1897

Rebecca Mangold: And is that the same account that was just opened the prior day?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, looking at the middle portion of the page. The font is very small, but can you see what's listed in the beneficiary line of the form?

Gary Farro: Yes, I can. It's Keith M. Davidson and Associates PLC Attorney Client Trust Account.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what an Attorney Client Trust Account is?

Gary Farro: It's an account that's held by attorneys on behalf of one of their clients.

Rebecca Mangold: So not going to the attorney directly, it's being held for somebody that they represent?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And if you look at the section called "F. Purpose of Wire Being Sent," what does it say there?

Gary Farro: It says "Retainer."

Rebecca Mangold: Why does the bank ask for the purpose of the wire being sent?

Gary Farro: To ensure that we're not doing anything that would be outside of the scope that we would want to do.

Rebecca Mangold: And who provides the information here?

Gary Farro: That's provided by the client.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is that in this case?

Gary Farro: Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what a retainer is?

Gary Farro: A retainer is money that is given to another individual in advance of business that -- or work that is to be done.

Rebecca Mangold: And is a wire for a retainer to an attorney for the attorney's client consistent with the stated purpose of the account for real estate consulting?

Gary Farro: It certainly could be, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you elaborate on that a little bit more?

Gary Farro: I could only make suggestions on what it could be for, however, a retainer could be held for individuals who are doing appraisals for other parts of the business, doing an analysis on a cash flow statement if it's a multi-family business. There could be a number of things why a retainer would be given from one attorney to another for a real estate transaction.

Rebecca Mangold: And you are basing that from your experience with working with real estate clients?

Gary Farro: Yes, for over 20 years.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, looking at the portion just below this on the form, below the double line. Do you see that fine print above the signature line?

Gary Farro: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What does the first sentence of that say?

Gary Farro: "I/we certify that the information contained herein is true, complete and accurate."

Rebecca Mangold: And do you recognize the signature?

Gary Farro: Yes. "Michael Cohen."

Rebecca Mangold: And what's the date?

Gary Farro: 10/27/2016.

Rebecca Mangold: Are there two more signatures below that?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know who those signatures are from?

Gary Farro: Yes. DeWitt Hutchins and Andrea Wang.

Rebecca Mangold: And are both DeWitt Hutchins and Andrea Wang First Republic Bank personnel?

Gary Farro: Yes. They both worked in the same office.

Rebecca Mangold: And does this indicate that multiple people from the bank had to approve this wire before it was sent out?

Gary Farro: Yes. Wire approval requires certain levels. Each person has a level of allowance, if you will, on what they are allowed to do as a singular signer, and given that it is over $100,000, it requires two signatures.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, turning to Page 3 of the same PDF.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what this is?

Gary Farro: Looks like wire instructions that were provided by Davidson and Associates.

Rebecca Mangold: And who was Davidson and Associates for the purposes of this wire transfer?

Gary Farro: He was the beneficiary of the wire that was being sent by Michael Cohen.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Let's take a look now at what's already in evidence as People's Exhibit 377.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this document?

Gary Farro: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What kind of document is this?

Gary Farro: This is an Outgoing Wire Transfer form. It's an internal document.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look at the top half of the page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Now, what stage in the wire transfer did the bank fill out this form?

Gary Farro: This form is when it's physically input into the system, this is what comes out.

Rebecca Mangold: Is this confirmation that the wire transfer has already gone out?

Gary Farro: I do not see a number on it, however, this is if -- that it has been input. The confirmation would be something different.

Rebecca Mangold: Okay. What is the date and time of this form?

Gary Farro: This is 7:20 a.m., but that's Pacific Time, so it's 10:20 a.m. And it's on 10/27/2016.

Rebecca Mangold: And looking now at the amount and customer name at the top, is this the same wire that we just looked at from Essential Consultants?

Gary Farro: Yes, it appears that way.

Rebecca Mangold: And do you see --

Rebecca Mangold: If we could zoom out.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: There is handwriting on the right side of the page. Do you know what that handwriting is?

Gary Farro: It looks like it has been initialed by Andrea Wang.

Rebecca Mangold: And that's somebody, again, who works at the bank?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Let's turn now to what's already in evidence as People's Exhibit 378.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you describe what this is?

Gary Farro: This is an email from DeWitt Hutchins to Michael Cohen with the confirmation that the wire has been executed and is on its way.

Rebecca Mangold: And based on the time stamp and who the email is to and from what wires, what do you understand this to be a reference to?

Gary Farro: This is the reference to the wire that was being sent to Davidson and Associates.

Rebecca Mangold: And what date and time -- is there a confirmation of the wire that went out?

Gary Farro: 10/27/2016 at 10:50 a.m. Eastern Time, 7:50 a.m. Pacific Time.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Lastly, can we look at People's Exhibit 379 already in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: What type of document is this?

Gary Farro: This is a banking account statement.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it a banking account statement from First Republic Bank?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you look at the top portion of the page, please. What account is this an account statement for?

Gary Farro: Essential Consultants LLC.

Rebecca Mangold: And what are the last four digits of the account number?

Gary Farro: 1897

Rebecca Mangold: Now, if you look above that, there is a portion called "Statement Period." What are the dates of the statement period?

Gary Farro: October 26th, 2016 to October 31st, 2016.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it typical to have a statement period that's only five days?

Gary Farro: No, it's usually a 30-day statement.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know why this is five days?

Gary Farro: Because the cut-off period is -- we would issue a statement regardless of what day you opened it during the month to maintain the schedule of you receiving it the first of every month.

Rebecca Mangold: So did the account exist before October 26th, 2016?

Gary Farro: No. That's why it started on October 26th.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we look at the bottom two-thirds of the page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you explain what is described under "Account Activity?"

Gary Farro: Yes. So you will have the deposits and credits and withdrawals and debits. The first being a deposit from the credit on an advance on the home equity line of credit on 6194 for $131,000. And then on the bottom, a domestic wire transfer to Keith M. Davidson and Associates for $130,000. And then a $35 fee for that transaction.

Rebecca Mangold: And then the date to the left of that $131,000 credit is the same date that Mr. Cohen called you to open the account, right?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And the wire out is on the subsequent day?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: So did all of the Essential Consultants transactions that we just looked at take place in that approximately 24-hour period?

Gary Farro: Yes, it did.

Rebecca Mangold: And that includes opening the account, funding the account with the HELOC, and transferring the wire to Mr. Davidson, right?

Gary Farro: In fact, it starts from an initial phone call to open the account, to funding the account, to the wiring out the money.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, is that timing typical for a real estate transaction?

Gary Farro: It's not atypical. Wires -- you know, real estate transactions for people who own significant amounts of real estate, they like to move very quickly because, opportunistically, it locks it up and that way they can avoid getting other bids, or quickly getting into attorney review, which, essentially, would take it off the market.

Rebecca Mangold: Having now looked at the wire transfer paperwork for the amount, timing and description of the wire, are they all consistent with using this account and sending that wire as a real estate transaction?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And that had to be approved by the bank?

Gary Farro: All wires have to be approved by the bank.

Rebecca Mangold: Did any of the wire transfer paperwork indicate that money was being transferred on behalf of a political candidate?

Gary Farro: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Would the bank's process for approving the wire transfer be different if Mr. Cohen had indicated that the money was being transferred on behalf of a political candidate?

Gary Farro: We would have additional due diligence.

Rebecca Mangold: Would that have delayed the transaction?

Gary Farro: It certainly could.

Rebecca Mangold: Did any of the wire transfer paperwork indicate that money was being transferred to buy the rights to a media story?

Gary Farro: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Would the bank's process for approving the wire be different if Mr. Cohen had indicated that the payment was being made to buy the rights to a media story?

Gary Farro: Possibly, yeah.

Rebecca Mangold: Could that have delayed the transaction?

Gary Farro: It would have because additional questions would have been asked at that time.

Rebecca Mangold: Did any of the wire transfer paperwork indicate that money was being transferred for the payment to an adult film star?

Gary Farro: It did not.

Rebecca Mangold: Would the bank's process for approving the wire be different if Mr. Cohen had indicated that the wire transfer was a payment to an adult film star?

Gary Farro: Yes, there would definitely be enhanced due diligence on that.

Rebecca Mangold: By "enhanced due diligence," you mean further checks by the bank?

Gary Farro: Correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Would that have delayed the transaction?

Gary Farro: It certainly would have.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it possible that the wire wouldn't have been approved at all by the bank?

Gary Farro: Yes. If we -- if it was something like that, we might be -- that our reputation is at risk, and we might not have wanted to send the wire.

Rebecca Mangold: I have no further questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Any cross?

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Cross examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Good morning. How are you?

Gary Farro: Good morning, sir.

Todd Blanche: You -- my name is Todd Blanche. You and I have never met, correct?

Gary Farro: We have not.

Todd Blanche: And you testified on Friday, I believe, that you are here pursuant to a subpoena from the People, but you initially were cooperative and had no reason to not be cooperative with the People, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And you and I have never met before, but you met with the People on several occasions before you testified on Friday and today, correct?

Gary Farro: Please explain what "the People" means?

Todd Blanche: I'm sorry. The folks at this table. Maybe they are not at this table, but folks that worked at the Manhattan District Attorney's office?

Gary Farro: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Approximately how many occasions did you meet with the Manhattan District Attorney's office?

Gary Farro: Twice.

Todd Blanche: When were those occasions?

Gary Farro: Over the last month or two. I don't know the exact dates.

Todd Blanche: So, recently, you met with them twice. But you also met with them last year, didn't you?

Gary Farro: I did not meet with the same people last year.

Todd Blanche: Did you meet with other folks who worked for the Manhattan District Attorney's office last year?

Gary Farro: I did.

Todd Blanche: And even if it wasn't the same people that you met with over the past two months, on how many occasions last year did you meet with the Manhattan District Attorney's office?

Gary Farro: I believe it was one time.

Todd Blanche: Aside from the times you just testified about, so a couple of times this year, one time last year, did you meet with any other law enforcement about the subject of your testimony today?

Gary Farro: Yes, I did.

Todd Blanche: Who?

Gary Farro: The -- I was in Washington to discuss the same matter.

Todd Blanche: In Washington D.C.?

Gary Farro: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And when was that?

Gary Farro: I believe this -- and I could be wrong on the date, it's 2018, '19.

Todd Blanche: And in 2018, '19, on how many occasions did you go to D.C. to meet with the prosecutors?

Gary Farro: I believe it was twice.

Todd Blanche: The same trip or two separate occasions?

Gary Farro: No, two separate occasions.

Todd Blanche: During all of the times that you just talked about, so D.C. on two separate occasions, last year a couple of times -- I'm sorry, last year one time and then this year a couple of times, you were represented by counsel, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes, I was.

Todd Blanche: And you are not paying for your own lawyers, right?

Gary Farro: I am not.

Todd Blanche: Who is paying for your lawyers, Chase?

Gary Farro: Well, when I went to D.C., it was paid by First Republic. And when -- now it's being paid by Flagstone, my new institution.

Todd Blanche: So when -- but Chase took over First Republic after the collapse, I believe you testified, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: So prior to the collapse, First Republic was paying for your lawyers?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And that's because this is completely about your professional job, correct?

Gary Farro: Is it what completely about?

Todd Blanche: That's because the reason why you are testifying has to do with your professional job, nothing to do with anything personal, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: So just to remind everybody, because we had a long weekend, you were at First Republic Bank from 2008 until March of last year, 2023, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And you were promoted along the way, eventually becoming a Senior Managing Director?

Gary Farro: I was promoted even further than that after that, yes.

Todd Blanche: So what were you promoted to after Senior Managing Director?

Gary Farro: Executive Managing Director.

Todd Blanche: So when you left last year, you were Executive Managing Director?

Gary Farro: That's correct, yes.

Todd Blanche: And when you were assigned the Michael Cohen relationship in 2015, at that point you were a Senior Managing Director already?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you didn't do account opening for Mr. Cohen, he was already a First Republic client, correct?

Gary Farro: I didn't do account opening for anyone. I provided advice to clients. I don't do the actual, physical paperwork.

Todd Blanche: But whenever Mr. Cohen was onboarded at First Republic, you were not part of that process?

Gary Farro: Not part of the paperwork process. I would have conversations about the types of accounts and provide advice, but not necessarily on the account opening paperwork.

Todd Blanche: Do you know how long Mr. Cohen had been a First Republic client before you took over the relationship with him?

Gary Farro: I recall 2012 being a possibility of when he established a relationship initially, but I could be wrong.

Todd Blanche: Can we put up what has already been admitted in evidence as People's Exhibit 368, so everybody can take a look at that.

Note: [Displayed]

Todd Blanche: If you -- this is one of the documents that you looked at last week. If we look at, towards the bottom of this document, there is a series of questions at the bottom right. If you see, it says, "Referral source's length of relationship with the bank." And it says, "five years?" And then if we could look at the top of that same document, I believe this document was updated in October of 2016. Do you see that?

Gary Farro: Yes, so that would be 2011.

Todd Blanche: All right. 2011. And, by the way, you have no reason to believe that there is anything inaccurate about that, it's about five years?

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: And so, again, you testified on Friday that when you were given the Mr. Cohen assignment, you were told that Mr. Cohen could be -- was difficult, is that fair?

Gary Farro: Yes. He was a challenging client because of his desire to get things done so quickly.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember the first time you spoke with Mr. Cohen?

Gary Farro: I do.

Todd Blanche: Can you tell us about that?

Gary Farro: Yes. I -- excuse me, pardon me for a second. I was brought to Michael Cohen's office with my boss at the time for an introduction.

Todd Blanche: And that's the office at the Trump Tower?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: So the initial communication with him was in person, but I believe over the course of the relationship, did you mostly talk on the phone with him?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Or meet him in person?

Gary Farro: It was mostly over the phone.

Todd Blanche: That would be not frequently, a few times a year, is that fair?

Gary Farro: Yeah, it was an infrequent thing, you know, it would maybe be three, four times a year.

Todd Blanche: And the types of conversations you would have with him had to do with, for example, opening a new account or having a fee waived or something, some general type of work like that, is that fair?

Gary Farro: Yes, that's correct.

Todd Blanche: You testified that he did a lot of his own business and one of the reasons was because there was actually a branch right across from Trump Tower, is that right?

Gary Farro: Within a short walking distance, yes.

Todd Blanche: And folks there, the Client Services team could handle most of the stuff that Mr. Cohen needed, right?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, you testified that every time you spoke -- well, that when you spoke with Michael Cohen, everything was urgent, is that a fair way to describe it?

Gary Farro: So 90 percent of the time it was an urgent matter, yes.

Todd Blanche: You -- is it true that when you first were assigned Mr. Cohen, your leadership team told you that you were picked to take over the relationship because you were firm with clients?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And that you don't accept any nonsense from clients, correct?

Gary Farro: Well, not that I don't accept any nonsense, it's just that I, I try to rationalize with clients that things -- that certain things aren't as urgent as they may seem.

Todd Blanche: And Mr. Cohen, I believe you said, you believe he's an aggressive guy. He's a fast speaker, someone who is not the easiest guy to work with if you are not familiar with him, is that a fair way to describe it?

Gary Farro: I would say so, yes.

Todd Blanche: And, at least, as of March last year, so March of 2023, Mr. Cohen was still your client, this is before you left First Republic, correct?

Gary Farro: That is not correct.

Todd Blanche: That's not correct, why not?

Gary Farro: No. Once this information came out and was publicized in the paper, I was taken away from the relationship.

Todd Blanche: Can we show the Court, the People and the witness D10, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Todd Blanche: I'm sorry. Not up at the top. Thank you.

Note: [Shown to just the witness, all counsel and the Court.]

Todd Blanche: So do you recall meeting -- I think you talked about not with the prosecutors at this table, but with different prosecutors at the Manhattan District Attorney's office on March 6th of last year?

Gary Farro: Do I remember speaking to -- yes.

Todd Blanche: And if you could just take a look at the first line of that, of what's marked for identification as D10.

Gary Farro: Uh-huh.

Todd Blanche: Can you see if that refreshes your recollection that you told the District Attorney that, unfortunately, Mr. Cohen was still your client?

Gary Farro: What was -- this is 2016. You just asked me about 2023.

Todd Blanche: So in 2023, when you met with the District Attorney, he was not your client?

Gary Farro: In 2023 he was not -- no longer my client.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember the -- so when was he taken away? When was he no longer your client?

Gary Farro: 2017, at some point, once this information went public.

Todd Blanche: So when you say when "this information went public," at some point when something came out about, in part, the transaction that you testified about on direct --

Gary Farro: That's right.

Todd Blanche: -- you were no longer responsible for that relationship?

Gary Farro: They didn't want me to have communication with the client any longer.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Susan Pearce-Bates relieved Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky.]

Todd Blanche: But is it your understanding, and I believe you testified to this on Friday, that if a client has a mortgage with the bank, even if the bank decides to no longer have other business with him, the mortgage will often remain, correct?

Gary Farro: That is correct.

Todd Blanche: Is that true with Mr. Cohen, as far as you know?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Maybe, this is what you were just talking about. Are you familiar with the term de-risk?

Gary Farro: I am not familiar with that term, no.

Todd Blanche: When a bank determines that there is something about a client, or the type of accounts the client wants to have with the banks, they can decide -- the bank can decide to no longer do business with them, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And you testified last week, and a little bit today, that there are any number of types of work or types of clients that First Republic may decide they don't want to do work with, right?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: It could be the client himself or herself, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: It could be the type of business that client is in, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: It could be the types of transactions that are coming through the accounts, incoming, outgoing, depending on the circumstances, correct?

Gary Farro: A hundred percent.

Todd Blanche: And do you know whether that type of analysis was done on Mr. Cohen between the time he started at the bank and 2016?

Gary Farro: I do not know if that analysis was done, no.

Todd Blanche: Is it fair to say that you testified on Friday and today about the KYC documents that Mr. Cohen completed with respect to two LLCs at least, right?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And isn't that KYC process designed, at least in part, to identify red flags or identify what we were just talking about, something about the customer or something about the business or something about the account, that maybe would make the bank decide they didn't want to do business?

Gary Farro: Yes, it wouldn't indicate transaction.

Todd Blanche: Say that again.

Gary Farro: It just wouldn't indicate transaction activity to be referenced.

Todd Blanche: Understood. Now, if we can pull up what's already in evidence as People's Exhibit 368, and this can be shown to everybody. This is something that you testified about on Friday, I believe. This is a KYC form for Essential Consultants, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes, it is.

Todd Blanche: And you didn't complete this with Mr. Cohen, Mr. Hutchins did, is that right?

Gary Farro: That's right.

Todd Blanche: And you -- what was your business relationship with Mr. Hutchins?

Gary Farro: He worked in one of the offices. So, at times he would service my clientele.

Todd Blanche: Was there something unique between your relationship with Mr. Hutchins, or did you have folks like Mr. Hutchins all over?

Gary Farro: I had folks like Mr. Hutchins at all of the offices.

Todd Blanche: Is it because of his location near Trump Tower that Mr. Hutchins was involved in the Michael Cohen relationship?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And if we can look at page two of this document, please. There is a narrative, a business narrative, that's discussed. If we can just blow that up. And it says, Michael Cohen is opening Essential Consultants as a real estate consulting company to collect fees for investment consulting work he does in real estate deals.

Todd Blanche: Do you see that?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember at the time having any concerns about Mr. Cohen's description of this business narrative?

Gary Farro: No, it seemed consistent with what he did on his own activity.

Todd Blanche: And to be clear, the work that Mr. Cohen is describing as a consultant would be separate from the work he was doing, for whatever he was doing, for the Trump Organization, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Right. Like, President Donald Trump didn't bank with First Republic, as far as you know, right?

Gary Farro: I wouldn't know. We can only see the clients we do business with.

Todd Blanche: He did not do business with you?

Gary Farro: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And Mr. Cohen, who did do business with you, never told you that a deal he was doing, he was doing with Donald J. Trump or the Trump Organization, that would be separate, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes, it would.

Todd Blanche: Indeed, if he had said, this is a deal I am doing with my employer, you may have asked questions?

Gary Farro: I would have asked questions.

Todd Blanche: And that didn't happen?

Gary Farro: That did not happen.

Todd Blanche: But you understood at the time as you testified, I believe, that Mr. Cohen did do work, real estate work at least, and consulting work that was separate and apart from his job at the Trump Organization, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And, by the way, your basis for knowing that is Mr. Cohen, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: What I mean by that, you don't go out and do an internal investigation of Mr. Cohen's real estate deals, he tells you and you accept it, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And there is nothing wrong with you doing that?

Gary Farro: I couldn't infringe upon and ask any further questions on that.

Todd Blanche: I think you testified you had 1800 clients, is that right, over the time?

Gary Farro: Approximately, yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, I want to focus a little bit more on October 2016, which you testified about Friday and again this morning. You recall having several phone calls with Mr. Cohen in those few weeks in October 2016?

Gary Farro: Thirteen to 26, yes.

Todd Blanche: And that's different from your relationship with him the rest of the time?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So the initial LLC was never funded, never opened, Resolution Consultants, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: Do you know why?

Gary Farro: I have no idea why.

Todd Blanche: Does it matter why?

Gary Farro: It doesn't matter.

Todd Blanche: Meaning, if a client comes to you and says, I have a new LLC, and I want to open an account, and they complete the KYC, but, ultimately, the account never opens, that doesn't alert you? That doesn't raise, necessarily, a red flag, does it?

Gary Farro: It's not a red flag.

Todd Blanche: And then, as you testified today, a week or so later in October of 2016, Mr. Cohen called you and said he wanted to open an account. Was that the day that you were golfing?

Gary Farro: Yes, it was, sir.

Todd Blanche: We are all jealous. And so, but that didn't really matter because you can go across the street and do everything you would have done on the phone?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And you have a team, Ms. Rappaport and you had folks there helping you make things happen?

Gary Farro: I have several team members, yes.

Todd Blanche: And, again, if we can put up Exhibit, already in evidence, 371, if we can go to the second page first, and then the next page. This is, again, the various documentation associated with the LLC that ultimately was founded, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And on page two, there are some questions about whether, I believe, standard questions about whether he is acting as an agent for anybody. And Mr. Cohen answered, no, to that, right?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And if he had answered, yes, that would have potentially raised more questions?

Gary Farro: Well, not only would it raise more questions, it would require more paperwork.

Todd Blanche: What type of paperwork?

Gary Farro: We would have to know. We would have to determine exactly who he was acting as agent for.

Todd Blanche: And by, know, just have him tell you, or would there have to be --

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: -- proof, documentation?

Gary Farro: Documentation.

Todd Blanche: So, it's not just a conversation. It is, actually, collecting additional documentation from Mr. Cohen and the agent?

Gary Farro: We would have to ensure that he is not working with a person of interest.

Todd Blanche: And you testified on Friday about -- the prosecutors asked you about what your understanding of a shell corporation is. Do you remember those questions?

Gary Farro: I do.

Todd Blanche: And I believe you testified that it is an entity that's opened up to receive monies and send out wires and doesn't have an actual business behind it?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Correct?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: You have no reason to believe, or you didn't at the time, that Mr. Cohen was opening up this LLC to be a shell corporation, did you?

Gary Farro: I don't open up shell corporations. I open up LLC accounts that have operating businesses. And if a client had told me that this would be a shell corporation, the account would not have been opened.

Todd Blanche: Why is that?

Gary Farro: Because it's -- shell corporations that have no business behind them would give me pause. Very frankly, I would want to understand what the purpose of simply opening an account to simply send out wires would be.

Todd Blanche: So, your expectation from your client is that when they open an account, whether it be a LLC or otherwise, it would not be a shell corporation, it would be something in business?

Gary Farro: There would only be one purpose that I would open up an account that had very little activity on it, and that would be LLC ownership of a home or a yacht or aircraft or something along those lines. And the purpose of that ownership would be to remain anonymous, simply because any type of mortgage on that document or a mortgage taken against that becomes a public record.

Todd Blanche: But an LLC could also be for a business, correct?

Gary Farro: They are commonly used for businesses.

Todd Blanche: So, if Mr. Cohen says he is opening a consulting business or a law firm, that wouldn't raise any red flags to you either?

Gary Farro: Not at all.

Todd Blanche: And, indeed, that's what he said he was doing, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: Did you -- so, if we can put up Exhibit 366, which is already in evidence, and I would like to turn to paragraph eight, the first page, so we can see it. So, you were shown this document on Friday, and then if we can turn to page eight with the Bates number ending 94230. And then if we can just blow up the middle, please.

Todd Blanche: You were asked a question on Friday, and then you were asked a series of questions today about the boxes that were checked on forms like this, both this one, and then also the one that was later completed for the other LLC. And you were asked about question 12, is this entity associated with political fundraising, Political Action Committees, PACs, and the box is checked no, right?

Todd Blanche: Do you remember those questions?

Gary Farro: I do.

Todd Blanche: So there is a series of other questions that we are looking at on the screen now, all of which say, no, for each of those questions, including the highlighted one. If the answer is, yes, it doesn't mean the LLC won't be opened, does it?

Gary Farro: It does not.

Todd Blanche: It just means that there is going to be some sort of follow-up question from you or from your Compliance Department or something like that, correct?

Gary Farro: That's correct. But I do want to clarify one thing, if I may.

Todd Blanche: Yes, please, sir.

Gary Farro: If the box is checked, yes, referring to, Persons/Entities Found on the OFAC/SDN List, that would be a hard no.

Todd Blanche: Can you -- can you just indicate what you are referring to, sir?

Gary Farro: Underneath 16A, to the right, you will see, on the OFAC/SDN list. I would like to be concise. If they were on the OFAC list, we would not open that account. That would be totally non-optional.

Todd Blanche: Understood. So there are some boxes that could be checked and would likely be fatal to the LLC opening an account with your bank?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Fair. That makes sense. You were asked questions this morning about whether you would have had a different reaction to the accounts if you had known, or if you were told that the account was going to be used for some sort of political activity or political fundraising, correct?

Gary Farro: Correct.

Todd Blanche: You weren't told that, were you?

Gary Farro: No, I was not.

Todd Blanche: As far as you knew, at the time from your communications with your team that were communicating with Mr. Cohen, and from Mr. Cohen himself, that wasn't the purpose of this LLC?

Gary Farro: That's not what he told me or my team.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall -- I want to move forward a little bit to 2017.

Gary Farro: Okay.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall on March 2, 2017, that you emailed Mr. Cohen at his Trump Organization email address and received a bounce-back saying, as of January 20th, Mr. Cohen had accepted the role as personal counsel to President Donald J. Trump? Do you recall that?

Gary Farro: I do recall that, yes.

Todd Blanche: Was that email bounce-back on March 17, 2017, the first time you learned that Mr. Cohen had left the Trump Organization to be President Trump's personal lawyer?

Gary Farro: No, it, actually, was sent errantly.

Todd Blanche: Say that again.

Gary Farro: That email was sent errantly.

Todd Blanche: Putting aside the reason for why the email was sent, my question to you was, when you received the bounce back, was that the first time you learned that Mr. Cohen had left the Trump Organization?

Gary Farro: Oh, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, up until -- so between -- well, up until March 21st of 2017, you didn't know anything about whether Mr. Cohen was still at the Trump Organization or where he was working?

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: And then, do you recall a series of communications and emails a little bit later in 2017, in March and April, when a new account was being opened for Mr. Cohen's new law firm?

Gary Farro: I do not recall that.

Todd Blanche: If we can just show, and not to the jury, but just to the witness, the Court and the People and us, D13.

Gary Farro: Okay.

Todd Blanche: If you can take a look at D13, and take your time. It is a couple --

Gary Farro: This refreshes my memory.

Todd Blanche: So, does that refresh your recollection that around the same time as that errant email was sent --

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: -- you opened an account, or you and your team, opened an account for Mr. Cohen and his new law firm?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And I know your memory has just been refreshed, but do you recall, now that it has been refreshed, having any concerns at any time about this new account being opened by Mr. Cohen?

Gary Farro: No, he is a lawyer opening a new law firm account.

Todd Blanche: Now, are you familiar with the term PEP?

Gary Farro: Politically Exposed Person.

Todd Blanche: Yes. Can you tell the jury -- are you familiar with that term?

Gary Farro: I am.

Todd Blanche: Can you tell the jury what a Politically Exposed Person, a PEP, is?

Gary Farro: It's someone who has either held office, is in office or is related to, or very close to, someone in office.

Todd Blanche: When you say, in office, are there different types of PEPs, international and domestic?

Gary Farro: Yes, there is.

Todd Blanche: So, when you were just talking about someone who held office, do you mean a domestic PEP is someone elected to serve as a Congressman, Senator, State Senator, President of the United States, that sort of thing?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, as -- if Mr. Cohen is a personal attorney to President Donald Trump in 2017, in your view, would that make him a PEP?

Gary Farro: As the attorney for him, I would not consider that a PEP.

Todd Blanche: So, are you aware that the definition of a PEP, domestic PEP, includes any close associates or any individual publicly known or known by the financial institution to be a close, personal, professional associate?

Gary Farro: I was not aware of that.

Todd Blanche: Now, if you had been aware, or if you had considered that, what's the process, or what was the process when you were working there to identify or look into whether somebody should be identified as a PEP by the bank?

Rebecca Mangold: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Gary Farro: That would bring it up to the second level, BSA/AML.

Todd Blanche: So, the BSA/AML, the second layer that you testified about on Friday, the Compliance Department, would presumably ask questions of you or ask questions of the client?

Gary Farro: They will -- well, they would ask both. They wouldn't go directly to the client. They would come through me, typically. But in some cases they would speak directly to the client to understand how deep of a relationship it is and if that could, potentially, put us at risk in any way.

Todd Blanche: Have you, to the best of your knowledge, ever had a client who was a PEP?

Gary Farro: I have.

Todd Blanche: So what types of safeguards or traps are put around an account or relationship of a PEP?

Gary Farro: The accounts are monitored pretty closely to ensure that activity is not going in any way that would put us at risk.

Todd Blanche: Is the monitoring -- can you explain to the jury what you mean by that?

Gary Farro: Transaction activity monitoring, limits are done on all accounts, but there would be an added layer on this.

Todd Blanche: So, algorithms and whatnot that are behind the scenes, and also, of course, the limits of the first line of defense as well?

Gary Farro: As well as a second line of defense. We would continue to monitor that account.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall an email from Mr. Cohen to you, again, we are moving a little further along to September of 2017, saying, on September 1st, where he said that he needed to speak with you, important, asking when you are free?

Gary Farro: September 30th?

Todd Blanche: September 1, 2017?

Gary Farro: I do not.

Todd Blanche: Do you have any idea, as you sit here today, whether you spoke with him on that day?

Gary Farro: I do not recall.

Todd Blanche: And you don't recall then, I assume, what any conversation was about?

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall any communications with Mr. Cohen besides what you testified today about in March 2017? Since March, April, 2017, do you recall any other conversations with Mr. Cohen?

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: You testified earlier today about the HELOC and the money moving into Mr. Cohen's account, opening the account and it all happening pretty quickly, correct?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And I believe you testified that for real estate transactions that's not necessarily unusual?

Gary Farro: It's not unusual. It's not every time, but it's not unusual.

Todd Blanche: But it is not just real estate transactions, right, that would also be true of other types of contracts, such as purchasing a yacht which you testified?

Gary Farro: A yacht, an aircraft, for -- there are many different reasons why clients came to us and why they work with us is our ability to execute transactions quickly.

Todd Blanche: Correct. But I am focused more on the speed and the way that this happened with Mr. Cohen where he calls you, you send him to Mr. Hutchins, and literally within a day, the account is opened, the account is funded and a wire going out. My question is that, that could be the case for all kinds of contractual transactions between your client and another party, correct?

Gary Farro: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And the safeguards you testified about today, asking the client why the wire is going to be sent, and from the paperwork it looks like Mr. Cohen says, retainer?

Gary Farro: It says, retainer. It is domestic as well so that's what makes it easier to do.

Todd Blanche: The location that the wire is being sent, so in this case, to a law firm, correct, that would also be something that you would look at?

Gary Farro: Yes, I mean, it happens a thousand times a day.

Todd Blanche: And my point is this, my point is, at the time, in October 2016, nothing about the way this account was opened, funded or the wire that was sent out, at the time, raised any red flags to you, correct?

Gary Farro: Not based upon the answers that I was given for the questions I asked.

Todd Blanche: And similarly to your team, if one of them had a red flag from -- if Ms. Rappaport had a concern from her communications with Mr. Cohen, she would have raised that to you?

Gary Farro: That would have been brought to my attention and the process would have been delayed.

Todd Blanche: And that did not happen?

Gary Farro: That did not happen.

Todd Blanche: Can I just have one moment, your Honor?

Note: [Whereupon, defense counsel confer.]

Todd Blanche: And I think we talked a little bit about this earlier, about Mr. Cohen's relationship working for the Trump Organization and his relationship with you. You never had any communications with him about Donald Trump himself, did you?

Gary Farro: I did not.

Todd Blanche: And you have never spoken with Donald Trump yourself, have you?

Gary Farro: I have not.

Todd Blanche: No more questions, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Any redirect?

Rebecca Mangold: Just a little bit, your Honor.

Note: [Redirect examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Now, Mr. Farro, you just testified that at a certain point the bank took away the client relationship from you and that Mr. Cohen's accounts were largely closed at First Republic Bank, is that correct?

Gary Farro: The accounts that we could close were closed, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you describe the circumstances of that to the jury?

Gary Farro: Yes, when -- we have the optionality to close the account at any time we chose not to be attached to what we consider to be negative press. When we saw negative press, we chose to close the accounts which we could, which are the operational bank accounts. We cannot close out a mortgage, simply because you can't expect the client to pay it off in full.

Gary Farro: So, we maintained the mortgage accounts and closed out the bank accounts.

Rebecca Mangold: And what is the negative press you are referring to here?

Gary Farro: The Stormy Daniels, the one that came out.

Rebecca Mangold: And was that the first time that the bank learned the true nature of those transactions that we discussed?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Rebecca Mangold: Was Mr. Cohen's accounts, other than his mortgage account, closed because the bank learned of the true nature of those transactions?

Gary Farro: Well, once the client does not be completely honest with us, we choose not to do business with them going forward.

Rebecca Mangold: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: Anything else, Mr. Blanche?

Todd Blanche: Just very brief.

Note: [Cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: So, just to understand, were you part of the decision to close the accounts that could be closed with Mr. Cohen?

Gary Farro: I don't make those decisions.

Todd Blanche: No, you were not part of those decisions?

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: You were informed that the decision was made?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you -- do you have any reason to believe that when that decision was made, it had anything to do with anything other than the public pressure reports about what you just testified?

Gary Farro: That was my understanding.

Todd Blanche: And, if true -- and, by the way, you have no personal knowledge of whether it is true or not, do you?

Gary Farro: No.

Todd Blanche: If true, that would have meant, potentially, that there wasn't appropriate due diligence done by the bank at the time, right?

Rebecca Mangold: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Gary Farro: I don't know if that's a fair statement.

Todd Blanche: Well --

Gary Farro: Due diligence is done prior to an account being opened. After a transaction happens, it goes from one lawyer to another lawyer. I can't be expected to know where it is going to end up after that.

Todd Blanche: Understood. And the decision that was made to exit from the relationship, with the exception of the mortgage, was done by, is it fair to say, compliance folks at the bank?

Gary Farro: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And not by you?

Gary Farro: It was not. The decision was not mine.

Todd Blanche: Thank you. No more questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Rebecca Mangold: Nothing further, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, sir, you can step down.

Juan Merchan: Jurors, let's take our morning recess. Please remember to follow my instructions.

Court Officer: All rise.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Please be seated. People, is there anything you need to go over?

Joshua Steinglass: Is this the time that you would like us to take up some of those outstanding issues?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Joshua Steinglass: Briefly, the parties did confer. I am handing up to the Court -- do you need another copy of this? I am handing up to the Court some proposed redactions as to Exhibit 171. The items that are circled in red, those are items that we have agreed to redact beyond what is already blacked out. The three tabbed red items are the remaining points of contention.

Joshua Steinglass: We did reach a lot of progress on this.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: So, would you like me to talk about three?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, the first item in contention is on line 38909, in which Gina Rodriguez says she stopped it a long time ago because he threatened to sue me. Then the next one is on October 19th, and this is in the midst of, you can tell from the context here, in the midst of negotiations over the Stormy Daniels deal and kind of delays that were perceived as happening by Michael Cohen, that Ms. Rodriguez tells Dylan Howard, quote, very shady shit is going on.

Juan Merchan: What line are you on?

Joshua Steinglass: It's 39540. That's on page 10.

Todd Blanche: Second from the bottom.

Juan Merchan: I see it.

Joshua Steinglass: And then, finally, on page 11, and this is -- both of these are within about a week of the execution of the contract between Stormy Daniels and Mr. Trump. Yes, he is sending what she signed with Trump so he can get the story out with Fox this morning and nobody else would be afraid. Daily Mail is scared of Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: This is on 39551 is the line for that and is the third tab. So, as I believe your Honor has, and will continue to instruct the jury, the Rodriguez portions of -- Ms. Rodriguez is not alleged to be a co-conspirator in this case. So, her texts are only coming in to contextualize Dylan Howard's texts. And Dylan Howard clearly is a co-conspirator in this case.

Joshua Steinglass: We have no problem with the limiting instructions. We are not trying to argue the truth of the statements contained in Ms. Rodriguez's texts, but they do contextualize, A, what was going on in terms of the transactions and the negotiations at the time, and also Mr. Howard's responses. Of all of these three, we can, and I actually communicated this with Mr. Blanche, we can live without number one, if they feel so strongly about it. But I do think that the others are very relevant and very timely in terms of that being fact, that they are happening within a week or so of the transaction being finalized.

Joshua Steinglass: So those are the ones we could not agree on.

Todd Blanche: We feel very strongly about all three. I think what we have done to try to appreciate your Honor's ruling, there are two -- and Ms. Rodriguez is not alleged to be an accomplice, and the only reason these are coming in is to provide, as the People just said, context. And so, with the first one, there is just no -- there is just no necessary reason to include that for context.

Todd Blanche: So, it's not being offered for the truth. The very small potential, you know, benefit of it providing context, in our view, is greatly outweighed by the potential for the jury to have confusion and take it for the wrong reason, even with a limited instruction. That is the exact same reason for the other one as well.

Todd Blanche: If you read all the texts and with all the evidence that has been permitted about what's happening in that week, no context is necessary in that situation given the risks that they are going to -- the jury would take, very shady shit is going on, for improper reasons. Who knows why she said it. We can all guess and speculate, but that's why it shouldn't come in. And then the last, your Honor, look, we don't think it should come in at all.

Todd Blanche: We certainly do not think the last sentence in the clause of the first sentence should come in at the end of it. So, yes, he is sending what she signed with Trump so we can get the story out with Fox this morning, and then no one will be afraid. And the Daily Mail is scared of Trump. I mean, that's a hearsay statement that provides no context to the rest of the text exchange.

Todd Blanche: So, that's -- we did agree on virtually everything. That's our very strong belief that those should be excluded as well.

Juan Merchan: All right. I will rule after the break. Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: And just on this redaction topic, we did agree on the proposed redactions to People's 163, which was the email involving Dino Sajudin. And so, we will swap out the version that's admitted into evidence with the redacted version. And, finally, we agreed to withdraw People's 170, which had, basically, one line that was not coming in for the truth, and we agreed to remove that exhibit.

Joshua Steinglass: So we are withdrawing that exhibit.

Juan Merchan: Is it possible to pull that exhibit up just on my monitor?

Joshua Steinglass: We can do it.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: And I believe there are two additional applications that Mr. Colangelo has if you want to entertain them at this time.

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Matthew Colangelo: First, in light of the Court's order this morning, holding the defendant in criminal contempt for nine willful violations of the Court's April 1st Order, the People wish to give supplemental Sandoval notice that if the defendant testifies in this trial, the People will seek to cross-examine him on those findings.

Matthew Colangelo: We are not asking to be heard further now on this issue, but we would like to give notice to the Court and defense counsel as soon as possible so that if the defense intends to ask the Court to limit or prohibit cross-examination on any those nine willful violations, the Court can schedule a Sandoval hearing at the Court's convenience and we will be prepared to address the remaining issues.

Juan Merchan: Would you like to be heard briefly?

Todd Blanche: I haven't read the Decision yet. We very much want to be heard, not right now.

Juan Merchan: Okay. You have time to read the Decision.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you, your Honor. The second matter relates to one of the Court's pretrial evidentiary rulings that the Court asked the People to re-raise at an appropriate point. We think now is not that point, but soon is the appropriate point. This relates to the People's request to introduce evidence regarding the defendant's attempt to dissuade witnesses, including Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels, through a public pressure campaign, retaliation, harassing comments, including in public remarks and online.

Matthew Colangelo: The Court originally held in its Order on the People's motions in limine, reserved the item pending an offer of proof. We made the offer of proof on April 15th. The Court held at that time that the evidence regarding the intimidation and pressure campaign was probative for multiple purposes, including the defendant's guilty conscious and to explain witnesses changing their position, but the Court excluded that evidence subject to the defense opening the door.

Matthew Colangelo: And the Court -- I believe the Court said the issue might well be academic because the defense was likely to open the door. We believe the defense did, in fact, as your Honor predicted, open the door in opening statements last week, and they did so in the opening statement in several ways. Counsel stated that the evidence would show that Mr. Cohen was previously loyal and defended the defendant on television, publicly and privately.

Matthew Colangelo: And then, after getting caught in 2018, Mr. Cohen made the decision to blame the defendant for his problems, and he is an admitted liar, and that's at pages 899 to 900. Defense counsel also said the evidence would show that Mr. Cohen's expected testimony can't be believed because his goal is to go on television and social media and his entire financial livelihood depends on attacking the defendant.

Matthew Colangelo: The defense made a similar or same assertions as to Stormy Daniels, another expected witness, stating that the evidence would show that she previously denied an improper relationship in writing, and that she was now making a living off of the defendant by talking about her interactions with him, including through a book and a documentary.

Matthew Colangelo: All of those assertions that defense counsel made in the opening statement about what the evidence would show regarding the credibility of those witnesses are precisely the kinds of arguments or assertions that your Honor predicted the defense would make and stated, would open the door to the People being allowed to elicit evidence regarding the defendant's efforts to keep them in the fold, keep Mr. Cohen in the fold originally, followed by subsequent harassment online.

Matthew Colangelo: So we ask the Court -- I am sorry. When the Court made that ruling on April 15th, the Court said the People should bring this back to me if at any point you believe that the defense has opened the door. So we ask the Court, in light of the opening statements, to hold that the People may introduce evidence to offset the defense claim that these witnesses are somehow benefiting from their willingness to testify to explain why both witnesses initially denied certain facts and now acknowledge those facts and as evidence of the defendant's consciousness of guilt.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, at the very least, there should be a proffer beyond just we are going to elicit all of this information about a pressure campaign and what the questions will be. We certainly opened the door that we will expose bias by Mr. Cohen and by other witnesses, for sure, and we intend to cross-examine witnesses about their bias, including their financial motivation in testifying the way they are today.

Todd Blanche: That's different in kind than eliciting -- well, depending on what the questions will be, questions about a pressure campaign, because of public tweets or Truths by President Trump at the time, and presumably now. So, before we -- before your Honor rules, we would ask the People to proffer what it is, specifically, they intend to elicit from the witnesses or extrinsically prove regarding this and go from there.

Juan Merchan: Well, if the door has been opened, I think we will know what they are going to ask when they ask it, and if there is an objection, you can make your objection, unless the People would like to disclose what it is.

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, the evidence that we will offer is the evidence that Mr. Steinglass presented during the offer of proof that we made to your Honor on April 15th. That was -- that's recorded in the transcript on April 15th, I believe, starting at page 41 and going through your Honor's ruling at 58. In that colloquy, the People disclosed and -- described broadly and disclosed half a dozen or more exhibits that we intend to elicit as part of the pressure campaign and the intimidation effort.

Matthew Colangelo: We also described it at length in our February 22nd motion in limine describing the Molineux information that we intended to bring out. So, we are happy to bring those exhibits up again to the extent your Honor wishes to see them again. It's the evidence and the discussion of that evidence that we presented on April 15th.

Juan Merchan: Could you go over that one more time, the three purposes you want to elicit this?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes. First, is to offset the defense claim that the witnesses are benefiting from their willingness to testify. And by showing, to rebut that claim, that, in fact, their cooperation with law enforcement has harmed them more than it has helped them. Your Honor will remember that in explaining the allowable use of this evidence for that purpose, my colleague mentioned the People versus Edwards case and handed it up on April 15th to the Court.

Matthew Colangelo: The second purpose is to explain why both witnesses initially denied certain facts and have now acknowledged those facts. And the third purpose is as evidence of the defendant's consciousness of guilt. And if I can just direct your Honor's attention to the transcript -- to the transcript of the April 15th proceeding, starting at page 56. Your Honor already observed following the People's proffer of that evidence, quote, you can't dispute that virtually everything that you put up is probative of something to some degree, whether it is consciousness of guilt to explain Mr. Cohen's turnaround to offset allegations that the witness is somehow benefiting from this.

Matthew Colangelo: So, your Honor recognized those purposes that the People should not elicit anything until the defense opened the door, and our point now is that it is clear that the opening statements opened the door wide.

Juan Merchan: Can you go ahead and articulate what the consciousness of guilt would be? What was it about these actions that goes to consciousness of guilt?

Matthew Colangelo: Sure. So, your Honor, public statements, and the public statements, in particular, that we are thinking of are comments regarding Michael Cohen during early 2018, immediately after the FBI raid and seizure of his devices, and the raid of his homes, saying things like, some people may flip if they are put under pressure, but Michael Cohen is not that kind of person.

Matthew Colangelo: Followed immediately after, he plead guilty in August of 2018, by other public statements that changed his tune entirely. Then he said things like, if anybody is looking for a good lawyer, Michael Cohen is not your person. I am paraphrasing. But it's in the tweets referring to Paul Manafort, and saying, Paul Manafort will never crack, unlike other people who will flip if the government puts them under pressure.

Matthew Colangelo: So that's evidence of a coordinated effort to bolster the witness and to prevent him from cooperating by saying nice things about him publicly, and as soon as he began cooperating, attacking him, which is classic evidence of consciousness of guilt by intimidating and attacking a witness.

Juan Merchan: Go on.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, consciousness of guilt is much different than what the People just described. Consciousness of guilt would allow the People to say, how do you know that he is guilty, Ladies and Gentlemen? Well, look what he did on this day which shows consciousness of guilt. The idea that President Trump was somehow feeling guilty or consciousness of guilt about the indictment in this case, when he was speaking about Michael Cohen and pleading guilty in the Southern District of New York to crimes that Presidents Trump isn't charged with and never was charged with, doesn't work, right.

Todd Blanche: Meaning that there are 34 counts here of falsifying business records. There is -- the statements that President Trump made at the time of leading up to, and at the time of Michael Cohen's guilty plea were not consciousness of guilt of anything happening in this courtroom. And the risk that the jury will hear that and use it for an improper purpose is huge, right.

Todd Blanche: Is it frustrating to have your lawyer plead guilty and publicly say he is going to cooperate and testify against you? Of course. And similarly, statements along the way encouraging his lawyer not to is not surprising either. Consciousness of guilt is of a different order. Consciousness of guilt would be President Trump doing something as it relates to the charges in this case that would show his motivation for doing it was to cover something up that would show that he is guilty.

Todd Blanche: So, with respect to the other proffered reasons for some of this testimony to counter financial benefits to Mr. Cohen and Ms. Daniels and to explain why they changed their story, that makes sense. And I think they are going to talk about that on direct, but consciousness of guilt is of a different order, in our view.

Juan Merchan: Do you need a ruling on this?

Matthew Colangelo: We don't need a ruling today, but understanding your Honor's view by Thursday will help us plan the presentation of the rest of the case.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. See you in a few minutes.

Court Officer: All rise.

Note: [A Short recess is taken.]

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All parties are present.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Blanche, I will ask you again, let's try to keep it very short because we took a lot of time deciding issues, and I don't want to keep the jury waiting. Let's do better. I am prepared to rule on a couple of issues raised beforehand. Are you ready to argue Sandoval?

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, can we argue that at another time?

Juan Merchan: Sure. With regard to the transcripts, I agree with the defense that these are exchanges between a co-conspirator and someone who is not a co-conspirator saying pretty prejudicial things, and I don't really think they serve a purpose. So, I am going to rule with the defense, that those must stay out. Regarding the defense opening the door, I think going through the words by the defense, they mostly concede they opened the door.

Juan Merchan: The question is as to what, what can you use that for. I agree that it opened the door, and you can use it to explain what I will describe as a lot of back and forth amongst the main witnesses. Also, you can use it to reply or explain that they have not made as much money as the defense would have people think.

Juan Merchan: At this point, I don't believe that it really goes to consciousness of guilt. So, I am going to deny that request. They can use it for the first two reasons, not for the third.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. Just to confirm, Judge, 171A is in. It's just the three texts we talked about that have to be redacted?

Juan Merchan: That's right. Thank you both for working that out. I appreciate it. Can we bring the jury in? Let's get the jury, please.

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter, Susan Pearce-Bates, was relieved by Senior Court Reporter, Theresa Magniccari.]

Juan Merchan: There was one issue that was raised on the break. One of the jurors, I believe it was Juror Number 9, asked the sergeant if we were going to be working Friday before Memorial Day. Apparently, she has a flight at 11 o'clock in the morning. That is May 24th. Is there any objection from either side to not working that day so that this juror can remain with us?

Joshua Steinglass: No objection.

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Court Clerk: Continued case on trial, People versus Donald J. Trump. All parties and all jurors are present.

Juan Merchan: Before we call the next witness, I did want to go over two scheduling matters. I was informed by the sergeant that one of the jurors was asking whether we're going to work on the Friday before Memorial Day. Apparently, that juror has travel plans and they have a flight at 11. I was intending to work that day.

Juan Merchan: Given that one of the jurors is not able to join us, we will go ahead and take that day off. That is May 24th. We will also not be working on May 17th. May 17th and May 24th. Thank you. Please call your next witness.

Rebecca Mangold: The People call Dr. Robert Browning.

Court Officer: Remain standing. Raise your right hand.

Court Clerk: Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are going to give before this Court and jury shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, do you so swear or affirm?

Robert Browning: I do.

Court Clerk: Have a seat.

Note: [D.R. R-O-B-E-R-T B-R-O-W-N-I-N-G, called as a witness on behalf of the People, was duly sworn by the Clerk of the Court, upon being examined, testified as follows.]

Court Officer: Pull your chair all the way up. State your full name, spelling your last name.

Robert Browning: My name is Robert X. Browning, B-R-O-W-N-I-N-G.

Court Officer: County of residence?

Robert Browning: Thibodaux County, Louisiana.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, Doctor. You may inquire.

Note: [Direct examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Good morning, Dr. Browning. I am going to ask you to speak slowly into the microphone in front of you so the Court Reporter can take down what you are saying. Can you tell everyone where you work?

Robert Browning: I work for C-Span.

Rebecca Mangold: What is your position at C-Span?

Robert Browning: Executive Director of the C-Span Archives.

Rebecca Mangold: How long have you held that position?

Robert Browning: Thirty-seven years.

Rebecca Mangold: Have you ever testified in a legal proceeding before?

Robert Browning: No, I have not.

Rebecca Mangold: Are you nervous?

Robert Browning: A little bit.

Rebecca Mangold: We can take it slowly. If you need me to repeat a question, I am happy to do that. Do you understand that you are testifying today solely as a custodian of records for C-Span?

Robert Browning: Yes, I do.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you travel from Louisiana for the purpose of testifying today?

Robert Browning: Yes. Yes, I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Is C-Span testifying at this trial voluntarily or was C-Span compelled to testify because it received a subpoena?

Robert Browning: C-Span was compelled to testify with a subpoena.

Rebecca Mangold: Is C-Span represented by counsel?

Robert Browning: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that counsel here today?

Robert Browning: Yes, he is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell the jury a little bit more about C-Span. What does C-Span stand for?

Robert Browning: C-Span, Cable Satellite Public Affairs Network.

Rebecca Mangold: What is C-Span?

Robert Browning: C-Span is a public television network to telecast events in their entirety.

Rebecca Mangold: As Executive Director of the C-Span Archives, what do you do?

Robert Browning: I mainly collect video that is aired on the network.

Rebecca Mangold: In that role, have you become familiar with C-Span's business and recordkeeping practices?

Robert Browning: Yes, I have.

Rebecca Mangold: Based on your, I think it was 37 years of experience with videos and political events, are you able to recognize prominent political figures in videos?

Robert Browning: Yes, I can.

Rebecca Mangold: Does that include Donald Trump?

Robert Browning: Yes, it does.

Rebecca Mangold: As part of its business, does C-Span air political events on TV?

Robert Browning: Yes, it does.

Rebecca Mangold: How does C-Span get the video footage for the events that it airs?

Robert Browning: In a couple of ways. One, we would send our own cameras to events. Two, we would use what is known as a network pool.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you explain to the jury what a network pool is?

Robert Browning: When there is an event that sponsors want to limit the number of cameras or everyone wants to get the same video, the networks, which are the major broadcasting cable networks, pool together their resources and send one crew.

Rebecca Mangold: Does that crew include a camera operator?

Robert Browning: Yes, it does.

Rebecca Mangold: And when there is a camera operator from the network pool assigned to an event, is that camera operator physically at the event?

Robert Browning: Yes, that is true.

Rebecca Mangold: Does the camera operator record the event in realtime as it is occurring?

Robert Browning: Yes, that's the obligation.

Rebecca Mangold: Does the pool camera operator have a business duty to record that event accurately?

Robert Browning: Yes, because C-Span wants the entire event.

Rebecca Mangold: How does C-Span ensure that the video that it is getting is the correct video?

Robert Browning: Once the event is taking place, there is a producer who watches the video from the beginning to the end and makes sure there are no interruptions in the transmission.

Rebecca Mangold: Does a producer watching the video come in whether or not the video is being aired live on C-Span?

Robert Browning: That is true.

Rebecca Mangold: Is the video camera equipment tested before an event?

Robert Browning: Yes, they make sure there is a valid signal, they would say the signal is good.

Rebecca Mangold: That's a signal test?

Robert Browning: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there also an audio test?

Robert Browning: Yes, they will make sure there is solid audio coming through the event.

Rebecca Mangold: That's for every event?

Robert Browning: Yes, that's true.

Rebecca Mangold: While the video is being transmitted, does C-Span record it to its own servers in any way?

Robert Browning: Yes, we make copies of the video as it is coming in.

Rebecca Mangold: And does C-Span save those videos?

Robert Browning: Yes, in the video library, the C-Span archives.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell the jurors a little bit about the video library at the C-Span archives?

Robert Browning: The video library is an online collection of everything that is telecast on C-Span. That's 278,000 digital hours a day.

Rebecca Mangold: And that is everything that is ever aired on C-Span?

Robert Browning: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: It's still being maintained by C-Span?

Robert Browning: That's right.

Rebecca Mangold: Are you able to retrieve videos that were previously recorded?

Robert Browning: Yes, we can search by a person's name or location or anything, even a word about the video.

Rebecca Mangold: Does C-Span routinely record and save videos this way in the regular course of its business?

Robert Browning: Yes, it's the nature of our business.

Rebecca Mangold: Does C-Span rely on these videos to conduct their business?

Robert Browning: We might re-air a program or search a program, as well as let the public use the program.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it the regular course of business for C-Span to record and save these videos?

Robert Browning: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, at some point did C-Span receive a document subpoena from the Manhattan District Attorney's office requiring the company to turn over video recordings of events featuring Donald Trump?

Robert Browning: Yes, it did.

Rebecca Mangold: Did C-Span comply with its legal obligations to turn over those subpoenaed videos?

Robert Browning: Yes, we did.

Rebecca Mangold: Were you the one that retrieved the videos in response to the subpoena?

Robert Browning: Yes, I was.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell the jury how you identified those videos?

Robert Browning: Well, the subpoena indicated the videos that were requested, including what we call the URL of the video. But we would verify what each video -- that it matched the subpoena -- what the subpoena was.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you confirm that the videos were, in fact, events featuring Donald Trump as identified in the subpoena?

Robert Browning: Yes, we did.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you transmit exact copies of videos to the Manhattan District Attorney's office without making any alterations, deletions or changes?

Robert Browning: Yes, I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you have the opportunity to review files marked for identification as People's Exhibit 409A through 409D?

Robert Browning: Yes, I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Are all of those files video clips of videos that C-Span produced to the Manhattan District Attorney's office?

Robert Browning: Yes, they were.

Rebecca Mangold: Are exhibits 409A and 409B for identification clips from a video recording dated October 14, 2016, entitled "Presidential Candidate Donald Trump rally in Greensboro, North Carolina?"

Robert Browning: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is Exhibit 409C for identification a clip from a video recording dated October 22, 2016, entitled "Presidential Candidate Donald Trump Remarks in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania?"

Robert Browning: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Is Exhibit 409D for identification a clip from a video recording dated January 11, 2017, entitled "President Elect Donald Trump News Conference?"

Robert Browning: Correct.

Rebecca Mangold: For each of those clips, did you review both the full video and the video clip and confirm that the clip is an exact copy of a portion of the longer video?

Robert Browning: Yes, I did.

Rebecca Mangold: The People now offer People's Exhibits 409A through 409D into evidence.

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: People's 409A through 409D are accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibit 409A through 409D was received into evidence.]

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now play for the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 409A.

Rebecca Mangold: Dr. Browning, is that a portion of the video recording that was produced by C-Span?

Robert Browning: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now play for the jury what is in evidence as People's 409B.

Rebecca Mangold: Dr. Browning, is that a portion of the video recording produced by C-Span?

Robert Browning: Yes, it was -- is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now play for the record what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 409C.

Note: [Whereupon, audio recording was played in open court.]

Rebecca Mangold: Dr. Browning, is that portion of the video recording produced by C-Span?

Robert Browning: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Finally, can we play People's Exhibit 409D for the jury.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that also a portion of the video clip from a video produced by C-Span?

Robert Browning: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Your witness.

Todd Blanche: We have no questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, Doctor. You can step down.

Juan Merchan: People, your next witness.

Rebecca Mangold: People call Philip Thompson.

Court Officer: Remain standing.

Court Clerk: Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are going to give before this Court and jury shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, do you so swear or affirm?

Philip Thompson: I do.

Note: [P-H-I-L-I-P T-H-O-M-P-S-O-N, called as a witness on behalf of the People, was duly sworn by the Clerk of the Court, upon being examined, testified as follows.]

Court Officer: Have a seat. Name and county of residence.

Philip Thompson: Philip Thompson, Montgomery County, Texas.

Juan Merchan: Good morning. You may inquire.

Note: [Direct examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Good morning, Mr. Thompson.

Philip Thompson: Good morning.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell the jury where you work?

Philip Thompson: I work for Esquire Deposition Solutions.

Rebecca Mangold: What kind of company is Esquire Deposition Solutions?

Philip Thompson: We are a national court reporting company that hires court reporters, videographers and interpreters.

Rebecca Mangold: How long have you worked there?

Philip Thompson: This is my eighth year.

Rebecca Mangold: What is your current position?

Philip Thompson: My title is Regional Director of Field Operations for the South.

Rebecca Mangold: And I am going to ask you to speak a little closer to the microphone so everyone can hear what you are saying. Are you familiar with something called TSG Reporting?

Philip Thompson: I am. TSG was a court reporting firm that we acquired in May of '22.

Rebecca Mangold: In October of '22, was TSG a division of Esquire?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they were.

Rebecca Mangold: Did TSG have its own processes and procedures at that time?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they did.

Rebecca Mangold: As a Regional Director at Esquire, are you familiar with the recordkeeping practices of Esquire and its divisions including TSG?

Philip Thompson: Yes, I am.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you understand that you're testifying today as a custodian of records for Esquire Deposition Solutions?

Philip Thompson: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you come from Texas for the purpose of testifying today?

Philip Thompson: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Is Esquire Deposition Solutions testifying voluntarily or in response to a subpoena?

Philip Thompson: In response to a subpoena.

Rebecca Mangold: Does Esquire Deposition Solutions have counsel?

Philip Thompson: We do.

Rebecca Mangold: Is counsel present in the courtroom today?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: All right. For the folks who may not know, what is a deposition?

Philip Thompson: A deposition is a method to capture sworn testimony, typically in the discovery period of a civil suit.

Rebecca Mangold: When you say "the discovery period in a civil suit," can you explain a little bit more what that is?

Philip Thompson: Sure. So the discovery process, it helps gather information when a lawsuit is filed. A deposition is the process of getting sworn testimony before typically going into court.

Rebecca Mangold: That's sworn testimony from a witness?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: And what do you mean by "sworn testimony?"

Philip Thompson: The witness is testifying under oath.

Rebecca Mangold: Is a deposition recorded?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it recorded sometimes in multiple ways?

Philip Thompson: Yes, ma'am.

Rebecca Mangold: And what are those ways?

Philip Thompson: It is taken down by a court reporter, who is taking down shorthand with the stenography machine. And then it's also taken by a videographer, so they are recording it live.

Rebecca Mangold: And with respect to court reporters, is that similar to what the court reporters here are doing, taking down testimony in realtime?

Philip Thompson: Yes, ma'am.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it still called a court reporter even if they're not sitting in a courtroom?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it the court reporter's job to accurately transcribe the witness' testimony?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What type of document is produced after the deposition is over?

Philip Thompson: A deposition transcript.

Rebecca Mangold: Is a deposition transcript a record of everything that the witness said during their sworn testimony?

Philip Thompson: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Are deposition transcripts ever certified?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they are.

Rebecca Mangold: And what does that mean?

Philip Thompson: The transcript is certified from the court reporter to be a verbatim copy of the deposition that was conducted that day.

Rebecca Mangold: I think you mentioned that a deposition may also be recorded by a videographer, is that right?

Philip Thompson: Yes, ma'am.

Rebecca Mangold: What does the deposition videographer do?

Philip Thompson: They are there to record and capture the deposition of the video and audio.

Rebecca Mangold: And that video is recorded while the deposition is taking place?

Philip Thompson: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: Is the videographer's job to accurately record the witness' testimony?

Philip Thompson: It is, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Are video depositions also certified?

Philip Thompson: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Just the transcripts?

Philip Thompson: Just the transcript.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, directing you specifically to TGS Reporting's recordkeeping practices in October 2022, I think you said TSG was a division of Esquire at that time?

Philip Thompson: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: It had its own policies and practices?

Philip Thompson: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: So for transcripts, after a deposition, did a court reporter send the transcript directly to the lawyers that were present in the deposition?

Philip Thompson: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Where did they send them?

Philip Thompson: The court reporter would have sent it into TSG to do the production and send it out to all parties.

Rebecca Mangold: Did TSG then save those transcripts?

Philip Thompson: They did.

Rebecca Mangold: How were they saved?

Philip Thompson: The transcripts would have been saved in their share file account.

Rebecca Mangold: What is a share file account in case people don't know?

Philip Thompson: It's similar -- it's more popularly known as dropbox or Box.com. It is a secure way to store large or voluminous files.

Rebecca Mangold: In what ways was it secured?

Philip Thompson: The share file is encrypted, to my knowledge. I don't know how they encrypt it, but I do know it's encrypted.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it also password protected?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: How about the videos produced by TSG in October 2022?

Philip Thompson: Yes, the videos.

Rebecca Mangold: Were they transmitted also to TSG after each deposition?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they would have been sent to TSG's share file account as well.

Rebecca Mangold: They were saved in that share file?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And the company took the same steps to make sure the videos were unaltered, including encryption and password protection?

Philip Thompson: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Does a witness have an opportunity to comment on any errors they think are in the transcript after it's done?

Philip Thompson: They do.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what that is called?

Philip Thompson: It's called the errata process.

Rebecca Mangold: And did TSG keep a record of any corrections by a witness to a deposition?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Does Esquire and TSG -- as part of Esquire, do they make and keep deposition transcripts and videos in the regular course of business?

Philip Thompson: Yes, we do.

Rebecca Mangold: Was it the regular course of business for Esquire and TSG to keep deposition transcripts and videos?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Were the transcripts and videos made at the time of each deposition?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Did the court reporters and videographers have a business duty to record each deposition accurately?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they did.

Rebecca Mangold: At some point, did Esquire receive a subpoena from the Manhattan District Attorney's office related to this case?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Are you familiar with Esquire's response to that subpoena?

Philip Thompson: I am.

Rebecca Mangold: Did the subpoena require the company to turn over a video recording and transcript from an October 2022 deposition of Donald Trump in a case captioned "E. Jean Carroll versus Donald Trump," with the Case Number 20CV7311?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Esquire comply with its obligations to turn over that video transcript?

Philip Thompson: Yes, we did.

Rebecca Mangold: Was the deposition transcript in that case certified?

Philip Thompson: It was.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Esquire produce more than one version of the transcript?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is the substance of Mr. Trump's testimony identical in every version of the transcript produced?

Philip Thompson: To my knowledge, yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is it unusual to have more than one version of the deposition transcript?

Philip Thompson: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Esquire have a record of the witness admitting any connections to that transcript?

Philip Thompson: We do not have a record of that.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Esquire confirm that the transcripts produced to the Manhattan District Attorney's office -- did you confirm they were exact copies of the originals?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And they were produced without alterations, modifications or deletions?

Philip Thompson: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Esquire also produce the video of that same deposition to the Manhattan District Attorney's office?

Philip Thompson: We did.

Rebecca Mangold: And Esquire produced an exact copy of the original deposition video?

Philip Thompson: Yes, we did.

Rebecca Mangold: And that also was produced without alterations, modifications or deletions?

Philip Thompson: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Did Esquire make and keep their deposition transcripts and this video in the regular course of its business?

Philip Thompson: We did.

Rebecca Mangold: Was it the regular course of business for Esquire to make and keep this deposition transcript and this video?

Philip Thompson: Yes, it was.

Rebecca Mangold: Was this transcript and video made at the time of the deposition?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they were.

Rebecca Mangold: And did the court reporter and videographer have a business duty to record this deposition accurately?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they did. Absolutely.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you have an opportunity to review files marked for identification as People's Exhibits 403 and 404?

Philip Thompson: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Did that include what's been marked for identification as People's Exhibits 403A and 403B?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Are those video clips from the October 2022 deposition of Donald Trump?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they are.

Rebecca Mangold: Are they exact copies of a portion of the full deposition video?

Philip Thompson: Correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you also review what's been marked for identification as People's Exhibit 404 and 404A through C?

Philip Thompson: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Did those contain -- were those portions of the transcript from the same deposition?

Philip Thompson: They were.

Rebecca Mangold: Did those contain redactions?

Philip Thompson: Yes, they did.

Rebecca Mangold: Other than the redactions, are they exact copies of those portions of the October 2022 deposition of Mr. Trump?

Philip Thompson: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: We now offer People's Exhibit 403A, 403B, 404 and 404A through C into evidence.

Juan Merchan: Any objections?

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: There being no objection, the exhibits are accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibits 403A, 403B, 404, 404A, 404B and 404C were admitted into evidence.]

Rebecca Mangold: Can we please display for everybody what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 404.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this document?

Philip Thompson: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What is this document?

Philip Thompson: This is the cover page for the deposition -- video deposition of Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you see in the top right-hand corner there is a page number?

Philip Thompson: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: And along the left hand-side of the page, do you see numbers 1 through 25?

Philip Thompson: Yes, I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What are those numbers on the left-hand side of the page?

Philip Thompson: Those are line numbers. On every deposition transcript -- in this state the format is 25 lines per page. So there are 25 lines on this page as well.

Rebecca Mangold: Looking at the bottom of the page, does it indicate what court reporting company produced this transcript?

Philip Thompson: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: What is that?

Philip Thompson: TSG Reporting Worldwide.

Rebecca Mangold: Looking all the way at the top of the page, does this page indicate the court of the proceeding for which a deposition was taken?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What court was that?

Philip Thompson: United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you see the case number?

Philip Thompson: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the case number?

Philip Thompson: Case Number 20CIB.7311.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what CIB stands for?

Philip Thompson: Civil.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what this indicates?

Philip Thompson: This is a civil lawsuit.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you see below that there is a case captioned?

Philip Thompson: Yes, I do.

Rebecca Mangold: What is that case captioned?

Philip Thompson: "E. Jean Carroll verus Donald J. Trump, in his personal capacity, defendant."

Rebecca Mangold: Looking toward the bottom of the page, does it indicate the date when the deposition was taken?

Philip Thompson: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: What was the date?

Philip Thompson: Wednesday, October 19, 2022.

Rebecca Mangold: Does it also show a location for the deposition?

Philip Thompson: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: You don't need to read the whole address.

Philip Thompson: The Mar-a-Lago Club.

Rebecca Mangold: In looking at the bottom left-hand portion of the page, without reading the name, does it designate there was a court reporter present at the deposition?

Philip Thompson: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to Page 2 of the PDF. Does this page indicate there was a videographer for the deposition?

Philip Thompson: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning to Page 3 of the PDF. What page number is indicated in the top right-hand corner?

Philip Thompson: Page 219.

Rebecca Mangold: That's Page 219 of that transcript?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What is this?

Philip Thompson: This is a Certificate of Oath certification page.

Rebecca Mangold: This makes it a certified transcript?

Philip Thompson: This certifies that the deponent was sworn before the deposition.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read the substance of this for the jury.

Philip Thompson: Sure. "I, the undersigned authority, certify that Donald J. Trump personally appeared before me and was duly sworn. Dated this 19th day of October, 2022."

Rebecca Mangold: Is that signed?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now show the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 403A.

Note: [Whereupon, audio recording was played in open court.]

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now display for the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 404A.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Mr. Thompson, do you see that there are -- well, what is this?

Philip Thompson: This appears to be pages from the deposition that have been redacted.

Rebecca Mangold: And what pages are they?

Philip Thompson: Page 125 and Page 126.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read just the unredacted portion of this from, Page 125, line 2 through Page 126, line 3?

Philip Thompson: Yes. "QUESTION: What is Truth Social? "ANSWER: It's a platform that's been open by me as an alternative to Twitter. "QUESTION: And your handle on Truth Social is 'At Real Donald Trump?' "ANSWER: I believe so, yes." Is this the official written record of the portion of the deposition video that we just saw?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now show the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 403B.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now show the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 404B.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this Page 44 of the same deposition transcript?

Philip Thompson: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read the unredacted portions from lines 3 to 9.

Philip Thompson: Sure. "QUESTION: Your current wife is Melania Trump? "ANSWER: That is correct, yes. "QUESTION: And you married her, according to my records, in 2005? "ANSWER: Yes. "QUESTION: And you're still married to her today? "ANSWER: Yes." Is this the official written record of the portion of the deposition that we just saw in the video?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: Finally, can we show the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 404C.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this two pages from that same deposition transcript?

Philip Thompson: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read the unredacted portion from Page 168, line 19 through 169, line 9.

Philip Thompson: Yes. By Ms. Kaplan: "QUESTION: Are you familiar, I'm sure you are, with something that is often referred to as the Access Hollywood tape?" "ANSWER: Yes. "MS. KAPLAN: Okay. Let's mark it and play it as 35. And I apologize, I am hoping the technology works better. "Parenthetical DJT Exhibit 35 is marked for identification. "Another parenthetical: Video played. "MS. KAPLAN: That's you in that video speaking? "ANSWER: Yes, correct." On the second page, where you see the parenthesis, can you tell the jury what the parenthesis is?

Philip Thompson: It denotes an action that happened that is not a verbal response.

Rebecca Mangold: And is this the official written record of that portion of Mr. Trump's deposition?

Philip Thompson: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: Your witness.

Todd Blanche: Two seconds.

Todd Blanche: We don't have any questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, sir. You can step down.

Juan Merchan: People, your next witness.

Joshua Steinglass: The People call Keith Davidson.

Court Officer: Remain standing. Raise your right hand and face the clerk.

Court Clerk: Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are going to give before this Court and jury shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, do you so swear or affirm?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Note: [K-E-I-T-H D-A-V-I-D-S-O-N, called as witness on behalf of the People, was duly sworn by the Clerk of the Court, upon being examined, testified as follows.]

Court Clerk: Have a seat.

Court Officer: State your full name, spelling your last name.

Keith Davidson: Keith Davidson, D-A-V-I-D-S-O-N.

Juan Merchan: Your county of residence.

Keith Davidson: Los Angeles County, California.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Good afternoon, Mr. Davidson.

Keith Davidson: Good afternoon.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us how old you are?

Keith Davidson: Fifty-three.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you married?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How long have you been married?

Keith Davidson: Twenty-five years.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you have any children?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How many children?

Keith Davidson: Two.

Joshua Steinglass: School age, college age, adult children?

Keith Davidson: College age.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you please describe for the jury your educational background?

Keith Davidson: I graduated from Boston College, my undergraduate degree. I went to Whittier Law School.

Joshua Steinglass: Where is Whittier Law School?

Keith Davidson: It's in Los Angles, California.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you currently employed?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: By whom?

Keith Davidson: My law firm that I own.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the name of the law firm that you own?

Keith Davidson: Davidson & Associates.

Joshua Steinglass: Where, very generally, is that law firm located?

Keith Davidson: Los Angeles, California.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you have a speciality?

Keith Davidson: Civil litigation.

Joshua Steinglass: Any particular types of civil litigation?

Keith Davidson: A lot of injury cases, mediation cases.

Joshua Steinglass: Any sexual abuse cases?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: During the period from 2015 to 2017, did you have a particular speciality?

Keith Davidson: At that time my practice was heavily involved with media cases.

Joshua Steinglass: You said media cases?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you frequently work on, as part of those media cases, nondisclosure agreements?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And can you briefly describe for the jury what is a nondisclosure agreement?

Keith Davidson: It's an agreement between two people or entities where certain subjects are agreed, or there is an agreement between the parties not to discuss certain subjects.

Joshua Steinglass: And during that period from 2015 to 2017, were some of your clients in those cases individuals who often appeared in tabloid magazines?

Keith Davidson: On occasion, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: During that same period, from 2015 to 2017, I am only asking for the last four digits, please, of your work cell phone number?

Keith Davidson: 5361

Joshua Steinglass: The last four digits of your office phone number?

Keith Davidson: 5444

Joshua Steinglass: Is that a landline?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: During that same period, what was your business email address domain? Do you understand what I mean by that?

Keith Davidson: I do. It was KMDlaw.com.

Joshua Steinglass: So you had an email address, some form of your name, at KMDlaw.com?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what does KMD Law stand for?

Keith Davidson: It's my initials, Keith Michael Davidson.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you here pursuant to a subpoena?

Keith Davidson: I am.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you testify in this case in the Grand Jury?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: As a result of that testimony, were you given automatic immunity for the transactions about which you gave testimony?

Keith Davidson: Pursuant to New York Law. I didn't seek immunity.

Joshua Steinglass: That was my next question. So, yes, you did get immunity, but no, you did not seek it?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Joshua Steinglass: And is it your understanding, I think you just said this, that immunity is granted as a matter of law in the State of New York for witnesses who testified in the Grand Jury?

Keith Davidson: True.

Joshua Steinglass: Notwithstanding the fact that you were given immunity for your testimony, you did understand if you testified falsely then or if you testify falsely now you could still be prosecuted for perjury, is that correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you know or do you know somebody named Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain to the jury, who is Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: Gina Rodriguez is a talent manager in Los Angeles. She manages talent, and really I think the majority of her clients are reality-type talent.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "reality type talent," you are talking about reality television?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How do you know Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: I can't recall. I have known Gina for well over ten years.

Joshua Steinglass: And -- withdrawn. Have you at times during your relationship represented Gina Davidson in certain matters?

Keith Davidson: I have represented Gina Rodriguez in certain matters.

Joshua Steinglass: Did I say Gina Davidson?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Sorry about that. Thank you for clarifying. How about Dylan Howard, are you familiar with somebody named Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: I am.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us who that is?

Keith Davidson: Dylan Howard was the former Content Editor, I believe, or the Chief Content Officer of American Media Inc.

Joshua Steinglass: How do you know him?

Keith Davidson: I knew him in my professional dealings.

Joshua Steinglass: About how long would you say you have known Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Well over ten years.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, directing your attention specifically to the period around 2015 to 2017, can you describe a little bit the nature of your relationship with Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: We were professional acquaintances and friends.

Joshua Steinglass: And when you say a portion of your relationship involved a professional acquaintance, what kind of business dealings did you have with Dylan Howard at that time?

Keith Davidson: On occasion my clients would end up in tabloid media and they would call me for comment, or my clients would regrettably end up in tabloid media and they would call me to address their presence in the tabloids.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you ever, at your client's request, negotiate the sale of certain stories to tabloids?

Keith Davidson: Rarely.

Joshua Steinglass: That was rarely, you said?

Keith Davidson: Rarely, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: During that period, again, from 2015 to 2017, approximately how often did you and Mr. Howard speak either on a personal or professional capacity?

Keith Davidson: Quite often, several times a week.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you still in touch with Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Somewhat.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you familiar with someone named David Pecker?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is he?

Keith Davidson: He was Dylan's boss, and I believe CEO of American Media Inc.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have a lot of interaction with David Pecker himself?

Keith Davidson: Very little.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "very little," in the years 2015 to 2017, roughly how many times would you say you have interacted with David Pecker in any capacity?

Keith Davidson: I think in my life I have only interacted with him three, maybe four times.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you familiar with someone named Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen is the former attorney, former attorney for Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did you come to meet Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: In approximately 2011, there was an article that was published in a blog that involved my client and Donald Trump, and I had the occasion to have a conversation with Michael Cohen relating to that blog posting.

Joshua Steinglass: We'll get back to that. Who was your client at the time that led you to interact with Michael Cohen on behalf of Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Stephanie Clifford, otherwise known as Stormy Daniels.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, during that period from 2015 to 2017, did you at times use encrypted apps, encrypted phone apps to communicate with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Ultimately, on occasion, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember which apps you used?

Keith Davidson: Not particularly.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I'm going to ask you please to take a look at a thumb drive. I am going to ask you if you recognize it?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: How do you recognize it?

Keith Davidson: My initials are on it.

Joshua Steinglass: Is the date that you examined it also on there?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What date is that?

Keith Davidson: Today's April -- April 30th.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you briefly have the opportunity to examine the contents of that drive?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Does the drive contain various business records, including emails, notes and client statements?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: As part of your job at Davidson & Associates, do you make and keep business records?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you send, receive and store work related emails and email attachments?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Where are they stored?

Keith Davidson: Within our servers, our computer servers.

Joshua Steinglass: And does this range of exhibits contain a series of emails and attachments between yourself and Michael Cohen from 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are they exact copies of emails and attachments that you sent and received?

Keith Davidson: They are.

Joshua Steinglass: Has the substance of these emails been altered in any way?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Do the date and timestamp contained on the emails accurately reflect the times the messages were sent and received?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are the emails and attachments drafted, sent, received and kept in the regular and ordinary course of your law firm's business?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is that also true for the other types of records you discussed, the nondisclosure agreement, the client statements, are they also made in the regular and ordinary course of your business?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is it part of the business of Davidson & Associates to make and keeps these types of records and emails?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are the emails and attachments drafted, sent, received and kept at or close to the time of the transactions or events to which they relate?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that also true for the other types of documents on that thumb drive?

Keith Davidson: It is.

Joshua Steinglass: Is the person or persons who make the documents under a business duty to do so accurately?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you a custodian of your law firm's business records?

Keith Davidson: I am.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you produce each of the records, I am speaking specifically of People's Exhibits 276 through 286 -- are each of those records produced by you pursuant to a subpoena by the New York County District Attorney's office?

Keith Davidson: They were produced pursuant to a subpoena.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you also get a chance to review Exhibits 62 through 63 on that same thumb drive?

Keith Davidson: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Are those also a series of emails and attachments between yourself and Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are those emails sent and received in the ordinary course of your firm's business?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do these exhibits, 62 through 65 range, are they exact copies of emails and attachments that you sent and received back and forth with Michael Cohen back in 2016?

Keith Davidson: They are.

Joshua Steinglass: And has the substance of those emails been altered in any way?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Do the date and timestamps contained on those emails accurately reflect the times the text messages were sent and received?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer into evidence People's Exhibits 276 through 286 as well as People's 62 through 65.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: People's 276 through 286 and 62 through 65 are received into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibits 276 through 286, and 62 through 65 were received into evidence.]

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know somebody named Karen McDougal?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: In what context?

Keith Davidson: She was a client of mine.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember how you came to meet her or be introduced to her?

Keith Davidson: I met her probably 25 years ago, she was dating a friend of mine.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And in the summer of 2016, did you represent her?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: In what capacity?

Keith Davidson: I represented her in order to provide advice and counsel as to what her rights and obligations would be regarding a personal interaction she had.

Joshua Steinglass: With whom?

Keith Davidson: With Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you know, approximately, when it was that she became your client?

Keith Davidson: Not offhand.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you know how it was that she became your client?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us, please?

Keith Davidson: Her former brother-in-law was a client of mine and her former brother-in-law, by the name of Jay Grdina, made the introduction or the re-introduction between Karen and I.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: So I am now showing you People's 279 in evidence. It's in evidence. It can be displayed to everyone. I am going to ask you when it pops up, if you recognize this document?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

Keith Davidson: This is an email from me to Karen McDougal with the cc to Jay Grdina thanking her for the conversation of that day, 6/15/2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And does the email also contain an attachment?

Keith Davidson: It does, yes. The attachment is a retainer agreement between me and my law firm and Karen.

Joshua Steinglass: Is it fair to say you are sending her a blank retainer agreement?

Keith Davidson: I am sending her a signature ready retainer agreement for her signature.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. When I say "blank," I mean her signature line was blank, you were sending it to her for that purpose, is that right?

Keith Davidson: For execution.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. I believe you told us the date of the email was June 15, 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So I want to show you Page 2 of this exhibit. Is this the first page of your retainer agreement?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to ask that we blow up Paragraph 2. I am going to ask you to read that for us.

Keith Davidson: Paragraph 2: Scope of Services: Client is hiring attorney to represent client in the matter of client's claims against Donald Trump, and/or assisting client in negotiating a confidential agreement and other live rights related to actions with Donald Trump, and/or negotiating an assignment with exclusive press opportunities regarding the same.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you translate that for us?

Keith Davidson: I was to provide legal services to Karen McDougal and provide advice and counsel to her surrounding a personal interaction she had allegedly had with Donald Trump.

Note: [Whereupon, Theresa Magniccari, Senior Court Reporter was Relieved by Laurie Eisenberg, as Senior Court Reporter.]

Joshua Steinglass: And is one of the ways in which -- withdrawn. This paragraph is entitled Scope of Services, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Does one of the contemplated services include, potentially, negotiating the assignment of exclusive press opportunities regarding her interaction with Mr. Trump?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Joshua Steinglass: What does that mean, "negotiating the assignment of exclusive press opportunities"?

Keith Davidson: [Pause] At that time, in mid-Two-Thousand-Teens or so, media outlets, both traditional and tabloid, would, often times, enter into exclusive arrangements where someone would provide an exclusive content to that media outlet in exchange for money.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you -- you wrote this Retainer Agreement, correct?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you contemplate -- withdrawn. Did you discuss with Ms. McDougal the fact that you were authorized to negotiate on her behalf in dealing with various media outlets?

Keith Davidson: I can't and won't discuss what I discussed with Ms. McDougal. I think that the paragraph speaks for itself.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Thank you for pointing that out. So, let me ask the question a different way. Did this Agreement -- did you interpret this Agreement as authorizing you to interact and negotiate with media companies on your client's behalf?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. So, directing your attention to June of 2016, did there come a time when you reached out to Dylan Howard regarding the potential Karen McDougal story?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you do this behind your client's back?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you reveal client confidences when you spoke with Mr. Howard?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to show you what is already in evidence and can be displayed to everyone as People's Exhibit 176A.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibits are shown on the screens throughout the following testimony.]

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you if you recognize this series of messages to be texts between yourself and Dylan Howard from the year 2016?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Have you had a chance to review the substance of these texts?

Keith Davidson: I have.

Joshua Steinglass: And are the texts that appear on this exhibit the exact texts you sent and received to and from Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: They are.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you have any reason to doubt the accuracy of the date and timestamps?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to ask that we blow up the last two text boxes -- I mean, the last -- the last column, the first two boxes in the last column. Lines 111 through 112.

Joshua Steinglass: Let me ask you, first, can you tell what time zone these -- the date and timestamp is in?

Keith Davidson: I think it's UTC.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you familiar with the relationship between UTC time and, let's say, West Coast Time or East Coast Time?

Keith Davidson: Not particularly.

Joshua Steinglass: But these texts are dated particularly in UTC Time, is that right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the date on this first text?

Keith Davidson: June 7th.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is the first text in this chain from?

Keith Davidson: It's from me.

Joshua Steinglass: To whom?

Keith Davidson: Dylan Howard.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the body of the text?

Keith Davidson: I have a blockbuster Trump story.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: Sort of an entree or teaser to Dylan to let him know that I had, perhaps, an opportunity for him.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the -- generally speaking, and certainly without revealing client confidences, what was the opportunity about which you were contacting him?

Keith Davidson: Regarding the interaction between Karen McDougal and Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: What did Mr. Howard say, if anything, in response?

Keith Davidson: "Talk 1st thing. I will get you more than anyone for it. You know why."

Joshua Steinglass: What do you understand "Talk 1st thing" to mean?

Keith Davidson: That he would call me in the morning.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand the rest of the text to mean?

Keith Davidson: That -- I don't know if I had a clear understanding at that time, but I knew that Dylan's boss, David Pecker, and Mr. Trump were long-time friends and had a former business relationship, that Mr. Pecker published Trump Magazine, and that at the time AMI had announced -- they hadn't announced explicitly, at least impliedly, that they had endorsed Mr. Trump's candidacy.

Joshua Steinglass: So, Mr. Howard said, "Talk 1st thing." Did you, in fact, speak with Mr. Howard the following morning?

Keith Davidson: I can't recall.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, did you continue to text back and forth with him about the Karen McDougal story?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: During the course of those text messages, were there also times when you spoke with him on the phone?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, I want to display some more texts from this exhibit, also still on Page 1 -- I'm just going to ask you to tell us who says what here.

Keith Davidson: You would like me to read these texts?

Joshua Steinglass: Please. And tell us who each one is from as you're doing that.

Keith Davidson: From Dylan: "Did he cheat on Melania?"

Joshua Steinglass: Who did you understand "he" to be referring to?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Next text. From whom?

Keith Davidson: From Dylan.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Keith Davidson: "Do you know if the affair was during his marriage to Melania?"

Joshua Steinglass: Again, do you understand "his" to be a reference to Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did you respond to this text?

Keith Davidson: "I really cannot say yet. Sorry."

Joshua Steinglass: Is that because you didn't know or because you weren't prepared to discuss the details at that point?

Keith Davidson: It was because it was the latter, because I was not prepared to discuss the details at that point.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did Mr. Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: "Okay. Keep me informed."

Joshua Steinglass: Now, in connection with your representation of Karen McDougal, did you arrange a meeting between Karen McDougal and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And were others present as well for that meeting?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who was present for that meeting?

Keith Davidson: Jay Grdina was present, and a man by the name of Johnny Crawford was present, and Ms. McDougal.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is John Crawford?

Keith Davidson: He was a friend of Karen's. I think a former police officer in Phoenix, Arizona.

Joshua Steinglass: Where did this meeting take place?

Keith Davidson: In my office.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember the date that the meeting took place?

Keith Davidson: Not offhand.

Joshua Steinglass: Were you present for the meeting?

Keith Davidson: I was.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Let's see if some more texts in this chain can help refresh your recollection.

Joshua Steinglass: Switch to Page 2, Line 11 -- 11140.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you see this text here?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And can you tell what date that was sent on?

Keith Davidson: June 20, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the substance of the text?

Keith Davidson: This is from Dylan Howard: "Landed. En route to your office."

Joshua Steinglass: So, does that refresh your recollection about what date the meeting took place between yourself, Dylan Howard, Karen McDougal and her friend?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What was discussed during this meeting?

Keith Davidson: The subject of the Retention Agreement between Karen and I. The personal attraction that Karen had with Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Given the presence of others at this meeting, do you believe that the contents of what Ms. McDougal said was privileged?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: So, can you tell us the substance of what Ms. McDougal said about the nature of her interactions with Mr. Trump during this meeting?

Keith Davidson: I can summarize it.

Joshua Steinglass: That's fine.

Keith Davidson: Ms. McDougal alleged that she had had a -- a romantic affair with Donald Trump some years prior.

Joshua Steinglass: And -- withdrawn. When you say "romantic", does that include sexual?

Keith Davidson: That's what she expressed.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you know how long that romantic and sexual affair lasted -- withdrawn. As a result of what Ms. McDougal said in that meeting, which was non-privileged, do you know how long that affair lasted for or how long she said it lasted for?

Keith Davidson: I can't recall, specifically. It was several weeks to months, if not more. I can't recall, specifically.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Now, generally speaking, Mr. Davidson, what was the purpose of this meeting between your client and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: It was sort of a proffer session where -- where Ms. McDougal would -- under agreement that nothing was to be published, where Ms. McDougal would tell her story to Dylan Howard on behalf of AMI, so that Dylan could gauge interest in the story, whether or not AMI did or did not have interest in this story.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did the meeting result in an immediate deal with AMI?

Keith Davidson: No, it did not.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you leave it with Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Um, Dylan wanted to -- to return to New York, um, run it up the flagpole, and stated that he would get back to me.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "run it up the flagpole", who, to your knowledge, was higher at AMI, higher than Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: It's my understanding that the only one higher than Dylan Howard at AMI was David Pecker.

Joshua Steinglass: So, very generally speaking, in the weeks that followed, what happened after that?

Keith Davidson: I think Dylan -- the first entree, if you will, was that Dylan stated that AMI was not interested at that time because Karen lacked -- excuse me -- Karen, Karen McDougal lacked documentary evidence of the interaction.

Joshua Steinglass: So, how did you leave it?

Keith Davidson: Um, I think we just said we would keep in touch.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, let me show you some more of these texts, and I'll blow up Page 4, Lines 11116 and 67.

Note: [Whereupon, further exhibits are shown on the screens throughout the following testimony.]

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you again to read us these texts and tell us who sent them.

Keith Davidson: This is June 27th, from me to Dylan Howard. "It's a story" -- misspelling, but -- "a story that should be told."

Joshua Steinglass: Just to clarify for the record, the body of the text actually says: "It's a story hat should be told." You're saying that's a typo, and it should be, "It's a story that should be told"?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Correct.

Joshua Steinglass: How -- withdrawn. What "story" were you referring to?

Keith Davidson: The interaction between Ms. McDougal and Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: How did Dylan Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: "I agree."

Joshua Steinglass: Now, moving to some later texts on this page, we'll blow them up, Lines 11227 through 31. I'll ask you, first of all, what is the date of this particular exchange?

Keith Davidson: June 21st.

Joshua Steinglass: You sure about that month?

Keith Davidson: July. July 21st.

Joshua Steinglass: So, it had been some time at this point?

Keith Davidson: That's right.

Joshua Steinglass: What -- who sent what and when?

Keith Davidson: This is from Dylan Howard: "Let's talk DT, slash, Ross tomorrow. I think this is the entree for me to go back to them."

Joshua Steinglass: To reiterate, Mr. Davidson, during this period, the -- more than a month had passed since your June 20th meeting with Dylan Howard, and your client, and the others in your offices. Were you in phone communication with Dylan Howard, as well, during this time?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And so, when -- first of all, I'm going to ask you, what did you understand it to mean when Dylan Howard wrote, "Let's talk DT, slash, Ross tomorrow"? Who's "DT"? What's "DT"?

Keith Davidson: My understanding was it was Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: What's "Ross"?

Keith Davidson: "Ross" was a man named Brian Ross. I think he was a broadcaster, a news broadcaster, and I think he was, at the time, heavily investigating for reporting for ABC News.

Joshua Steinglass: Is it fair to say, during this period of time, you were also negotiating with ABC News on Karen McDougal's behalf?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Joshua Steinglass: Had they expressed interest in acquiring Karen McDougal's story?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: When Dylan Howard wrote: "I think this is the entree for me to go back to them," who did you understand Dylan Howard would be going back to?

Keith Davidson: Certainly, David Pecker. I don't know if I had an understanding, or if I read the text that closely, that there was anyone other than Pecker at the time.

Joshua Steinglass: That's fine. How did you respond to that?

Keith Davidson: "Better be quick."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: At the time, as is often the case with negotiations, I was trying to play two entities off of each other.

Joshua Steinglass: And what's the -- what's the objective?

Keith Davidson: To create a sense of urgency, if you will.

Joshua Steinglass: And -- withdrawn. Is there anything wrong with that?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain why not?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand your question.

Joshua Steinglass: Yeah. I'm not sure I do, either. You've been a lawyer for how long?

Keith Davidson: Twenty-four years.

Joshua Steinglass: Is there anything wrong with a lawyer negotiating on behalf of their client to get the best possible deal for their client?

Keith Davidson: I think that's our duty.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you view it as your duty to try to get the best deal you could for your client at the time?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Whether that deal was from AMI or from ABC or from somewhere else?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Joshua Steinglass: So, do I understand you correctly to be saying that when you said, "Better be quick," you were trying to convey that there was some urgency and that Dylan Howard should act quickly?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Keep going, please.

Keith Davidson: This is from me to Dylan Howard: "Will do."

Joshua Steinglass: What did Dylan Howard say?

Keith Davidson: "I know.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he say anything else?

Keith Davidson: "I emailed and said we need to talk urgently."

Joshua Steinglass: What do you understand that to mean? Who had Dylan Howard emailed?

Keith Davidson: Perhaps, David Pecker.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, directing your attention to the last blown-up line on Page 4, is this another exchange between you and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And who wrote this?

Keith Davidson: This is from Dylan Howard -- no. This is from me.

Joshua Steinglass: On what day?

Keith Davidson: July 22nd.

Joshua Steinglass: And what's the body of the email or -- sorry -- the body of the text?

Keith Davidson: "Don't forget about Cohen. Time is of the essence. The girl is being cornered" -- this is -- "the girl is being cornered by the estrogen mafia."

Joshua Steinglass: So, who is "Cohen" in this email?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you mean by "time is of the essence"? The same as the "better be quick" email or text from earlier?

Keith Davidson: Yeah. I think, at the time, Karen was sort of teetering. She was about to enter into a deal with ABC.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you mean by "The girl is being cornered by the estrogen mafia"?

Keith Davidson: It's a very unfortunate, regrettable text I sent. That phrase is -- is not one that I used or came up with. That -- that term, I think, by one of -- one of Karen's -- [witness clears throat] -- associates that was at that first meeting. There was several women who were, um, leaning on Karen to sign the deal with ABC.

Joshua Steinglass: So, taken as a whole, is this text another effort to spur Dylan Howard into action?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, turning to Page 5 of the exhibit, and directing your attention to some of the lines between 250 and 273. I'm going to ask you, first, what day is this exchange?

Keith Davidson: July 22nd.

Joshua Steinglass: So, same day as the last text?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, how did Dylan Howard answer your text?

Keith Davidson: "Yep. I plugged a call in." We [sic] "will have news by Monday."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That they would have an offer for Karen on Monday.

Joshua Steinglass: The following day, July 23rd, do you see another communication from Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What does that text say?

Keith Davidson: He says: "Get me a price on McDougal. All in. Consulting gig perhaps as a fitness expert thrown into the mix."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean from Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Karen had expressed at that initial meeting that she had three goals that she wanted to accomplish. And I think he was trying to address each of those goals in order to persuade her that AMI was the right avenue for her to use.

Joshua Steinglass: What were the three goals?

Keith Davidson: To rejuvenate her career, one. To -- to make money, two. And, three, um, to avoid telling a story and being termed "the scarlet letter", becoming "the scarlet letter", the, quote, "other woman".

Joshua Steinglass: So, if possible, Ms. McDougal did not want to have to tell her story?

Keith Davidson: She did not want to tell her story.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, the ABC deal that you were also working on on her behalf, would that have required her to tell her story?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm not going to ask you about client confidences, so I'll just ask you this: Is it your understanding that one of the more attractive aspects of the AMI deal was that she might not actually have to tell that story, or she wouldn't have to tell her story?

Keith Davidson: Well, that was one of her stated goals, and that would be in alignment with one of her very important stated goals.

Joshua Steinglass: So, Mr. Howard says: "Get me a price. All in," et cetera. How do you respond?

Keith Davidson: It's a negotiation, and so I started high and threw out a million dollars. I said: "How about one million now and 75,000 a year for the next two years as a fitness correspondent for AMI and your related publications?"

Joshua Steinglass: So, you -- you almost translated that text a little bit as you read it, right? The number "1M" you read as "one million", is that correct?

Keith Davidson: Would you like me to read it?

Joshua Steinglass: That's fine.

Keith Davidson: "1M" is one million, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And "75K" is "75,000"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I know this sounds silly, but "ur" is shorthand for the words "you are"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And "pubs" is short for "publications"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did Dylan Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: "I'll take it to them but thinking it's more hundreds than millions."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That was -- I should expect a counteroffer that was substantially less than a million.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And how did you respond to that?

Keith Davidson: "800,000 now and 100,000 per year for two years for a total of one million."

Joshua Steinglass: Again, just to make a clear record -- I'm sorry I have to do that each time. "800" means "800,000", "100" means "100,000", and "1M" means "one million"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did Mr. Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: "Leave with me."

Joshua Steinglass: How did you take that?

Keith Davidson: That we really weren't in the same ballpark.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, next page. Lines 280 through 282, I'll ask you to, first, tell us what is the date that that exchange takes place on.

Keith Davidson: July 28th.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And what do the texts say? Start with the first one you sent back.

Keith Davidson: This is from Dylan: "We are going to lay it on thick for her."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: I think at this point in time, Karen was teetering between two competing deals, and we had requested a meeting where -- where each entity could make a pitch as to why they were the correct avenue for Karen.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And how did you respond to that?

Keith Davidson: "Good. Throw in an ambassadorship for me. I'm thinking the Isle of Mann."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that, Mr. Davidson?

Keith Davidson: It was sort of in jest. But, it was -- it was just a joke.

Joshua Steinglass: Um, so, what -- I'm trying to think about how to phrase this question. Why was that a joke? Why was that funny? What was going on in your mind when you made that joke?

Keith Davidson: Well, I don't think -- I don't think -- I don't even think the Isle of Mann is a country.

Joshua Steinglass: [Laughs].

Keith Davidson: And I know they don't have an ambassador. But, I think it was a reference to Mr. Trump's candidacy.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you just explain that a little bit more?

Keith Davidson: That, somehow, if Karen did this deal with AMI, that it would help Donald Trump's candidacy.

Joshua Steinglass: And at the time that you sent that text in jest, did you understand that AMI was working with then-candidate Trump regarding your client?

Keith Davidson: I don't know about that. I don't know that I had specific information that they were or not working with him. I knew that they had announced their support for Mr. Trump, but I don't know that they were working with him.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Is it safe to assume from your joke that you had an understanding that if you were to close your deal, this would somehow benefit the candidate, Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, I want to turn your attention to Page 6, the next few lines, 292 to 293. I'll ask you, what is the date of these texts?

Keith Davidson: July 28th.

Joshua Steinglass: Yes. I'm sorry. July 28th. That's right. Go ahead.

Keith Davidson: This was from Dylan Howard: "She'll get more out of a deal with AMI than ABC. And I'm happy to sign some sort of agreement that alleviates some fears about jurisdiction/meeting only with AMI."

Joshua Steinglass: That's a text from Dylan. That means Dylan Howard, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: I -- I understand the first part, the first sentence. I'm not so sure I understand the second sentence.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Well, tell us about the part you do understand.

Keith Davidson: "She'll get more out of a deal with AMI than ABC," I think that's self-explanatory. And Dylan was making his case why they were the right avenue for Karen to choose.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. How did you respond?

Keith Davidson: "I need this to happen."

Joshua Steinglass: Now, Mr. Davidson, based on non-privileged communications to which you were privy, why did you need this to happen? Why did Karen McDougal prefer the AMI deal to the ABC deal?

Keith Davidson: Because she -- at that time -- at that time, based on non-privileged information, she had announced her desire to not tell the story about her interaction with Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: So that -- withdrawn. Part of the allure of the AMI deal was that she wouldn't have to, is that your understanding?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am showing you now People's 280 in evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you if you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

Keith Davidson: This is -- it's a meeting invitation, a Zoom invitation from me to Jay Grdina, Karen McDougal, and Dylan Howard.

Joshua Steinglass: You said "Zoom". Is it a video conference? Is Ring Central a video conferencing platform, much like Zoom?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who did you invite? You just told us. Did this meeting, in fact, take place on this day?

Keith Davidson: I believe -- it definitely took place. I assume it took place this day.

Joshua Steinglass: The date of the invite was August 2, 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this a good time to break?

Juan Merchan: Jurors, let's take our recess for lunch. I remind you, please, do not discuss this case among yourselves or with anyone else. Keep an open mind as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. Please do not express or form an opinion as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. Please remember all of my other admonitions.

Juan Merchan: Just put the case out of your mind. Enjoy your lunch.

Court Officer: All rise.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are excused.]

Juan Merchan: Thank you, sir. You can step down.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: See you at 2:15.

Note: [Whereupon, the case is recalled in the afternoon session.]

Court Clerk: Continuing case on trial, People v. Donald J. Trump. All parties are present.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon. Should we get the witness?

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the witness, please.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, Keith Davidson, having been previously duly sworn and/or affirmed, resumes the witness stand and testifies as follows.]

Juan Merchan: I remind you, you're under oath. Let's get the jury, please.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are present and properly seated.]

Court Clerk: Continuing case on trial. People v. Donald J. Trump. All parties and all jurors are present.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Good afternoon, Mr. Howard [sic]. I just want to put -- that's the second time. Good afternoon, Mr. Davidson. I want to show you part of a text exchange we were looking at before lunch. This is from People's 176A, Lines -- Page 6, Lines 292 to 293.

Note: [Whereupon, exhibits are shown on the screens throughout the following testimony.]

Joshua Steinglass: So, that last text that's sent on July 29th at 2:24 AM UTC time, is that text to you from Dylan Howard or the other way around?

Keith Davidson: It's from Dylan Howard to me.

Joshua Steinglass: And, so, when Dylan Howard said, "I need this to happen," how did you interpret that?

Keith Davidson: I don't know. I suppose I interpreted it that he wanted it to happen.

Joshua Steinglass: You mean, "it" being the deal with Karen McDougal and AMI?

Keith Davidson: Yes, sir.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Continuing on with this exhibit to the next page, Page 7, I'm going to blow up Lines 314 to 319. Again, I'll ask you to give us the date, the to and the from, and the substance of these emails -- texts.

Keith Davidson: You want me to read right through all of them?

Joshua Steinglass: Sure. Start with the date and time of the first one, please.

Keith Davidson: This is August 2nd, from me to Dylan Howard: "I can't believe they are asking me to go back to you for another 25 but they are. He deal is accepted at 150. Can you do that?"

Joshua Steinglass: A couple of questions about that. First of all, does "25" mean "25,000"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And "he deal", should that read "the deal"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who was asking you to go back for another $25,000?

Keith Davidson: It would be Mr. Grdina and Karen McDougal.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did Dylan Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: "He just called me. 'F' it. Not my money. I'll ask."

Joshua Steinglass: When you said, "F it," is the full "F" word written out in the text?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Um, that someone just called him, and that he didn't care about money because it wasn't his, he would run it up the flagpole.

Joshua Steinglass: "He didn't care about money, he would run it up the flagpole," you're referring to Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. The next text please, who is that from?

Keith Davidson: From me, to Dylan: "Let's try and wrap up Karen's deal. She is getting repeated phone calls from Rhonda Schwartz."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: That the deal was getting stale. It had been left on the counter for a bit. And if he wanted to close it up, now was the time.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Rhonda Schwartz?

Keith Davidson: Rhonda was with the Investigation Department at ABC News. She works or worked for Brian Ross.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. How did he respond?

Keith Davidson: Dylan responded: "We are figuring out the mechanics of the deal already."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Just, that they were figuring out how to paper the deal.

Joshua Steinglass: Paper the deal between Karen McDougal and AMI?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he add something after that?

Keith Davidson: "Right now I mean."

Joshua Steinglass: Did you respond?

Keith Davidson: I responded: "Got it."

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Also, on Page 7, Lines 320 and 321, what is the date of this exchange?

Keith Davidson: August 5, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And who sent the first text in this blown-up portion of these -- this exchange?

Keith Davidson: Dylan Howard to me. "Cameron's" -- excuse me. This is August 5, 2016. It's from me to Dylan.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. What did you say?

Keith Davidson: "Cameron's agreement wasn't really even close to what we were expecting. Please review the red-line I just sent. Need to handle this quickly."

Joshua Steinglass: First of all, who is "Cameron"?

Keith Davidson: Cameron Stracher is General Counsel for AMI.

Joshua Steinglass: What is a "red-line"?

Keith Davidson: A "red-line" is just modifications or corrections to an editable document that's like -- it's a step along the way in modifying a document.

Joshua Steinglass: So, what did you mean when you said that his agreement wasn't close to what you were expecting?

Keith Davidson: We had come to terms by this point with AMI on the deal points. And there was a Short-Form Agreement or at least deal points. And that that was negotiated between Dylan and I. And then Dylan, as a content editor, handed it off to the Legal Department at AMI, Cameron. And when the Short-Form Agreement or the deal points morphed into the Long-Form Agreement with Cameron, they didn't jive.

Joshua Steinglass: So, do I understand you correctly to be saying that Cameron had sent you a contract, and it did not match your understanding of what you thought the deal was that had been negotiated between yourself and Mr. Howard?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Joshua Steinglass: So, when you refer to "the red-line", does that mean you made proposed changes to the contract they had sent over and sent it back?

Keith Davidson: I believe so. But, it -- the red lines were either extremely extensive -- I mean, it was difficult to red-line something that didn't even closely resemble, I believe to my recollection, the deal points that we came up with.

Joshua Steinglass: And you ended the text by saying: "Need to handle this quickly." Why was there a need to "handle this quickly"?

Keith Davidson: Just, on my side of the aisle, there was a growing frustration with the process.

Joshua Steinglass: And how, if at all, did Dylan Howard respond to your text?

Keith Davidson: "I asked Cam to call you."

Joshua Steinglass: Continuing on to the next page and directing your attention to the blown-up line, which is 322. Did you send another text that same day?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And can you read us that text, please?

Keith Davidson: "He" -- this is from me to Dylan. "He wants me to call Cohen. You think that's okay? I've been trying like hell to avoid that."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that? First of all, who wanted you to call him?

Keith Davidson: Cam. Cameron Stracher.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was your understanding of why Cam wanted you to call Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: [No response].

Joshua Steinglass: Withdrawn. Between that last text and this text, did you have a conversation on the phone with Cameron?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us about it?

Keith Davidson: Not only -- not only were we not on the same page between the Short-Form and the Long-Form, and then Dylan asked me to call Cameron, and I did call Cameron, and even when we spoke, we still weren't on the same page. I think I told him that. I know I told him that. I said, "Look, this agreement doesn't nearly comport to what was agreed to in the deal points." I think I was frustrated.

Keith Davidson: He was frustrated, and he said, "Why don't you just call Cohen?"

Joshua Steinglass: "He", meaning Cam suggested you call Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you ask Mr. Stracher why he wanted you to call Michael Cohen if Michael Cohen had nothing to do with the deal?

Keith Davidson: I -- I believe so. I probably did. I don't have a specific recollection. I thought it was odd, certainly.

Joshua Steinglass: Sorry?

Keith Davidson: I thought it was odd.

Joshua Steinglass: And so, what did you mean when you said, "I've been trying like hell to avoid that?"

Keith Davidson: My first interaction with Michael Cohen was in 2011, regarding that blog post that we discussed earlier. And my interaction with him around that time in 2011 was -- was not pleasant or -- or constructive, and I didn't particularly like dealing with him. And that's why I was trying like hell to avoid talking to him.

Joshua Steinglass: Continuing on this text string from the same day, did -- I'm speaking, specifically, of Page 8, Lines 326 through 330. I'll just ask you to, again, read us through these texts, who sent them, and what they mean.

Keith Davidson: August 5th, from Dylan Howard to me: "Okay. We are paying."

Joshua Steinglass: Let me stop you right there for a second. What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That they were ready to pay for the deal.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. How did you respond? Or, how -- I guess, is that next text another text from Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What does it say?

Keith Davidson: "Glad it all sorted."

Joshua Steinglass: And then, did he say anything else?

Keith Davidson: "Fucken Jesus."

Joshua Steinglass: You're quoting, so it's okay. Did you have any understanding of what that all meant, those three texts?

Keith Davidson: I think it was just a frustrating deal for everybody involved, and it was -- it was just a lot of, sort of, heavy lifting.

Joshua Steinglass: And then what did you say?

Keith Davidson: "Yes -- I believe so. I told Cohen this never would have happened without you."

Joshua Steinglass: How did Dylan Howard respond to that?

Keith Davidson: "He's hopeless. Oh well. Another one done."

Joshua Steinglass: So, from this text exchange, does it appear -- let me ask this a different way. Did you call Cohen at some point in the middle of this text exchange?

Keith Davidson: I recall that I did, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you discuss the Karen McDougal contract with him at all?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And I'll come back to exactly how that conversation went in a minute. I want to take a minute to show you Grand Jury -- I'm sorry -- to show you People's Exhibit 62, which is in evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: I'll just ask if you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

Keith Davidson: This is an email from me to Michael Cohen, asking him to call me.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date of this email?

Keith Davidson: August 5, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And the time?

Keith Davidson: 2:54 PM. Probably, Pacific Time.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know if you produced this document or if this was produced by The Trump Organization? You want to look at the Bates stamp at the bottom?

Keith Davidson: Sure.

Joshua Steinglass: On the -- on the documents that you produced, do your Bates start with the letters KMD?

Keith Davidson: It did.

Joshua Steinglass: Does that indicate to you this may have been produced by The Trump Organization?

Keith Davidson: It did.

Joshua Steinglass: Does that clarify at all whether the timestamp on this email was Eastern Time or Pacific Time, or you're not sure?

Keith Davidson: I'm not sure. I know I called him after the deal closed with AMI and Karen.

Joshua Steinglass: This seems like a good opportunity to just tell us about the conversation you had with Michael Cohen.

Keith Davidson: I seem to recall that after the deal closed with Michael Cohen -- excuse me. After the deal closed with AMI, I called Michael Cohen. And I can't recall specifically whether -- maybe Dylan asked me to or something, but I called him and let him know, as a professional courtesy, that the deal involving his client had closed.

Keith Davidson: And I told him, as I stated to you and Dylan Howard, that: "This deal wouldn't have happened without Dylan."

Joshua Steinglass: Now, you said that you called Michael Cohen as a professional courtesy because the deal involving his client closed. What client is that?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Was Donald Trump a party to this agreement, a named party to this agreement between yourself or between, I should say, Karen McDougal and AMI?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you recognize the extent to which the deal could benefit Mr. Cohen's client, Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What was Michael Cohen's reaction when you told him that the deal was closed?

Keith Davidson: He was pleased.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, that deal between AMI and Karen McDougal, did that eventually -- did the contract eventually get signed?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And, generally speaking, what were the terms?

Keith Davidson: There was a financial aspect of the deal. I think it was $150,000. It involved certain personal services that Karen would render to AMI, which included, um, magazine covers, weekly or monthly columns where she could write on subject matters that interested her, um, and I believe that was it.

Joshua Steinglass: As part of that deal, did AMI acquire Karen McDougal's limited life story rights to any romantic, personal and/or physical relationship with any then-married man?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Just to be clear, who negotiated these terms on behalf of AMI?

Keith Davidson: Mainly, Dylan Howard, and then Cameron got involved at some point.

Joshua Steinglass: And on behalf of Karen McDougal?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: I am now showing you what's in evidence already as People's Exhibit 156.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you show them to everyone?

Joshua Steinglass: Is this the final deal signed between AMI and Karen McDougal?

Keith Davidson: Assuming that it's signed.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, we can skip to the last page, and I'll show you that.

Note: [Whereupon, another page of the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Keith Davidson: Yes. This is the final deal.

Joshua Steinglass: And going back to that first page for a minute, just blowing up the top portion, what is the "Effective Date" on this contract?

Keith Davidson: August 5, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to blow up Paragraph 3. I am just going to ask you to read it to yourself. You don't have to read the whole thing out loud. Read it to yourself, and let us know what you understood this paragraph to mean.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness reviews the exhibit on his screen.]

Keith Davidson: Well, I'm ready.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Can you tell us what it means?

Keith Davidson: That Karen had, in the process of entering into this contract with AMI, that she granted her Limited Life Rights related to the subject matter, any affairs she had with any then-married man to AMI. So that became, in effect, their intellectual property, their exclusive intellectual property.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, based on non-privileged communications to which you were privy, was there a particular then-married man with whom you understood this to apply?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to move to Paragraphs 4 and 5 and ask you, first of all, does Paragraph 4 contain the amount that AMI was compensating Karen McDougal for her Limited Life Rights, as well as some of the other services that you mentioned?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How much was she being paid?

Keith Davidson: 150,000.

Joshua Steinglass: How much of that went to you?

Keith Davidson: Somewhere between -- I think 45 percent.

Joshua Steinglass: And Paragraph 5, can you read that paragraph out loud?

Keith Davidson: Paragraph 5: "Nothing herein shall obligate AMI to use the Life Rights in connection with any media. AMI's obligations to McDougal shall be the payment to McDougal of the sum set forth in Paragraph 4 and the obligations set forth in Paragraph 1, 2.1 and 2.2.

Joshua Steinglass: Those paragraphs, 1, 2.1, 2.2, does that set out the other services that you mentioned?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What does this paragraph mean, Paragraph 5?

Keith Davidson: It means that it was really AMI's option as to whether or not they ever wanted to run the story of Karen's interaction with any then-married man or not. It was their option to either run it or not.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, at the time this agreement was executed, did you believe AMI intended to publish the story?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Why did you believe that?

Keith Davidson: I believe it was stated.

Joshua Steinglass: Stated by whom, if you remember?

Keith Davidson: AMI.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have an understanding as to why AMI would be purchasing a story that they didn't intend to print?

Keith Davidson: I think there were two. I think one was -- one explanation that was given was that they were trying to build Karen into a brand and didn't want to diminish her reputation. And the second was more of an unspoken understanding that there was a close affiliation between David Pecker and Donald Trump, and that AMI would not run this story or any story related to Karen and Donald Trump as it would tend to hurt Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "hurt Donald Trump", you mean hurt Donald Trump's campaign?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. I want to show you Page 2, Paragraph 7.

Joshua Steinglass: Again, I'm not going to ask you to read this whole paragraph out loud. You can just read it to yourself, and when you're done, maybe you can tell us what it means.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness reviews the exhibit on his screen.]

Keith Davidson: This is really an Exclusivity paragraph. It means the rights that Karen was transferring to AMI were Exclusive, and she could not -- she could not -- she retained no intellectual property rights in the story for herself, and that's one. And, two, that she cannot transfer them, subsequently, to anybody else.

Joshua Steinglass: She no longer owned her own story?

Keith Davidson: The limited story.

Joshua Steinglass: The portion of the story that dealt with her affair with Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Joshua Steinglass: Is that true?

Keith Davidson: True.

Joshua Steinglass: What would happen, according to this paragraph, if Karen McDougal did take her story elsewhere?

Keith Davidson: The last sentence is a liquidated damages provision. She would owe back, basically, the 150.

Joshua Steinglass: Would she owe back the entire $150,000, even though she was doing magazine covers and columns?

Keith Davidson: Pardon?

Joshua Steinglass: Would she owe back the entire 150,000, even though she was still doing the columns and magazine covers?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Going back to that signature on Page 3, did Karen McDougal sign this document?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you blow up the bottom, please?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And --

Joshua Steinglass: Can you blow up a little more of the bottom?

Joshua Steinglass: I would like to know what date she signed it

Note: [Whereupon, the witness reviews the exhibit on his screen.]

Keith Davidson: Yeah. This is Johnny Crawford that we mentioned earlier, which is a notary. August 6, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And who, if anyone, signed the Agreement on behalf of AMI?

Keith Davidson: I don't -- it looks to be Chief Content Officer, which would be Dylan Howard.

Joshua Steinglass: So, Dylan Howard's title is listed. Do you recognize whether or not that's his signature?

Keith Davidson: Not particularly.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Let's go back to People's 176A in evidence. Specifically, Page 9, Lines 357 to 61.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you, this is this another text exchange between you and Dylan Howard from August 5, 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Let me double-check one moment. I think I misspoke.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this a text exchange between you and Dylan Howard from August 8th of 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes. What was the date of that AMI? The 5th? That last exhibit?

Joshua Steinglass: I don't want to testify. We can pull that back up. I believe you told us it was signed on August 6th. Let me show you the first page in terms of the Effective Date.

Keith Davidson: Fair enough. Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: So, just for the record, what is the Effective Date of the contract?

Keith Davidson: August 5, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Going back now to what we were showing you before, some texts on Page 9 of 176A.

Joshua Steinglass: Lines 357 to 61. And were these texts back and forth sent on August 8th, and at the very bottom August 9th, of 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what do the texts say, please?

Keith Davidson: This is from me to Dylan: "I am going to let ABC know that Karen has decided to keep her story quiet. I'm going to let them know that the family has begged and pleaded with her to not come out and that she has promised her family she wouldn't. I will have Karen ignore all of their calls. Any objection?"

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: I stated before we had parallel negotiations with AMI and ABC, and I needed to, sort of, off-board ABC. And I'll leave it at that.

Joshua Steinglass: How did Dylan Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: "Yep, that's fine."

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you say after that?

Keith Davidson: [Laughs] Um, "By the way, they promised her a role on Dancing With the Stars, season 578568655."

Joshua Steinglass: Was the number of the season another joke?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Does "BTW" stand for "by the way"? I know that is a silly question.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Had a potential role on Dancing With the Stars been part of the package that you were negotiating with ABC on behalf of Ms. McDougal?

Keith Davidson: It was discussed a lot. Um, and it was -- there was an inference that best efforts would be made to make that happen, but it was never guaranteed, and it was never part of the deal. But -- best -- best efforts were discussed.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And how did Dylan respond?

Keith Davidson: "Ha." A laugh.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he send you another text?

Keith Davidson: Yes. "Payment will be made this week. FYI -- sooner rather than later. Is it going to you?"

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Thank you very much.

Joshua Steinglass: You can take that down.

Joshua Steinglass: Mr. Davidson, do you know someone named Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: In what context?

Keith Davidson: Stormy Daniels was a client of mine.

Joshua Steinglass: And are you aware of her going by any other names?

Keith Davidson: Stephanie Clifford.

Joshua Steinglass: How did it come to be that you represented Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Stormy Daniels was a talent, and she was managed by Gina Rodriguez, who we discussed earlier. And, so, Gina referred Stormy to me.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. And what was your understanding of the relationship at the time between Stormy Daniels and Gina Rodriguez at the time?

Keith Davidson: Gina was a talent manager, and Stormy was talent.

Joshua Steinglass: Was -- so, I guess my question is, was Gina Stormy's manager?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: When you said -- earlier, you told us about a 2011 encounter Gina had with Michael Cohen and also involved Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: In 2011, did you ever speak to Stormy Daniels, or did you deal exclusively with Gina Rodriguez, or someone else?

Keith Davidson: I think I had a brief conversation with Stormy and Gina.

Joshua Steinglass: In 2011?

Keith Davidson: Yeah. But, most of my conversations, I believe, were with Gina.

Joshua Steinglass: What, if anything, did you do on behalf of Stormy Daniels in 2011?

Keith Davidson: Sent a Cease-and-Desist Letter to the blog that we mentioned earlier, The Dirty.com.

Joshua Steinglass: So, the name of the blog is The Dirty.com?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What was the nature of the story that was on the blog that caused you to send the Cease-and-Desist Letter?

Keith Davidson: There was a blog post or a story posted on the website that stated that Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump had -- had some sort of a physical or romantic, um, interaction.

Joshua Steinglass: So, you said that in connection with this effort on your part, that you had a conversation with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us how that came about and how that conversation went?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Michael Cohen -- the blog post had published. And, apparently -- or, I was informed that Gina had received a phone call from Michael Cohen. And the phone call that she received from Michael Cohen, I think it was a voicemail. I know it was a voicemail. And it might have either been a voicemail or a phone call that was answered by Gina's ex-husband.

Keith Davidson: In any event, Gina called me up to tell me that: "Some jerk called me and was very, very aggressive and threatened to sue me. And I, um, would like you, Keith, to call this jerk back."

Joshua Steinglass: I hate to ask it this way, but who was that "jerk"?

Keith Davidson: It was Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: So, what happened when you called -- did you call Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Tell us about that.

Keith Davidson: Gina provided me the number that he left, either with her ex or on the voicemail. It was for The Trump Organization. I called. I was transferred to Michael Cohen. I introduced myself. And before I could barely get my name out, I was just met with, like, a hustle barrage of insults and insinuations and allegations.

Keith Davidson: That went on for quite a while.

Joshua Steinglass: What was the gist of what he was accusing you of?

Keith Davidson: [Pause] I don't think he was accusing us of anything. He was just screaming.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. What was he upset about?

Keith Davidson: He was upset that -- that the story on The Dirty.com got published, and he believed that Stormy Daniels was the source behind the story.

Joshua Steinglass: So, what did you tell him?

Keith Davidson: Well, finally, um, after he finished, I -- I explained to him that I was calling because my client, Stormy Daniels, did not want the story published, and I wanted to see if he had done anything to contact The Dirty to get that story taken down as of that time. He told me that he had not yet done anything.

Keith Davidson: And then, when I told him that my client wanted it taken down, he was like: "Well, why don't you go have them do it and let me know how you make out."

Joshua Steinglass: How -- withdrawn. You said you sent a Cease-and-Desist Letter, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What happened as a result of you sending that Cease-and-Desist Letter?

Keith Davidson: I was successful in accomplishing my client's goals, in having that story taken down.

Joshua Steinglass: That was in 2011?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, in the Summer and Fall of 2016, did you resume representation of Stormy Daniels in the matter of her liaison with Mr. Trump?

Keith Davidson: In the Summer of 2016?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes. The Summer -- actually, I think the question was, Summer and Fall. You can clarify.

Keith Davidson: I -- no, I don't believe so. I don't think it was until the Fall.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, let me show you what's in evidence as People's 176A. This is that same set of text messages. I want to go back to Page 4, specifically, Lines 175 to 177.

Joshua Steinglass: Again, I'll ask you, is this another text exchange between you and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the date of this exchange?

Keith Davidson: June 30, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: What do the texts say?

Keith Davidson: This is from Dylan to me: "FYI Gina trying to hawk Stormy again."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Part of Gina's role and responsibility or services that she provided was to monetize stories in the press. She was like a story broker. And Dylan, obviously, was a purchaser of stories. So, I interpreted from this text that Dylan had been approached by Gina, who was trying to sell the story regarding Stormy and Donald Trump again.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you respond in some way?

Keith Davidson: I responded: "LOL -- she's trying to sell a story to you?", question mark.

Joshua Steinglass: "LOL", is that texting lingo for "laugh out loud"?

Keith Davidson: It is.

Joshua Steinglass: How did Dylan respond?

Keith Davidson: "Yep."

Joshua Steinglass: How did you interpret that whole exchange? What did you interpret that to mean?

Keith Davidson: As I previously stated, that Gina was trying to -- was bringing this story back to market.

Joshua Steinglass: And that she had contacted Dylan Howard about it?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did there come a point in time in which interest in the Stormy Daniels story increased?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain that a little bit?

Keith Davidson: Um, well, in 2011, we know that The Dirty published their story. And I think I later learned that there was some other interest in 2011 from In Touch Magazine. Years went by. At least five years went by until that last text message with Dylan. Um, and, really, there was very little -- to Gina's dissatisfaction, very little interest in the story publishing or in the marketability of the story.

Keith Davidson: Um, this -- this continued through the Summer from what I understand. I was not involved. But, through the Summer into the Fall, where there was still being very little interest, despite the fact that Mr. Trump's notoriety was gaining.

Joshua Steinglass: Directing your attention to October 7th -- excuse me -- of 2016. Did you come to learn about the release of something that's known as the Access Hollywood tape?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And, briefly, for the jury, what is the Access Hollywood tape?

Keith Davidson: The Access Hollywood tape, from what I understand, was -- was what's called a hot mic, which is a microphone that's recording. Um, and I think the insinuation when you say "hot mic" is it's live and recording, but perhaps unknown to the person who is mic'd. So, this was an incident where Donald Trump and Billy Bush was in the van.

Keith Davidson: They were on the set of Access Hollywood, or it was released by Access Hollywood. I don't even know. There was an allegation that -- at least a record -- the hot mic recorded some statements by both men, um, that were troublesome.

Joshua Steinglass: What impact, if any, did the release of the Access Hollywood tape have on interest in Stormy Daniels' story, so far as you were aware?

Keith Davidson: So far as I'm aware, it had tremendous influence.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain that a little bit to the jury, please?

Keith Davidson: Before -- yes. Before Access Hollywood tape, there was very little, if any interest, from what I understand, and Gina was trying to sell the Stormy Daniels/Donald Trump story. It wasn't until Access Hollywood that interest sort of reached a crescendo.

Joshua Steinglass: So, going back to People's 176A in evidence, specifically on Page 1761, Lines 482 to 494. Is this another text exchange between you and Dylan Howard on October 8th and October 9th of 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who sent the first text in this chain?

Keith Davidson: It's from me.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you say?

Keith Davidson: "Trump is F'd."

Joshua Steinglass: You wrote the whole word out, "F'd", in the text?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: What prompted you to say that Trump was "F'd"?

Keith Davidson: The Access Hollywood tape.

Joshua Steinglass: How did Dylan Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: He responded with a: "Wave the white flag. It's over people!", explanation point.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did you interpret that?

Keith Davidson: I think he was seconding my opinion.

Joshua Steinglass: Based on the Access Hollywood tape?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you say after that?

Keith Davidson: Well, this is the next day. It looks like from Keith to Dylan: "Hi, the story is already out there."

Joshua Steinglass: And did you send that along with a link to The Dirty.com?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is that the same article in Dirty dot com which you had successfully removed five years earlier?

Keith Davidson: Yes. They republished the same article.

Joshua Steinglass: After the Access Hollywood tape?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did Dylan say at that point?

Keith Davidson: His response on October 9th was: "Yeah" -- excuse me. "Yeah, but her talking and taping blank is the final nail in the coffin. Dot dot dot. But he's -- he's fucked already."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: That was Dylan who was the author of that.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm sorry. What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That The Dirty post was bad, but it could get a lot worse.

Joshua Steinglass: How could it get a lot worse?

Keith Davidson: If she made comment.

Joshua Steinglass: In other words, The Dirty.com story was kind of a third-party account, that would be different from one of the participants in a sexual encounter publicly revealing the details of that?

Keith Davidson: Precisely.

Joshua Steinglass: Then, how did you respond to that?

Keith Davidson: "He really is."

Joshua Steinglass: Now, around that time, did you become involved in negotiating a deal on behalf of Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Did you work on a deal involving Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Ultimately, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, how did that come about?

Keith Davidson: [No response].

Joshua Steinglass: You should explain whatever hesitation you have here.

Keith Davidson: Gina, after the Access Hollywood tape, she went directly to Dylan and negotiated a deal with Dylan, outside of me. I had nothing to do with that deal. And I believe they came to terms.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm sorry?

Keith Davidson: I believe they came to terms.

Joshua Steinglass: Did there come a time when you spoke with Dylan Howard about the Stormy Daniels story?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did that conversation go?

Keith Davidson: I don't -- I don't recall. Other than what has already been displayed.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, let me show you People's 178A in evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: So everyone can see it.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you, do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And is this a record of texts among yourself, Michael Cohen and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you answer that?

Keith Davidson: Yes. It is a record of texts between the three of us.

Joshua Steinglass: Can we just un-blow it up for one second?

Joshua Steinglass: How many texts are in this chain?

Keith Davidson: Two.

Joshua Steinglass: Now we can blow it back up. Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the date of these two texts?

Keith Davidson: October 10th.

Joshua Steinglass: Of 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is said during this text exchange?

Keith Davidson: This is authored by Dylan: "Keith, slash, Michael. Connecting you both in regards to that business opportunity. Spoke to the client this AM and they're confirmed to proceed with the opportunity. Thanks. Dylan."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Well, prior to this text, like I said, Gina and Dylan had come to terms on an agreement that AMI had agreed to purchase this story for $120,000. Dylan and AMI backed out of that deal. It sort of fell apart. And Gina -- excuse me -- Dylan asked Gina to call Michael Cohen and finish the deal with him. And Gina refused.

Keith Davidson: So, she asked me to call Cohen. And I refused. And then Dylan called me to convince me to call Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: So, can we just break that down?

Keith Davidson: Sure.

Joshua Steinglass: Though you didn't use pronouns, so that was helpful.

Keith Davidson: The moral of the story was: No one wanted to talk to Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Q Can you walk us through that a little more slowly, that Cohen got involved in this deal, notwithstanding the fact that Gina Rodriguez and Dylan Howard had already negotiated the deal?

Keith Davidson: So, the Access Hollywood tape dropped. Gina and Dylan came to terms at 120,000. Dylan backed out, which left that deal up in the air. AMI did not want to complete the deal or would not complete the deal. And Dylan asked Gina to call Cohen and close the deal with him. Gina refused, and asked me to call Cohen on behalf of Stormy and close the deal that had already been agreed to.

Joshua Steinglass: So, Dylan sends this text, and then Dylan sends another text?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What was the other text?

Keith Davidson: "Over to the two of you."

Joshua Steinglass: Actually, it says: "Over to you two"?

Keith Davidson: "Over to you two."

Joshua Steinglass: Who did you understand "you two" to mean?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen and I.

Joshua Steinglass: Going back to that first text for a moment, what did you understand Dylan to be saying when he said: "Spoke to the client this AM and they're confirmed to proceed with the opportunity"?

Keith Davidson: That he spoke to either Gina or Gina and Stormy, and that they were confirmed to proceed. He -- Dylan was washing his hands of the deal and sort of handing the deal over to -- first, Gina to close, and then she didn't want to do that, and, ultimately, me to close with Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: What was your understanding of Michael Cohen's interest in the matter?

Keith Davidson: I believe that -- I believe that Michael Cohen was personal attorney or general counsel for Donald Trump, and that this story involved his client, and that was his interest in the story.

Joshua Steinglass: Was it it unusual -- withdrawn. You said you had known Dylan Howard for years?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And you had other business interactions with Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Was it unusual for Dylan Howard to connect you to someone outside of AMI to purchase a story?

Keith Davidson: I think this is the only time that ever happened.

Joshua Steinglass: So, did there come a time, after this, that you spoke with Michael Cohen about the Stormy Daniels story?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you remember -- withdrawn. Tell us how that conversation went.

Keith Davidson: Well, it was different than 2011. Um. And, it was fairly conciliatory. The deal had already been cut at $120,000. And -- then, um, we -- we needed to pad the deal, um, to compensate me now, because I was added to the deal, and Stormy and Gina weren't gonna take a discount for involving me. So, that 120 became 130.

Joshua Steinglass: So, when you say the deal is already cut at $120,000, it was cut between Stormy Daniels and AMI, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Was this the same deal in your mind, a different deal? How --

Keith Davidson: It was the same deal. They were going to acquire the intellectual property rights in this story, exclusive rights.

Joshua Steinglass: But, instead of AMI purchasing it, it was now Michael Cohen, on behalf of Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Well, after AMI washed their hands of the deal and then they handed it -- handed it -- AMI handed it off to Cohen, they -- in essence, Michael Cohen stepped into AMI's shoes.

Joshua Steinglass: And at the time that you got involved, had Michael Cohen already stepped into AMI's shoes?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you negotiate -- withdrawn. Did you -- you said you had to "pad the deal" so that you could get compensated, is that right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you "pad the deal" so you could get compensated?

Keith Davidson: Gina approached me. She said, "Hey, can we have this deal?" She said, "It's going to be the easiest deal you've ever done in your entire life." [Laughs]. "It's already been negotiated. It's already done. All you need to do is paper it and talk to that asshole Cohen."

Joshua Steinglass: That's what Gina said?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you know when you were dealing with Michael Cohen that you were dealing with Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes. I never thought otherwise.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did you change the terms of the deal that had previously been negotiated between Gina and Dylan Howard so that you would be compensated now that the deal was between Stormy Daniels and Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I think a little of that happened even before my involvement, and there was a -- when Dylan washed his hands of it, um, he and Gina had a conversation. And -- and Gina said, "Well, look, we already have a deal of 120. If I need to bring a lawyer into this, our net is going to be reduced." And Dylan said, "Don't worry about it. We'll make the deal or Cohen will make the deal 150,000." And then Gina called me, engaged me. I called Cohen and picked it up.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the price that you agreed on with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: So, the 150 wasn't really true. Um, it turned out to be 130. So, it was the original 120, plus 10,000.

Joshua Steinglass: I am now showing you People's Exhibit 63 in evidence. I'm going to display Page 1.

Joshua Steinglass: This is in evidence. Everyone can see it.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

Keith Davidson: This is an email from me to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date of this email from you to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: October 11, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Did the email contain attachments?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are those attachments listed where it says "attachments"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What were the attachments to the email?

Keith Davidson: Side Letter Agreement, Confidential Settlement Agreement, and my firm's wiring instructions, bank wiring instructions.

Joshua Steinglass: Who were the parties to the Settlement Agreement?

Keith Davidson: It was Stormy Daniels on one side and -- you see the subject line "SD"?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Keith Davidson: Stormy Daniels versus RCI.

Joshua Steinglass: What's "RCI"?

Keith Davidson: "RCI" was an LLC that Michael told me he was going to use to pay for this deal.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know what that -- off the top of your head, do you remember what that stands for?

Keith Davidson: Resolution Consultants Incorporated, I believe.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did the settlement use pseudonyms?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What was Stormy Daniels' pseudonym?

Keith Davidson: "Peggy Peterson".

Joshua Steinglass: What was Donald Trump's pseudonym?

Keith Davidson: I think it was "David Dennison".

Joshua Steinglass: Who came up with those pseudonyms?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: How?

Keith Davidson: I used PP because she was the plaintiff, and DD because he was the defendant.

Joshua Steinglass: Is David Dennison a real person?

Keith Davidson: He was on my high school hockey team.

Joshua Steinglass: How does he feel about you now?

Keith Davidson: He's very upset.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, one of the attachments that you mentioned was called a Side Letter Agreement, I believe you said?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What's a Side Letter Agreement?

Keith Davidson: The Side Letter Agreement is an addendum to an underlying contract, and, um, it has terms to the original contract.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Theresa Magniccari relieves Senior Court Report Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: And is what was the purpose of using a side letter agreement with this particular deal?

Keith Davidson: The Side Letter Agreement -- the purpose for using a Side Letter Agreement, it uses like code words that are used in a military-like operation, so it ensures the further confidentiality in case a fully executed contract was lost or stolen. So even if that occurred, you wouldn't lose the confidential nature of the document.

Keith Davidson: So the Side Letter Agreement is typically used in these cases to identify the identity of the true parties involved. And it's really for attorneys' eyes only.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, just to be clear, who were the two parties to this agreement, whose names, whose identities were being protected?

Keith Davidson: Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: One of the attachments also to this email -- withdrawn. What did you say in the body of the email in which you transmitted these documents? Let's start with Paragraph 1.

Keith Davidson: Paragraph 1?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Keith Davidson: Would you like me to read it?

Joshua Steinglass: Please.

Keith Davidson: "Please fund Ms. Daniels' settlement agreement and Side Letter Agreement attached." "I have notified in the Side Letter Agreement (SLA) which identities the parties to this agreement." "Under the terms of the agreement, neither my client nor I are entitled to possession of the Side Letter Agreement." That's Paragraph 1.

Joshua Steinglass: I am sorry.

Keith Davidson: That's Paragraph 1.

Joshua Steinglass: So why were you as the lawyer not entitled to keep a copy?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen demanded that only he retain a copy of the Side Letter Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: Is that unusual?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Paragraph 2, please?

Keith Davidson: "The settlement sum is $130,000. I have also attached my firm's wiring instructions for your reference."

Joshua Steinglass: Is that the clause that contains the payment being made to Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And does that sum of $130,000 include your fee and Gina Rodriguez's fee?

Keith Davidson: Yes, the gross. That's the gross. Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Thank you. Paragraph 3.

Keith Davidson: "Ms. Daniels expressed dissatisfaction with your schedule of a delay of ten days for funding." "To that end, you'll see that I placed this Friday, 10/14/16, as the funding deadline. Let me know if there is a problem."

Joshua Steinglass: What is a funding deadline?

Keith Davidson: Well, the contract called for payment, a settlement sum, and the funding deadline to which it must be funded.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you actually receive payment from anyone on the Trump side on October 14, 2016?

Keith Davidson: We did not.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know why not?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm showing you People's Exhibit 64 in evidence. Do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this an email -- withdrawn. What is this?

Keith Davidson: This is an email from me to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: On what day?

Keith Davidson: October 12, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: What does it say on the subject line?

Keith Davidson: "Daniels."

Joshua Steinglass: And just zooming back out for a minute. If we were to read this exhibit chronologically, would we start at the bottom?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Let's start at the bottom. Can you describe what is said in this exchange?

Keith Davidson: "We good."

Joshua Steinglass: Who said that?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did Michael Cohen respond?

Keith Davidson: Yes. It's Yom Kippur, so the office is closed for all purposes. I will start over. "Yes, it's Yom Kippur so the office is for all purposes closed. I am in tomorrow, but I can speak for the next three hours via cell, if necessary."

Joshua Steinglass: How, if at all, did you respond to that?

Keith Davidson: Because it was a holiday, I didn't feel the need to speak that day. I said: "It was not necessary to speak today." You should have all the -- "you should have all the executed documents a few days ago. Talk to you tomorrow."

Joshua Steinglass: When you wrote the "executed documents," was that a reference to the signed attachments that you sent the day before that were part of People's 63 that we just saw?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Showing you People's 65 in evidence. Do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is this?

Keith Davidson: This is an email from me to Michael Cohen on October 14, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And, among other things, are you re-forwarding the email from October 11th, which included all those attachments we just described?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did it include the wiring instructions for a second time?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Why did you resend the documents?

Keith Davidson: Well, after the Yom Kippur email, which I at some point began to think is an excuse for failure to fund -- there were other excuses. And the other excuses included, you know, for example, well, Yom Kippur, and included the fact that he didn't have my wiring instructions. So I re-forwarded him the wiring instructions.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I am now showing you People's Exhibit 281 in evidence. Do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this -- what is this?

Keith Davidson: This is an email from me to Michael Cohen, dated October 17, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the subject line?

Keith Davidson: "PP versus DD. Important."

Joshua Steinglass: And what does "PP" and "DD" refer to?

Keith Davidson: The pseudonyms that we used in the Settlement Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: Peggy Peterson and David Dennison?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: You told us, I think, the date of the email was what?

Keith Davidson: October 17, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the domain of the email address that you used for Michael Cohen when you sent this email?

Keith Davidson: TrumpOrg.com.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you please read the email?

Keith Davidson: "Michael, I have been charged by my client with forwarding the below message. We have a written Settlement Agreement which calls for settlement payment to be made by the end of business this past Friday, October 14, 2016. No payment was received." Next paragraph: "We spoke on Friday October 14, you stated that the funds would be wired today, October 17, 2016. No funds have been received as of the sending of this email." Next paragraph: "My client informs me that she intends to cancel the settlement contract if no funds are received by 5 p.m. Pacific Time today.

Keith Davidson: Please call me if you have any questions." "Keith."

Joshua Steinglass: What prompted you to send this email?

Keith Davidson: Their failure to meet the funding deadline repeatedly and being met with a barrage of excuses as to why they had failed.

Joshua Steinglass: In addition to these emails back and forth between yourself and Michael Cohen, were you also speaking with him on the phone during this period?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us, in general, every conversation -- can you tell us, in general, what those conversations were like?

Keith Davidson: They were rather conciliatory, but it was sort of circular arguments. It was excuses. It was contradictions. Things that he was saying didn't make sense from one conversation to the next. Again, the contradictions just didn't leave me with a comfort level that there was a true intention to fund the deal.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember any of the other excuses that he gave you?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Tell us some?

Keith Davidson: He stated that the computer systems were "all fucked up." He stated, "You can't believe what we're going through. The Secret Service is in here. They have so many goddamn fire walls. I can't get shit. It's not my fault. You're going to have to resend the agreements again. I never got your emails." Even though he previously told me he received them and the wiring instructions.

Keith Davidson: I think that's it for this period of time that I can recall.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he ever make reference to Mr. Trump's whereabouts?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What do you remember him saying about that?

Keith Davidson: I called him and said: Michael, this is a very bad situation. I have a client and her rep Gina who is very upset. It's making me look bad. And I don't believe really a word that you are saying. And then he said: Well, goddamn it, what do you expect me to do? My guy is in five fucking states today or three or four or five different states today.

Keith Davidson: There is nothing I can do. I am doing everything I can.

Joshua Steinglass: When he said that "his guy" was in a certain number of states, who did you understand "his guy" to be making reference to?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the relevance based on your conversation with Michael Cohen about -- what was the relevance of the fact that Mr. Trump was in three or four or five different states?

Keith Davidson: What did that mean to me?

Joshua Steinglass: What did it mean to you?

Keith Davidson: To me it was similar -- it's a situation I run into all the time. It was similar to like someone who doesn't have the purse strings. It's like an attorney has to go call an insurance adjuster. Like that. Michael Cohen didn't have the authority to actually spend money despite the fact there has been so many excuses and funding deadlines that have already been missed.

Joshua Steinglass: You believe that Michael Cohen didn't have the authority to spend the money?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he at some point say something to you about what he would do to get the money?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did he say?

Keith Davidson: Well, I think you can tell by these emails that I was sending him there was a great level of frustration by me and my client -- clients and her rep. I let him know that the level of dissatisfaction was quite high. And he stated, "Goddamn it, I'll just do it myself."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand him to mean when he said, "I'll just do it myself?"

Keith Davidson: That he would not seek authority to consummate the deal -- excuse me -- fund the deal. It was consummated with a signature. He would waive the authority in order to fund.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you ever believe that Michael Cohen was going to be the ultimate source of the funds?

Keith Davidson: Never, never prior to funding, no.

Joshua Steinglass: Even after he said, "I'll just do it myself," where did you understand the money would be coming from?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Keith Davidson: From Donald Trump or some corporate affiliation thereof.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So I am going to show you People's 282 in evidence. Is this another email from you to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date and subject line?

Keith Davidson: October 17, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And the subject?

Keith Davidson: "PP versus DD. Important."

Joshua Steinglass: And the body of the email?

Keith Davidson: "Please be advised that my client deems her Settlement Agreement cancelled and void Ab initio."

Joshua Steinglass: And who did you mean by "my client?"

Keith Davidson: Stormy Daniels.

Joshua Steinglass: And what does "Ab initio" mean?

Keith Davidson: It's a Latin term used in the law for void, I believe. Void from the beginning of time, as if it never occurred at all.

Joshua Steinglass: Why did you tell Michael Cohen that you no longer represented Stormy Daniels in this deal or any other matter?

Keith Davidson: It was two-fold. One: Because I divested myself of the case. And, two: Because I didn't want to keep -- I didn't want to receive a million frustrating phone calls from Michael. He created this drama and this situation.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you communicate with Stormy Daniels and/or Gina Rodriguez around this time?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Which one?

Keith Davidson: Both.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the nature of that conversation?

Keith Davidson: I let them know that -- well, even leading up to this, I let them know that -- well, they wanted frequent updates. I would like to start over.

Joshua Steinglass: Go ahead.

Keith Davidson: They wanted frequent updates and they received frequent updates. The only updates I could give them were the repeated excuses that I was hearing. That was a great source of frustration. And then when push came to shove, this is really -- this email that's displayed is the straw that broke the camel's back.

Keith Davidson: This is where push came to shove. This is when I said, hey, this deal is over. And I said to both Cohen and to my client, "I'm out. Go in peace."

Joshua Steinglass: During either that conversation, or another conversation with Stormy Daniels and/or Gina Rodriguez, did they express to you any views about what was happening here?

Keith Davidson: I'm not going to answer that question based on attorney/client privilege.

Joshua Steinglass: Fair enough. Let me ask you this: Do you believe that you represented Gina in this matter as well?

Keith Davidson: I don't mean to parse words, but I viewed Gina's role in this situation as that of a manager, which would make her a legal agent to my client Stormy Daniels. So if I was talking to Gina, it was if I was talking to my client and the privilege would exist.

Joshua Steinglass: All right. Did there come a time when you resumed your involvement, notwithstanding this email, in the deal between Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did that come about?

Keith Davidson: I don't have a specific recollection.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember talking with Dylan Howard at any point during this period of where you believed you were getting excuses from Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us about that conversation or conversations that you had with Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: I recall having conversations with Dylan where I would express that I believed Cohen was not being truthful.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say you believed you expressed to Dylan that Cohen was not being truthful, not being truthful about what?

Keith Davidson: About his excuses for failure to fund.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you think was really happening?

Keith Davidson: What did I think was really happening?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes, in terms of Michael Cohen's failure to fund. What did you believe was really happening?

Keith Davidson: I thought he was trying to kick the can down the road until after the election.

Joshua Steinglass: Are we taking an afternoon break? If so, this would be a good time.

Juan Merchan: All right, I will see you at 10 to 4.

Note: [Witness leaving courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: Just give me a sense. I am not rushing you.

Joshua Steinglass: An hour and a half.

Juan Merchan: I will see you at 10 to 4.

Court Clerk: Continued case on trial, People versus Donald J. Trump.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury.

Juan Merchan: Continuing case on trial, People versus Donald J. Trump. All parties and all jurors are present.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Good afternoon again, Mr. Davidson.

Keith Davidson: Good afternoon.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to show you People's 176A again. Specifically, Page 10, lines 500 to 503. Is this the text exchange between yourself and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date of these texts?

Keith Davidson: October 17, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Through?

Keith Davidson: October 18, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So who is the first text in this particular exchange from?

Keith Davidson: This is from Dylan to me.

Joshua Steinglass: What does it say?

Keith Davidson: "Cohen texting me if I have reached Gina." I said: "She's not taking my calls again. I want distance." He writes back: "You're kidding me. One way they can settle this impending storm."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand this to mean?

Keith Davidson: That Cohen was leaning on Dylan to placate Gina.

Joshua Steinglass: And -- withdrawn. Okay. Did you respond?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you respond?

Keith Davidson: "I can't believe Cohen let this go. It's going to be a shit show."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: Once I divested myself from the case and Gina and Stormy were -- I think they were going to publicize the matter.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "publicize the matter," you mean through a different media outlet?

Keith Davidson: Or many.

Joshua Steinglass: Or many different media outlets. So, specifically, what did you mean when you said "it's going to be a shit show?"

Keith Davidson: I just felt like it was going to be more than a flurry of activity. I felt it would be a tornado.

Joshua Steinglass: When the story got out, if the story got out?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did Dylan Howard say in response, if anything?

Keith Davidson: "Did they do the deal?"

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: I think that Gina and Stormy had another deal, a backup deal in the wings, and he was asking if they closed that secondary deal.

Joshua Steinglass: "He," being Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you respond?

Keith Davidson: "That's what I hear. I think it will be a full on blitz."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that?

Keith Davidson: That there would be tremendous media activity around the subject of the story.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, again, without getting into the substance of privileged conversations, would you say you were talking during this period more with Gina Rodriguez or more with Stormy Daniels or about the same?

Keith Davidson: I think overall I was talking to Gina, overall, 85 percent of the time. When things got really heated, Stormy participated more, but I think around this time it was probably just Gina.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Moving onto Page 11, entries 504 to 506. I think, continuing this exchange, how did Dylan respond?

Keith Davidson: "I bet."

Joshua Steinglass: And -- withdrawn. Did he then send a follow up?

Keith Davidson: He did.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did he say?

Keith Davidson: I am quoting Dylan, he said: "All because Trump is tight."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That Mr. Trump was frugal.

Joshua Steinglass: What relevance did this have to the conversation that you were having with Dylan, Mr. Trump's frugality?

Keith Davidson: That they had this deal on a silver platter. It was there for the taking. It didn't close. The only way it doesn't close is because it didn't fund. The only reason it didn't fund is because they didn't want to spend the money.

Joshua Steinglass: During your dealings with Michael Cohen, did he tell you who he was representing in these negotiations?

Keith Davidson: I don't think -- every single time I talked to Michael Cohen, he leaned on his close affiliation with Donald Trump. I don't know if it was ever explicitly said, "I am negotiating this matter on behalf of Donald Trump," it was part of his identity and he let me know it every opportunity he could, that he was working for Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And when you were negotiating the settlement agreement with Michael Cohen, did you have an understanding of who was ultimately going to be responsible for paying Ms. Daniels?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Let me show you privately Grand Jury Page 525. I believe that's People's Exhibit 508A. I am going to ask you, just yourself and the parties and the Judge --

Emil Bove: I object to this.

Juan Merchan: Approach.

Emil Bove: The last question was: Do you have an understanding of who was going to be ultimately responsible? I am summarizing. The answer is no. The witness didn't indicate there was any lack of recollection. Now we're basically -- the People's witness -- impeaching their testimony. Either way, it should not be put in front of him right now.

Emil Bove: The answer is the answer. It should stand.

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am deliberately not violating Penal Law 60.35 by not asking him the substance of the previous communication. I am showing it to him to refresh his recollection without disclosing the content.

Juan Merchan: He hasn't stated he needs his recollection refreshed. You haven't asked him. So your objection is sustained.

Emil Bove: He's been precise about refreshing his recollection. He did not have such an understanding. It would be improper to go back and say --

Juan Merchan: Let's see if it does.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Your objection is sustained. Can you please read back the last question.

Note: [Whereupon, the Official Court Reporter read back the referred-to-question.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Mr. Davidson, have you previously testified about this point in the Grand Jury in this case?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Would reviewing that testimony help refresh your recollection about your answer to that question?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. Please approach.

Emil Bove: This is what I was concerned about at the end of the last sidebar. The witness has not indicated that he has a lack of recollection. To ask a leading question to try to drive him to say, yes, I do have an absence of recollection so it could be refreshed, that is improper. The answer should stand.

Joshua Steinglass: The whole point, how should I find out if he needs his recollection refreshed or ask him?

Juan Merchan: He hasn't said he could have his recollection refreshed. He gave an answer. That's his answer.

Joshua Steinglass: I don't know if this is appropriate, but, you know, the fact that there was a very long pause between the answer that he gave and the question that I asked, that is part of why I am seeing if something could refresh his recollection. I could acknowledge that he gave the answer.

Juan Merchan: You could go back and ask.

Joshua Steinglass: I can do that.

Juan Merchan: Just in fairness, Mr. Bove, you might have a few times yourself --

Emil Bove: In the context where I get to lead the witness.

Juan Merchan: That's true.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Okay. The objection is sustained.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Mr. Davidson, I notice when I asked you that last question about what your understanding was about who was going to be ultimately responsible, you paused before you gave your answer, is that true?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Does that pause -- is that pause any indication that you might want to have your recollection refreshed?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained to form.

Joshua Steinglass: As you sit here --

Keith Davidson: Can I have the question read back?

Joshua Steinglass: Which question? It was sustained. I don't think it can be read back. Let me ask a different question. Is there a question that I asked that you are unclear about what I was asking?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: So a few questions ago I asked the question: When you were negotiating the Settlement Agreement with Michael Cohen, did you have an understanding of who was ultimately going to be responsible for paying Ms. Daniels. Is that the question that you wanted to be read back?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: That one, you could answer that, there is no objection. How would you answer that?

Keith Davidson: I find that question confusing.

Joshua Steinglass: Sorry. Let me see if I could clarify. Who were you negotiating with -- withdrawn. Is your problem my use of the word "negotiating," is that a big problem?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: When you were dealing with Michael Cohen --

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: -- did you have an understanding of how this deal was going to be funded?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Keith Davidson: I had an assumption.

Emil Bove: Objection. Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: Did Michael Cohen say anything to you during the negotiations that led you to believe that there was someone other than Michael Cohen who was funding this transaction?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: What pauses your uncertainty on this?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: A few moments ago we saw a text in which you and Dylan Howard were discussing the fact that you perceived Mr. Trump as being frugal?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember giving that answer?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What about Mr. Trump's frugality is relevant to this exchange that you were having with Mr. Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: It was my understanding that Mr. Trump was the beneficiary of this contract and that in the overwhelming majority of cases the beneficiary of the contract is the one who funds it.

Emil Bove: Objection. Move to strike the last part.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. The answer is stricken.

Joshua Steinglass: So what did you an attribute the lack of funding of the deal at this point?

Keith Davidson: Frugality.

Joshua Steinglass: Whose frugality?

Emil Bove: Objection. May I be heard at sidebar?

Juan Merchan: Yes, please approach.

Emil Bove: Thank you for hearing me, Judge. My objection is that we've now endeavored to attack this several different ways. Each of them has been inadmissible. We're now in a place where this is asked and answered several times over, and I think that the Government should be required to move on from here.

Joshua Steinglass: It actually hasn't been answered. It has been asked. It has been sustained every which way. I believe the last way is a way that might not be objectionable.

Juan Merchan: I agree with, Mr. Bove. It's time to move on.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Going back to Page 11. I am going to blow up some texts in the interim between 507 and 512. This is again People's 176 in evidence. Did these texts -- actually, can we get the few texts that happened right before it as well, please. So at the top of the page, second down, we see the line you have already told us, "Because Trump is tight," is that right, from Dylan?

Keith Davidson: Talking with Dylan, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: You said, "Yep," is that right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What does Dylan say?

Keith Davidson: "I reckon that Trump impersonator I hired has more cash."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you interpret that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Yeah.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you interpret that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That Trump wasn't as wealthy as he stated.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is -- what is the relevance of that observation?

Keith Davidson: I think that was a followup to Dylan's text where he says, "Trump is tight."

Joshua Steinglass: So, moving on, do you see a few lines down.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to ask you, please, to blow up lines 513 to 519.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And what do we see here? What date is this? Who is talking?

Keith Davidson: I can't read the exhibit.

Joshua Steinglass: We will blow it back up for you in a second.

Keith Davidson: From the top?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Keith Davidson: This is October 25, 2016, from Dylan Howard: "Going to see Pecker in 15. Will ask for an update. Any word?"

Joshua Steinglass: And did you respond to that?

Keith Davidson: "Yes."

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you say?

Keith Davidson: "I'm awaiting a call any second."

Joshua Steinglass: Who were you awaiting a call from, if you remember?

Keith Davidson: I don't remember.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand Dylan Howard to mean when he said, "Going to see Pecker in 15, will ask for an update?"

Keith Davidson: I think Dylan or AMI was attempting to resurrect the Stormy Daniels deal.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. How did Dylan Howard respond?

Keith Davidson: The third text down?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Keith Davidson: "Okay."

Joshua Steinglass: Did he send another text?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the next text? Is this still on October 25th?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did he say?

Keith Davidson: "It's like he is telling me what he wrote to someone else."

Joshua Steinglass: Maybe if you could read the text first, then I will ask you how you interpret it.

Keith Davidson: I wrote: "Keep calling you urgently. Period. We have to coordinate something on the matter he is calling you about, or it could look awful for everyone."

Joshua Steinglass: You started to tell us what you understood this to mean?

Keith Davidson: Yes. I think that this, he is forwarding me a text that he wrote to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Were you, in fact, trying to reach Michael Cohen yourself at this point?

Keith Davidson: I don't believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to privately show you what's been marked for identification as People's Exhibit 337.

Emil Bove: Same objection with the Grand Jury testimony.

Juan Merchan: No speaking objections.

Joshua Steinglass: This is just for the witness, the parties, and the court.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you recognize this document?

Emil Bove: Objection, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. The objection is sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: So going back to People's 176A, after that last text, does Dylan Howard send another text?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is that text?

Keith Davidson: "Push for the cash. D.P. and I told him he has to pay the $150."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That in the context of what is on the screen there was an attempt to resurrect this deal that had once fallen apart. That AMI had divested itself from the deal, but they were encouraging Cohen to deal directly with me, and that I should try to get as much as I could, up to $150,000.

Joshua Steinglass: And who did you understand "D.P." to be a reference to?

Keith Davidson: David Pecker.

Joshua Steinglass: So when you say "resurrect the deal," the deal between whom?

Keith Davidson: Well, the Stormy Daniels deal, but the party on the other side of the deal from Stormy had changed. It changed from AMI to Cohen or his corporate entity.

Joshua Steinglass: So when you said "resurrect the deal," are you speaking that you interpreted this as resurrecting AMI's deal with Stormy Daniels or resurrecting Michael Cohen and his entity's deal with Stormy Daniels?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: Which deal are you talking about resurrecting, which deal are you interpreting this as a deal to resurrect?

Keith Davidson: The Stormy Daniels deal.

Joshua Steinglass: But who is on the other side?

Keith Davidson: That is what had changed.

Joshua Steinglass: It had changed from what to what?

Keith Davidson: From AMI to Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And keep going, please. What is the next?

Keith Davidson: The next text is from me to Dylan. He says, "You said you're paying."

Joshua Steinglass: So, he says, "You said you're paying?"

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is meant by "he?"

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: So does this mean at some point during this text exchange you had a conversation with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us a little bit about that conversation, whatever you remember?

Keith Davidson: Yes, it was very frustrating. The entire matter was very frustrating that it was on again and off again. That there were delays in funding, cancellations, disengaging from the client, reengaging with the client, Stormy and Gina. Then Dylan sort of as a peacemaker, sort of brought me back into the fold. He said he reached out to Pecker, and that everything was teed up. And then Dylan tells me: Push for the cash.

Keith Davidson: And then basically tells me to call Cohen. Then when I call Cohen, he says: I'm not paying anything, AMI is paying. It was just one more snafu.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you respond to Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: "I am sorry."

Joshua Steinglass: You said you sent that text: "He says you're paying?"

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you then send another text?

Keith Davidson: Yes. "Call whenever."

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I am now showing you People's 283 in evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: Maybe load that top portion up.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to ask you, what is this document?

Keith Davidson: This is now the fourth or fifth time I sent my wiring instructions to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And in this email, to which domain, email address did you use for Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Gmail.com.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the subject line?

Keith Davidson: "Wiring instructions."

Joshua Steinglass: And the date of this email?

Keith Davidson: October 26, 2016. This is now October 26, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. What does the body of the email say?

Keith Davidson: There is no body of the email.

Joshua Steinglass: Is there an attachment?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the attachment?

Keith Davidson: My wiring instructions.

Joshua Steinglass: Can we see Page 2 in this exhibit.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Is this, Page 2, is this the wiring instructions to wire money to your attorney/client trust account?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What made you resend these instructions?

Keith Davidson: Cohen's repeated assertion that he didn't have my wiring instructions despite the fact they were repeatedly sent to him previously.

Joshua Steinglass: I am now showing you People's 284 in evidence. Do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is this?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen had called me and said: Hey, everything is A-okay. We got everything we need. You know we're sending you the money. So I told him that I didn't believe him, and he forwarded this email to me.

Joshua Steinglass: And where was the email from that he was forwarding to you?

Keith Davidson: First Republic Bank.

Joshua Steinglass: What was the subject line that he was forwarding to you?

Keith Davidson: "First Republic Bank Transfer."

Joshua Steinglass: From which email address did he send this to you?

Keith Davidson: TrumpOrg.com.

Joshua Steinglass: Does it look like he also forwarded it to his own Gmail account?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, does this -- can we look at the bottom. Does this appear to be a forwarded email?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who was the original email, from whom to whom?

Keith Davidson: This is from, it looks like Liz Rappaport, assistant to Gary Farro -- to Michael Cohen. Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the date of that -- the date and time of that email being sent from Ms. Ms. Rappaport to Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I think this was 16 days after the original agreement was entered into: October 16, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: What does the body say?

Keith Davidson: "Good afternoon, Mr. Cohen. The funds have been deposited into your checking account. Entered in 1897. Best, Lizzie."

Joshua Steinglass: What did you take it to mean that Michael Cohen forwarded you to this email?

Keith Davidson: It meant nothing to me.

Joshua Steinglass: Why not?

Keith Davidson: Because he had my wiring instructions, all he needed to do was wire funds, but he didn't wire funds, he forwarded me an email saying that he had the money, not that he sent the money to me.

Joshua Steinglass: How would you describe Michael Cohen -- withdrawn. During this time, were you also speaking with Michael Cohen on the phone?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How would you describe his demeanor during this time?

Keith Davidson: He was highly excitable. Sort of a pants on fire kind of guy. He had a lot of things going on. Frequently I would be on the phone with him, he would take another call, he would be talking out of two ears. Sort of like that movie with the dogs and squirrels.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Steinglass, is this a good time to break?

Joshua Steinglass: We can break here.

Juan Merchan: All right. Jurors, we're going to stop at this time. We're going to pick up on Thursday at 10 a.m. We're going to start a half hour later than usual. I remind you, please, not to talk either among yourselves or with anyone else about anything related to the case. Keep an open mind. Do not form or express an opinion about the defendant's guilt or innocence until all the evidence is in and I have given you my final instructions on the law and you have begun your deliberations.

Juan Merchan: Do not request, accept, agree to accept or discuss with any person the receipt or acceptance of any payment or benefit in return for supplying any information concerning the trial. Report directly to me any attempt within your knowledge involving an attempt by any person improperly to influence you or any member of the jury.

Juan Merchan: Do not visit or view any of the locations discussed in the testimony. Do not use any program or electronic device to search for and view the locations discussed in the testimony. Do not read, view or listen to any accounts or discussions of the case, that includes the reading or the listening to the reading of any transcripts of the trial or the reading of posts on any court site.

Juan Merchan: Do not attempt to research any fact, issue or law related to the case. Do not communicate with anyone about the case by any means, including by telephone, text message, email or the internet. And do not Google or otherwise search for information about the case or the law which applies to the case or the people involved in the case.

Juan Merchan: Have a good night. I will see you Thursday.

Juan Merchan: Please be seated. Mr. Davidson, you can step out.

Juan Merchan: So I asked the jury to come back at 10. We have our hearing at 9:30. Let's get started at 9:30 sharp. I don't think we will need more than a half hour. Thank you. Have a good night.

Note: [Whereupon, the trial in this matter stood adjourned to Thursday, May 1, 2024.]