Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-testimony-new-york-business-records-hush-money-april-23-2024

Note: [Editor's note: The following transcript was provided by the New York State Unified Court System, available here: https://cqrc.al/ny-people-v-donald-j-trump. These documents were reprocessed by optical character recognition (OCR), reviewed, formatted and checked for errors by our internal A.I. systems, and reviewed by a human. However, please check against the PDFs before quoting. A searchable PDF incorporating the corrected text can be viewed or downloaded at: https://cqrc.al/trump-ny-trial-2024-04-23 for verification.]

Court Clerk: Calling SMZ-71762-24 and SMZ-71764-24 Donald J. Trump. Appearances, please, starting with the People.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADAs Joshua Steinglass, Christopher Conroy, Matthew Colangelo, Susan Hoffinger, Becky Mangold and Katherine Ellis. Good morning.

Juan Merchan: Good morning.

Todd Blanche: Good morning, your Honor. Todd Blanch and I am joined by President Trump, Emil Bove, Susan Necheles and, today, Kendra Wharton.

Juan Merchan: Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Court Clerk: Judge, may we approach?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Discussion is held at side-bar, on the record.]

Joshua Steinglass: I would like to ask for a conference in your chambers about something that we are going to need to make a sealed record about.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Let's go.

Note: [Whereupon, sealed proceedings were held in Judge Merchan's robing room.]

Note: [Whereupon, the sealed portion was concluded.]

Note: [The following occurred in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Two matters have been called into the record. On April 15th, the People asked this Court to sign an Order to Show Cause related to allegations that the defendant had violated the Gag Order on three occasions. On April 18th, the People filed another Order to Show Cause alleging that the defendant had violated the Gag Order on seven other occasions.

Juan Merchan: The purpose of this hearing is to find out whether the defendant, Mr. Trump, should be held in contempt of court for one or all of these alleged violations. I believe it is the People's burden. I will hear you.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, Judge. Is it all right, I am going to use the podium?

Juan Merchan: Of course.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, as an initial matter, I am going to hand to the Court, and to counsel, a set of documents. The documents numbered 1 through 10 are the alleged violations. They are all documents that were part of my affirmation, but just to make this part of the record of this proceeding, I am handing a copy to the Court and a copy to counsel.

Christopher Conroy: There are also four additional documents that I may refer to in there separately. I would also note that there is a 9A. So one of the posts, post number 9, Exhibit 9, is the landing page of the Truth Social post which is a newspaper article that the defendant posted. 9A is sort of a better version of that article which is what you would see if you clicked on that article in Truth Social.

Christopher Conroy: It would blow it up into a better printout so that it is readable. Judge, each of the 10 posts that I just handed the Court and counsel violate the order restricting extrajudicial statements that this Court issued on April 1st. That order amended the Court's initial order on March 26th of 2024. Eight of the violative posts were on the defendant's Truth Social account at Real Donald Trump.

Christopher Conroy: Two of the posts were on his official campaign website Donald J. Trump dot com. Each of them violates the Court's April 1st order which is a lawful order of this Court. In that order the Court found that the types of extrajudicial statements at issue pose a very real threat to the integrity of the judicial proceedings by intimidating both defendant's direct targets, as well as others who may be called upon to participate in these proceedings and who, rightly, fear being subject for vitriol and sort of the undertow affect that we worry about.

Christopher Conroy: Here, the defendant sought an emergency stay in the First Department, and I will talk a little bit more about that in a few minutes. That application was denied on April 9th, the application for the stay and the next day the post at issue here started. Defendant has violated this order repeatedly and he hasn't stopped.

Christopher Conroy: I just want to note for the record that yesterday, here in this building, right outside those doors, in a pen setup from which he has daily conducted press conferences on his way into and out of the courtroom, the defendant violated the order again on camera. He did it right here in the hallway outside. He said, among other things, they didn't say you building a building, and this is a transcript, they didn't say you building a building and called a payment to a lawyer because as you know Cohen is a lawyer.

Christopher Conroy: He represented a lot of people over the years. I am not the only one and he wasn't very good in a lot of ways in terms of misrepresentation. But he represented a lot of people. But he puts in an invoice or whatever, a bill, and calls it a legal expense, and I got indicted for that. He later went on and said, and what are they going to look at? All the lies that Cohen did in the last trial?

Christopher Conroy: He got caught lying in the last trial. So he got caught lying, pure lying and what are they going to look at? That? We will be filing another Order to Show Cause for this violation later today. The Court has warned the Defendant, his attacks on witnesses clearly violate the order willfully and flagrantly.

Christopher Conroy: The Court should now hold him in contempt for each of the 10 posts. The initial Decision and Order on March 26th, restricting extrajudicial statements was issued after the People demonstrated a long history of attacks on all the participants in the judicial process here and in other jurisdictions, witnesses, jurors, judges, lawyers, family members.

Christopher Conroy: No one is off limits to the defendant and he can attack and seek to intimidate anyone he wants to in service to himself. On April 1st, the Court issued a second order restricting the defendant's extrajudicial statements. That order, your Honor, was issued because after the March 26th order the defendant ratcheted up attacks on family members who were not covered by that March 26th order.

Christopher Conroy: Among other things, the April 1st order prevents the Defendant from making or directing others to make public statements about known or reasonably foreseeable witnesses concerning their potential participation in the investigation or in this criminal proceeding. And in a second relevant provision, prevents the defendant from making or directing others to make public statements about any prospective juror or any juror in this criminal proceeding.

Christopher Conroy: The defendant was warned that he would face sanctions under Judiciary Law 750, (a) (3) and 751 if he violated, and here we are. Judge, I am going to go through the violations of the 10 posts that I just handed up. The first violation was on April 10, 2024, at 10:07 a.m. The defendant published a post on his Truth Social account that reproduced a social media post by Michael Avenatti, the former lawyer of Stormy Daniels who was later convicted of stealing from her.

Christopher Conroy: The Avenatti post stated, we can't be hypocrites when it comes to the First Amendment. It is outrageous that Cohen and Daniels can do countless TV interviews, post on social and make money on bogus documentaries, all by talking shit about Trump, but he's gagged and threatened with jail if he responds. To that the defendant added in his own words, thank you to Michael Avenatti for revealing the truth about two sleazebags who have with their lies and misrepresentations cost our country dearly.

Christopher Conroy: The second post that same day --

Juan Merchan: If I can interrupt for one second. Can you make the connection between that post and the conditions of the Gag Order specifically, so what you already read, making or directing others to make public statements about known or reasonably foreseeable witnesses concerning the potential participation in the investigation or in this criminal proceeding?

Juan Merchan: Can you connect that for me?

Christopher Conroy: Well, the first part of that, clearly Stormy Daniels and Michael Cohen are known or reasonably foreseeable witnesses here. I think that's been clear for a long time, and by calling them sleazebags, by going after their credibility, I think that's all part of the plan for this trial, and there is no other reason to be talking about that then related to this.

Christopher Conroy: It's five days before we are going to be here to pick a jury. It's the defendant conditioning his followers related to this proceeding.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. I will be asking you the same question for each of the 10.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you. April 10, 2024 at 10:48 a.m., the defendant published a post on his Truth Social account that contained a picture of a document and that document, by the way, will be at issue in this case. The document was entitled, Official Statement of Stormy Daniels, dated January 30,2018, which refers to facts that are directly at issue here.

Christopher Conroy: The defendant accompanied the picture with his own statement, look what was just found from a fake news reporter. Again, Judge, that is a document with respect to the first subsection in the order. It is a document that relates to a reasonably foreseeable witness in this proceeding. It is a document that relates, specifically, to things that she'll testify about in this proceeding.

Christopher Conroy: And so, I don't think there is any other interpretation of that post, again, posted five days before jury selection, than that it relates to this proceeding. On April 13, 2024, at 12:56 p.m., the defendant posted a post on his Truth Social account and stated, has Mark Pomerantz been prosecuted for his terrible acts in and out of the DA's Office.

Christopher Conroy: Has disgraced attorney and felon, Michael Cohen, been prosecuted for lying. Only Trump people get prosecuted by this judge and these thugs. A dark day for our country. MAGA 2024. Here again, Judge, Michael Cohen is a reasonably foreseeable witness. Throughout the pendency of this case defendant and others have tried to make Mark Pomerantz somehow an issue in this case.

Christopher Conroy: This is, again, going after Michael Cohen's credibility, which is a recurring theme in these posts and, frankly, was a theme yesterday in the opening statement for this case. And so, I think it's pretty clear now that we are two days before jury selection and the defendant is again going after Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: On April 15, 2024 at 9:12 a.m., and this is while the defendant was likely in the courthouse, the defendant published a post on his Truth Social account that stated, a serial perjurer will try to prove an old misdemeanor against Trump in an embarrassment for the New York Legal System. The post contained a link to an article in the New York Post.

Christopher Conroy: Clearly a reference to Michael Cohen. Clearly a reference to this proceeding. And so, I think, again, that link to the order is pretty clear with respect to this post. That same day, about an hour and 15 minutes later, the defendant posted the same post again on his Truth Social account. And for the same reasons, it is clearly related to these proceedings and to a reasonably foreseeable witness in the case.

Christopher Conroy: Again, that same day, April 15, 2024, on his official campaign website, just to make sure the word fully got out, the defendant published a link to an article from the New York Post with the following introduction, ICYMI, which my understanding is it means, in case you missed it, and then a colon, and then the same link that he had posted twice previously that day, a serial perjurer will try to prove an old misdemeanor against Trump in an embarrassment for the New York Legal System.

Christopher Conroy: Again, specific reference both to this proceeding and to a reasonably foreseeable witness in the case. The next day on April 16, 2024, and we are on Exhibit 7 that I handed up, so I should have been giving those numbers as I went along. On April 16, 2024, 1:50 in the afternoon, the defendant published a post on his Truth Social account that stated, it's, again, the same post that we have just been referring to and it contained the same link to the article.

Christopher Conroy: That same day on his official campaign website, he again posted the, in case you missed it, with the link to the serial perjurer will try to prove an old misdemeanor against Trump in an embarrassment to the New York Legal System. Again, those are so clearly related to a reasonably foreseeable witness in this proceeding.

Christopher Conroy: On April 16, 7:09 p.m. -- the other thing to keep in mind, and I know your Honor knows this, I am just going to say it for the record, this is while we are on trial. The trial has now begun. On April 16th, at 7:09 p.m., the defendant published a post on his Truth Social account that contained an article attacking the testimony of Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: The article had a picture of Michael Cohen with the headline, no, Cohen's guilty pleas does not prove Trump committed campaign finance crimes. The entire article was embedded in the post. And, again, that's what I handed up as 9A. If you clicked on various parts of the article, the particular page of the article would come up in a more readable form.

Christopher Conroy: The whole thing was visible when you clicked into Truth. And, again, reasonably foreseeable witness, direct reference to this proceeding, very clear link to the order that this Court issued on April 1st. The next day, and this was last Wednesday, April 17th, and, again, this is a very troubling post at 5:46 p.m., the defendant published a post on his Truth Social account that stated, they are catching undercover liberal activists lying to the Judge in order to get on the Trump jury.

Christopher Conroy: I want to give the court a little bit of context for that Truth. And that is a quote. That whole thing is in quotation marks. It's attributed to somebody named Jesse Watters. On that day, last Wednesday, there was a segment on a Fox News show called, At Five, that airs at 5:00 in the afternoon. On that show Jesse Watters, who is one of the commentators, spoke about the jurors who had been seated or were being interviewed in this case in a derogatory way.

Christopher Conroy: Mr. Watters said the first part of what Mr. Trump posted. He said the first part, in order to get on the Trump jury. Now, Mr. Watters may have said things like, in order to get on the Trump jury, later in that episode or later that night when he has another show at 8:00, but he didn't say it at 5:08 on his show, and this post came at 5:46, about 30 minutes later, give or take.

Juan Merchan: What exactly did he say?

Christopher Conroy: So he said -- what Mr. Watters said was, they are catching undercover liberal activists lying to the Judge, period. What was in the quotation on the defendant's Truth was, they are catching undercover liberal activists lying to the Judge in order to get on the Trump jury. So it is a hybrid of something somebody else said together with something the defendant, apparently, added on his own.

Christopher Conroy: I think the link to the jurors in this case, to this proceeding, I think it's very clearly a violation of your order on April 1st and so, that deals with that. The other piece I want to add to that is if you, I am sure, again, I am sure you remember, but for the record, this was last Wednesday evening, that this was going on and Mr. Watters in his segment was giving lots of details about the various jurors.

Christopher Conroy: The next day was the day juror two came in and said, I don't think I can be on this anymore because of publicity and things she was hearing from friends and acquaintances and everything else, so we ended up losing a juror. What happened here is precisely what this order was designed to prevent, and this defendant doesn't care.

Christopher Conroy: The burden here, Judge, is on us. And, Judge, that's the 10 posts. I don't know if you have any questions specifically about those or I was going to move on.

Juan Merchan: You can move on.

Christopher Conroy: The burden here is on us to show the existence of a lawful order expressing an unequivocal mandate, a violation of the order, and that the violation was made with knowledge and is willful beyond a reasonable doubt. The Court's Order of April 1st, is clear and unequivocal and it is lawful. It has been challenged a couple of times here and it was challenged in the First Department.

Christopher Conroy: A stay was denied. One of the bases for issuing a stay would be possibility or likelihood of success. That stay was denied. There is ongoing litigation there, but right now this is a lawful order in front of this Court. He violates the order when he posts about known witnesses or reasonably foreseeable witnesses concerning their participation in this criminal proceeding and he violates the order when he posts about a juror or prospective juror.

Christopher Conroy: And, Judge, that language is a broad prohibition with respect to the jurors, about statements about the jury here. It is not limited to a statement about a particularly identifiable juror. Counsel in their papers inserts the word, individual, in the filing on page seven in an effort to argue that this provision is ambiguous.

Christopher Conroy: The order is clear, notwithstanding the defendant's willingness to make arguments that conflict with the facts and at times with each other. And the clarity is stark with respect to this provision related to jurors, particularly when contrasted to the more specific language that modifies witnesses, the Court and DANY personnel.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, I would just refer to some of the language. And I won't read it, some of the language in the Court's April 1st order, talking about why it is so important to issue that order now based on the defendant's history, based on this proceeding, and based on what was going on. There is no doubt that this defendant made these statements.

Christopher Conroy: And I just want to talk a little bit more about the back and forth on that last post, the 10th post with Jesse Watters because I think those two -- the defendant's willfulness in these posts, defendant took something that Jesse Watters said, added to it and posted it. And it came from a segment specifically discussing juror profiles in this case.

Christopher Conroy: He did it about 40 minutes after Jesse Watters said part of the statement. To me, that shows very clear deliberation and willfulness in making the post. All of the posts here are made concerning this criminal proceeding. We know that from the proximity. We know that from the words. We know that because they are consistent with the defense in this case as outlined in counsel's opening yesterday.

Christopher Conroy: It's very clear that they relate to this case. I am not sure how there could be a straight-faced argument that these posts, all within the last 12 days or so, some of them echoed in counsel's opening yesterday, relate to anything other than this criminal proceeding. Throwing MAGA into a post doesn't make it political.

Christopher Conroy: It may make it more ominous. Defendant's 10 posts at issue today are willful violations of the Court's order on April 1st. The defendant knows the terms of the April 1st order. He has repeatedly complained about the order on his social media account, including, among others, and I handed the posts up in the packet that I handed up of the 10 violations, there is a post from April 2nd, from April 6th and from April 10th and 11th.

Juan Merchan: Is that Exhibits 12, 13 and 14?

Christopher Conroy: Yes. Exhibit 12, is April 2nd. Exhibit 13 is April 6th. Exhibit 14 is April 10th. And Exhibit 15 is actually a screenshot that would appear on the Truth Social page. If you clicked it, it is a video in which the defendant is actually speaking about the Gag Order and the fact that kind of what he says is he is gagged but he is referring to it. He refers to the order's restrictions and attacks the Court as conflicted.

Christopher Conroy: The defendant has engaged in multiple rounds of briefing involving the April 1st order and its earlier version, the March 26th order, including filings in this court and in the Appellate Division up to and including his response to this Order to Show Cause on Friday, on the 19th. In each, the defendant has engaged in details with the order-specific directives, his Appellate Division filings specifically criticizes and seeks to prohibit enforcement of the April 1st order's restrictions on his extrajudicial statements regarding Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels.

Christopher Conroy: In paragraph nine of the defendant's verified Article 78 Petition, filed by counsel, they complain that the article -- that the April 1st order forbids the defendant from responding to so-called attacks by Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels. And yet, that's part of their argument here is that he is allowed to respond to these attacks.

Christopher Conroy: So in the First Department they are saying he's forbidden. He knows. He is forbidden. That's what the order says. And yet, they want to come now and claim and muddy the waters and say, Judge, well, we can respond to attacks. There is no provision in this order for responding to attacks. They have repeatedly cited to a line in which the Court does say that the defendant can respond to political attacks and try to morph them into a massive exception to the order, which it is not and it is clearly not and the Court should not be swayed by that.

Christopher Conroy: I would also just note that this is not the first time there have been filings in different courts with inconsistent representations or assertions and I submit that they can't be taken seriously. When we examine the defendant's words and his actions, it is clear that he knows about the order, he knows what he is not allowed to do and he does it anyway.

Christopher Conroy: There can't be any question that he is aware of what the order requires and that knowledge alone indicates that his disobedience of the order is willful. It's intentional. Even if his asserted ability to respond to attacks can be used as political or based in fact on the order, and it is not. There is no indication that his claim that he is responding to attacks is anything more than an after the facts justification for his contumacious behavior.

Christopher Conroy: It is not clear at all that he was aware of the posts he claims he was responding to at the time he made the post that violates the Court's order. Nothing on the face of the post indicates that. By his logic, if someone covered by the order says something mean or not nice about him, he can respond because the attack is political, I suppose, because by talking about the defendant, the speaker is a public figure or because the defendant is running for office, again, it makes no sense.

Christopher Conroy: He says whatever he needs to say to get the results that he wants. It's tortured at best and would eviscerate the clear language and meaning of this order if the Court were to adopt that. The Court and the People have made clear that the April 1st order leaves the defendant substantial room to engage in speech about this criminal proceeding, including criticisms of the Court and District Attorney.

Christopher Conroy: The defendant has shown his ability to understand the significant leeway left to him by making multiple social media posts and other public statements that criticize the criminal trial without violating the April 1st order. By going beyond those criticism and launching specific, separate attacks on two witnesses and by attacking prospective jurors or juror, the defendant is nothing less than knowingly and willfully, that is intentionally, breaching the crystal clear, unequivocal lines set by this Court in the April 1st order to protect the integrity of this proceeding.

Christopher Conroy: I am just going to talk a little bit about another argument that the defendant made in his papers where he claims that what he calls, reposts, are not his statements. In fact, some of his most dangerous statements, including one we brought to the Court's attention as early as arraignments last year, that photo of the defendant holding the bat at the head of the District Attorney, are what he wants to carve out of the order by calling them reposts.

Christopher Conroy: That flies in the face of common sense and I am going to draw an analogy which is not perfect but I think is helpful. New York Defamation Law has made clear for over a hundred years that one who repeats or otherwise republishes a defamatory matter is subject to liability as if he had originally published it. That's Geraci versus Probst, 15 New York 3rd 336. And I can hand up copies if you like.

Christopher Conroy: I will do that at the end.

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Christopher Conroy: Here we are dealing with a court order that specifically prohibits certain types of extrajudicial statements and that clearly includes posts on defendant's Truth Social account and on his campaign website whether he is the original author or posting the words of another. And as the Court noted the other day, the law is clear that a party may not challenge a Court's order by violating it. Your Honor, the Judiciary Law authorizes the Court to impose a fine not exceeding a thousand dollar or to sentence the contemnor to no more than 30 days jail or both in the discretion of the Court.

Christopher Conroy: That is in Judiciary Law 751, and that's for each finding of contempt. We are not yet seeking an incarceratory penalty. The defendant seems to be angling for that. For today, for these 10 violations of this Court's April 1st Order, we are asking the Court to impose the maximum number, $1,000 fine for each of the 10 violations.

Christopher Conroy: We are also asking the Court to order the Defendant to remove all 10 offending posts, eight from his Truth Social account, and two from his campaign website, to take those down. Finally, for the Court to again warn the defendant that this conduct will not be tolerated and remind him that incarceration is an option should it be necessary.

Christopher Conroy: The defendant is having his day in court. Unfortunately, he is still doing everything he can to undermine this process. It has to stop. A finding of criminal contempt, imposition of sanctions and stark warnings from this Court are the minimum remedies necessary to try to stop the defendant from engaging in this behavior.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, Mr. Conroy. Counsel.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor. There is -- just to set the record very straight and clear, President Trump does, in fact, know what the Gag Order allows him to do and not allow him to do and there was absolutely no willful violation of the Gag Order in the 10 posts and released by the campaign that the People just discussed.

Todd Blanche: There is no dispute that President Trump is facing a barrage of political attacks from all sides, including from the two witnesses who are referenced in the early posts. And I am going to separate, your Honor, if I can, the reposts from the first round of alleged violations involving the Avenatti comment and the comment regarding Mr. Cohen not being convicted of perjury and the comments about Ms. Clifford and Mr. Cohen.

Todd Blanche: Okay. Those comments, those three posts, were in direct response to comments made by these witnesses, not about these criminal proceedings, your Honor, not about their testimony at the witness stand and President Trump's comments back to them was not about their testimony from the witness stand.

Juan Merchan: When you say, these three posts, just so I can follow them, can we adopt the number used by the prosecution? If you can refer me to this, what you are talking about.

Todd Blanche: The first was a repost from President Trump's Truth Social regarding Mr. Avenatti. Commenting about the hypocrisy of the Gag Order and making the point that, which is true, that the witnesses themselves can constantly comment about whatever they want. They are not gagged. And President Trump, in theory, cannot respond.

Todd Blanche: Now, as we put in our papers, and the People don't contest except to say there is no evidence from the Truths that President Trump knew about these, Michael Cohen directly responded to this comment by Avenatti, politically. Not about the testimony. Not about what he is going to say in court. And so, President Trump --

Juan Merchan: Do you have that? Do you have a copy of that?

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, it's in our papers on page four. It's -- I can read it into the record, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sure. If you can tell me what time that was.

Todd Blanche: Sure. 9:21, 4/10 is the original post from somebody who says, seems to me that Avenatti was thrown a Hail Mary on a pardon should the orange menace get elected. Mr. Cohen responds, he will be very disappointed as Trump will never pardon him because he doesn't care about him anyway. So, obviously, pardon is political.

Todd Blanche: It has nothing to do with this case, your Honor, and so, when President Trump comments about what Mr. Avenatti is saying, complaining about the Gag Order and a comment that Mr. Cohen has made about it, that's political. He is allowed to respond to political attacks.

Juan Merchan: I want to make sure I am following you. Going back to number one, Mr. Avenatti's post was at 10:07 a.m. Can you confirm what time Mr. Cohen's post was?

Todd Blanche: I don't have that in front of me.

Juan Merchan: It's just been handed to me. So, Mr. Cohen's post, I believe was at 9:21. So, that would precede Mr. Avenatti's post.

Todd Blanche: Well, your Honor, to be clear, Mr. Avenatti had been saying things like this publicly. There have been news articles about it that he had been saying it. So he has been -- he has somebody on the outside, a Federal person, that is pushing articles, and to be -- and, your Honor, there is no dispute that Mr. Cohen has repeatedly talked about the fact that, again, not for having to do with his testimony about how President Trump acted with respect to pardons while in office --

Juan Merchan: I want to take one at a time, otherwise, it's going to get really confusing. Let's take number one, what I see is Mr. Cohen's post at 9:21. Mr. Avenatti's response appears to be at 10:07 or is that when it was reposted by Mr. Trump?

Todd Blanche: Yes, correct.

Juan Merchan: It was reposted by Mr. Trump?

Christopher Conroy: I believe that's correct.

Juan Merchan: And it's your position that what makes this political is the reference of being pardoned.

Todd Blanche: Well, two things make it political. The reference to be pardoned, but also what President Trump writes in response to what Mr. Avenatti is saying, nothing about this case, Your Honor, but that they can do TV interviews, post on social, make money, have documentaries, all while talking about President Trump, but he is gagged and threatened with jail if he responds.

Todd Blanche: Then, again, the social media posts he is referring to from these witnesses, the documentaries he is referring to from these witnesses, the money that they have made because of President Trump, the TV interviews, all of those things, your Honor, while they certainly bring up the fact that they are testifying, they are talking about their very strong dislike of President Trump, their very strong desire for him not to win the election and for him to no longer be in power.

Juan Merchan: Let's stick with what was actually said. I don't want to get into interpreting things. Let's stick with what was actually said. Going back to number one. What is it about Mr. Cohen's post that makes it political?

Todd Blanche: Well, Mr. Cohen's post talks about whether Mr. Avenatti will get a pardon.

Juan Merchan: So the pardon, the pardon is what makes it political?

Todd Blanche: Of course. Yes, your Honor. Your Honor, says you don't want to interpret or read into it, but we have to be able to have some inference for what Mr. Avenatti means when he is saying that.

Juan Merchan: Have you spoken with Mr. Avenatti about what he means?

Todd Blanche: No. Of course, no.

Juan Merchan: How can you interpret what he means when you haven't spoken to him?

Todd Blanche: From his words. His words say -- he doesn't talk about what Mr. Avenatti believes they are going to say on this witness stand or what happened in the charged conduct. It says what they have been doing on TV, the social media posts and on documentaries.

Juan Merchan: I just want to make sure I understand. You believe that everything that Mr. Avenatti said does not relate to the trial, but that the use of the word, pardon, by Mr. Cohen does make it political and, in a sense, authorize your client to respond?

Todd Blanche: Not just the word, pardon, but yes, the word pardon too. But, Judge, it just -- it's everything. It just can't be a single word. When Mr. President Trump is responding to these attacks --

Juan Merchan: When your client is violating the Gag Order, I expect more than one word.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, we are here to determine --

Juan Merchan: I haven't determined anything yet. I am simply responding to what you are saying. You are suggesting that merely the use of the word, pardon, is sufficient to allow your client to violate a Gag Order.

Todd Blanche: No, that's absolutely not what we are saying, Your Honor. Absolutely not. What we are saying is: A, President Trump is allowed to respond to political attacks. B, and more significantly, if he is talking about witnesses, it can't have anything to do with these proceedings. Judge, remember why that exists.

Todd Blanche: The reason why this restrictive language in your order exists is from the DC Court of Appeals. As your Honor, will recall, the original Gag Order --

Juan Merchan: I remember.

Todd Blanche: I don't mean to relive that, but that's the point, is that in the DC Circuit in reaching its decision addressed why we are here today and said that, that there will be times when it is difficult to determine whether a statement concerns a witness' potential participation in the investigation or the criminal proceeding or a response to an attack, political --

Juan Merchan: That's why I am going to be asking you, in the same way I asked the People, for each one of their exhibits, to explain to me what made it political. I am going ask to you, after each exhibit, what precisely, is it that your client is responding to? Lead me to the attack he is directly responding to in each one of these.

Todd Blanche: He is responding to the fact that there was -- that Mr. Cohen has repeatedly talked about his qualities and candidacy for office of the President.

Juan Merchan: There is no specific post that you are referring to?

Todd Blanche: No.

Juan Merchan: It is a repeated post?

Todd Blanche: That's where it refers to the actual language of the Gag Order, which is that so long as the discussion and comment isn't about the participation in this, it cannot be the mere time, meaning because it is a couple of days before the trial starts, that's it, beyond a reasonable doubt, that's willful. Right, meaning -- what I mean by that is Mr. Cohen, in particularly, and also Ms. Daniels, have ramped up their political attacks and their attacks on him as a candidate in the weeks leading up to the trial as well.

Juan Merchan: It is the timing that has me a little bit confused. You referred to repeated attacks. Yet, this first exhibit didn't happen until, was it the day after the matter was brought to the Appellate Division? So your client waited until after, the day after the matter was brought to the Appellate Division, and the stay was denied, to decide if he would respond, not to a recent attack, but to a series of attacks -- can you understand why I am curious about that -- rather than responding a day before or two days before or three days before?

Todd Blanche: The timing of the response, your Honor, appreciating it was a day after the Appellate Division, when we were in the Appellate Division, they were alluding to today. One of our main arguments was that we would be here for this kind of issue. That there was something ambiguous about what it would mean to attack a witness, a foreseeable witness, but, your Honor, not about the criminal proceeding of why they are here.

Todd Blanche: And so, your Honor, I appreciate the question about the timing, but the timing is just the timing. And, I mean, President Trump chose repeatedly, all day, virtually seven days a week, your Honor -- and by the way, well, we will get to the reposts in a moment, your Honor, but the same is true for --

Juan Merchan: Can we go on to Exhibit Number 2?

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor. So, again, this is a document, as the Court knows, that's been in the public record and part of the public dialogue for many, many years. And I do not dispute the People's position that this document will be discussed at this trial potentially. No dispute there. But, again, you have a witness who is not talking about her testimony here, but talking about President Trump's qualifications for office and whether he should be President.

Juan Merchan: This was a response to what specific attack?

Todd Blanche: To, well, there have been -- again --

Juan Merchan: You pulled this out and this is six-years old when he pulled it out. So I am assuming that there must have been a very recent attack to cause him to pull out a document that's six-years old and was going to be used at trial.

Todd Blanche: It's not that it was pulled out. It is a public document. It's publicly available, Judge.

Juan Merchan: It says, look what was just found. Was that just found.

Todd Blanche: No, absolutely not.

Juan Merchan: So that's not true? That's not true?

Todd Blanche: That is not true. I don't think anybody thinks that's true. Everybody has seen the document for years and years.

Juan Merchan: Whether somebody thinks it is true or not, I need to clarify and I need to understand what I am dealing with.

Todd Blanche: As we note in our papers, your Honor, this is a document that is available to the public for years and years. And, yes, President Trump chose the words, look what we just found, it's true. It is a communication to his -- to the folks that he is trying to message to. Again, not about the witness' testimony at trial, but about her credibility.

Todd Blanche: There is not a link between this document --

Juan Merchan: Credibility really doesn't matter a whole lot on this unless she is taking the stand at trial, right?

Todd Blanche: Judge, that's not true. This is not true. Sure, her credibility will be at issue at this trial. Her credibility, when she is broadcasting to all of her followers on Twitter and talking to the press and having documentaries, her credibility matters. It does matter in this courtroom. But he is running for President.

Todd Blanche: He has to be able to respond to that.

Juan Merchan: All right. So that was Exhibit Number 2. I asked, again, what specifically he was responding to. I didn't get an answer to --

Todd Blanche: I did answer you. Yes, I will answer you again. There was repeated, repeated specific --

Juan Merchan: Give me one. That's not specific. Give me one that he was responding to here.

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor. So there was -- I don't have a particular tweet that it was responding to. What we included in our papers, your Honor, is an example -- in addition to the documentary that came out, which is very critical and, again, your Honor, says that timing matters, right? Why?

Juan Merchan: I am asking the questions. Okay. I am going to decide whether your client is in contempt or not. So please don't turn it around. What I do see is I keep asking you over and over again for a specific example, and I am not getting an answer. And it's now almost 10:30. The jurors are going to be here at 11:00. I don't want to keep them waiting.

Juan Merchan: So we are only up to Exhibit Number 2.

Todd Blanche: The People got to speak as long as they wanted to.

Juan Merchan: The People were answering my questions. It's almost 10:30. We are only up to Exhibit Number 2. Let's go to Exhibit Number 3 and tell me what he was responding to in Exhibit Number 3.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, Exhibit 3 has nothing to do with this investigation. It's a complaint about the system, which President Trump is completely entitled to complain about. And the fact that there is a key witness in this case who is in prison right now for lying at a proceeding that Mr. Cohen also lied at. And, again, it has nothing to do with his testimony here.

Juan Merchan: He or his comrades? Make the connection to what he is responding to in Exhibit Number 3 when he is referring to Mark Pomerantz.

Todd Blanche: He is asking whether Mr. Pomerantz has been prosecuted for violating Grand Jury secrecy rules.

Juan Merchan: Why? Pardon me. Why? Why does he have to bring up a witness he knows is a witness?

Todd Blanche: No. Mr. Pomerantz is not a witness.

Juan Merchan: He is not on the witness list?

Todd Blanche: No. I believe they are complaining about this one, your Honor, the third line down, has disgraced attorney and felon Michael Cohen been prosecuted for lying. That is what I was addressing when I said that the objection and the statement there has nothing to do with this case. It has to do with the system and the fact that President Trump very strongly believes that the People should have prosecuted Mr. Cohen for lying, just like they prosecuted --

Juan Merchan: So he is attacking Mr. Michael Cohen's credibility just like he was attacking Stormy Daniels' credibility.

Todd Blanche: No. He is attacking the People and system for not prosecuting Mr. Cohen for lying. Right. Look, that's been a theme that President Trump talked about repeatedly and for good reason. It seems that there are two systems of justice, Mr. Weisselberg is in prison and Mr. Cohen is going to be a witness. That's attacking the system, not Mr. Cohen.

Todd Blanche: And it certainly --

Juan Merchan: Except that he makes the connection. The name that you refer to is Mr. Cohen.

Todd Blanche: It does mention him by name. That's not prohibited by your Honor's Gag Order.

Juan Merchan: Using the name is not prohibited. Making the connection to the trial is prohibited. Making a connection to the witness or the prospective jurors for the trial makes it prohibited.

Todd Blanche: I am sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. We are not making a connection to this trial at all. It says, disgraced attorney, Michael Cohen, has been prosecuted for lying. That has nothing to do with this trial. That is a question about whether he was prosecuted for his testimony in another case several months ago.

Juan Merchan: What caused that response? What was he responding to?

Todd Blanche: Well, he is responding to the fact that he is extremely frustrated with the two systems of justice that are happening in this courtroom and he is entitled to respond to this.

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter, Susan Pearce-Bates, was relived by Senior Court Reporter, Lisa Kramsky.]

Juan Merchan: Two systems of justice in this courtroom, is that what you're saying?

Todd Blanche: That's what his message is, your Honor, that Mr. Weisselberg is in prison and Mr. Cohen is not. That's not the first time that this has been said.

Juan Merchan: It's not.

Todd Blanche: No, it's not. And, Judge, as your Honor has made plain, that's fair game. And as the law may explain and the constitution may explain, that's fair game for President Trump to complain about. And to focus on the reposts now, if your Honor wants to move to the reposts?

Juan Merchan: We can.

Todd Blanche: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Just before we get to the reposts, when we get to each specific repost, just tell me what number you are referring to.

Todd Blanche: I'm referring to the remainder, many of them -- just two, the same posts just kind of reworked on a different, either on Truth or through the campaign. Judge, this goes directly to the willfulness that your Honor has to find beyond a reasonable doubt for President Trump. There have been multiple reposts since your Honor has imposed the Gag Order, and then the second Gag Order that the People have not complained about.

Todd Blanche: And we mentioned a few in our papers involving the recusal motion and things that if, if the People really -- if the People felt or the Court felt that a repost was a violation, it's not a statement by President Trump. And so, Judge, it's that --

Juan Merchan: No, I read that in your papers and I actually want to respond to that.

Todd Blanche: Please.

Juan Merchan: That suggests that somehow because the People or the Court do not take action for every single violation that the Gag Order is waived, that's just silly.

Todd Blanche: That's absolutely not what we're saying.

Juan Merchan: No, it is what you're saying. No, first of all, you suggested that the Court should do something. I think you understand the difference between what is a summary criminal contempt and what is not a summary criminal contempt. Unless that occurs in my presence before me, the Court is not going to bring an action, okay.

Juan Merchan: As far as why the People chose to implore some and not others, that's their business, but that doesn't negate the validity of the Gag Order.

Todd Blanche: And, your Honor, if that came out in our papers, that is absolutely not our position. Our position is that your Honor has to find a willful violation beyond a reasonable doubt. And it is certainly appropriate for the Court to take into consideration whether President Trump's conduct was willful beyond a reasonable doubt.

Todd Blanche: The fact that, you know, when he reposted the ones, Exhibits 3 through 10, the fact that he had reposted many others, and the People had not brought an Order to Show Cause, it's not making a mockery of the Gag Order, your Honor. It's a close call.

Juan Merchan: Well, what is it if your argument is not that somehow the validity of the Gag Order is waived, then what is your argument because that's what it sounds like to me.

Todd Blanche: No, because the posts --

Juan Merchan: No, the People did not bring an Order to Show Cause for certain alleged violations, therefore, he's allowed to violate whenever he wants?

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, the Gag Order prevents him or him causing somebody to violate the terms. Reposting an article from a news site or from a news program or, you know, a New York Post article or the articles that are in Exhibits 3 through 10, we don't believe are a violation of the Gag Order.

Juan Merchan: All right. So let's talk about that. That I want to talk about.

Todd Blanche: Okay.

Juan Merchan: So tell me what case law you have to support that?

Todd Blanche: I don't have any case law to support that, but it's just common sense, your Honor. How can it be that President Trump is prohibited from violating the Gag Order through his words or by causing another person to say something that he was saying --

Juan Merchan: All right.

Todd Blanche: -- which is a big difference under the First Amendment under the constitution.

Juan Merchan: All right. Where does it say that, give me the case law?

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, there is none. I don't believe --

Juan Merchan: What I'm asking you, when we are talking about these reposts, how does it get there? How does it get onto your client's Truth Social account? I post something and I post it on my account and then it winds up on your client's account, how does it get there?

Todd Blanche: There is a group of folks that work with President Trump that when they see articles that they believe President Trump's audience should read they, you know, there is a mechanism. I'm not --

Juan Merchan: What is the mechanism?

Todd Blanche: So, I believe you click on it and you do something to repost it on President Trump's feed.

Juan Merchan: It requires some sort of action?

Todd Blanche: Of course, yes, yes.

Juan Merchan: It's not as if -- I'm looking for the decision that I read yesterday -- it's not passive. There is case law that talks about the difference between passive conduct and what we're describing. Passive conduct would be if someone makes a post and it somehow winds up in your client's account without him or anybody else doing anything.

Todd Blanche: That's not our position.

Juan Merchan: No, it's not your position, which means that someone had to do something.

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Okay. So calling it a repost and suggesting that because somebody else wrote it and then miraculously it appears in your client's account that, therefore, your client can wash his hands of it? You said it's just common sense. I say it's just common sense.

Todd Blanche: It's not. Judge, we are not saying -- I'm not asking that President Trump wash his hands of it, the question is whether it's a violation. If it's unambiguously a willful violation of the Gag Order to take a news article that appears in whatever publication it's from and post it, as opposed to using your own words.

Juan Merchan: So it's your client's position that when he was reposting these things, he was not violating the Gag Order?

Todd Blanche: Correct.

Juan Merchan: So how do I know that that's his position, because you are telling me?

Todd Blanche: Well, your Honor, I think that --

Juan Merchan: Are you testifying under oath that that's his position?

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, I'm not testifying under oath, I'm making argument, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Well, you know, it's your client's position that at the time that he reposted anything to one of his accounts, he did not believe that he was violating the Gag Order? I would like to hear that.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor --

Juan Merchan: I would like to hear that. Or do you want me to accept it just because you're saying it?

Todd Blanche: No, I don't expect you to accept it because I'm just saying that. But what I would like you to look at here, your Honor, is that there is a history of posting and reposting that have gone unchecked. And I agree with you that the People have a right to choose when they want to and when they don't want to bring an Order to Show Cause, but that certainly goes to whether the Court can find that it's willful, the fact that President Trump hasn't done it --

Juan Merchan: I just want to make you aware that the People presented 10 exhibits. They indicated what their case law is. I understand what your position is. The People have presented that case law, you have no obligation, of course, but you have presented nothing.

Todd Blanche: No, your Honor, we are in the middle of a criminal trial and you are asking whether I should put President Trump on the stand, is that the question?

Juan Merchan: Well, I'm just telling you that you have presented nothing. I have asked you 8 or 9 times, show me the exact posts that he was responding to, and you have been unable to do that even once. Let me ask you about Exhibit 10.

Note: [Pause.]

Juan Merchan: So this is Exhibit 10. It was posted on April 17th at 5:46 p.m. And it says, in quotes, "They are catching undercover liberal activists lying to the Judge in order to get on the Trump jury." Closed quote. And then it's attributed to Jesse Waters. Is that, in fact, what Mr. Waters said?

Todd Blanche: He said, "They are catching undercover liberal activists lying to the Judge." And then not -- at the time, I don't believe he said "in order to get on the Trump jury."

Juan Merchan: Well, at the time that he reposted this, he had not said that?

Todd Blanche: Correct.

Juan Merchan: So your client manipulated what was said and put it in quotes, am I right?

Todd Blanche: It was, I wouldn't use the word manipulation, your Honor, but the rest of the quote is not part of the quote.

Juan Merchan: Okay. My other question is, this is not a repost at all?

Todd Blanche: No.

Juan Merchan: No. This is something that was said on TV and your client had to type it out. He had to sit there, use the quotation marks, the shift key and type everything out, and then add those additional words. So your argument that these are reposts and, therefore, they are not a violation, that does not apply to Exhibit Number 10, is it?

Todd Blanche: Number 10 is not a repost, agreed.

Juan Merchan: So what is your argument as to Exhibit 10?

Todd Blanche: Judge, the argument as to Exhibit 10, it's ambiguous whether this statement violates the Gag Order. Again, we have to find a willful violation of the Gag Order beyond a reasonable doubt. And President Trump voicing his view that there were liberal activists trying to get on this jury is not calling on a particular juror.

Todd Blanche: It's not in any way trying to threaten or intimidate jurors. It just isn't, your Honor. I mean, and there is not -- it's tough to read, especially because that night, your Honor, I mean, remember we are talking about what's in Truth, but on every single website that was in news form and in every single newspaper article, on CNN, on all the cable shows, there was full discussions about the jury.

Todd Blanche: Full discussions. And I'm not saying that that's exactly like what was said, but there is full discussions about the jury, so it wasn't in President Trump's Truth.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Bove, do you want to speak to Mr. Blanche?

Emil Bove: Yes, your Honor. Thank you.

Note: [Defense counsel confer.]

Emil Bove: Thank you.

Todd Blanche: Thank you. I'm looking, your Honor, and I'm happy to bring it up to the Court and share it with the District Attorney, I don't have a printed copy, but I can get one.

Juan Merchan: That's fine. Just let me know what it is.

Todd Blanche: Just to say what it is, it's a post from Jesse Waters from April 17th. It appears I'm looking at one that said, 8:24 p.m., And it says, verbatim, the same thing that President Trump said on his Truth.

Juan Merchan: But that's three hours after your client's post.

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: So it's irrelevant to that.

Todd Blanche: Well, it goes to --

Juan Merchan: There is no relevance to that. Do you have any case law that you want to hand up, any other arguments that you want to make to me at this time?

Todd Blanche: Yes. Again, your Honor, we said it in our papers, but now that we've had this hearing, it's worth ending on this point, which is that this Gag Order, we are trying to comply with it. And there is no doubt that we are here about 10 different purported violations. President Trump is being very careful to comply with your Honor's rules.

Todd Blanche: And --

Juan Merchan: You, Mr. Blanche, you are losing all credibility. I have to tell you that right now. You are losing all credibility with the Court. Is there any other argument that you want to make?

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor. If anything, the reposts and whether something can be reposted, an article written by a reporter can be reposted, and that is a violation of the Gag Order, that's ambiguous and that's something that we certainly were not aware of. We don't read the Gag Order that way, and if that's the way that it's going to be enforced, we will take down the posts.

Todd Blanche: Of course, we will. And if we are directed to take down all of these posts, of course, we will comply. When you are thinking about criminal contempt and a willful violation beyond a reasonable doubt, it's important to look at, first of all, the first three posts that were the subject of the first Order to Show Cause, which have nothing to do with those witness's testimony in this courtroom.

Todd Blanche: And the reposts of articles that have been going on, you know, for weeks, if that's a violation of the Gag Order, we didn't read it that way. And we will implement that and make sure that that doesn't happen. But certainly for all of the reasons that we've talked about, the President should not be held in contempt.

Todd Blanche: If anything, the Court should make crystal clear what it means with the reposts. And to the extent that your Honor views the posts about Mr. Cohen and the system as being too close to the line, tell President Trump, tell me, and we will make sure that it's not violated.

Juan Merchan: As far as the whole distinction between reposts, you have stated it's ambiguous, you stated you didn't know, but again I hate to come back to this, but you are not offering me anything to support your argument.

Todd Blanche: But, your Honor --

Juan Merchan: I was not done. You are not giving me anything to hang my hat on to say, yeah, you're right, the reposts, that was unambiguous, but as I've heard before, suppose someone outside has a placard, right, someone outside is walking around with a placard and it says some horrible, horrible things, is it your position that if your client were to grab that placard and walk around with it and it said terrible, terrible things about the jury, that he has done nothing wrong because he didn't write that post or he didn't write that placard, therefore, he's absolved from any blame?

Juan Merchan: Is that what you're saying?

Todd Blanche: It is nothing like what I'm saying, your Honor. I'm saying this is a news article, that's different than a guy walking around with a placard. And you said I offered no evidence, no argument to give your Honor comfort about the case law. This has never happened before. There isn't case law. But here is what we did offer and it matters, your Honor, there had been reposts so we, of course, are trying to not willfully violate the Court's orders, okay, there are reposts that would appear to be similar to the ones that we are talking about today, and the People did not -- we are not here because of those.

Todd Blanche: And I agree with you, they have a choice, they can bring whatever they want, but that certainly goes to the willfulness.

Juan Merchan: All right. Look, if it's your position that there were reposts and the Court didn't act on it and the People didn't act on it, you are absolutely right, but if it's your position that because of that, that somehow that's probative of anything, we are just going to have to disagree about that. The fact that the People did not come running in here immediately when your client started reposting things or that the Court did not decide to summarily find your client in contempt, a decision that probably would have been overturned on appeal, is not probative of anything.

Juan Merchan: You said, you know, maybe we've gotten too close to the line, I think what you should have done is probably said, you know, my client is thinking of reposting some things, it's not really clear to us in the Gag Order whether that's allowed, Judge Merchan, is that allowed? But that's not what you did.

Todd Blanche: Look, your Honor --

Juan Merchan: So let's take our break. I'm going to reserve decision on this. And we will reconvene at 11 o'clock. I'm sorry, you wanted to say something?

Christopher Conroy: Judge, if I may be heard just very briefly, Judge. First of all, and this is obvious, Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels are not defendants in a criminal case, Mr. Trump is. He knows exactly what he's doing. Judge, I would like to just hand up one more Truth and if you could hand a copy to counsel as well, that would be great.

Note: [Handed.]

Christopher Conroy: And I think, Judge, the import of this is just that it illustrates what the defendant thinks about what happens when he posts something on Truth. It's a 2-page post. I'm just going to read it. It's from April 4th, 2024. One page -- it appears one page of the post is about an hour earlier than the other on that day.

Christopher Conroy: But he's talking about his company Truth Social and he says: "But when I put out a statement or message" -- and I'm not sure what the distinction is in his mind -- "it is spread all over the place, fast and furious. Everybody seems to get whatever I have to say and quickly." So that's what we know about what the defendant thinks of his use of Truth Social.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, there is a lawful order here. It's very clear. The defendant has violated it willfully and knowingly by posting these posts. And we are asking the Court to hold him in contempt.

Todd Blanche: Quick scheduling question, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Todd Blanche: We are going to take a break until 11. Is it the Court's intention to go from 11 to 2 straight?

Juan Merchan: Yes. Yes, it is.

Todd Blanche: All right.

Juan Merchan: All right. Thank you. See you later. All right. I'm sorry, before you step out, I did receive your separate submission regarding the proposed limiting instruction as to the Wall Street Journal articles, and the limiting instruction regarding AMI. The AMI limiting instruction that I came up with is really just a combination of the two, I took some from one and I took some from the other.

Juan Merchan: The limiting instructions to the Wall Street Journal article, I basically adopted the defendant's version of that. I will -- I have made copies, and I will hand down copies when I come back at 11. Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, one other thing, I said I would hand up a case. And I have a copy for the Court and I have a copy for counsel. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Note: [Recess taken.]

Court Clerk: Case on trial continues. Appearances, please, starting with the People.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADA's Joshua Steinglass, Susan Hoffinger, Matthew Colangelo, Christopher Conroy, Becky Mangold and Katherine Ellis. Good morning.

Todd Blanche: Good morning, your Honor. Emil Bove for President Trump, who is seated to my left. And I am joined at counsel table by Todd Blanche, Susan Necheles and Kendra Wharton.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Good morning, again. I am handing down copies of the two limiting instructions, and it's two copies for each side.

Note: [Handed.]

Emil Bove: Just one point of clarification, Judge, with respect to the limiting instruction regarding the Wall Street Journal news articles. The defense has asked that that instruction also be provided when the People offer exhibits relating to articles from the National Enquirer. And I think those are marked as the People's 152 and 153-A series.

Emil Bove: And I just --

Juan Merchan: There may be an appropriate instruction that needs to be given at that time. The People have indicated that they might be offered for something other than what that says, so we will just need to customize it.

Emil Bove: And I guess then the question is, are they coming in today? And how should we address that in the flow of the presentation?

Joshua Steinglass: Do you want me to answer that?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Joshua Steinglass: I believe we will get to them today, but I think we had extensive colloquy on this matter last Monday when we argued why they should be admissible. And there is a host of reasons why they should be admissible. And this kind of gets to the point that we made in our response last night, which is that, you know, the defendant is really not entitled to seriatim limiting instructions every time we introduce a piece of evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: I don't think there is any law that requires that to be the case. I don't think they provided any law, the case that they provided doesn't stand for that proposition. And so I think that we can tinker with the, whatever limiting instructions are appropriate at the time that the Court gives them, which in our view ought to be when the Court gives all of its limiting instructions.

Juan Merchan: And I think we will give instructions that will ensure that the jurors are not confused, and if that's at the time that it comes in or at the end of the trial or more than that, we will just figure it out as we go along, but certainly we want to ensure that no juror is confused.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Juan Merchan: When the jury comes out, I do want to take a minute to just kind of clarify next week's schedule. I misspoke about a couple of things and I just want to correct that.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, David Pecker, enters the courtroom and resumed the witness stand.]

Court Officer: Step this way, sir. Step to the officer.

David Pecker: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Welcome back, Mr. Pecker. I remind you, sir, that you are still under oath.

David Pecker: Yes.

Juan Merchan: You can get the jury, please.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Jury enters.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: The jury is present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, jurors. Welcome back. Jurors, before we continue with the testimony of Mr. Pecker, I just wanted to clarify our schedule for next week. I misspoke yesterday regarding Monday and Tuesday of next week. Next Monday we are not meeting at all. There will be no work. Tuesday, we will be working all day.

Juan Merchan: All right.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Note: [Direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Good morning, Mr. Pecker.

David Pecker: Good morning.

Joshua Steinglass: When we broke yesterday we were talking about Bonnie Fuller. And let me just ask you very briefly, during the period from 2015 to 2017, what was her title?

David Pecker: Executive editor of Star Magazine.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you also familiar with someone named Trish McAndrews?

David Pecker: The name is familiar, but I don't recall.

Joshua Steinglass: How about just Trish?

David Pecker: Trish, yes. Trish was my assistant.

Joshua Steinglass: You don't remember your assistant's last name, Mr. Pecker? That's not going to go over very well.

David Pecker: Well, I always called her Trish for a number of years, very rarely saw her last name.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So during the period from 2015 to 2017, was she your assistant?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Are you personally familiar with Donald J. Trump?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: For how long have you known him?

David Pecker: Since the late 80s.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you see him today in the courtroom?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Would you please point him out and would you please tell us something that he's wearing?

David Pecker: He's sitting here. He is wearing, I think it's a dark blue suit.

Note: [Witness indicating]

Juan Merchan: Indicating Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you, Judge.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you meet the defendant?

David Pecker: I met the -- I met Mr. Trump at Mar-a-Lago. A client of mine, Ronald Perelman, introduced me to a fellow by the name of Nick Ribis. This is all at Mar-a-Lago. And he invited -- Nick invited me to Mar-a-Lago, and he introduced me to Mr. Trump. And Nick was the, at that time, if I recollect, he was the President of Resorts Casinos, one of Mr. Trump's hotels and casinos.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you remember about when that was?

David Pecker: I think, I would say that would be in the 80s, '88 or '89.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you describe your relationship with Mr. Trump over the years for the jury?

David Pecker: Yes. I have had a great relationship with Mr. Trump over the years, starting in the -- when, starting in '89, I had an idea of creating a magazine called Trump Style, and I presented it to Mr. Trump. And he liked the idea a lot, and just questioned me who was going to pay for it, because magazines are pretty expensive.

David Pecker: So I told him, I said, Mr. Trump, you have all of these hotels, all of these casinos, all of these apartments, you basically have a fixed distribution. So he liked the idea, and we went ahead and launched the magazine on a quarterly basis. And I would see Mr. Trump probably once a quarter at that time to get the cover approved and the content approved.

Joshua Steinglass: So you did, in fact, launch Trump Style magazine?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did your relationship with Mr. Trump change at all after you acquired the National Enquirer?

David Pecker: Yes. Well, I should say that over the years, from '89 to when I acquired the National Enquirer in March of '99, over those 10 years I had a -- I was responsible for -- I was the President of a French publishing company. And I had a lot of dealings and discussions with Mr. Trump because as the, as a celebrity in his own right at that time he was very helpful in introducing me to other executives and other people in New York.

David Pecker: And he would always advise me of parties or events or things that I would either go to or send, at that time, my editors to, that was prior to the National Enquirer. And then when I bought the National Enquirer in March of 1999, one of the first calls that I received was from Mr. Trump. He called me and he says, congratulations, he says, you bought a great magazine.

David Pecker: And he knew over the years the Editor-in-Chief and a few of the editors at the National Enquirer.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, are you familiar with the show The Apprentice?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you very briefly describe that for the jury?

David Pecker: Mr. Trump and Mark Burnett launched The Apprentice show on NBC. It was an instant success. And I had -- this was in 2000, I had a number of conversations with Mr. Trump about The Apprentice, what the ratings were, and how it was doing. And he was always kind enough to send me the content, show the ratings and I was able to publish that in the National Enquirer and some of the other magazines and I received all that content.

David Pecker: Obviously, I didn't have to pay for it. And it was a great mutual, beneficial relationship because all of the press about the show and how it was doing was all published also along that time. Then in 2003 or 2004, when Mr. Trump launched The Celebrity Apprentice, then our relationship even started to grow even further because the celebrities that he was firing on the show and the amount of press that the show received and the incredible ratings that it had and what I believed it did for Mr. Trump as a national figure on TV as The Boss did a tremendous-also help for my magazines, because they, the audience of the National Enquirer and the other celebrity magazines loved Mr. Trump as a major celebrity and followed it, followed him religiously, I should say.

David Pecker: Then I would add on that all of the -- a lot of content on the show, whether somebody was going to be fired or terminated or there was some controversy he would have, as the publisher, Mr. Trump was kind enough to give me the information first, so it was very beneficial for my magazines. And that ran from 2004 to 2014.

Joshua Steinglass: And just to put that in a little bit of context, I'm not sure you said this, but did The Apprentice show involve several contestants that were competing to be hired by Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: But even though they hadn't been hired, as people were eliminated as the show went on, he would say "You are fired," and they would basically be eliminated from the show, is that correct?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did there come a point during the relationship and the way it evolved that you just described that you came to consider Mr. Trump a friend?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And during the period from 2015 to 2017, did you consider Mr. Trump a friend?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: When you spoke with Mr. Trump, what did you call him?

David Pecker: I would call him Donald.

Joshua Steinglass: Prior to 2015, how often would you say you spoke to Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Maybe monthly or quarterly I would speak to Mr. Trump or if there was an event that came up, if he fired somebody on The Celebrity Apprentice and it was something that was going to get a lot of national news, I would speak to him more often.

Joshua Steinglass: And how often would you see him during the period from say 2015 to 2017? How often would you see him in person?

David Pecker: Oh, I would say I would see him maybe either once a month or once or twice a quarter.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And did that change at some point in 2015?

David Pecker: Yes. After Mr. Trump announced his president -- after he announced his run for president, I, I saw Mr. Trump more frequently, maybe once a month.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you also communicate with Mr. Trump by telephone?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And how often did you do that?

David Pecker: Maybe once every couple of weeks.

Joshua Steinglass: When you spoke to him, did you speak to him -- did you call him on a cell phone, a landline or something else?

David Pecker: I would call his office and I would speak to his assistant, who would transfer me to Mr. Trump, or if he called me, he would call me in my office.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you ever speak to him on your cell phone?

David Pecker: Yes, but very infrequently.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you ever speak to him on his cell phone?

David Pecker: I did, but also very infrequently.

Joshua Steinglass: So mostly it was reach each other through your offices?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, you said that when, sometimes when you would call the office and you would speak to his assistant, can you give her us name?

David Pecker: Yes, Rhona Graff.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that his assistant at the Trump Organization?

David Pecker: Yes, at the Trump Organization, Mr. Trump's assistant.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you ever communicate with Mr. Trump through his bodyguard?

David Pecker: Yes. I have.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember his bodyguard's name?

David Pecker: Keith Schiller.

Joshua Steinglass: And was that something that you did frequently or infrequently?

David Pecker: Infrequently.

Joshua Steinglass: Did Mr. Trump ever call you from Mr. Schiller's phone?

David Pecker: I believe I spoke to him on Mr. Schiller's phone maybe one time.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And were there instances where Mr. Schiller would pass messages on to you from Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Yes, but also infrequently.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Did you have occasion over the years to observe Mr. Trump's business practices?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: In what context?

David Pecker: I was -- I had a meeting with Mr. Trump in his office, and when I was there his assistant Rhona brought in a batch of invoices and checks to sign. And I observed Mr. Trump, he asked me, while he was reviewing the accounts payable packages, he -- we were talking at the same time, and I noticed that he reviewed the invoice and looked at the check and then he would -- he was signing them.

Joshua Steinglass: So on the occasion that you or the occasions that you noticed that, did you, could you tell whether the check was stapled to the invoice or just somehow attached to it?

David Pecker: I, as I recollect, the entire package was stapled together.

Joshua Steinglass: And so you observed him reviewing what looked like an invoice and signing what looked like a check?

David Pecker: That is correct.

Joshua Steinglass: How would you describe -- withdrawn. Did you visit Mr. Trump at Trump Tower on multiple occasions?

David Pecker: Over the years?

Joshua Steinglass: Over the years.

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How would you describe him as a businessman?

David Pecker: I would describe Mr. Trump as very knowledgeable. I would describe him as very detail oriented. I would describe him as an, almost as a micromanager from what I saw, that he looked at every, all of the aspects of whatever the issue was.

Joshua Steinglass: How about his approach to money?

David Pecker: I thought that his approach to money, he was very cautious and very frugal.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you familiar with someone named Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Yes, I am.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Michael Cohen was Donald Trump's personal attorney.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember when and where you met Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: I met Michael Cohen at a Bar Mitzvah in early 2000.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did you meet him?

David Pecker: Oh, one of the vendors of our company invited me and my wife to his son's Bar Mitzvah, and this fellow, it was -- he introduced me to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. Did there also -- did there ever come a time when Mr. Trump also introduced you to Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Yes, in -- I was in Mr. Trump's office and he introduced me to Michael Cohen. It was in 2007. And what he said to me was, he said that he, he hired Michael Cohen. He lives in one of his condominiums, that he has done a lot of great things for him, and all of the contacts that I had with Mr. Trump, that now my contacts should go through Michael Cohen and anything that I came up and told Mr. Trump about, if there were any rumors in the marketplace about Mr. Trump or his family or any negative stories that were coming out or anything that I heard overall that I would go through -- I would call Michael Cohen directly.

Joshua Steinglass: And that was back in 2007?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So was that before or after the Bar Mitzvah where you had first met Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Oh, seven years after.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So you had met him once before, but now Mr. Trump kind of told you he had hired him and told you about hiring him?

David Pecker: Yes. I was surprised that I knew him before.

Joshua Steinglass: During the period -- withdrawn. Were you aware of what Michael Cohen's title was vis-a-vie Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: I knew when Mr. Trump introduced Michael Cohen to me that it was his personal lawyer. That was the only title that I knew.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So during the period from 2015 to 2017, I'm obviously going to keep coming back to that period, was Michael Cohen still in that role as a personal attorney to Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: During that period, again, from 2015 to 2017, how frequently would you meet with Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: I would speak to Michael Cohen probably if I had something to call him about or I heard something, I had something to discuss, probably maybe once a month, twice a quarter. And then if there was an issue or something that he wanted to follow up on or I advised him of something and we were working on it, I would speak to him more frequently.

Joshua Steinglass: After, I think you mentioned earlier that at some point in 20 -- we will come back to this later, that at some point in 2015 you told us that Mr. Trump announced his candidacy for president?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Did your -- did the frequency of contact that you had with Michael Cohen increase, decrease or stay the same after Mr. Trump announced his candidacy?

David Pecker: Increased.

Joshua Steinglass: So after that presidential announcement, how often would you say that you had contact with Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: I would say a minimum of every week, and if there was an issue it could be daily.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know somebody named Hope Hicks?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Hope Hicks?

David Pecker: Hope Hicks was the communication director for Mr. Trump. I knew Hope Hicks also when she worked for Ivanka, for her beauty -- first for her fashion business. And then Hope Hicks worked for the communication company that I had at American Media called, the company was called Hiltzik Stragegies. And Hope worked for them and worked for, his name was Matthew Hiltzik, and Hope was assigned to work for Star Magazine.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did there come a point after Mr. Trump announced his candidacy that Hope Hicks became the communications director of the campaign?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, you mentioned in your previous answer the name Ivanka. For the record, are you referring to Ivanka Trump?

David Pecker: I am, yes. Ivanka Trump, Mr. Trump's daughter, correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. I am just making the record clear.

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So directing your attention to early 2015, did you ever speak with the defendant about his interest in running for president?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And tell the jury, can you tell the jury a little bit about that?

David Pecker: Yes. As I mentioned a little earlier, when Mr. Trump launched The Apprentice and then launched The Celebrity Apprentice, his -- I would say the interest in Mr. Trump through my magazines, basically the National Enquirer, skyrocketed. We would do a lot of research to determine what would the proper cover of the magazine to be, to see which celebrity would sell the best.

David Pecker: And in all of the time that -- every time we did this, Mr. Trump would be the top celebrity. So, and some of the other pieces of the research was clear that Mr. Trump was viewed as The Boss: Seeing him in the board room, seeing him in the -- on each of the shows every week, he was the person. So I discussed with him that we did a poll in the National Enquirer about Mr. Trump running for president, would he be -- how would the readership feel, and he -- I should say the research showed that 80 percent of the readership of the National Enquirer would want Mr. Trump to run for president.

David Pecker: And I passed that on, the information on to Donald Trump, and shortly after he was on a -- he was being interviewed on The Today Show, and Matt Lauer interviewed him with respect to his aspirations of running for president. And one of the comments was about, that Mr. Trump made was that this poll that was just recently done at the National Enquirer.

Joshua Steinglass: So he cited your poll to Matt Lauer as he was flirting with the idea of running for president?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember when Mr. Trump announced that he was running for president?

David Pecker: It was June of 2015.

Joshua Steinglass: And how do you remember that?

David Pecker: I was there at the announcement.

Joshua Steinglass: How did it come to be that you were there at the announcement?

David Pecker: I received an invitation from Michael Cohen. Michael Cohen sent me an invitation saying that there is going to be an announcement and I believe you should be there. So that's why -- that's how I knew.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: Madame Clerk, I would like to display just for the witness, the parties, and the Court at this time the next exhibit, or the first exhibit, which is People's 151. Bear with us while we work out this technology.

Joshua Steinglass: Mr. Pecker, do you see anything on your screen?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Do you recognize this exhibit, People's 151?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

David Pecker: It's an email from me to Michael Cohen dated June 2nd, 2015, thanking him for thinking of me for his invitation. And then there is an invitation from Michael Cohen to me, which is the first email inviting me to the June 16th press announcement at Trump Tower at 11 o'clock.

Joshua Steinglass: So that's the email that you were referring to?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I will offer this into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: People's 151 is accepted into evidence.

Note: [Marked in evidence.]

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, please display this for everyone.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you very much.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I'm just going to, it's a little small so I think we can blow up portions of it as we need it. Can you just tell us when you got the email?

David Pecker: June 2nd. I'm sorry, June 2nd, 2015, at 6:59 a.m.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And what was the substance of the email, you can just read it to us?

David Pecker: Oh, okay. "I hope you are well. I'm sure you have seen the news about the June 16th press announcement at Trump Tower at 11:00 a.m. As a friend, I would love if you could make it. Let me know so I can save you a seat next to me on the atrium floor. No one deserves to be there more than you."

Joshua Steinglass: And how was the email signed?

David Pecker: I'm sorry? I couldn't hear that.

Joshua Steinglass: I asked you how was the email signed, from whom, who signed it?

David Pecker: Oh, from Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. Thank you. Did you go?

David Pecker: Yes, I went.

Joshua Steinglass: Tell us about it?

David Pecker: I was there. I was with -- I went into -- I walked into Trump Tower. I -- Michael Cohen was in the atrium, so I found him, and then I was there when Mr. Trump and Melania came down the staircase and went up to the podium.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that when he announced his candidacy for president?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, again, you used the name Melania in your answer. Are you referring to Melania Trump?

David Pecker: Melania Trump, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that the defendant's wife?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Directing your attention to a couple of months later, now in August of 2015, did there come a time when you attended a meeting in Trump Tower?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember when roughly that meeting was in August?

David Pecker: It was the middle of August.

Joshua Steinglass: And who was present for that meeting?

David Pecker: Donald Trump, Michael Cohen and Hope Hicks.

Joshua Steinglass: And was Hope Hicks there the whole time or was she in and out?

David Pecker: She was in and out.

Joshua Steinglass: How about Michael Cohen and Donald Trump, were they there for the duration of the meeting?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did the meeting come about? How did you know to go?

David Pecker: I received a call from Michael Cohen telling me that The Boss wanted to see me, and that's how -- when I spoke to Michael Cohen, that's how he would refer to Donald Trump as The Boss.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand the purpose of the meeting to be before you actually got there?

David Pecker: I -- most of the time when I received a call from Michael Cohen, he wanted something, so I assumed that they were going to ask -- I was going to be asked for something. I didn't know what it was before I got there.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, can you describe for the jury what happened at that meeting, please?

David Pecker: At that meeting, Donald Trump and Michael, they asked me what can I do and what my magazines could do to help the campaign. So thinking about it, as I did previously, I said what I would do is I would run or publish positive stories about Mr. Trump and I would publish negative stories about his opponents.

David Pecker: And I said that I would also be the eyes and ears of your -- I said I would be your eyes and ears because I know that the Trump Organization had a very small staff. And then I said that anything that I hear in the marketplace, if I hear anything negative about yourself or if I hear anything about women selling stories, I would notify Michael Cohen, as I did over the last several years, I would notify Michael Cohen and then he would be able to have them kill in another magazine or have them not be published or somebody would have to purchase them.

Joshua Steinglass: Purchase the negative stories about Mr. Trump so that they would not get published, you mean?

David Pecker: That they would not get published, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So I want to break that down a little bit. First of all, when you offered -- withdrawn. So you offered to publish positive stories about Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: To publish negative stories about his opponents?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And to alert him through Michael Cohen when you came across damaging information, particularly regarding women?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And the idea was that so Mr. Trump and Mr. Cohen could prevent that information from being publicized?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So you mentioned women in particular. What made you -- are you the one who raised that? Did somebody else raise that? Can you explain to the jury how the topic of women in particular came up?

David Pecker: Well, in a presidential campaign I was the person that thought that there would be a number -- a lot of women come out to try to sell their stories, because Mr. Trump was well-known as the most eligible bachelor and dated the most beautiful women. And it was clear that based on my past experience, that when someone is running for a public office like this, the -- it is very common for these women to call up a magazine like the National Enquirer to try to sell their stories.

David Pecker: Or I would hear it in the marketplace through other sources that stories are being marketed.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have or express any ideas about how you may be able to help kind of deal with those stories by women?

David Pecker: All I said was I would notify Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: What about Bill and Hillary Clinton, did their names up during this meeting?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain how?

David Pecker: As I mentioned earlier, my having the National Enquirer, which is a weekly magazine, and you focus on the cover of the magazine and who -- and who and what is the story that is the topic of the week, the Hillary running for president and Bill Clinton's womanizing was the biggest, one of the biggest sales I had for the National Enquirer and the other tabloids, that's the other things that the readers wanted to read about and that's what I would sell weekly.

David Pecker: So I was running the Hillary Clinton stories. I was running Hillary as an enabler for Bill Clinton, with respect to all of the womanizing. And I was -- it was easy for me to say that I'm going to continue running those type of stories for the National Enquirer.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you believe that that would help Mr. Trump's campaign?

David Pecker: I think it was a mutual benefit. It would help his campaign, it would also help me.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I'm going to come back to that and ask you to elaborate a little bit more?

David Pecker: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: But specifically for the coverage of Hillary Clinton as an enabler of Bill Clinton's womanizing, that was your focus?

David Pecker: Yes, that's what I said.

Joshua Steinglass: How, if at all, did Mr. Trump react to your suggestion that you would continue to do that?

David Pecker: He was pleased.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you discuss it at any greater length?

David Pecker: As I recollect, he was pleased. Michael Cohen was pleased on the way I was going to handle these issues. And that was the basis of the conversation.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So now you started to allude to earlier that to some extent this arrangement that you came to at this Trump Tower meeting was mutually beneficial?

David Pecker: Yes, that's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain to the jury what you mean by that?

David Pecker: When I'm saying mutually beneficial is in writing positive stories about Mr. Trump and covering the election and writing negative stories about his opponents is only going to increase the newsstand sales of the National Enquirer and the other tabloids. So for me that was my benefit, and then in doing what -- in publishing these type of stories was also going to benefit his campaign.

David Pecker: So that's where I was saying that we were both mutually, both parties were benefiting from it.

Note: [Theresa Magnicari relieved Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Joshua Steinglass: And so, by each of the things that you agreed to do, did you believe you were doing, both helping Mr. Trump's campaign and also helping sell some magazines?

David Pecker: Yes, I needed the help.

Joshua Steinglass: So the portion of the agreement that involved notifying Michael Cohen about negative stories either from women or some other kind of negative story, what was the ultimate objective of that component of the arrangement that you made at Trump Tower?

David Pecker: Can you rephrase that question?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes. It wasn't a good question, I will try again. You said that part of the arrangement was, that you would notify Trump through Michael Cohen if you came upon negative stories, whether they involved women or just other negative stories?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the purpose of notifying Michael Cohen when. You came upon stories like that?

David Pecker: Well, as I did in the past, that would be in the past eight years, when I notified Michael Cohen of a story that was a negative story, he would try to vet it himself to see if the story was true or not. He would go to the individual publication to get the story to make sure the story wasn't published and getting killed.

Joshua Steinglass: Prior to that August 2015 meeting, had you ever purchased a story to not print it about Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, that part of the deal where you were going to notify them so they could buy up negative information about Mr. Trump, that part, did that part help the National Enquirer at all. How was that going to boost sales of the National Enquirer?

David Pecker: No, that didn't help. That is the mutual benefit portion of it.

Joshua Steinglass: Except that part doesn't have a mutual benefit. The purpose of that component was to benefit the campaign, am I understanding you right?

David Pecker: That is right.

Joshua Steinglass: But the part about running the positive stories, that was mutually beneficial?

David Pecker: Yes, the part about running the tabloid stories on the opponents, that was mutually beneficial.

Joshua Steinglass: Were any of the agreements, the agreement to print the negative stories about the opponents, positive stories from Trump, or the agreement to notify Michael Cohen about potentially negative stories about Donald Trump, were any of those agreements put into writing?

David Pecker: No, they weren't put into writing. It was just an agreement among friends.

Joshua Steinglass: Roughly, how long would you say this meeting lasted?

David Pecker: Twenty to 25 minutes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you discuss this meeting with anyone afterwards?

David Pecker: Yes. When I went back to my office -- as a matter of fact, I went immediately back to my office and I met with Dylan Howard. I mentioned his name yesterday. He was the Chief Content Officer of the company, and the Editor-in-Chief of the National Enquirer. I described to him the meeting I just had with Mr. Trump and Michael Cohen, and I described to him that this concept and agreement that I made has to be highly, highly confidential.

David Pecker: So what I asked him to do was, I said -- I asked him to notify the West Coast Bureau Chief of the National Enquirer, his name was Jerry George, and I asked him to notify the East Coast Bureau Chief of the National Enquirer, his name is Barry Levine, and I said that any stories that are out there that are commenting about Donald Trump, commenting about his family, commenting about the election, whatever it might be, I want you to vet the stories, I want you to bring them to me. And then I said, we'll have to speak to Michael Cohen.

David Pecker: You will call Michael Cohen, or I will call him, and we'll tell him what the stories are, but I want to make sure we vet them first.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you tell him why you asked him to keep this arrangement secret?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you tell him?

David Pecker: I told him that we were going to try to help the campaign, and to do that, I want to keep this as quiet as possible.

Joshua Steinglass: Because if it came out that you were helping the campaign, it would kind of undermine the whole point?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: So let me rephrase that. Why was it important to you that the arrangement be kept secret?

David Pecker: We have several hundred people that work within the company, and being a tabloid company, the leaks are probably more prevalent within the organization than outside the organization, and I did not want anyone else to know about this agreement I had and what I wanted to do, so that's why I wanted it very confidential.

Joshua Steinglass: So did you follow through? Did you publish a series of pro-Trump articles in the National Enquirer?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to show you and only you -- well, the attorneys, People's 152. Tell me when you see that pop up on your screen. Do you see it?

David Pecker: Not yet, no. Yes, I have it in front of me.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you recognize this document, 152?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

David Pecker: These are articles and covers from the National Enquirer.

Joshua Steinglass: Is it a document containing several headlines?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: For stories about then candidate Donald Trump that were published in the National Enquirer between the August 2015 meeting and around the time of the presidential election in 2016?

David Pecker: Yes, that's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Do the headlines correspond to actual stories run in the National Enquirer during that time period?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: And are the dates on the headlines accurate?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And, just to be clear, the exhibit is a collection of headlines, not the story itself?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer them into evidence.

Emil Bove: We have no objection. We would ask for a limiting instruction.

Juan Merchan: Jurors, the Court is accepting People's 152 into evidence. The exhibit is being admitted for the limited purpose of demonstrating that the articles were published, and the headlines were published, and the dates they were published. Also, to put them into context, to put the rest of the presentation in context.

Juan Merchan: The exhibit is not in evidence for any other purpose.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibit 152 was received into evidence.]

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Now, may we please display that to everyone.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on screen.]

Joshua Steinglass: People's 152, this is a series of headlines praising Mr. Trump? That was a question.

David Pecker: Pardon me.

Joshua Steinglass: That's okay. The question was: Are these a series of articles, headlines praising Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Yes, I was just reading them.

Joshua Steinglass: Did each of these headlines correspond to stories that you ran in the National Enquirer?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And running these stories in the National Enquirer, was that in fulfilment of the arrangement that you struck, or part of the arrangement that you struck at the Trump Tower meeting in August 2015?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: All right. You also mentioned that another component of that arrangement with Donald Trump and Michael Cohen involved publishing negative stories about Trump's opponents, is that fair to say?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: If we can go back to just showing the witness and the attorneys and the Court.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to show you People's 153A, B and C. Do you see those?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: By the way, Mr. Pecker, have you had a chance to review each of these exhibits prior to today, you are not seeing them for the first time?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: What are these exhibits, 153A, B and C, in most general terms?

David Pecker: These are negative articles and cover headlines or images that we published on Mr. Trump's opponents. I would like to say one other thing, if I can.

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

David Pecker: My conversations with Michael Cohen, Michael Cohen would call me and say -- he would say, we would like for you to run a negative article on, let's say, for argument sake, on Ted Cruz. Then he would send me -- he being Michael Cohen -- would send me information about Ted Cruz or about Ben Carson or about Marco Rubio.

David Pecker: That was the basis of our story, and then we would embellish it from there.

Joshua Steinglass: "We," meaning?

David Pecker: The National Enquirer. The National Enquirer. I would speak to Dylan. He would hear the story. They would start putting together the pieces of it, the photos, what makes sense, how we would try to do it, how the editorial would be executed. It was a process we were trying to explain, not just coming up with the headline.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you for clarifying that. Let me ask you, as part of your answer just now you said that Michael Cohen would call you periodically and say, "We would like you to run a negative story about this political opponent or that political opponent," is that correct?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who did you understand "we" to be referring to?

David Pecker: Michael Cohen always told me he was not part of the campaign, so I only assumed that he was talking to Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: To or about?

David Pecker: When I say "we?"

Joshua Steinglass: Right.

David Pecker: Michael Cohen wasn't part of the campaign. When he said "we," I thought he was talking about himself and Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, what did you understand Michael Cohen's relationship to the campaign to be?

David Pecker: He always told me he was not part of the campaign.

Joshua Steinglass: He did not work for the campaign?

David Pecker: He told me he wasn't part of the campaign. He didn't work for the campaign. He was on the outside. He kept on saying he was Mr. Trump's personal attorney and that he is a lawyer and he didn't have any issues. He said there was no issues with him with the campaign.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand, if anything, his relationship to the campaign to be, I don't mean formal? Let me put it this way, did you understand there to be an informal relationship between Mr. Cohen and the campaign?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand the relationship to be between Mr. Cohen and the campaign?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand the relationship between Michael Cohen and the campaign to be?

David Pecker: I thought that -- I am going to say it the best way I can. Michael was physically there in every aspect of whatever the campaign was working on, at least at the Trump Organization, at the Trump Tower. He was physically there where the offices were. I thought, probably, he would have heard things. He wasn't part of the campaign, but I think he may have heard things informally, or he injected himself into it. He said it was informal, that's what I thought because he said he wasn't part of the campaign.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "he injected himself into it," what do you mean?

David Pecker: If there were issues. For example, let's say that -- let's go back to Ted Cruz as an example. So he is physically in that environment, and if he heard -- I don't know if he heard it from Mr. Trump or if he heard it from another person within the campaign or someone else, that there are issues about Ted Cruz and we want this negative article to be written, I would only work with Michael, so I don't know who else he spoke to. That's what I was trying to say.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. When you used the phrase "inject himself into it," is it the campaign?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So back to Exhibits 153A, B and C. My question is: Do these documents contain different headlines for stories about various opponents that Trump was facing in the various primaries that were published in the National Enquirer in the months following your August 2015 meeting with Mr. Trump and Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: And do the headlines correspond to actual stories run in the National Enquirer during that time period?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And are the dates contained under each of those headlines accurate?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer them into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection, subject to the same limiting instruction.

Juan Merchan: People's Exhibits 153A, B and C are accepted into evidence with the same caveat. At this time they're being admitted for the limited purpose of demonstrating that the article was published on or about a certain date, and to provide context for the other exhibit. The exhibit is not in evidence for the truth of the matters asserted.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibits 153A, B and C were received into evidence.]

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I would like to now show everyone People's 153A. To which candidate does 153A pertain?

David Pecker: Dr. Ben Carson.

Joshua Steinglass: Were these articles published towards the end of 2015?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Had Ben Carson been gaining popularity in the polls at that time?

David Pecker: Yes, he had.

Joshua Steinglass: And were these headlines run in accordance with your agreement that you had struck at Trump Tower in August of 2015 with Mr. Trump and Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to show you 153B, and ask you, to whom does this series of headlines pertain?

David Pecker: Ted Cruz.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to show you a few in particular. I am displaying the first exhibit on Page 1. Does the headline say "Ted Cruz Shamed by Porn Star?"

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you run an article with that headline in the National Enquirer?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is there any story behind that one?

David Pecker: I would like to clarify, just so it's clear, that when we were preparing an article, let's say for Ted Cruz, we communicated what we were doing and the direction of the article with Michael Cohen. We would also send him the PDF's of the stories before it was published so he could see what direction they were going, that we were moving to, and he would comment on them.

David Pecker: So we would add content based on the information, some of the information that Michael Cohen had.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he ever tell you whether he had shared these headlines with "The Boss" prior to their publication?

David Pecker: I don't recollect that, no.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did any -- withdrawn. Did there come a time when candidate Trump -- then candidate Trump introduced you to Stephen Bannon?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am getting ahead of myself a little bit. I want to show you one or more of these headlines.

Joshua Steinglass: Can we show them to the jury and the witness. Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on screen.]

Joshua Steinglass: Scroll down to Page 3, first headline. Do you remember anything about the history of this article in particular, this headline that states "Ted Cruz Sex Scandal, Five Secret Mistresses?"

David Pecker: I don't remember the details of it, but I remember the article.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember discussing it with Michael Cohen prior to its publication?

David Pecker: We would have discussed it, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am going to show you one more from this exhibit, which is 153B, Page 5, top headline, "Donald Trump Blasts Ted Cruz's Dad for Photo with JFK Assassin." Do you remember anything about the history behind this article?

David Pecker: Yes. Dylan Howard had the Research Department take a look at Ted Cruz's father's photos, and we matched the photos in every different picture with that of Lee Harvey Oswald, and we matched the two together. That's how that story was prepared and created, I should say.

Joshua Steinglass: And these articles that pertain to Ted Cruz, are they mostly around the Spring of 2016?

David Pecker: May I see that?

Joshua Steinglass: [Handing]

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am talking about the whole bunch of them. If you want, we can flip through them just to make sure you are comfortable answering that.

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So the question is: Are these articles mostly around the Spring?

David Pecker: Mostly around the Spring.

Joshua Steinglass: Of 2016?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Had Ted Cruz been gaining popularity as a candidate at that time?

David Pecker: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: Finally, I am going to show you 153C and ask you: To whom do these headlines pertain?

David Pecker: Marco Rubio.

Joshua Steinglass: And were these articles published toward the end of 2015, beginning of 2016?

David Pecker: Yes, they were.

Joshua Steinglass: And had Marco Rubio been gaining popularity at that time?

David Pecker: I believe he was.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember when he dropped out of the race?

David Pecker: No, I don't.

Joshua Steinglass: Why were you running these stories about Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz and Ben Carson?

David Pecker: After the Republican debates, and based on the success of some of the other candidates, I would receive a call from Michael Cohen and he would direct me and direct Dylan Howard on which candidate and which direction we should go. That's how the process happened.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, I started to ask you before, did there come a time when then candidate Trump introduced you to Stephen Bannon?

David Pecker: Yes, he did.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember around when that was?

David Pecker: It was October of 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Who was Stephen Bannon at the time?

David Pecker: Stephen Bannon was a political consultant for Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And was he working on Donald Trump's campaign?

David Pecker: Yes, it was my understanding he was working on the campaign.

Joshua Steinglass: What, if anything, did Mr. Trump tell you about Stephen Bannon?

David Pecker: He said to me that I believe that you and Stephen would get along really well. And Bannon, when I spoke to him, he said that he went through some of these articles that you just displayed now, he liked them very much. He had some other ideas and would I be able to get him some issues, other issues of the National Enquirer he could take a look at. So in that meeting, I boxed up a bunch of issues of the National Enquirer that had Hillary and stories along those lines, and I remember sending it to his apartment.

David Pecker: It was someplace on the Upper West Side.

Joshua Steinglass: His apartment being?

David Pecker: Stephen Bannon's apartment.

Joshua Steinglass: Did Donald Trump tell you specifically what or even generally what he wanted you to do vis-a-vis Stephen Bannon?

David Pecker: He said that he thought that both of us could work very well together. And then after Bannon reviewed the articles, he called me and he said that --

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: When you were starting to answer, don't say what he or she was going to say. Who is the "he" that you were referring to in the answer that you were just about to give, is the "he" Stephen Bannon or was the "he" Donald Trump?

David Pecker: The "he" was Stephen Bannon.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you do after -- withdrawn. Did Mr. Bannon ever pitch any articles to the National Enquirer?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

David Pecker: What he suggested was that, based on some of the Hillary articles that we had, that we should take a National Enquirer reporter and have them go on the Hannity show and discuss the articles with Hannity.

Joshua Steinglass: Articles that you had written?

Emil Bove: Objection. Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. That answer is stricken.

Joshua Steinglass: So I am not asking you about articles that you did run or you had already run. Did Stephen Bannon ever ask you to run any particular articles?

Emil Bove: Objection. May I be heard at sidebar?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Whereupon, proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Emil Bove: Thank you for hearing me, Judge. This is entirely hearsay. I understand that the witness at times is going beyond what Mr. Steinglass is asking, I respect that. In terms of whatever the jury is hearing regarding admissible testimony, I don't think there is much of any with respect to this topic on Mr. Bannon.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Steinglass.

Joshua Steinglass: First of all, none of the statements that were elicited are hearsay at all. They're not statements that are being offered for the truth of the matter asserted. These are people who are at the defendant's behest, who are working with the witness to either pump up the positive stories about Mr. Trump or pump negative stories about the opponents.

Joshua Steinglass: That is part of the whole scheme here. These are almost like verbal acts. It's not for the truth of the matter being asserted if the witness is asked if Stephen Bannon asked the witness to run a particular story.

Juan Merchan: So you are not offering the statement for its truth? I need to give the jury an instruction.

Susan Necheles: These stories, he is not offering these stories, but the fact that Stephen Bannon asked this of the witness for the truth. He wants to put in evidence that Stephen Bannon asked this to show that Stephen Bannon did, in fact, ask it, that's the definition of "for the truth." That is pure hearsay, the stories.

Susan Necheles: He is not putting the stories in, he is putting testimony about what Stephen Bannon did.

Joshua Steinglass: I think there are several answers to that, but at least one of them is, if there are multiple co-conspirators -- this is going to come up soon anyway -- if there are multiple co-conspirators who are conspiring to influence the election under the Election Law, that is part of the secondary crime, which we have to prove, that there is a conspiracy to influence the election.

Joshua Steinglass: So this seems to me to be the heart of the admissible evidence in this case. So I think it's res gestae of that conspiracy. It's res gestae and co-conspirator statements.

Emil Bove: Res gestae doesn't overcome the hearsay exception. This is the first we're hearing from the Government about Stephen Bannon being an alleged co-conspirator in connection with the so-called conspiracy to influence the election. The Government just elicited testimony that he is a member of the campaign working to do, at best, based on the hearsay that's been elicited so far, normal traditional campaign work that everybody does.

Emil Bove: This should not come in as a co-conspirator statement.

Juan Merchan: I will excuse the jury.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: We're going to go ahead and take a short break at this time. You can step out.

Note: [Jury leaving courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: Mr. Pecker, you can step out.

Note: [Witness leaving courtroom.]

Emil Bove: As I was saying at sidebar, we object to this line of inquiry because what's happening here is the Government is eliciting hearsay statements from Stephen Bannon as a declarant. They're being offered for their truth. There's also been no notice that the Government considers Mr. Bannon to be a co-conspirator in this case.

Emil Bove: As the Court knows, there is no conspiracy charged in the indictment. Statements by a campaign staff member doing normal campaign work do not further any alleged conspiracy that the People are relying on as a predicate act. And the limiting instruction that you are giving with respect to the newspaper articles could not adequately cure the risk of prejudice when we're talking about testimony from statements like this.

Emil Bove: It's just very far afield from what the charges are in this case, what has been alleged before this line was elicited about how this conspiracy functioned. And so the reason I asked for the sidebar, it's difficult on a question-by-question basis, other than just continually, we think this whole line is inadmissible.

Juan Merchan: People.

Joshua Steinglass: So, several things. First of all, part of what we will be eliciting here is what Stephen Bannon asked the witness to do. The question is not hearsay. It's not a statement that is being offered for the truth. It is, as I suggested at the bench, much more akin to a verbal act. Moreover, and let me just say, I think that we've gotten enough on this topic, so I don't really need to go back into it. This may be moot.

Joshua Steinglass: I do see this coming up. Counsel said it yesterday in the opening, and Mr. Bove said it again, and I think there is a misperception about the law and about what this case is about. It is true that there is no conspiracy charge on the indictment. However, as the Court is aware, Falsifying Business Records in the First Degree requires an intent to defraud, that includes the intent to commit or conceal another crime.

Joshua Steinglass: The primary crime that we have alleged is New York State Election Law Section 17-152. There is conspiracy language in the statute. In that statute it reads: "Any two or more persons who conspire to promote or prevent the election of any person to a public office by unlawful means and which conspiracy is acted upon by one or more of the parties thereto, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor." So while it's true that there is no conspiracy in the second degree charge on the indictment, it is not true that a conspiracy has not always been alleged to be part of this case.

Joshua Steinglass: The entire case is predicated on the idea that there was a conspiracy to influence the election in 2016. Mr. Bove may interpret some of the evidence in a way that is different from the way that we interpret it, but that's what the jury's role is, to interpret what the nature and scope of that conspiracy was.

Joshua Steinglass: This is evidence that will aid them in making that determination.

Juan Merchan: So I agree with what you are saying, Mr. Steinglass. My concern is, did you give any notice that you intended to elicit this type of information and ask these type of questions from this witness about Mr. Bannon?

Joshua Steinglass: No, I don't think that we did. Although, I am not sure that there is a requirement that we do so. That being said, I think this issue will come up with other testimony more so and we can stop asking questions about Stephen Bannon and his involvement in this conspiracy.

Juan Merchan: Since we're talking about it now --

Joshua Steinglass: I am sorry, one thing more I will say, I don't mean to interrupt you. To finish my thought, Bannon's name is all over the exhibits and the discovery that we provided to counsel. So even though we never specifically say there is a view of the evidence that he could be considered a co-conspirator in this aspect of the conspiracy, it is not like this is the first time they're hearing his name.

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think there are about 11 million pages of discovery, so the fact that somebody's name appeared in those pages, I'm not sure that puts anybody on notice that hearsay from that person as a declarant at this trial is going to be elicited. There is no misperception on this side about the predicate that Mr. Steinglass just talked about.

Emil Bove: I think what the issue is, that the existence of a conspiracy argument is not the sole requirement for the hearsay exception we're talking about. The statement that is being offered also has to further the conspiracy at issue. I don't think there is any basis for a conclusion that what was just elicited from Mr. Pecker regarding Mr. Bannon is furthering the conspiracy that is alleged as the predicate to the charges in the indictment.

Emil Bove: What that was, I submit, is very normal standard campaign work. And I agree with Mr. Steinglass, that is the type of thing that will come up throughout the trial. That predicate should not be used as an excuse to shovel in hearsay from witnesses who will testify at the trial.

Juan Merchan: Let me hear from Mr. Steinglass.

Joshua Steinglass: I think we disagree with that characterization. To the extent that Mr. Bannon could be seen as a person who is contributing to the endeavor to publish negative stories about Mr. Trump's political opponents, that is very much a part of the conspiracy. True, that in and of itself might not be criminal, we can have much debate back and forth on this.

Joshua Steinglass: In connection with all of the other evidence in the case and the robust components of the agreement that was forged at Trump Tower to influence the election, that was a piece of it. The evidence doesn't have to be conclusive to be admissible. It has to be relevant, and it's relevant to this idea of the conspiracy, whether Mr. Bove has a proved innocent explanation for it or not.

Juan Merchan: All right. With regard to Mr. Bannon, at this point it appears to be a moot point because you are going to move on, right?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Juan Merchan: This is something that we need to move on moving forward. I do agree with the People's assertions that they are required to prove that there was an intent to commit another crime. And in this case the Court has given the People permission to pursue three different theories of that. So long as the People can establish that the testimony that is being elicited does advance one of those three theories, I think it's fine, I think it's acceptable.

Emil Bove: Just so I understand it, when you say "advance," you mean the otherwise inadmissible hearsay at issue, to further the predicate that we're talking about?

Juan Merchan: It has to be viewed in context. The one statement that is made may not move the ball, but if that one statement in the context of everything else does, then it would be admissible. Let's take a brief recess.

Note: [Recess.]

Note: [Whereupon, Theresa Magniccari was relieved by Laurie Eisenberg as Court Reporter.]

Note: [Whereupon, the case is recalled following a recess.]

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, David Pecker, having been previously duly sworn and/or affirmed, resumes the witness stand and testifies as follows.]

Court Officer: Jurors entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are present and properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Mr. Steinglass.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: During the time that you were the CEO at AMI, did you have access to the business records of AMI?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And did the business records of AMI include invoices, vouchers, general ledger entries, non-disclosure agreements, and amendments related to the subject matter of this case?

David Pecker: Yes, they do.

Joshua Steinglass: Do the records also include emails and texts back and forth between and among AMI employees, as well as business-related texts and emails between AMI employees and third parties?

David Pecker: Yes, they do.

Joshua Steinglass: Were those records, emails and texts kept and maintained on AMI servers, computers and employee cell phones?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am now going to hand you a thumb drive.

Note: [Whereupon, a thumb drive is given to the witness by the court officer.]

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you to take a look at it and let us know if you've had an opportunity to review the documents contained on that thumb drive.

David Pecker: Yes, I have.

Joshua Steinglass: How do you know?

David Pecker: I have my signature and the date that I looked at it.

Joshua Steinglass: Have you had an opportunity to review each of the files contained on that thumb drive?

David Pecker: Yes, I have.

Joshua Steinglass: A moment ago I asked you if some of the exhibits on the thumb drive contain emails.

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Does AMI maintain a server that hosts its emails?

David Pecker: Yes, they do.

Joshua Steinglass: Do those servers capture information associated with emails, including the "to", the "from", the "date", the "time sent", things like that?

David Pecker: Yes, they do.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that information, generally, accurately contained in the header of each email?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you expect that information to be accurately recorded in the email system at AMI?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Are the emails and headers captured and maintained on the server in the ordinary course of AMI business?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: And is email used, in part, to conduct AMI business?

David Pecker: Yes, they -- yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are business emails relied upon in making business decisions?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: And do the emails contained in these exhibits appear to be in the standard AMI email format, including the headers? Before you answer that, I'm referring, specifically, to the emails contained in People's Exhibits 163 to 170. Now you can answer.

David Pecker: Oh. Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, directing your attention to People's Exhibits 171 through 179. Do some of the exhibits on the thumb drive contain texts among AMI employees and between AMI employees and third parties?

David Pecker: Yes, they do.

Joshua Steinglass: Are those texts stored on AMI employee devices?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: Do the devices capture information associated with the texts, again, including the "to", the "from", the "date", and the "time sent"?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you expect that information to be accurately recorded on those devices?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: During the time of your employment, did you have a company-owned cell phone?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Was that phone used for business purposes?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: To the extent that AMI employees' phones are used for business purposes, does AMI have the ability to extract business-related information from those phones, including texts?

David Pecker: Yes, they do.

Joshua Steinglass: Have you ever participated in other situations where litigation required AMI to collect and provide text messages from employee phones?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And, very generally speaking, how is that accomplished?

David Pecker: The IT Department -- the Legal Department would put a legal hold, send it to the IT Department, and the IT Director would send -- would actually put a hold on all of the content -- all of the content that was related to that case or that issue. And you would receive a letter from Legal Department telling you that this is being done.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "IT", is that information technology?

David Pecker: Sorry. Information Technology. Sorry about that.

Joshua Steinglass: It's okay. So, during those instances where it became necessary to take the texts from the employees' phones, did AMI have the ability to physically take possession of those phones to download or otherwise forensically image the texts that were the subject of the litigation hold?

David Pecker: Yes. The Legal Department would actually call and ask for the phone. And they would take -- they would do it from there with the IT -- with the Information Technology Department.

Joshua Steinglass: Right. Thank you. Are texts used, in part, to conduct AMI business?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And are such texts relied upon in making business decisions?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: Were the texts exchanges contained on that thumb drive collected and produced by AMI and its employees in response to a search warrant seeking documents and communications relevant to the subject matter of this case?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do the texts contained in these exhibits appear to be in the format in which AMI produced them in response to the search warrant?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are People's Exhibits 171 through 178 text message files that were produced by AMI as Microsoft Excel documents?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And are People's Exhibits 171-A through 178-A PDF versions of the corresponding numbered exhibit?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: So, for example, People's 171-A is a PDF version of the Excel document of the document marked 171?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are the PDF versions are exact copies?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: For each of the various types of records that you just mentioned, that is the emails, the texts, and also the vouchers, the general ledger entries, the non-disclosure agreements, the amendments, for each of those types of records, are they generated in the regular and ordinary course of business of AMI?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: And is it part of the business of AMI to make and keep these records?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are the entries in those records made at or close to the time of the transaction or events to which they relate?

David Pecker: Yes, they are.

Joshua Steinglass: And is the person or persons who makes them under a business duty to do so accurately?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer into evidence People's Exhibits 154 through 170, also 179, and the A's of this for 171-A through 178-A.

Juan Merchan: Can you repeat that?

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

Juan Merchan: 154 through 170.

Joshua Steinglass: 154 through 170. 179. And then the A's of this for 171-A through 178-A. So, that would be 171-A, 172-A, all the way up to 178-A.

Juan Merchan: Any objections?

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge. The only --

Juan Merchan: What are the grounds for your objections?

Emil Bove: The hearsay objections that I raised yesterday, as well as the -- the testimony that was just given about vouchers.

Juan Merchan: Come up.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge. So, the text message exhibits are 1 -- as I understand, 171 through 179.

Juan Merchan: That's what I have.

Emil Bove: With the cash pays. To the extent those text messages were originated by Mr. Pecker, we object on the hearsay grounds I articulated yesterday, that even if they are business records, the statements in the texts messages are being offered for the truth, and they are inadmissible hearsay on that basis. When Mr. Pecker is a communicant on the text messages, I understand those can come in, and the person he's communicating with, the other side of those messages can come in for context.

Emil Bove: There may be a subsequent point at this trial where other witnesses testify and make other of these texts messages admissible. The fact that the text messages are business records -- I agree the foundation has --

Juan Merchan: Are these being offered for the truth?

Joshua Steinglass: Yeah. I think they are. I think to the extent that -- I think there's two separate issues here: One is: Are they business records? It sounds like the defense is not contesting that.

Juan Merchan: Right.

Joshua Steinglass: The second is: Are there, perhaps, embedded hearsay in some of these, not admissible by another hearsay exception?

Juan Merchan: Right.

Joshua Steinglass: We're all working hard here. I do feel like it's a little late in the game to be raising these objections. They've had these exhibits for nine months, and they've been designated as exhibits since August of last year. But, to the extent that there may be some embedded hearsay in some of those, I think what the defense needs to do is identify those portions of the exhibits that they believe is embedded hearsay, and then we can have argument as to whether or not there's a valid hearsay objection.

Joshua Steinglass: But, we've laid a foundation they're admissible as business records. To the extent --

Juan Merchan: There is. They're admissible as business records. There's no dispute with that. But, if it's hearsay, it's still hearsay, and you still have to get it out. I don't think the solution now is to send the defense back to look through each one of these exhibits. If you know any one you're offering contains hearsay, maybe you can make it easier for all of us.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, [Laughs], I don't mean to be laughing, Judge. There's a lot of exhibits here, and there is a lot of texts back and forth. It's our position that, primarily -- there's one thing that Mr. Bove said that I very much don't agree with, which is that there's some relevance to whether the declarant is present.

Joshua Steinglass: A business record is a business record if it's between two people.

Juan Merchan: We don't need to get bogged down with that. All I care about: Is there hearsay or isn't there hearsay?

Joshua Steinglass: The reason I'm saying that two AMI employees having a text about a particular story like the Dino Sajudin story, that is admissible hearsay --

Juan Merchan: It doesn't matter that he's not here testifying.

Joshua Steinglass: Both of them.

Juan Merchan: Right. It doesn't matter, provided that they come in under some other exception.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Because it would still be hearsay, even if it's a business record.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, okay. But, I will say a couple of things. First, I think that there -- that the fact that it's a business record may mean that conversations among employees about business-related matters are admissible because they're business records, even if -- otherwise, there would be no business record. Everything in a business record is, arguably, an out-of-court statement being offered for the truth.

Joshua Steinglass: So, I do think that, for example, if a person who was a party to a conversation was not under a business duty to do so accurately, that would be embedded hearsay, and that would need to find another exception to the hearsay rule. I believe the primary exception to the hearsay rule on which we would rely is co-conspirator hearsay.

Joshua Steinglass: And I believe the testimony of Mr. Pecker has already established a prima facie case of conspiracy, so that statements made in the business records that are in furtherance of that conspiracy would be admissible, in addition, on those grounds. But, I think -- I -- I am suggesting, gently, that it would be an uncharitable view of the business records exception to suggest that every statement contained in a business record has to be independently admissible under some objection other than business records.

Juan Merchan: I agree. I agree.

Emil Bove: Judge -- Judge, that's the law, that when there's embedded hearsay, hearsay within hearsay, that there has to be another basis for the statements to be admissible. That's in the New York Rules of Evidence. It is not an exception to the hearsay rule that the communicants are each employees at the company whose -- the company whose business records are being offered.

Emil Bove: The fact that the employees are on those records does not make them admissible. There's not been a foundation laid for a suggestion, if I understood it correctly, that AMI -- every name of an employee is charged with a conspiracy, is charged as a predicate. It is their burden to establish admissibility.

Juan Merchan: I'm accepting the records into evidence as business records. If something comes up that you believe is hearsay and is not admissible, you can make your objection.

Emil Bove: Just, can I lay out numbers?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Emil Bove: 173 and 174 are text messages between Mr. Pecker and Dylan Howard. So, we are not objecting to those coming in on this hearsay within hearsay argument on the basis I described. Mr. Pecker, I understand, comes in. Mr. Howard's statements are inadmissible hearsay, but they're admissible to provide contents to what Mr. Pecker said. 171-A, for example, is a series of messages between Dylan Howard and Gina Rodriguez, with factual assertions being offered for the truth.

Emil Bove: So, we can address them in realtime. We raised this yesterday. We sent the People more objections last night at eight o'clock. I respect that the People were observing last night.

Joshua Steinglass: I know. I know.

Emil Bove: I understand the timing of this. We'll continue to communicate with them on it. What I would ask for this afternoon, when we're short on time, I've identified two strings where the witness is on the stand, that we cover those, and we talk a little more about the others.

Juan Merchan: I appreciate that. Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Your objection is noted and overruled. The documents are accepted into evidence as business records. To the extent that there may be any embedded hearsay within them, we'll deal with it as it comes in.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Whereupon, the aforementioned People's Exhibits are received in evidence.]

Joshua Steinglass: Does the name Dino Sajudin mean anything to you?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Dino Sajudin?

David Pecker: Dino Sajudin was a doorman at Trump Tower.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you come to learn about Dino Sajudin?

David Pecker: Dylan Howard came to me with respect to a tip that he heard and his reporters heard that --

Emil Bove: Judge, objection to the substance of the tip based on your in limine ruling.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you answer? Just speak a little louder and closer to the microphone.

David Pecker: Okay. Thank you. What I was saying is, you know, Dylan came to me. He received -- when I say a "tip", a source -- from one of his sources that Dino was in the market, selling a story that Donald Trump fathered an illegitimate girl with a maid at -- at Trump Tower, and the maid worked in his -- in Mr. Trump's penthouse.

Joshua Steinglass: Roughly, when was it that Dylan Howard came to you with this information about this source?

David Pecker: It was, as I recall, October of 2015.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you do after you learned about this story about Mr. Trump fathering an illegitimate child with his housekeeper?

David Pecker: I immediately called Michael Cohen. And I described to him exactly what I was told by Dylan. And I -- in addition, I also gave him the name. I gave him Dino's name. And I gave him the name of the housekeeper in the penthouse. And I asked him to verify that, first with the Trump Organization Payroll, to see actually -- if they were actually there during this period of time or not.

David Pecker: And immediately, Michael Cohen said to me, he says, "Absolutely not true." He says, "But I'll check it out."

Joshua Steinglass: When he said, "Absolutely not true," did you take that to mean that he was denying that Mr. Trump had, in fact, fathered a child with his housekeeper?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, why upon learning of this story did you reach out to Michael Cohen in the first place?

David Pecker: In August, we had a -- we had our meeting in August, we had our agreement that anything that I heard in the marketplace that was going to be negative to Trump -- to Mr. Trump or his family or the campaign, I would notify Michael Cohen immediately.

Joshua Steinglass: So, this was part of the agreement that you had made?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you leave it with Michael Cohen after that first call?

David Pecker: That he would verify the names and that he would call me back.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Tell the jury what happened next.

David Pecker: So, Michael Cohen called me back, if it was that day or the next day, and said that he verified the two names on -- on payroll, so they actually worked there, and he asked me to check out the story.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he indicate one way or the other whether he had spoken to Mr. Trump about the story?

David Pecker: [Pause]. I believe that was at a later time.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm sorry?

David Pecker: I believe that was later. At a later time.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. How did you leave it after that second call?

David Pecker: I spoke to Dylan, and I asked Dylan to see -- to check the story out, to verify whether it could be true or not and to -- one, we should prepare a Source Agreement. We should have Dino take a polygraph --

Joshua Steinglass: Stop right there. I didn't mean to interrupt you. What you were about to say, don't say that. Just say, please, what steps you were gonna take to pursue the story, not referring to the last thing you mentioned.

David Pecker: I asked Dylan to verify if the story was true or not.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Thank you. You mentioned a Source document, yes?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is a Source document?

David Pecker: A Source document is an agreement with a potential source or tipster that they have a story. And the agreement is between the magazine and the tipster or the source that says for a period of time, 90 days, 120 days, we have exclusive rights, the magazine has exclusive rights to the story. And then there's a compensation in the agreement based on if the story is published or not.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you enter into such an agreement with Mr. Sajudin?

David Pecker: Yes, we did.

Joshua Steinglass: How did that come about?

David Pecker: I asked Dylan to negotiate a price -- to negotiate a number, a price to buy the story and take it off the market. And Dylan went ahead. And there was two parts to this. The first part is, our normal procedures is we have the source or the tipster take a polygraph test, and we normally pay $500 for a polygraph test.

David Pecker: So, we took the polygraph --

Joshua Steinglass: Please don't tell us any polygraph results. Just keep that.

David Pecker: Um, I pursued the story after -- I pursued the story. That's what he said. We pursued the story.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you discuss the purchase of the story with Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Tell us about that conversation.

David Pecker: I called Michael Cohen up. I called Michael Cohen, and I said that we have to go forward with the story. And I -- he said, "How much?" I said, "Dylan negotiated a price of $30,000." So he said, "Who's gonna pay for it?" So I said, "I'll pay for it. This can be a very big story. I believe it's important that it should be removed from the market.

David Pecker: So we'll acquire the story." And then he said, "Thank you very much." He thanked me. And he said that The Boss would be very pleased.

Joshua Steinglass: Who did you understand "The Boss" to be?

David Pecker: "The Boss" would be Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you -- now, you said earlier that at some point you -- it became clear to you that Michael Cohen had spoken with Donald Trump about the Dino Sajudin story?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us, what makes you say that?

David Pecker: Because there was a second conversation, after that, where he called and said that the story is absolutely not true. He said that the -- Mr. Trump would take a DNA test, that he is German-Irish, and this woman is Hispanic, and it's absolutely impossible. And I told Michael Cohen that that won't be necessary, we'll vet the story.

Joshua Steinglass: So, let me be clear about something. Prior to this arrangement to purchase this story from Dino Sajudin, had you ever paid a source to kill a story about Donald Trump?

David Pecker: No, I did not.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, what was the reason that you were willing to pay for this story at this point?

David Pecker: I had a number of reasons. One, I thought it was very important that Dino wouldn't be shopping the story to other media outlets, and it would get in the marketplace very quickly. That was part one. Part two, I bought the story, if the story was true and I published it, it would be probably the biggest sale of the National Enquirer since the death of Elvis Presley.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have any intention of publishing it at the time you negotiated this deal?

David Pecker: At that time, no.

Joshua Steinglass: What was your intention in terms of publishing it, depending on how your vetting went?

David Pecker: If the story came back true, I would have published the story shortly after it was verified.

Joshua Steinglass: Before or after the election?

David Pecker: I would have published it after the election.

Joshua Steinglass: So, even if the vetting came back that you believed the story to be true, you would have held the story until after the presidential election of 2016?

David Pecker: That was the conversation I had with Michael Cohen, and that's what we agreed to.

Joshua Steinglass: Just to be clear, during the period when this deal was being negotiated, did you ever speak directly with Mr. Trump about the doorman story, or did all conversations go through Michael Cohen at this point?

David Pecker: All my conversations were directly with Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: I think you told us you did, in fact, enter into a contract with the doorman, correct, with Mr. Sajudin?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to display to everyone, since it's in evidence, People's Exhibit 154.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Joshua Steinglass: So, this is Page 1 of People's 154. Do you recognize this document?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: What is this?

David Pecker: This is the Source document with Dino Sajudin.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this an exact copy of the agreement that AMI entered into with Mr. Sajudin regarding the story that the defendant had fathered a child with his housekeeper?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I'm going to blow up the top of it and ask you, when was this agreement dated?

David Pecker: 11-15-2015.

Joshua Steinglass: So, the part at the top, can you read us, pretty much, that whole part that's blown up?

David Pecker: "$30,000 payable upon publication as set forth below."

Joshua Steinglass: That's the payment?

David Pecker: That's the payment.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is the "Source"?

David Pecker: The "Source" is Dino Sajudin.

Joshua Steinglass: You see where it says "Exclusive"?

David Pecker: [No response].

Joshua Steinglass: Below "Payment".

David Pecker: Yes. I see it. I'm sorry. Should I read it?

Joshua Steinglass: If you don't mind. Would you rather me read it? It's long.

David Pecker: "Source shall provide AMI with information regarding Donald Trump's illegitimate child, and any and all documentation, including but not limited to letters and any legal documents and photographs in Source's possession relevant to the Exclusive."

Joshua Steinglass: Can you read the handwritten portion, as well?

David Pecker: "AMI agrees not to" -- I can't read that word.

Joshua Steinglass: "Name"?

David Pecker: Oh. "Name, identify Source in any published articles."

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Is there a date to indicate when that handwritten portion was added?

David Pecker: Also 11-15-2015.

Joshua Steinglass: There's also a heading called "Exclusivity Period", right?

David Pecker: "Exclusivity Period," yes, that's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the exclusivity period at this point?

David Pecker: That was our exclusivity to own the article for the -- it says here for three months, which is the normal process, 90 days, after -- after we published the Exclusive.

Joshua Steinglass: So, in layman's terms, for people who are not in the publishing business, what does this mean?

David Pecker: It means that we hold the article, and it's up to the publisher or -- it's up to the publisher whether they're going to publish the article or not. And in paying the $30,000, you have the full exclusive for it, and you have the choice whether to publish the article or not.

Joshua Steinglass: You retained the ability to decide whether or not to publish this article?

David Pecker: We had the rights to publish it, yes, that's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: But, meanwhile, Mr. Sajudin couldn't take this story anywhere else?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to show you People's 155 in evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to ask you if you know what this document is.

David Pecker: [No response].

Joshua Steinglass: Do you want me to blow up the top?

David Pecker: Yes. It's an Amendment. An Amendment to the Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: So is this, People's 155, an Amendment to the Source Agreement that we just saw as People's 154?

David Pecker: Yes. That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: And when is the Amendment dated?

David Pecker: December 17, 2015.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. You see that at the bottom of the page?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, I'm going to ask that we blow up Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of this Amendment. And I'm going to ask you, how did this Amendment amend the original Agreement? What are the ways in which it amended it? I'm going to ask you to walk us through -- maybe even read Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3.

David Pecker: "Paragraph 1. AMI shall pay Source the payment set forth in the Agreement within five days of the receipt of this Amendment signed by Source." So, we paid him the $30,000 within -- by -- the Agreement, five days from when the Agreement was signed.

Joshua Steinglass: Let me stop you before we move on to the next paragraph. Is it unusual to pay a source before the story is run?

David Pecker: Yes. It is.

Joshua Steinglass: Why did you do that in this case? Why amend the Agreement in this way?

David Pecker: Dylan finished the vetting of the story, and we hired a private investigator. We sent reporters out to where, supposedly, the illegitimate child was. And we discovered that it was absolutely, 1,000 percent untrue.

Joshua Steinglass: So, why are you paying $30,000 for an untrue story?

David Pecker: Because -- because the article says that if the story got out to another publication or another media outlet, it would have been very embarrassing to the campaign.

Joshua Steinglass: So, this was a way to lock it up?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Paragraph 2. How -- can you read that to us and tell us how that modified the original Source Agreement.

David Pecker: "The exclusivity period set forth in the Agreement is extended in perpetuity and shall not expire." Which means that we own this story forever.

Joshua Steinglass: The original Source Agreement, I believe you told us --

David Pecker: Ninety days.

Joshua Steinglass: -- ninety days, and now it's --

David Pecker: Evergreen.

Joshua Steinglass: Forever. Do you mind if I ask you to read that --

David Pecker: Yes. "Source agrees that he shall not disclose the Exclusive or the terms of the Agreement or this Amendment to any third party except as required by law or court order, provided Source gives AMI prompt written notice of such requirement or order so AMI may seek an appropriate protective order or other relief.

David Pecker: In the event Source breaches this provision, Source shall be liable to AMI and shall pay to AMI as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty, the sum of $1 million, which amount represents the result of a reasonable endeavor by AMI to ascertain the fair average compensation for any damages that AMI will sustain as the result of such disclosure, and that the amount of those damages is impracticable to calculate or ascertain with certainty or specificity."

Joshua Steinglass: What does that mean to the --

David Pecker: What it means is that if -- if you don't mind, I'm gonna call him "the doorman". If the doorman went out and tried to -- after receiving the $30,000, went out and tried to sell the story, and that whoever looked at it, they would know before anybody would publish anything that story -- they would also find out the same results that we did, that the story was false.

David Pecker: He would -- "he" being "the doorman" -- would breach this Agreement and owe American Media a million dollars. So, it was, basically, a -- a lever over him to make sure that that wouldn't happen.

Joshua Steinglass: To make sure that he didn't tell his story to someone else?

David Pecker: Someone else. That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: So, you told us, and this makes it clear, that you paid, to use your phrase, "the doorman" $30,000. Is that a typical sum for a source?

David Pecker: No, it's not.

Joshua Steinglass: How is it atypical?

David Pecker: A typical source payment can be anywhere from $250 to $5,000, or, if it's a bigger celebrity, up to $10,000.

Joshua Steinglass: So, why pay so much for this story?

David Pecker: I made the decision to buy the story because of the potential embarrassment it would have to the campaign.

Joshua Steinglass: To the campaign?

David Pecker: And Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: The campaign and Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: Yeah.

Joshua Steinglass: Um, what about the million-dollars liquidated damages, is that a typical sum?

David Pecker: No. It's not.

Joshua Steinglass: Where did that come from?

David Pecker: When I was finalizing this Amendment, I had several conversations with Michael Cohen. And Michael Cohen suggested that the opportunity to put in for liquidated damages and the million-dollar penalty. So, that's why I asked Dylan to include it in this Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: Based on your conversations with Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What about the extending it, that you heard, from 90 days to in perpetuity, whose idea was that?

David Pecker: I think that was done jointly between myself and Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I am now going to display for you People's Exhibit 164 in evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Joshua Steinglass: Page 1.

Emil Bove: Objection. I ask that this be taken down.

Juan Merchan: Please approach. Can you bring the exhibit?

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Joshua Steinglass: I have a hard copy I can show you. This is 164. Is your objection in reference to the polygraph?

Emil Bove: Two issues. One is, there's a reference to the polygraph. When there was testimony about this, I didn't want to jump up and draw attention to it. It was not intentional, I see. We will ask for a limiting instruction tomorrow on this issue. I thought this exhibit, with the specific reference of the polygraph, should be redacted.

Emil Bove: But, in addition -- I don't think this is the one.

Joshua Steinglass: 164, right?

Susan Hoffinger: 164

Emil Bove: This is an email where there are factual assertions being offered for its truth that should not come in through this witness. This is the hearsay.

Joshua Steinglass: This is a perfect example of what I think is a business record.

Note: [Whereupon, the document is shown to the Court.]

Joshua Steinglass: Notwithstanding the fact that it contains reference to non-testifying witnesses, kind of vintage business record.

Juan Merchan: This is exactly what a business record is. I have no problem with it.

Emil Bove: Just so the record is clear --

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Emil Bove: I appreciate you hearing me out on this. We're not disputing it's a business record. We're saying the text of the making factual assertions, that require an independent hearsay exception, and there's not one for these assertions.

Joshua Steinglass: I disagree. And I think Your Honor has acknowledged that. This says "polygraph letter". It doesn't say anything about polygraph result. I think it's fine. If you want, I can redact that.

Juan Merchan: Can you redact the "polygraph" portion of it?

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

Juan Merchan: Other than that, I'll accept it.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Subject to the redaction we discussed, the exhibit can be displayed.

Joshua Steinglass: People's 164. We'll put it back up.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us a little bit about this email, first of all? Well, actually, my first question: Is this an email?

David Pecker: Yes, it's an email.

Joshua Steinglass: The second question is: What is the date of the email?

David Pecker: December 18, 2015.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is it from?

David Pecker: Natasha is a reporter that works for Dylan Howard. And Liz Ruotolo -- sorry about this -- Liz Ruotolo is an accounts payable person at American Media.

Joshua Steinglass: So, it's an email from a reporter to an accounts payable person?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Is Dylan Howard among the people that are cc'd on the email?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Does the email reference attachments?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And are -- if we -- I'm going to scroll to Page 2 and read the attachment in a minute. Here it is.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Joshua Steinglass: Here's Page 2. Is this the attachment that was included with the email?

David Pecker: Yes. That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, going back to Page 1, can you just read us the substance of the email?

David Pecker: It -- it's all the paperwork to send the -- is that --

Joshua Steinglass: We're going to fix this.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

David Pecker: "To send the wire transfer," which is what the email is requesting, "you need all the supporting documentation." So, the supporting documentation would be the invoice which is attached, the Source Agreement, and the copy that has two parts to it, his W9 and I guess whatever agreements that they had.

Joshua Steinglass: Is the W9 a Tax Form?

David Pecker: W9 is a Tax Form, correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this, essentially, directing the person in Accounts Payable to pay Mr. Sajudin as part of the contract that you had entered into with him?

David Pecker: That is correct.

Joshua Steinglass: And Page 2, is that a -- the invoice for the payment here?

David Pecker: Yes. And that would be an invoice that the company internally would have prepared.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Who does it say this attachment is from?

David Pecker: Barry Levine is the East Coast News Director for the National Enquirer. And he sent an invoice -- excuse me -- sent an email to his reporter.

Joshua Steinglass: So, why was the invoice prepared by someone at AMI, even though it was billing AMI?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Joshua Steinglass: Was the invoice prepared by someone at AMI?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: If you know, you can answer.

David Pecker: Our normal -- our sources are single -- are people who don't have any companies. They don't have the availability to create an invoice. So, once we have the Source Agreement prepared -- and to process it through the AMI system, you need an invoice. So, the Source Agreement supports the invoice, what the amount is going to be and who was being paid for.

David Pecker: And then we have the W9 prepared, so the Source will sign it, so we withhold the taxes.

Emil Bove: Objection. Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you read the body of the email or, I guess, the invoice attachment?

David Pecker: "This serves as an invoice for an immediate $30,000 bank transfer payment from AMI to Source Dino Sajudin regarding Trump non-published story."

Joshua Steinglass: Before you move on, what did you understand "Trump non-published story" to be a reference to?

David Pecker: Well, Barry Levine --

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

David Pecker: Barry Levine would know -- knows because he was told that we're not gonna publish any negative stories on Donald Trump. So, he correctly wrote the invoice -- excuse me -- the email to state here that it wasn't going to be published.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And you can keep going. Read the next one.

David Pecker: I'm sorry. "Attached is the paperwork, including the execution of the contract Amendment signed by Mr. Sajudin, as prepared yesterday by Cameron Stracher for this sole purpose of payment."

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Cameron Stracher?

David Pecker: He's the -- he was the General Counsel in American Media.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. So, you told us a minute ago that after you investigated the story, you determined that it was not true.

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you communicate that to Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And can you describe that?

David Pecker: I told Michael Cohen the story was not true. I told him that the doorman is very difficult to deal with. I mentioned to him that he's probably going to try to shop the story to someone else, and that we don't really share any concerns here since the story is not true anyhow, so I would suggest that we release him.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did Michael Cohen react to that?

David Pecker: Michael Cohen said -- first, he didn't understand why I would ever release him. And then I said that -- to have him lock -- to have him in -- to have him locked in to us, it's only gonna cause more problems. So, I suggested that I want -- I'm gonna release him one way or the other other, so -- I'm sorry.

Joshua Steinglass: No. Go ahead.

David Pecker: So, he said, "When?" And I said, "Well, I'd like to release him now." He said, "No. You release him after the election."

Joshua Steinglass: So, Michael Cohen asked you not to release Dino Sajudin from the Source Agreement until after the presidential election?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And just to be clear, Mr. Pecker, did any AMI publications ever print Mr. Sajudin's story?

David Pecker: No, they didn't.

Joshua Steinglass: Did there come a time when you did release the doorman from the Exclusivity Agreement?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm showing you now People's 169 that's in evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Emil Bove: Same objection, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Noted.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you blow it up a little bit, please?

Joshua Steinglass: So, what is this?

David Pecker: [No response].

Joshua Steinglass: Generally speaking.

David Pecker: I just want to say, Sharon Churcher is another reporter that worked for Barry Levine. And Cam is saying here to Dino that he is confirming what Sharon told him, that Dino has the right to go ahead and sell or market the story.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, generally speaking, is this an email from Cameron Stracher, who I believe you told us was the General Counsel?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: To Dino Sajudin?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you understand this email to be informing Mr. Sajudin that he has now been released from the Exclusivity Agreement that you had signed -- that AMI had signed with him?

David Pecker: Yes. That's what he requested for a long period of time.

Joshua Steinglass: When was he released? When was this email sent?

David Pecker: December 9, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: After the presidential election?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know somebody named Karen McDougal?

David Pecker: Yes, I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Who is Karen McDougal?

David Pecker: Karen McDougal was a Playboy model.

Joshua Steinglass: How did you first hear of her?

David Pecker: Dylan came to me in June of -- early June of 2016 and said that he received a call from one of his major sources in California that there's a Playboy model who is trying to sell a story about a relationship that she had with Donald Trump for a year.

Joshua Steinglass: What kind of "relationship"?

David Pecker: Romantic relationship.

Joshua Steinglass: Did he say one way or the other whether it included a sexual relationship?

David Pecker: I'm sorry. I couldn't hear that. I apologize.

Joshua Steinglass: Sorry. Did Dylan Howard -- when you first learned of this story, did Dylan Howard tell you whether or not the story, the relationship that you described that Ms. McDougal was referring to included a sexual component?

David Pecker: Yes, he did.

Joshua Steinglass: Yes, he told you?

David Pecker: He thought that. He didn't know at that time.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, what did you do when you learned about Karen McDougal and her claims regarding Mr. Trump?

David Pecker: I called Michael Cohen, and I told Michael Cohen exactly what Dylan told me about this Playboy model and that she had a relationship. And immediately -- I didn't even finish the conversation when he said, "That's untrue. Absolutely not true." But I -- so I said, "Just wait a second. This is a little different." I said, "I think that we should vet the story out first." So he thought -- Michael Cohen said, "Yes, I think that's a good idea," he said.

David Pecker: I said, "I'm gonna speak to Dylan, and I'll let you know what our next steps are going to be."

Joshua Steinglass: Did you discuss at that point payment for this story?

David Pecker: No, we did not.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you discuss in terms of next steps?

David Pecker: Dylan, when I mentioned to him that I wanted to vet the story out, we should proceed on verifying it, he -- he had a conversation with his source, who is an attorney, who is representing this Playboy model. I did not know the name. I did not know any amounts. That's all that I knew. So I told him to go out to California, interview the model, the Playboy model, and let me know what the details are.

David Pecker: I called back Michael Cohen, and I told him what I was going to do. And I told him that we would keep him apprised after Dylan went out and found out exactly what the details were.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, just to clarify the pronouns, when you said you asked "him" to go out and interview the person, you asked who to go out?

David Pecker: I asked Dylan Howard. I asked Dylan Howard to go.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you tell Michael Cohen that you were doing that?

David Pecker: Yes. I called Michael Cohen, and I told him exactly that.

Joshua Steinglass: Around this time, around how often were you speaking to Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: I was speaking to him, prior to this, probably a couple of times a week. When this subject came up, this issue came up, I spoke to him much more frequently. Almost every day. Sometimes a couple of times a day.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember about when it was that you were having these conversations?

David Pecker: It was -- as I recall, it was the first week of June.

Joshua Steinglass: Which year?

David Pecker: I'm sorry. 2016. 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Did Michael Cohen ask you on occasion to communicate with him through any particular means?

David Pecker: Yes. Michael Cohen said to me that we shouldn't be talking like this over a landline. He said we should use Signal. I didn't really know what Signal was. I never heard of it before. And he said it was an app. He explained to me that it was an encrypted app where nobody could trace it, and that there's no paper trail, and there's nobody that can listen in to the conversations.

David Pecker: And then the conversation, apparently, is destroyed after you have the call. I still to this day don't know if that's true or not.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you agree to use the Signal app to communicate with Michael Cohen from time to time?

David Pecker: I did. And every time I used it, it dropped off after like 30 seconds. But I would call back.

Joshua Steinglass: Did there come a time -- did you ever come to believe that Michael Cohen had spoken with Mr. Trump about Ms. McDougal's claims?

David Pecker: Yes, I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain to the jury how you became to believe that?

David Pecker: I was at my -- I was in New Jersey at my largest -- at my largest investigator in American Media, making a business presentation. And their assistant for their office came in and said, "Donald Trump is on the phone for you." So, I left to pick up the phone to speak to Mr. Trump. And he mentioned to me that -- he said, "I spoke to Michael." He said, I -- "He told me about", uh -- uh -- at that time -- "He told me about" -- he said, "He told me about Karen." And he said to me, "Uh, what do you think?" So, I said that after -- after Dylan Howard interviewed her, she claimed that she had an offer from ABC, Dancing With the Stars, for this -- for her story, and she had -- and there was an offer from a Mexican group for, from what Mr. Trump told me, was $8 million.

David Pecker: And I said, "No. I don't believe there was an offer for $8 million. It's my understanding that she doesn't want her story published. And I think that the story should be purchased. And I believe that you should buy it." And Mr. Trump said to me, he said, "Look, everything" -- he says, "I don't buy any stories." And he said that, "Any time you do anything like this, it always gets out." So I said -- so I said, "I still believe that we should take this story off the market." And he said, "Let me think about it, and I'll have Michael Cohen call you back in a few days."

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I'm going to come back to that conversation that you had with Donald Trump. But, I want to go back to something you said before, which is you said that you dispatched Dylan Howard to go interview Ms. McDougal.

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Where did you dispatch Dylan Howard to go?

David Pecker: He went to Los Angeles. He went to his source, who is this attorney. His name is Keith Davidson. He was representing this Playboy model. And he interviewed -- "he" being -- I'm sorry. Dylan Howard interviewed Karen for two to three hours.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you, personally, attend that meeting?

David Pecker: No, I did not.

Joshua Steinglass: Did Michael Cohen?

David Pecker: No, he did not.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you speak with Michael Cohen during Mr. Howard's interview of Ms. McDougal?

David Pecker: I told Michael that during -- it was a two-week period of time. I told him if I had the date correctly, I think it was June 20th that Dylan was going out to sit down and interview -- and do the interview, and that he would call us when he was there. So, by the time when I first discussed this with Michael Cohen and to the time that Dylan actually went to California, I had multiple calls every single day: "When is he going?", "When is he gonna know?", "Is it done yet?" It was all of these various different questions.

David Pecker: And I said, "Just relax and wait until Dylan has the interview, and I'll call you as soon as I know."

Joshua Steinglass: I keep coming back to your pronouns because I want to make sure I know who you're talking about. Who did you have these multiple calls with? Who kept calling you and asking you about this?

David Pecker: I'm sorry. Michael Cohen kept calling me and asking me.

Joshua Steinglass: You said that the interview that Dylan Howard conducted with Karen McDougal was in Los Angeles on January 20th, is that right?

David Pecker: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you speak with Michael Cohen on that day, during the time that Ms. McDougal was being interviewed by Dylan?

David Pecker: Yes. Michael called me to find out if I heard from Dylan yet. I said, "No." I said, "When I hear from him, I'll set up a call for the three of us, and Dylan can tell you exactly what he's going to tell me."

Joshua Steinglass: How would you describe Michael Cohen's tone during those calls?

David Pecker: Michael was very agitated. It looked like he was getting a lot of pressure to get the answer, like, right away.

Joshua Steinglass: What makes you say that?

David Pecker: He kept on calling, and each time he called, he seemed more anxious.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you understand -- did you have an understanding as to where that pressure to find out more was coming from?

David Pecker: Well, you know, I assumed that he had the conversation with Mr. Trump, and he -- and Mr. Trump was asking Michael Cohen, "Did we hear anything yet?" This is only a theory on my part. I did not speak to Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Not until you were in New Jersey and you got that call?

David Pecker: That's correct.

Juan Merchan: Is this a good time to break?

Joshua Steinglass: I think it's probably a good time to break, yes.

Juan Merchan: All right, jurors. We're going to go ahead and call it a day, as we discussed. Before I excuse you, I remind you not to talk among yourselves or anyone else about anything related to the case. Please keep an open mind. Do not form or express an opinion about the defendant's guilt or innocence until all the evidence is in, I have given you my final instructions on the law, and I have directed you to begin deliberations.

Juan Merchan: Do not accept, request, agree to accept, or discuss with any person receipt or acceptance of any benefit in return for any information concerning the trial. Report to me any incident within your knowledge by any person to improperly influence you or any member of the jury. Do not visit or view any of the locations discussed in the testimony.

Juan Merchan: Do not use any program or electronic device to search for any location heard in the testimony. Do not read, view or listen to any accounts or discussions of the case. Do not attempt to research any fact, issue or law related to the case. Do not communicate with anyone about the case by any means, including by telephone, text messages, email or the internet.

Juan Merchan: And do not Google or otherwise search for any information about the case or the law which applies to the case or the people involved in the case. I'll see you Thursday. Enjoy your break. Take care.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are excused.]

Juan Merchan: You may be seated. Thank you, sir. You may step down.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: Mr. Bove, your objection is noted. I'm certainly going to use today and tomorrow to conduct further research into it. I would ask you, as well, if you could forward anything to me to help guide the Court. And I would ask the People, as well, if you could forward any authority to the Court that would help me.

Emil Bove: Could we have the Court's permission to put in a letter not to exceed two pages on this issue?

Juan Merchan: Sure. That's fine. Can you get it in by the end of the night?

Emil Bove: Yes, sir.

Juan Merchan: Have a good night, everyone.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the case is adjourned to 4-25-24.]