Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-testimony-new-york-business-records-hush-money-may-20-2024

Note: [Editor's note: The following transcript was provided by the New York State Unified Court System, available here: https://cqrc.al/ny-people-v-donald-j-trump. These documents were reprocessed by optical character recognition (OCR), reviewed, formatted and checked for errors by our internal A.I. systems, and reviewed by a human. However, please check against the PDFs before quoting. A searchable PDF incorporating the corrected text can be viewed or downloaded at: https://cqrc.al/trump-ny-trial-2024-05-20 for verification.]

Court Clerk: Calling the People of the State of New York versus Donald J. Trump, Indictment 71543/23. Appearances, please, starting with the People.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADAs Joshua Steinglass, Susan Hoffinger, Becky Mangold, Matthew Colangelo, Christopher Conroy and Katherine Ellis.

Todd Blanche: Todd Blanche, joined by Emil Bove, Susan Necheles, and President Trump seated to my left.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, Counsel. Good morning, Mr. Trump.

Juan Merchan: First, I want to thank you all for working out your schedule so that you could be here at 8:45. As you know, there were a couple of issues that came up over the weekend. I wanted to be able to address them before the jury got here, so they wouldn't have to wait. As a result of some of those issues, which we'll discuss momentarily, and upon further consideration, as you know, it's become apparent that we're not going to be able to sum up tomorrow.

Juan Merchan: The details of the scheduling for the rest of the week will be discussed later. But, right now, it's looking much more like we're going to be finishing up everything that's evidence, testimony, pre-charge conferences this week, so that we can have summations first thing Tuesday, without a break, and then we can have the charge and begin deliberations.

Juan Merchan: It was either have a long break now or have a long break then. And, unfortunately, the calendar is what it is. So, let's begin with the issue that you brought to my attention regarding Defense Exhibits.

Susan Hoffinger: Good morning, your Honor. Initially, Mr. Blanche had provided us 17 exhibits to which we had a number of objections. He has since then pared them back. We have objections now only to two. We just worked out this morning with Mr. Blanche a redaction to one, which had embedded hearsay, which we had an objection to. Now we have just one exhibit we have an objection to, which we believe is hearsay.

Susan Hoffinger: Defense Exhibit B1005. I can hand it up.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is given to the Court.]

Susan Hoffinger: This is entirely hearsay, your Honor. It's a third person reporting in an email about what Mr. Costello said in a meeting. So, certainly, if Mr. Costello testifies, he can testify to the substance of the meeting. But, this is hearsay, and we object.

Juan Merchan: Give me one second to read it.

Note: [Whereupon, the Court reviews the exhibit.]

Todd Blanche: 1005 is an email from Mr. Costello's partner to Mr. Cohen following their initial communications. What Mr. Citron says to Mr. Cohen about what he had talked to Mr. Costello about is they were very pleased with the discussion, I know you have my cell, and that you' re involved on multiple fronts, I'm glad we can help bring you some peace.

Todd Blanche: That is direct impeachment against what Mr. Cohen testified to, both on direct and on cross, on Tuesday and Thursday. He testified that he didn't feel like he clicked with Mr. Costello, they had given him an Engagement Letter, and they were still working things out. We are not offering this for the truth, but it's certainly impeachment we can offer and cross him on it.

Juan Merchan: It would be the truth of the statement you're impeaching him with, right?

Todd Blanche: Well, it depends how he answers it.

Juan Merchan: Well, how he answers it, at that point the cat is out of the bag, the jury heard it. So, how do you get past the hearsay argument?

Todd Blanche: Impeachment evidence, you're allowed to impeach with hearsay evidence. There's nothing wrong with that.

Juan Merchan: Not for the truth. Not for the truth.

Todd Blanche: Well, I'm not offering this email for the truth of the matter asserted. I'm offering it because there, presumably, will be testimony -- unless he says something different today -- that what happened at the meeting is different than what this email suggests. So, if he testifies something different happened than what this email suggests -- it's not to say this email is right.

Juan Merchan: Which meeting are you referring to, specifically?

Todd Blanche: This is the initial meeting, when they first met. There was a couple of phone calls, your Honor, and they met at a hotel with Mr. Cohen, and then there was a follow-up phone call. And so, what this -- what this email is about, apparently, is Mr. Citron's communication with his partner, Mr. Costello, about their views of how the meeting went with Mr. Cohen, which is, potentially, different than what -- not "potentially" -- that's different from what Mr. Cohen testified to last Tuesday and last Thursday.

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, Mr. Citron's opinion of their efforts to provide him with some comfort is not an impeachment of Mr. Cohen's view of how he felt the meeting went and his views about whether he wanted to retain him. Whether it's impeachment or not, this is still hearsay, so it should not be admissible. Again -- this is opinion, also.

Susan Hoffinger: This is a lawyer's opinion, pitching a client, saying: We would like to give you some comfort, allow me to give you some comfort. This doesn't disclose what's in Michael Cohen's mind and how he felt about the meeting and how he felt about retaining or not retaining the firm.

Todd Blanche: It's to Mr. Cohen. This isn't an email amongst partners talking about something. This is an email to Mr. Cohen.

Juan Merchan: Expressing Mr. Citron's opinion.

Todd Blanche: To Mr. Cohen. There's a lot of emails admitted, including by the People directly, of views of the person.

Juan Merchan: There's another layer of hearsay here. It wasn't sent by Mr. Citron. It was sent by Diana Porcello on behalf of Mr.. Citron. There's another layer of hearsay. At this point, at this moment, I'm not going to allow it in. It expresses the opinion, arguably, of Mr. Citron or Mr. Costello. It doesn't express the opinion of Mr. Cohen.

Juan Merchan: I don't think you can impeach him on this.

Todd Blanche: The People offered several exhibits that were emails to Mr. Cohen like this one that expressed some sort of opinion by the author, right. Meaning, the author is saying to Mr. Cohen: We met, or, here's what I did after what you directed me to do. Those all come in. of course, whether those are the truth depends on -- whether Mr. Cohen believes that's a truthful statement depends on his answer or on what he wrote in response to such an email, potentially, right.

Todd Blanche: The fact that there isn't a response to this email and the fact that he will be allowed to say whether this is true or not is consistent with the other emails that have already been admitted around this relationship.

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, I just don't see it. In other words, he's going to opine on whether they had a view as a firm, whether they could pitch work for him where they say: I'm glad we can give you some comfort. They may have been on different playing fields on how they felt about the meeting. The exhibits admitted were admitted, and they were on Mr. Cohen's state of mind on why he made decisions on how to act for a period of time and, including, why he did not tell the truth for a period of time, including to Mr. Costello.

Juan Merchan: I don't see any probative value for impeachment purposes here at all. Nowhere in this email does it express Mr. Cohen's state of mind. You can certainly ask him some follow-up questions if you like. Right now, this is double hearsay, and it's not Mr. Cohen's state of mind. So, I'm not going to allow it. Please hand this back down.

Todd Blanche: Assuming it's okay with the Court, I'll show him the email and ask him a series of questions and, depending on his answers, potentially, offer it at that point.

Juan Merchan: What kind of questions would you ask him?

Todd Blanche: For example, confirm he didn't respond to this email, and, arguably, it would be an admission by silence. There's dozens and dozens of emails back and forth amongst Mr. Cohen and Mr. Costello and Mr. Citron over a two or three-month period. So, him receiving this email, testifying last week that this wasn't his impression, the jury has a right to see how he reacted to him being told at the time about what the lawyers' impression was of the meeting.

Susan Hoffinger: I would object. They shouldn't be able to show him this. Again, this is a third person's opinion --

Juan Merchan: So, once you start asking the witness these questions out of the presence of the jury, the jury doesn't see the email, right. So, now, they're all sitting there, wondering what is going on, what are you talking about. They won't understand that testimony. It's going to be confusing. So, I'm not going to allow it. I'm prepared to rule on the expert witness issue.

Juan Merchan: But, is there anything else that either side wants to take up?

Joshua Steinglass: Judge, I don't know if you want to do this now or at another time. There's a couple of additional points that we want to raise about the charge, but we can wait until we have the pre-charge conference if that's preferable. They're minor points.

Juan Merchan: Actually, let me go through this first, and then we'll decide if we can take that up. On Thursday, May 16th, the Defense made an application to this Court regarding the scope of permissible testimony from their expert, Brad Smith, who the Defense intends to call to testify regarding Campaign Finance Law. Defendant pointed to this Court's decisions on Motions in Limine and, in particular, to this Court's ruling that the expert could testify as to general definitions and terms that relate directly to the case, such as, for example: campaign contribution, relative individual campaign contribution limits, expenditure, and coordinated expenditure.

Juan Merchan: Defendant specifically requested permission to elicit testimony from Mr. Smith about the three separate terms. First, the term, "For the purpose of influencing an election for Federal office." As I understand it, in order to define this term, the expert would rely upon legal precedent, including the Supreme Court's decision in Buckley and the D.C. Circuit's decision in Orloski.

Juan Merchan: The second term is the, "Irrespective Rule." Here, the Defendant would like to elicit, among other things, testimony regarding the Federal Register Provision that discusses the FEC. They would also like to rely upon agency advisory opinions and agency adjudications. I won't go into the "Press Exemption" here because you both submitted your exceptions as to that.

Juan Merchan: Ordinarily, expert testimony is permissible to assist the jury in understanding topics that are beyond the ken of the average juror. For example, DNA evidence, blood splatter evidence, and countless other fields. But, an expert is not permitted to present or interpret the law. However, it seems to this Court that it will be impossible for Mr. Smith to testify about these three subjects without invoking, discussing and interpreting the application of Federal Law in the form of legal precedent, advisory opinions, agency adjudications, and even the purpose and intent behind the creation of some of these rules.

Juan Merchan: In his argument on Thursday, Mr. Bove offered that Mr. Smith would only testify as to very basic matters and, at a bare minimum. See Thursday's transcript on Page 238. However, it is difficult to reconcile how an expert would testify to the very basic topics and, yet, have to rely on Supreme Court decisions, other legal precedent, advisory opinions, agency adjudications, and even the Federal Register to explain how and why the provisions were developed.

Juan Merchan: Clearly, this would virtually all fall under the umbrella of legal opinion. If Mr. Smith is permitted to testify to these subjects, the People would have to be given an opportunity to offer an expert to testify as to these same legal principles, as well. The jury would then hear my instructions on the law, as well as the instructions from two others.

Juan Merchan: As Mr. Colangelo pointed out on Thursday, the jury would hear legal instructions from three different people: the Defense expert, the People's expert, and the Court. As Mr. Bove alluded to last week, there is no question this would result in a battle of the experts, which will only serve to confuse and not assist the jury.

Juan Merchan: Indeed, Mr. Smith has been precluded from testifying about similar matters in the Southern District of New York by Federal District Court Judge Lewis Kaplan in the matter of United States v. Bankman-Fried. There, Judge Kaplan found the testimony was improper precisely because it sought to instruct the jury on matters of law.

Juan Merchan: Likewise, Mr. Smith was precluded from testifying about similar subjects in United States v. Suarez in the Northern District of Ohio. In Suarez, the Court ruled that the proposed testimony was irrelevant because, quote: Whether the law is commonly misunderstood does not weigh on whether the defendant in this case intended to violate Campaign Finance Laws.

Juan Merchan: The same holds true here. The fact that both parties have submitted proposed jury instructions does not change this Court's prior rulings on the Omnibus Motions and the Motions in Limine and does not in itself make relevant what is not relevant. The proposed jury instructions are just that: proposals. The Court will hear argument, consider the submissions, and then decide whether to accept one version, or the other, or a combination of both, or possibly neither.

Juan Merchan: The Court may craft its own instructions or decide that no instruction is necessary at all. Therefore, I again invite you to submit proposed jury instructions regarding the "Irrespective Rule" and "For the purpose of influencing an election for Federal office". I believe you both already submitted proposals for the "Press Exemption" Having said that, that does not, necessarily, mean I will use either one or the other.

Juan Merchan: I may not instruct the jury on either one of those rules. As far as what the expert can testify to, I direct you back to Page 3 of my decision. He can testify as to what the FEC is, its purpose, background as to who makes up the FEC, what laws, if any, the FEC are responsible for enforcing, and general definitions and terms related directly to this case, such as "contribution", "expenditure", and "independent expenditure". By "general definitions", I mean just that.

Juan Merchan: Where the FEC has defined a general term, the expert can refer to that definition, but he cannot interpret it. I also do not want the expert to delve into defining words or phrases contained within a word or phrase he is already defining. In other words, no sub-phrases or sub-definitions. I invite both sides to come to the charge conference prepared to argue these issues, and I also invite you to submit written proposals in advance of the charge conference.

Juan Merchan: Any questions about that?

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge. Thank you. And we appreciate the guidance. I think the challenge for us is, is that the phrases that your Honor referred to, "For the purpose of influencing an election" and the regulatory phrase that we all described as the "Irrespective Rule", those are just absolutely critical to the jury understanding the Government's allegations in this case.

Emil Bove: And so, coming into the trial, our plan and our hope, based on your Honor's ruling, was that we would give the jury guidance on those issues through Mr. Smith, on the understanding -- on the understanding, your Honor, that in The Trump Organization trial you had not instructed the jury down to the level of a 175.10 predicate and, also, on the understanding that in pretrial motion practice, I think under People v. Mackey, if I remember correctly, the Government had taken the same position.

Emil Bove: So, that was our strategy coming into the trial, understanding that there is some tension in that strategy, with us needing the jury to understand what those terms mean, but also the traditional role of the Court in telling the jury what legal terms mean. I do think things changed a little bit when both sides proposed additional instructions on FECA. To be clear, our instructions we submitted last week do include instructions related to the terms at issue, "For the purpose of influencing a Federal election" and "Irrespective Rule", especially because the "influencing" conduct is part of the texts of "contribution" and "expenditure", as the Court knows.

Emil Bove: The tough spot that we're in right now, I think, is that your Honor has not indicated a firm intention to instruct the jury on FECA. And so, we're in a place where we're -- we understand the Court's ruling. You have our position. We're restricted in what Mr. Smith could say. And, frankly, Mr. Smith reading the texts of those statutory definitions is not going to help the jury grapple with the issues that these charges present and that the Government, from their new theory of this case, presents.

Emil Bove: I know it's not the best position, for a lawyer to be asking questions to the Court. It usually goes in the other direction. I understand that. But, we are trying to make decisions about our defense, how to present it. It impacts closings and the charge conference. I am wondering if you are willing to give us any sense on the way you're leaning, if you're going to instruct the jury on the FECA issues.

Emil Bove: If that's the case, that would be helpful for us to understand, because, obviously, we would come to the pre-charge conference, both sides, armed up with authorities and the authorities they cited. From our cite, they would sound like whatever in our best world Mr. Smith would say to the jury. And we would, ultimately, resolve that at the charge conference.

Emil Bove: The issue for us, what would be helpful in terms of clarity is anything you can give us is the Court's intention on instructing the jury on these issues. I think it's undisputed among the parties that it's appropriate the way the Government constructed the predicate and the underlying activity.

Juan Merchan: I think at this point, beyond -- as you already referred to the way I instructed the jury in the People v. The Trump Organization, I can tell you, when it comes to these types of matters, I often think that less is better. I think that is -- you must remember, the People are not required to prove these offenses beyond a reasonable doubt, therefore, that reduces the need or the burden to define every term and every phrase.

Juan Merchan: The problem that you have, as I see it, is that your client can't testify to these definitions without invoking the law. You haven't told me that he can. If you were to tell me that he can take the stand and, without relying on legal precedent or advisory opinions or how these matters have been interpreted, how the law has been interpreted, he might be able to take the stand and do that.

Juan Merchan: But he can't. Not the way I see it right now.

Emil Bove: Sensing the signals you gave us on Thursday, in working with Mr. Smith this weekend, I was pretty clear with him: We' re not talking through Buckley v. Valeo. We're not going to talk to this jury about Orloski. This was my idea working with him last night: What we want is for you to explain to the jury what these terms mean, and we won't get into the bases of your review.

Emil Bove: He's a former Commissioner of the FEC. He has an authoritative view on what these things mean. Is that based on interpretations of the law? Yeah. He's a lawyer. That makes sense on the basis for it. We were not going to get into the details based on the Valeo and Orloski arguments on Thursday. That's one issue.

Emil Bove: I want to clarify. If there were no restrictions, what we would do, ideally, when we're presenting our defense case, is I would ask a series of questions: What does expenditure mean? What does contribution mean? The terms your Honor outlined. And then, multiple times in that testimony he will include in that definition, "For the purpose of influencing the election." And then I would elicit: What does that term mean?

Emil Bove: And he would explain his answer as an expert, offering an opinion about what the term means. And he would not say: My understanding is based on this and that and this, and then it would be the Government's --

Juan Merchan: You're offering him as an expert.

Emil Bove: Right.

Juan Merchan: A lawyer, an expert in this field. Therefore, he doesn't have to say he relied on a Supreme Court decision. He's still presenting the law with the authority of a legal expert.

Emil Bove: I understand that. So -- so -- I completely understand that point. I do think, though, that we're still in a very tricky situation, because the way the Government has structured these business records charges -- I understand we're not going to have a pre-charge conference now. But, there's one point that I want to make.

Emil Bove: This is a fundamentally different charging structure than what happened at the prior trial. At the prior trial, I think the predicates were really substantive charges, and the jury got a sense of that.

Juan Merchan: Forgive me for interrupting you. How they structured it in their proposal at this moment carries no weight. The Court could very well decide I agree with you a hundred percent, that the way that they presented it is not appropriate. I'm not sure that I agree with you that there's a change in theory. But, I do see what you're talking about when you re talking as to structure in their proposed charges.

Emil Bove: My point is, what makes this case different, then, is that the predicate for the 175.10 charge, this New York Election Law conspiracy, that conspiracy to influence the election, to promote a candidate, the statutory language is: "only unlawful if there is unlawful activity."" And so, otherwise, it's just an agreement to try to win an election.

Emil Bove: That's why I think that statute has not been applied very many times. There is a -- the charges in this case require a showing of a predicate, and then for that, on the Government's theory today, as of the proposed instructions, there is a -- there has to be a predicate of the predicate.

Juan Merchan: All right. Just to clarify, when you refer to being in a difficult position, I want to be clear, the Court has not changed its position from day one. My decision on the Omnibus Decision remains the same. My decisions on the Motions in Limine remains the same. I offered guidance in those motions. And, therefore, you've known for months -- this is not new -- you've known for months what my position would be. If you had concerns about these specific topics and you wanted an earlier ruling, you could have come to me -- just relax.

Juan Merchan: You could have come to me for an earlier ruling some time ago. But you didn't. And now, you've waited until the People are basically done with their direct case, their case in chief. You re asking me for further guidance, but that's precisely why we have a pre-charge conference, so that you know exactly what you can use on summations.

Juan Merchan: It would be inappropriate for me to tell you right now what my charge is going to be without hearing from both sides what the recommendations are.

Emil Bove: I understand, Judge. What has changed, the reason that we didn't come to you, say, at the February hearing on this is because at that point in the Government's theory of the case, FECA was still a 175.10 predicate on our understanding. I think that's the way that your Honor described it in the Omnibus rulings.

Emil Bove: From what -- from our perspective -- I understand what you're saying. From our perspective, what is new is FECA is now buried under the New York Election Law predicate. What makes that difficult, we submit, is that the Government has to establish there was intent -- intent to defraud and intent to conceal a crime.

Emil Bove: That New York Election Law charge is only a crime if people who were part of that conspiracy, there was an agreement, and it had to be to violate the law. So, there is no 175.10 predicate -- this is our argument -- unless there's a FECA violation or -- I know about the tax and the business records charge.

Emil Bove: We'll talk about that at the charge conference and when we talk about the sufficiency of the Government's case. But, the way it's structured now -- we did, respectfully, learn about that when the People submitted their instructions. So, it was recent, in fairness to us.

Juan Merchan: Again, it's just a proposed instruction. That's all it is.

Emil Bove: I can't imagine your Honor is going to put to the jury a theory that's different than the one the People are explaining of the case. That's all I mean.

Juan Merchan: I can tell you that I'm going to be consistent with my earlier rulings. If you recall, the People initially had four theories. I ruled that they could not use one of those four theories, and there were three theories left. To the extent it's your opinion -- and I think there's some merit to your argument -- that it appears there might not be one theory and that the others are being kind of inserted to that one theory, I can tell you, the Court has taken note of that.

Emil Bove: So, the only point I'm making -- this is a very long windup. I'm sorry. We appreciate you being here.

Juan Merchan: It's all right.

Emil Bove: From our perspective, the way -- however your Honor is going to treat the Government's proposal, the way the Government's proposal is structured adds significance for the need for this jury to understand what FECA obligated people to do and did not obligate people to do. We're not seeking to offer testimony from Mr. Smith like the testimony from Suarez you referenced, that the law is confused and -- that's not what we want to do. Fundamentally, our issue and our concern right now is that these two -- it's the phrases at issue, For "the purpose of influencing election"

Juan Merchan: Why don't we do this. I'd like to give them a chance, as well. Give me an offer of proof what he would say. Tell me what he would say in response to those questions, and I'd be in a better position to determine whether it's an appropriate response or not. Let me hear from the People.

Matthew Colangelo: Three quick points. First, to respond to the argument that any aspect of the People's Election Law violation theory is new, we briefed this quite explicitly in Opposition to the Defendant's Omnibus Motion, which we filed November 9th of last year. In that Opposition, I'm looking at Page 25, we identified violations of FECA as among the unlawful means -- that's a part of the Election Law violation.

Matthew Colangelo: We specifically said: The evidence is sufficient to support the conclusion that Defendant and others conspired to promote the election of any person to a public office by entering into the scheme, specifically for the purpose of influencing the 2016 presidential election, and that they did so by unlawful means, including by violating FECA through the unlawful, individual and corporate contributions by Cohen, Pecker and AMI, and by falsifying the records of other New York enterprises, and mischaracterizing the nature of their payment for tax purposes.

Matthew Colangelo: So, dating back at least six months, we have been clear to the Defense and to the Court that the Election Law object crime relied for its unlawful meanings theory, the unlawful FECA violations, unlawful false filings of business records, and tax violations. So, there's nothing new at all about the unlawful means argument in our Election Law theory.

Matthew Colangelo: The second point I would make, as the Court has just said, the Judge should and will charge on appropriate legal definitions in the charge conference, and the Defense is not entitled to have an expert front-end that process. I think, in some ways, what Mr. Bove just said, asking your Honor for a preview of what you will do in the charge conference, is to say: If your Honor is not inclined to include those definitions, that's why they need the expert to testify.

Matthew Colangelo: That's a back-door way around what your Honor ultimately decides as to what is an appropriate legal instruction. We agree with Your Honor's conclusion this morning that the Court should review the legal submissions, hear arguments at a pre-charge conference, and then decide what the charge should be. Obviously, we're interested in hearing any other offer of proof, as well.

Matthew Colangelo: I think Mr. Bove just said: Precisely because Mr. Smith is a lawyer and a law professor and a former Commissioner of the FEC, his entire experience in understanding how these terms apply is based on interpretation. I think the transcript will show Mr. Bove just said his understanding of how these terms are defined is based on interpretation.

Matthew Colangelo: So, it's very hard to see how -- beyond the barest definition included in the text alone, with nothing more, it's hard to see how any testimony here could proceed within the appropriate boundaries the Court has set and could proceed within those boundaries without inviting responsive testimony for the battle of the experts the Court is concerned about.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: That's my ruling on this. Is there anything else we need to go over?

Todd Blanche: If we can approach, briefly?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Whereupon, the parties approach sidebar.]

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were preceded by a sealed discussion at sidebar.]

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings are held at sidebar.]

Todd Blanche: So, as it stands right now, we have, potentially, Mr. Smith, potentially, Mr. Costello, and then our paralegal to put in one phone chart, which is very quick. We, obviously, need to think about Mr. Smith. Honestly, we're going to think about Mr. Costello, depending how this morning goes. There's still a lot up in the air.

Todd Blanche: That's where we're at.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Do you think this changes things at all as far as the scheduling, or are we still on the same track?

Todd Blanche: I'll let everybody speak. I think the problems you identified yesterday remain, no matter who testifies or who does not testify today, because even if we're finished and everybody rests by the afternoon today, we're still on a tight schedule to have a full charge conference with complicated issues, have your Honor make a decision, tell us what the decision is going to be, sum up tomorrow -- I don't need to restate the same things -- spill over to Thursday.

Todd Blanche: You may charge Laurie Eisenberg, CSR, RPR Senior Court Reporter them or maybe not.

Juan Merchan: Just SO you know, I was just handed a note, telling me that the alternate who had to leave by one o'clock on Thursday has canceled his appointment, so we no longer have to stop at one o'clock on Thursday. I don't know that that really changes much, because in the back of my mind, one of the options was just to continue without him, anyway.

Juan Merchan: I don't think that changes much. Look. You've all worked really hard on this case, well before we stepped foot in this courtroom. I don't think that we should rush through the jury charges and the pre-charge conference. We want to get this right. We all want to get it right. I want to hear your arguments.

Juan Merchan: I want to be able to research it. I want to give you the proposed charges with as much notice as possible SO you can prepare your summations. Believe me, I would hate to be down from today until next Tuesday. I've never done that. But, I think that's what's in the best interest of the case.

Joshua Steinglass: Can I ask a quick question -- of course, we're fine with that. Obviously, we all want to get it right. I agree with that. Are you thinking about the charge conference tomorrow, or are you thinking about the charge conference this afternoon? Does it depend on when the testimony ends?

Juan Merchan: It depends. If the testimony ends sometime today, I think we can have the charge conference tomorrow afternoon, so we can all prepare for it. I think I definitely want to have it before Thursday.

Joshua Steinglass: I totally agree. Tomorrow, at the latest, would be perfect.

Juan Merchan: We'll shoot for tomorrow afternoon.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were preceded by a sealed discussion at sidebar.]

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Let's take a short ten-minute break. We'll start up around 9:30.

Note: [Whereupon, a recess is taken.]

Court Clerk: Remain seated. Come to order. Part 59 is back in session.

Juan Merchan: Going back to my request that you submit the proposals, what I would like is for one side or the other to draft a proposal as to each one of these theories, give it to the other side. Then I can get redline version of it and see where you differ. Because, the safer course may be, at the end of the day, to keep things as simple as possible for the jury.

Juan Merchan: And, if the two sides can agree on the definitions of these terms, that's all the better. You decide who wants to draft it and who wants to do the redline. You can send it to me.

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the witness, please. Laurie Eisenberg, CSR, RPR Senior Court Reporter

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, Michael D. Cohen, having been previously duly sworn and/or affirmed, resumes the witness stand and testifies as follows.]

Juan Merchan: Good morning, Mr. Cohen. Welcome back. I remind you, you're still under oath.

Michael Cohen: Good morning, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury, please.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are present and properly seated.]

Court Clerk: Do all parties stipulate that all jurors are present and properly seated?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Emil Bove: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Good morning, jurors. Welcome back. Counsel, you may inquire.

Todd Blanche: May I?

Note: [Continued cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Good morning, Mr. Cohen.

Michael Cohen: Good morning. So, we ended last Thursday. Since that time until right now, how many reporters have you talked to about what happened last week?

Michael Cohen: I didn't speak to reporters about what happened last week.

Todd Blanche: You didn't speak to a single reporter about what happened last week?

Michael Cohen: I have spoken to reporters who just called to say hello, to see how I'm doing, to check in. But I did not talk about this case.

Todd Blanche: So, the reporters you spoke with just greeted you and asked how you were doing, didn't speak at all about your testimony last week?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, you -- prior to your testimony -- let's focus on 2024. So, just since the beginning of this year, you talked to reporters pretty extensively about this case, correct?

Michael Cohen: I have, yes.

Todd Blanche: Again, just focus on this year. Did you -- how many times did you meet with the Prosecutors of this case, again, just this year, in 2024?

Michael Cohen: More than a dozen.

Todd Blanche: More than a dozen. Like, more than 12, but -- 20 times?

Michael Cohen: It's possible, yes.

Todd Blanche: Well -- and I'm not looking for an exact number, but is it closer to 20 or closer to 12?

Michael Cohen: Probably closer to 20. Were those meetings all more than an hour?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Were some of them more than two hours?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. When is the most recent time you met with them?

Michael Cohen: Approximately ten days ago.

Todd Blanche: So, you testified on Monday -- you started to testify on Monday of last week. Was it over the prior weekend?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: When you met with the Prosecutors -- again, just focused on this year, 2024 -- they asked you questions similar to what they asked you last Monday or Tuesday, right?

Michael Cohen: They asked me questions, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Right. But, that wasn't my question to you. They asked you questions similar to the questions they asked you on the stand on Monday and Tuesday of last week, correct?

Michael Cohen: The same topics, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, the topic you testified to hasn't changed in your prep with them for a long time, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, my question is different than the way you're answering. When they asked you questions last Monday and Tuesday, okay, when Ms. Hoffinger asked you questions, you had heard those questions from her before, during prep, correct?

Michael Cohen: Some of them. Not all of them.

Todd Blanche: What's a question you were asked last week that you were hearing for the first time?

Michael Cohen: [Shakes head.] I can't tell you. There were many questions that I have not heard before.

Todd Blanche: So, you heard many questions last Monday or Tuesday that you were hearing for the very first time?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How about documents? The documents that you were shown by the People last Monday and Tuesday and the emails and text messages and the records and the invoices, you had reviewed those in prep with the People, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And there were some emails and documents, I assume, that you were shown in prep that you were not shown last week, meaning you went over them in prep, but they, ultimately, weren't shown to you by the People last week, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct. The prep you're talking about for this trial -- maybe not to the same extent -- but, any time you would testify under oath, you would prep for it, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct, sir. Maybe not more than 20 times. Any time you prep to be under oath, you meet with your lawyer and other people, and you prep, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: That includes when you testify before Congress?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir

Todd Blanche: Do you know someone named Dan Goldman?

Michael Cohen: I know Dan Goldman, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Who is Dan Goldman?

Michael Cohen: Dan Goldman is a member, now, of Congress.

Todd Blanche: He's met with you in prep for certain testimony, as well?

Michael Cohen: Congressional testimony, yes.

Todd Blanche: Which Congressional testimony was that?

Michael Cohen: House Oversight Committee.

Todd Blanche: So, that was the one in February of 2019, is that right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How many times did you meet with him?

Michael Cohen: I believe, twice. You know he's a former Federal Prosecutor, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: During the testimony you gave in February of 2019, that's one of the times when you lied, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, I'm gonna start, briefly, with the time in October of 2016, okay. So, we're going back to the few weeks leading up to when you put money in and then paid the NDA with Ms. Daniels, okay. So, early October until October 26th, okay. You said last week, correct me if I'm wrong, that there was significant urgency to the Daniels situation at that time, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that issue, the Ms. Daniels issue was taking a lot of your time, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And when you spoke with President Trump during that time, you testified last week that many of the times you spoke with him, it was about that issue, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. Whether it was on the phone or in person, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But, you' 11 agree with me, right, that you had a lot going on, both in your personal life and with President Trump, in those first few weeks of October, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall dealing with a meaningful issue with respect to your taxi medallion business and whether you should invest or restructure loans? Do you remember doing that at the time?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You were doing that with Mr. Freidman? He was, possibly, part of that deal?

Michael Cohen: No, sir. That's incorrect.

Todd Blanche: We'll come back to that. You were also dealing with a loan -- I think it was a loan -- correct me if I'm wrong -- on one of your investment properties that you have with your brother, is that right?

Michael Cohen: I had an investment property with my brother, but there was no loan. I believe it was a sale.

Todd Blanche: Well, do you recall in the October timeframe working on -- working with a lawyer to close a deal that generated $7 million, that ultimately closed at the end of October of 2016?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. As I said, it was a sale.

Todd Blanche: And that was with your brother?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, you also were working -- you testified last week about your work for the National Diversity Coalition for President Trump. There was a fair amount of work going on in October with respect to that, as well, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall, right around October 26th and the week before, getting an endorsement from a family member of Dr. King?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that was very important, for sure, right?

Michael Cohen: It was very important.

Todd Blanche: Do you also recall working pretty closely in that time period, early October to October 26th, with Mr. Pecker, but not on anything to do with what you testified about, with a separate litigation involving iPayment?

Michael Cohen: I do. Yes. In that case, a lawyer named Marc Kasowitz was involved, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And another lawyer that you knew was involved, as well, right?

Michael Cohen: [Shakes head.] I don't --

Todd Blanche: You don't recall?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: We'll come back to it. What about, do you remember, at that same time period leading right up to the 26th, helping one of President Trump's sons -- daughters, Tiffany Trump, with a potential extortion of photographs, do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: That was leading up -- right up to the 25th and the 26th of October, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. In connection with that issue, do you remember having a conversation with Mr. Pecker about that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And a conversation with the General Counsel of AMI about that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then, we talked about the issue with the harassing phone calls last week, right. That also happened in that time period, leading up to the 26th, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, I started talking about the taxi medallion issue. Do you know somebody named John Lydon? L-Y-D-O-N.

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Who is that?

Michael Cohen: He is a mortgage broker, bond broker out of Florida.

Todd Blanche: Was that the person that you were working on a potential deal with in the first few weeks of October of 2016?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: What's the name of his company?

Michael Cohen: Resolution Consultants.

Todd Blanche: So, his Florida entity that he runs his business out of is called the same thing that you called your LLC when you opened it up in early October?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: That was right when you were talking to him about, potentially -- about a deal with respect to some loans around some of the medallions that you had investment in, or they were your medallions?

Michael Cohen: No, sir. I spoke to Mr.. Lydon about I had a mortgage on a property, and I was looking to sell that mortgage to him.

Todd Blanche: Using Mr. Lydon?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. It didn't have to do with medallions. It had to do with a piece of real estate --

Todd Blanche: Go ahead.

Michael Cohen: -- in Florida that I had a first-position lien on.

Todd Blanche: You're sure that the deal didn't have something to do with the New York City medallion portfolio, an overview of the portfolio as of August 31, 2016?

Michael Cohen: No. I believe Mr. Lydon had to do with a mortgage that I had on a piece of real estate in Florida.

Todd Blanche: So, if I can show you what's been marked for identification, just for you and for the parties and the Court, B130.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens of the witness and the parties.]

Todd Blanche: If we can focus on September 28th of 2016.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness reviews the exhibit on his screen.]

Todd Blanche: Do you see that text message from someone named Kerry?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: That's Mr. Lydon's wife?

Michael Cohen: I believe so, yes.

Todd Blanche: Do you have any doubt?

Michael Cohen: I do not.

Todd Blanche: So, you see that communication from her, saying, "The New York City medallion portfolio overview as of 8/31," and then there's an attachment, a spreadsheet?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: We can take that down.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall receiving a text a few days later from John, from Kerry's husband, saying that he wanted to talk to you about that over the weekend?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then you -- we don't have to go through every communication. You had multiple communications around that issue into October, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you talked to him on the phone about it, as well?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. If we can put up just for you and the parties and the Court B132, which is an October 13th email.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens of the witness and the parties.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at that, and see if you remember that and that it was a medallion acquisition proposal that you were discussing.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness reviews the exhibit on his screen.]

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then, do you recall your conversations with Mr. Lydon, again, during that time period in early October 2016, he was asking you to find somebody to help invest with you, to find a client who has the funds to invest with you, do you recall that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And the client was Mr. Freidman, right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, let's take a look, if we can -- well, let's step back for a minute. You were contacting -- communicating with Mr. Freidman regularly during that time, as well, right?

Michael Cohen: He was the medallion operator for medallions, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, it's fair to say you were, obviously, communicating with him a lot, is that fair?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: If you can now take a look at what's been marked for identification as B133.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens of the witness and the parties.]

Todd Blanche: This is part of the deal that you were working on with Mr. Lydon involving Resolution Consultants. I highlighted some of those at the top. Those are all medallion loans that were part of your relationship with Mr.. Freidman, right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: No?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: What were they part of?

Michael Cohen: I don't know. I was never partners with Mr. Freidman. What do you mean by that?

Michael Cohen: Mr. Freidman was a licensed New York City medallion agent, and he was running my medallions, both in New York as well as some in Chicago.

Todd Blanche: So, the spreadsheet that Mr. Lydon sent to you that went to October, that doesn't refresh your recollection whether Mr. Freidman was part of that deal?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: You can take that down.

Todd Blanche: We can show you B144, which is an October 14th email.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens of the witness and the parties.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at that. Take your time reading it, and see if that refreshes your recollection about whether Mr. Freidman was part of that deal.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, Judge, just as to characterizing the testimony.

Juan Merchan: Let's see if it refreshes his recollection.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness reviews the exhibit on his screen.]

Michael Cohen: Sir

Todd Blanche: You can take that down.

Todd Blanche: Does that refresh your recollection about who is the funder that you were interested in getting for that deal?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, do you recall right after receiving that email, you called Mr. Freidman regularly on that day?

Michael Cohen: I spoke -- yes, I spoke to Mr. Freidman.

Todd Blanche: Now, during that time period, do you recall any issues with Mr. Freidman because of his financial situation?

Michael Cohen: Because of the entire taxi industry financial situation.

Todd Blanche: Well, I'm not -- I'm not talking about the entire industry. I'm asking you whether you were having issues with Mr. Freidman paying you during that time period?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Checks were bouncing?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You were having a hard time getting checks from him?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And there was a ton of communication about that at that time, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall whether he was also going through something personal during that time?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: What was he going through?

Michael Cohen: Marital problems. Did you, in that time period, help him with respect to his marital problems?

Michael Cohen: I tried.

Todd Blanche: What did you try to do?

Michael Cohen: I tried to assist in bringing them back together, as well as talking to him about potential lawyers.

Todd Blanche: Did you help him find a place to live?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Was that

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, I'm going to object at this point.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: I understand we're going into some areas that he was busy in October. But, to go into some other person's personal marital issues and whether he assisted him, I don't see how that's relevant.

Juan Merchan: Where are you going with this, Mr. Blanche?

Todd Blanche: Mr. Cohen, in October, was dealing with a tremendous number of issues, including Mr. Freidman, who, the Court will recall, very quickly after that gets into a lot of legal trouble coming out of his financial problems. During this time, there is a series of communications we're about to talk to him about, where he's working to get an apartment for him in one of Ivanka Trump's apartments.

Todd Blanche: That's all. Two questions.

Juan Merchan: Do you have to bring up Mr. Freidman's financial troubles? How does that factor into Mr. Freidman's financial troubles?

Todd Blanche: Because he, eventually, cooperates and testifies against him in the Southern District of New York.

Susan Hoffinger: So what? Are you suggesting Mr. Cohen can't do more than one thing at a time as a lawyer for a company?

Juan Merchan: Keep it to three more questions about him being busy.

Todd Blanche: All right.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg is relieved by Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Continued cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: So, you helped him find an attorney, is that correct?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Todd Blanche: And is that all during that same time period, meaning the first few weeks of October, meaning around and up until October 26th and maybe a little bit after, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Did you have -- the Resolution Consultants deal that you were working on, did that deal ever close?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, when you opened Resolution Consultants in early October, your testimony is that you opened this because of the -- you needed to find an LLC for the Karen McDougal payment and for all of the materials that AMI had on President Trump, the company wasn't because you were considering doing this deal with the Resolution Consultants in Florida?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, I want to talk for a few minutes about the iPayments litigation. What do you recall about that litigation?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall the specifics of it.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember an individual named Michael Sirota?

Michael Cohen: Sirota.

Todd Blanche: Sirota. Who is Mr. Sirota?

Michael Cohen: Mr. Sirota is a partner over at a law firm called Cole Schotz.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall him being Mr. Pecker's attorney in connection with this litigation?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that litigation was filed the very last day of September 2016, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And do you remember what that litigation was about?

Michael Cohen: Again, I do not.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember whether another colleague of yours named Marc Kasowitz represented the other side of that litigation?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that was when, at least for part of that time, you were in London, visiting your daughter and celebrating your anniversary, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you recall having communications with Mr. Sirota, at that point when you were in London, about this litigation?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Ultimately, you tried to play a role in settling that litigation, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And one of the reasons you did that is because of your friendship with Mr. Pecker?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Is one of the reasons you did that because of your relationship with Mr. Sirota and your relationship with Mr. Kasowitz?

Michael Cohen: They are all friends, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: They are all friends of yours?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you communicated to them about that in October, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you -- but you also were at least exploring the idea of getting a job at iPayments, correct?

Michael Cohen: It was floated, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that was -- when you say "it was floated" -- during that time period it was floated, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, all of this was within the few weeks during that time around October 26th?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now -- and we talked about this for a few minutes at the beginning of your testimony today, but you worked with an individual named Pastor Darrell Scott on the National Diversity Coalition, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And, at the time, I believe you testified last Tuesday, this was a pretty big, big deal for you and for the campaign, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And the week of October 26th, in fact, on October 25th, you were sent a video link about Dr. King's niece's support for President Trump, right? Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: And the niece is a doctor herself, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, this was a big deal for you, right?

Michael Cohen: It was a big deal for everyone.

Todd Blanche: So, including you?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And on October 26th, you -- so, that's the day that you caused the -- that the payment was made to Ms. Daniels' attorney, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: You talked on multiple times that day with folks associated with Dr. King's statement and the fact that she was now going to be supporting President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: She actually participated in an event later on that week, do you recall that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall you and Pastor Scott trying to immediately put her on the Board or whatever leadership position you all had at the time, is that right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And all that was happening the week of the 24th, 25th and 26th, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then, I mentioned this earlier with President Trump's daughter, do you recall on October 25th -- so, the day before -- do you recall her communicating with you that she had concerns about somebody trying to blackmail her?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And do you recall that you handled it immediately?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You spoke with Mr. Pecker?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: You spoke with the -- with, obviously, with Miss Trump about it -- with Tiffany Trump about it, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you then, later, spoke with the General Counsel at AMI, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that was all to figure out a way to shut this down, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that all happened in the afternoon and evening of October 25th, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Are you sure about that? I could show you documents.

Michael Cohen: No, I believe it's correct.

Todd Blanche: So, do you remember -- now I'm talking about the 26th, the day this all happened. You testified on direct that you had two phone calls with President Trump that morning, at 8:26 and at 8:34. The 8:26 call was three minutes and one second, the 8:34 call was one minute and twenty-eight seconds. Do you remember talking about that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: Correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, you testified on direct that the reason why you wanted to speak with President Trump on that day was to make sure that he approved of what you were doing, you needed his approval for this, and that was the sum and substance of the conversation. You wanted the deal -- you wanted Ms. Daniels to not be able to sell her story to The Daily Mail, and you were about to go across the street and do it, so you wanted his blessing, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And that's still your testimony today?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, do you remember what was happening in the campaign, what President Trump was doing on October 26th?

Michael Cohen: Sir, I don't understand your question.

Todd Blanche: Well, do you have a recollection of what President Trump was doing on the 26th in connection with his campaign, rallies, interviews or anything else?

Michael Cohen: He was doing rallies basically every day.

Todd Blanche: All right. But, do you have a specific recollection of what he was doing on that day?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, let me show you what has been marked for identification, just for you, the Court and the parties, B168.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: And I don t know that you've ever seen this before, so I'm not showing it to you like you have. I'm just showing it to you to see if it refreshes your recollection.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, do you remember that morning, okay, so the morning of the 26th, that President Trump was going to sit down and do an interview with ABC News right after 9:00? Does that ring a bell?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Does it ring a bell, though, if I reminded you that it wasn't just President Trump, it was going to be his entire family that was sitting down with Mr. Stephanopoulos, SO not just President Trump, but also his children and Melania Trump as well?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: That doesn't ring a bell, Mr. Cohen?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. The objection is sustained.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall -- are you familiar with the Post Office Building in Washington, D.C.?

Michael Cohen: I am.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall, for a time period, President Trump owned that, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall October 26th being the day that there was an opening ceremony for that? Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, but you do have a specific recollection, it sounds like, that on those two phone calls, you just talked about the Stormy Daniels deal, that's it?

Michael Cohen: Because they were important to me.

Todd Blanche: So was fixing Tiffany Trump's situation important to you?

Michael Cohen: It was important that I take care of it, but it was not personally important to me.

Todd Blanche: But that wouldn't have been something you updated her father about when you spoke with him the next morning?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: No? You wouldn't have updated him about any -- well, let me ask you this: At the time, that was right around the time that there was still fallout from the Access Hollywood tape, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, if there was going to be meetings and interviews that day, you don't think you would have spoken with President Trump about anything involving that issue, just about Stormy Daniels?

Michael Cohen: My recollection is that I was speaking to him about Stormy Daniels because that was what he tasked me to take care of and that's what I had been working on.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall ever speaking with President Trump about the fact that he was opening a hotel in the old Post Office in Washington, D.C.?

Michael Cohen: Yes, we've had conversations about that.

Todd Blanche: Even before it was opened, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: But you wouldn't have talked to him about that on that day?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Just about the Daniels situation?

Michael Cohen: As I recall, yes. Now, I want to talk for a few minutes now about the Retainer Agreement -- the meeting that you had with Mr. Weisselberg in January 2017 and you talked about -- you met with him, you brought the statement that showed that you had transferred $131,000, and then there is writing from you and there is writing from Mr. Weisselberg, correct?

Michael Cohen: Do you know what I'm talking about?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And I believe your testimony is that the way that the $35,000 a month -- the way that that number was kind of developed was $130,000 for the payment to Ms. Daniels, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: $50,000 from the Red Finch polling situation?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: That's 180, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And then your testimony is that Mr. Weisselberg said, "Let's gross that up and double it," which brings you to 360?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And then Mr. Weisselberg said that you are getting another $60,000 bonus?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that adds up to 420 or 35,000 a month, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But you were shorted a hundred thousand on your bonus that year, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, for many years you had gotten 150,000, and in 2016 you got 50, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: So, the 50,000 that you got back from Red Finch, you -- well, you only paid the Red Finch owner 20,000, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, you were getting some -- he was a friend of yours or you knew him, is that right?

Michael Cohen: I knew him.

Todd Blanche: And he was giving you a hard time because he hadn't been paid and The Trump Organization wasn't going to pay him, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And so, you went to a bank and cashed two checks for him, is that right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, how did you pay him the $20,000?

Michael Cohen: I went across the street from my home to TD Bank, and I just took out cash over a couple of days.

Todd Blanche: So you went and withdrew cash. Why did you do it over a couple of days?

Michael Cohen: I just didn't want to take it out, the $20,000.

Todd Blanche: What were the increments that you took it out in?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall, sir.

Todd Blanche: But, at some point, after a couple of days, you have 20,000 in cash, and you meet up with him. Where?

Michael Cohen: He came to the office.

Todd Blanche: And you had, what, like a duffel bag of cash? Like, where was the cash?

Michael Cohen: No, sir, it was in a small bag.

Todd Blanche: What kind of bag?

Michael Cohen: A small brown paper bag.

Todd Blanche: A brown paper bag?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So, you had 20,000 in a brown paper bag, you met with him, and you gave him $20,000 to take care of that $50,000 bill?

Michael Cohen: Yes. I don't recall if it was exactly 20,000, but he came to the office and I gave him the cash.

Todd Blanche: And when was that in relation to the meeting that you had with Mr. Weisselberg in January of 2017?

Michael Cohen: Substantially before.

Todd Blanche: "Substantially, like a year?

Michael Cohen: Ummm, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: More than a year?

Michael Cohen: It could have been a couple of months more. Okay. So, at some point in late 2015 or early 2016 that happened?

Michael Cohen: I believe so. So, you paid him back his 20,000, and you were square with him, right?

Michael Cohen: He would have liked the additional 30,000 as well.

Todd Blanche: Well, we -- fair enough. But, you said before, in meetings with prosecutors, that that ended that dispute, that ended that issue with him, right?

Michael Cohen: Between us, yes.

Todd Blanche: Well, who else would it have been between?

Michael Cohen: Mr. Trump and Red Finch. So did -- are you aware of Mr. Trump and Red Finch having ongoing litigation or issues after you gave him $20,000?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Because you were the connect, right?

Michael Cohen: I was, yes.

Todd Blanche: And it was your friend that owned the company?

Michael Cohen: Again, someone who I knew, yes.

Todd Blanche: It's all right. I'm sorry. I'm calling him a friend. Someone you know owned the company. And so, you knew when you gave him $20,000, that was the end of it, right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir. He still wanted the full amount, but this was enough to placate him for the time being -- I still needed his service and I still needed his availability, so I accepted the request, which was to give him at least certain monies that he was out-of-pocket on.

Todd Blanche: And then Mr. Weisselberg says: Okay, what do we owe you? You say: 50,000 for Red Finch. And Mr. Weisselberg says: Let's gross that up, and makes that 100,000, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: So, at what point did you give -- well, let me ask it a different way. You never gave the $30,000 that was owed to the guy that owned Red Finch, did you?

Michael Cohen: No. No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So you stole from The Trump Organization, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you didn't just steal the $30,000, right, it was actually, because it was grossed up, it was $60,000?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Meaning, if you had been honest with Mr. Weisselberg and said, "I'm only owed 20,000," " and he grossed that up, that would have been 40, not a hundred, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you told multiple prosecutors in the District Attorney's Office that story, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Did you ever have to plead guilty to larceny?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Have you paid back The Trump Organization the money that you stole from them?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: And, by the way, you were in communication with Mr. Weisselberg, coming up with a plan to cover up the $130,000 payment, right? That's your testimony?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And in the middle of that conversation, you lie to him about how much money you are owed from the Red Finch transaction?

Michael Cohen: The transaction with Red Finch had gone on, as I stated, for a long time prior. He knew of the $50,000 that was owed to Red Finch. And when we were sitting down and making the calculations, that's when he asked me: It's 50,000 for Red Finch? And I said: Yes.

Todd Blanche: You didn't just say, "Yes," you actually wrote "50,000" on that sheet of paper, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So, my question before you gave us that answer was -- was a very simple question: In the middle of this conversation that you are having with Mr. Weisselberg and you are figuring out when to -- how to cover up this $130,000 payment, right, you lied to him about how much you owed, you need reimbursement for Red Finch?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And to this day, you've never fixed that, right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you've talked about that incident on multiple occasions with the District Attorney?

Michael Cohen: I have.

Todd Blanche: And, moreover, when you had testified last week, on Tuesday, about what you just said, you didn't say you stole from The Trump Organization, did you?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: But you did steal from The Trump Organization, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Michael Cohen: I'm sorry?

Todd Blanche: You did steal from The Trump Organization based upon the expected reimbursement from Red Finch, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, I want to understand that meeting a little better. Your testimony is that you have a conversations with Mr. Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: [No response.]

Todd Blanche: That you are going to come up with -- you are going to gross this up, add $60,000, to get you to $420, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then, at the time you think, I'm going to get paid at one time, but you shortly thereafter learn that it's going to be 12 payments of $35,000, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you are told by -- well, by Mr. Weisselberg just to call it a retainer?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: And you are told: Just send in an invoice, and we will get you paid, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: We will send it monthly?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: But, your testimony, I think -- correct me if I'm wrong -- is that there was never an expectation that there would be a Retainer Agreement, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And, by the way, you had never had a Retainer Agreement when you worked for Trump Org, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: We went over this last week. But, you never had one with the personal work you were doing for President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: You never had one for any of the work that you were doing for any of his children, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And the clear deal between you and Mr. Weisselberg was that you weren't going to have one going forward, right?

Michael Cohen: This was for reimbursement, correct.

Todd Blanche: Right. Correct. Because if you weren't going to be paid for being his lawyer, this was just some big coverup, some big reimbursement for the $130,000. right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: I want to show you -- let me ask you this. Except for that one conversation with Mr. Weisselberg about that, and then you guys go in and talk to President Trump about it, supposedly, right, do you remember that, except for those two conversations, did you have other conversations before that with Mr. Weisselberg about your role as President Trump's Personal Attorney?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, the conversations you had with Mr. Weisselberg about the Retainer Agreement and that there would be no Retainer Agreement were all in that meeting? That meeting -- I'm sorry, that was a terrible question. So, the conversations that you had with Mr. Weisselberg about the Retainer Agreement and the fact that there would not be one all took place in the meeting you had with him alone and the meeting you had with President Trump, is that your testimony?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And, now, if you would have had a Retainer Agreement, that Agreement would have been between you and your client, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And who would your client have been?

Michael Cohen: It would have been Mr. Trump.

Todd Blanche: So, you -- there was never going to be a scenario where you were going to have a Retainer Agreement with the Trump Org, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Or with Mr. Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Or even with The Trust, right?

Michael Cohen: Well, it couldn't have been with The Trust.

Todd Blanche: Well, don't t you recall during that time that there was a separation between President Trump and the Trump Org because he was going to be President?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And the way that that was dealt with was the Trump Org and all of the assets got put into a Trust?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that was to separate President Trump being President and his company, that was going to be run by his sons, correct?

Michael Cohen: And Mr. Weisselberg, yes.

Todd Blanche: So, his company -- the President was President, and his sons and Mr. Weisselberg were going to run the company, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, your personal relationship, your Private Attorney to President Trump relationship wasn't going to be with you and The Trust, it would be with you and President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, but The Trust controlled his cash flow, so I would suspect that somewhere along the line, maybe that's where the funds would come from, I didn't know the answer.

Todd Blanche: I'm sorry, . I didn't ask you where the funds would come from, I'm saying your attorney-client relationship, your Retainer Agreement, that would have just been between you and President Trump?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: That was my only question.

Michael Cohen: Understood.

Todd Blanche: The payment could have come from, as it often does, from other sources?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But, the attorney-client relationship and the Retainer Agreement is between you and President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: But, that's not what happened here, right, because you and Mr. Weisselberg decided that there would be no Retainer Agreement, right?

Michael Cohen: Hmmm. Can you rephrase the question?

Todd Blanche: I will withdraw the question. I'm going to show you what has been marked as Defense Exhibit D260 just for you, the parties and the Court.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: And take a look and see if you see your email, Mr. Weisselberg's email, and then the date of that, January 31st, 2017. Do you see that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: And that's your email. You can only see part of it, but that looks like your email, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: I mean, if you take a look at the lower chain with someone named Nelson Ornelas. And you are forwarding that -- that rings true, that this is an email that you forwarded Mr. Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: We offer B260, your Honor.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [So marked in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: If we can put that up on the screen for everybody. And then if we can blow up, first, when it was sent. So, just the first page, the header.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: No. Not that. The email. The top email, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: So, that's an email from Mr. Weisselberg to you on January 31st, 2017, at 6:07 p.m. Correct?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: So, by this time, you had had your meeting with him about how this coverup payment would work, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: You had already started your role as President Trump's Personal Attorney?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. And this is basically your last day at Trump Org. or maybe right around this time was your last day at Trump Org, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Okay. And you are forwarding an email -- I'm sorry. Allen is responding to an email that you sent him, Mr. Weisselberg, at 6:07 at night, right?

Michael Cohen: He is sending me an email, yes.

Todd Blanche: Responding to an email that you send him lower down, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Okay.

Todd Blanche: Can we look at the first two lines of the actual text of that email?

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Can you go ahead and read that out to the jury, please?

Michael Cohen: "Thank you. You never stopped in for a bro hug. Anyway, please prepare the Agreement we discussed so we can pay you monthly."

Todd Blanche: You can take that down.

Todd Blanche: Why would you have had to prepare an Agreement SO that you could get paid monthly if, as you said last week, you -- and again a few minutes ago, there was never an expectation that you were going to have an Agreement?

Michael Cohen: It was in order to get the reimbursement of the $35,000 per month back.

Todd Blanche: Oh, I understand that. But you just testified four minutes ago, and then you testified last Tuesday, that you and Mr. Weisselberg had a deal that there would never be an Agreement because it was all a coverup, right? That was your testimony last week, and that was your testimony a few minutes ago, yes?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: All right. MR. BLANCHE So, can we put up People's Exhibit 1, please. It can go to everybody. It's in evidence. Can we go to the second page.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: And then, if you can go to the third page.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: So, this is the first --

Todd Blanche: So if we can go back to the first page, actually. Thank you.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Now, you remember this arrangement that you had the first couple of months that Trump -- that The Trust wrote the checks, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Do you --

Todd Blanche: If we could blow up the middle of that payment, the email from Allen Weisselberg to Jeff McConney.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Do you have any understanding --

Todd Blanche: You can take that down, actually.

Todd Blanche: Do you have any understanding as to why Don Junior and Eric would have approved your payment as opposed to President Trump?

Michael Cohen: Because they were the Trustees of The Trust.

Todd Blanche: So, that was what you were talking about a few minutes ago, right, where you -- there could be a payment plan where the money comes from The Trust as opposed to President Trump's personal account, right?

Michael Cohen: I'm sorry, your question is confusing.

Todd Blanche: A few minutes ago when you talked about how your retainer would be with President Trump, but a third source may provide payment, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And for the first three months, that's exactly what happened here, right? The Trust paid you, it didn't come out of President Trump's personal funds, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And then the remaining nine months the checks were signed from President Trump's personal account, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But the first two checks for the first three months were signed by representatives from The Trust, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And as that email just indicated, not surprising to you, it would have been approved by Eric and Don, right?

Michael Cohen: Either Eric or Don, in association with Allen Weisselberg.

Todd Blanche: So, is it fair to say that once you became President Trump's personal attorney in 2017, every single email you sent, your signature block said the same thing, fair?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Every time you sent an email, whether it was to a potential client, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Whether it was to a friend?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Whether it was to the Trump Org.. sending an invoice, it always said Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And, by the way, that's the same job you had had for a decade, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, except not to the President, CEO of the Trump Organization as Special Counsel, but now it was Personal Attorney to the President of the United States.

Todd Blanche: But what I mean is, his job changed, meaning President Trump's job changed, your job didn't, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So -- and, again, at that time in 2017, as you were rolling out to be Personal Attorney for President Donald J. Trump, you told everybody that that was happening, correct?

Michael Cohen: Not everybody, but I certainly was proud of the role, and I announced it.

Todd Blanche: You told TMZ?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You told the New York Times?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You actually gave them a little scoop on it, is that fair?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And as to that fact, you went on TV and you told Sean Hannity about it? You announced it, right?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Todd Blanche: And what you said, repeatedly, at the time, was that you were going to remain in the same role you always had, right, which is, you were going to be the Personal Attorney to the President of the United States, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that's what you did, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, I want to show you and the parties and the Court, B261. And I'm going to ask you if you see that email and, if so, do you recognize it?

Note: [Displayed to the aforementioned parties only.]

Note: [Pause while witness reads the document.]

Todd Blanche: Do you recognize that email?

Michael Cohen: I do, sir.

Todd Blanche: Is that your good-bye email to the Trump Organization?

Michael Cohen: It was.

Todd Blanche: We offer B261.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [So marked in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: We are going to display that for everybody. We are not going to read the email, but this is the email that you sent on January 27th, 2017, right?

Note: [Displayed.]

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: It went to everybody at The Trump Organization, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And, here, you again tell everybody at The Trump Organization that you are starting a new job to be President Trump's Personal Attorney, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: If you look at the third paragraph, the paragraph that starts: "I will be in and out of the Office."

Todd Blanche: If we can blow that paragraph up.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: And you write: "It is for this reason that I am truly excited to begin my new position as Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump." Correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you say what an honor it was. And you agree with that, right?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: And that you are going to be -- have productive and exciting times with President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: But then you say you are going to miss everybody?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And then give them a way to contact you, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And we can take that down.

Todd Blanche: And then you started doing legal work for President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Excuse me?

Todd Blanche: Well, once you -- you changed roles, so you leave The Trump Organization and you start as President Trump's Personal Attorney, you continue to do what you were doing in January, in February of 2017, right, helping President Trump with his personal legal issues, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You had a matter with Marc Kasowitz representing President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You were -- you and he were actually lead counsel on that case, right?

Michael Cohen: I think Marc Kasowitz was lead counsel.

Todd Blanche: Well, let's take a look at B176 just for you, the Court and the parties.

Todd Blanche: And then we can go to the next page.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: Actually, let's go to Page 15.. I'm sorry.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at Page 15, and, actually, the bottom. Hold on one second.

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, isn't it true, that both you and Mr. Kasowitz were both lead counsel on that matter?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that was, at the time, a relatively active matter that was taking a fair amount of your time, and it looks like Mr. Kasowitz's time, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, do you recall discussions with --

Todd Blanche: You can take that down.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall in discussions with the people that were working at the White House, like Hope Hicks, working with you to find a lawyer to represent President Trump in certain matters?

Michael Cohen: I'm sorry. Can you ask that again.

Todd Blanche: Well, is -- so one of the things that you did as President Trump's attorney was to help him find a lawyer to actually work the case, right?

Michael Cohen: One?

Todd Blanche: One of the things?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So, in the case that we just talked about with Mr. Kasowitz, you were co-lead counsel with him, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: But, in some other cases you maybe wouldn't have handled the case yourself if it wasn't your area of expertise, but you would represent President Trump in getting a lawyer to help him, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And do you recall doing that in January and February of 2017 for President Trump?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: For example, there were issues at the time with reporters potentially making defamatory statements against President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you helped -- that was part of your job, right, to help with that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you have met regularly with counsel, including Mr. Kasowitz, in February as well, on not only the case you were lead counsel on, but some other matters as well, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And there was -- I mean, just so the jury understands, and to help us understand, that was a case that actually had legal filings that had to be made, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So it wasn't just, like a threat of litigation, there was ongoing litigation with legal filings, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you were part of that?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Your role changed, is that fair, is that what you said?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Okay. So, certainly, talking about January and February, you were actively a part of that, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And then the filings in March, you helped with the filings, correct?

Michael Cohen: I reviewed the documents, yes.

Todd Blanche: Well, is reviewing the documents helping with the filings?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: All right. Do you recall helping President Trump even serving subpoenas on Government agencies, like helping figure out how to serve a subpoena on a State Department? Do you recall helping with that?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, let's take a look at B237 and just review that, for the parties and the Court.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: If we can just blow up the text so that Mr. Cohen can see it a little bit easier. Thank you.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: You can take that down.

Todd Blanche: So do you recall working with Mr. Kasowitz around subpoenas that had been issued, including the State Department?

Michael Cohen: I received the email from them, yes.

Todd Blanche: Well, when you received an email like that and you were President Trump's attorney, would you have known something about it?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So, that was just my question, whether that was one of the things that you were doing at that time, was helping President Trump with that type of issue?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, in May of 2017, a Special Counsel was appointed named Robert Mueller, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: What, if anything, did that -- what, if any, effect did that have on your attorney-client relationship with Mr. Trump, if anything?

Michael Cohen: It did not.

Todd Blanche: So, at some point, though, later in the year, did the fact that there was a Special Counsel investigating President Trump affect your relationship with President Trump?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that's because there were false claims made by you?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, President Trump appointed or named Mr. Kasowitz, at least initially, to be his lawyer for that, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you were part of that process, right?

Michael Cohen: [Witness indicating with a quizzical look.]

Todd Blanche: Well, you were -- the process of selecting Mr. Kasowitz, did you play a role in that?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: How did you find out about it?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall.

Todd Blanche: Were you happy, sad or indifferent, that Mr. Kasowitz had been appointed as President Trump's Personal Attorney for that?

Michael Cohen: Probably happy.

Todd Blanche: Because you had a good relationship with him?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And did you continue to work with Mr. Kasowitz in his representation of President Trump in connection with the Mueller investigation?

Michael Cohen: Not that I recall.

Todd Blanche: So that was a separation, right? So you were aware that Mr. Kasowitz was selected. Mr. Kasowitz was representing President Trump and you weren't really a part of that, right?

Michael Cohen: No, I was not.

Todd Blanche: But you were still Special Counsel -- Personal Counsel to President Trump, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You also did a fair amount of work for -- legal work for the First Lady in 2017, correct?

Michael Cohen: I did legal work for the First Lady.

Todd Blanche: There was an issue with Madame Tussauds, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you helped with that?

Michael Cohen: I reviewed the Agreement, yes.

Todd Blanche: And reviewing the Agreement is helping with that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You also met with the First Lady on many occasions, at least in February and March and April of that year, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Did you meet with the First Lady in New York?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Because she was still in New York at that time?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And part of your role in meeting with her was helping her with legal issues or potential legal issues, correct?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, was the Madame Tussauds a legal issue?

Michael Cohen: That was.

Todd Blanche: Was there a -- do you recall there being a trademark issue that arose involving Melania during that time period?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And did you help with that situation?

Michael Cohen: I did. And, again, that's legal work you were performing for the First Lady, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: But you separately met with her on multiple occasions for non-legal work as well, right?

Michael Cohen: Personal matters.

Todd Blanche: And did you view that as part of your job?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, part of your job had always been or at least for many years had been not only doing legal work, but helping President Trump and his family with an array of issues, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that's what a lot of lawyers do, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, that's what you did, right?

Michael Cohen: That's what I did, yes.

Todd Blanche: And your job was being President Trump's lawyer, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, at some point, and we talked about this a little bit on Thursday, but at some point were you advised that you shouldn't have contact with President Trump because of the Mueller investigation?

Michael Cohen: Not that I recall. So you don't recall being -- saying to the President that you were advised that you could not speak to President Trump in and around May of that year?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall that, no, sir.

Todd Blanche: And, to be clear, the Retainer Agreement that you entered into with Mr. Weisselberg and --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. The Retainer Agreement that you discussed with Mr. Weisselberg, okay, that led to you being paid $35,00 a month in 2017, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Well, how much were you paid every month in 2017 from President Trump personally?

Michael Cohen: That would have been nine checks.

Todd Blanche: Nine checks --

Michael Cohen: At $35,000 a piece.

Todd Blanche: And the other three checks came from The Trust --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. I'm sorry, can you ask that again?

Todd Blanche: The other three checks came from The Trust, correct?

Juan Merchan: You can answer.

Michael Cohen: I can answer?

Juan Merchan: You can answer if you know the answer.

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So the first check was for $70,000, which was for two months, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then the second check from The Trust was for March for one month, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, you continued to get paid all 12 months, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: $35,000 a month?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that was the Agreement that was struck, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You also did a ton of consulting work in 2017, right?

Michael Cohen: I did consulting work, yes.

Todd Blanche: Well, did you do a little bit of it or a lot of it?

Michael Cohen: I don't know how to define a little or a lot. I had consulting clients, yes.

Todd Blanche: How many?

Michael Cohen: Six in total. How much were you paid in 2017?

Michael Cohen: Approximately $4 million.

Todd Blanche: From those six clients?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, let's start with AT&T. Was that one of your clients?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You signed with them in January of 2017, does that sound right?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall if it was January of 2017.

Todd Blanche: No problem.

Todd Blanche: Can we show the witness what has been marked for identification as B188 just for the witness, the parties and the Court.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at that, and then we can discuss it.

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Does that refresh your recollection that it was January?

Michael Cohen: It does.

Todd Blanche: We can take that down.

Todd Blanche: And they paid you $50,000 a month?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: For how long?

Michael Cohen: For one year.

Todd Blanche: So 12 months, $50,000 a month, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: What work did you do for AT&T?

Michael Cohen: Consulting and advisory work.

Todd Blanche: So what does that mean? What actual work did you do for them?

Michael Cohen: I advised them on the issue that was taking place where they wanted to acquire, I believe, it was Time Warner.

Todd Blanche: What time period of the year was this?

Michael Cohen: [Witness indicating.]

Todd Blanche: What time period? So you signed with them in January. At what point are you advising them on this?

Michael Cohen: Throughout that year.

Todd Blanche: Approximately how many communications did you have with them during the year?

Michael Cohen: Approximately 20.

Todd Blanche: And were those communications of all sort, meaning email, phone calls, and in-person meetings?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So over the course of 12 months, you had 20 communications with AT&T, and they paid you $600,000, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And there's nothing wrong with that, correct?

Michael Cohen: I don't see it.

Todd Blanche: I'm not saying there are, I'm just asking you?

Michael Cohen: I don't believe so.

Todd Blanche: And who -- what is Columbus Nova?

Michael Cohen: Columbus Nova is a fund, that was also a client.

Todd Blanche: When did you sign with Columbus Nova?

Michael Cohen: I believe in February of 2017.

Todd Blanche: Let's take a look at B180 -- well, could it have been January?

Michael Cohen: It could have been January as well.

Todd Blanche: January 25th, 2017, right?

Michael Cohen: Sounds correct.

Todd Blanche: And they paid you $80,000 a month, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: How long did you work for Columbus Nova?

Michael Cohen: The Agreement was supposed to be for one year.

Todd Blanche: Well, "supposed to be," it sounds like it was -- was it longer or shorter?

Michael Cohen: Shorter.

Todd Blanche: How long did they end up cutting the Agreement?

Michael Cohen: Well, it was a little more than six months, I believe.

Todd Blanche: How many communications did you have with them over that six-month period of time?

Michael Cohen: More than a hundred.

Todd Blanche: And those hundred communications were of all sorts, email, phone calls, in-person meetings?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Why did that relationship come to a halt?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, let me ask you this: There is nothing wrong with you and/or another party signing an agreement and then saying, we are not going to work together anymore, right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: By the way, you never told President Trump that you had -- and we are going to go through some more that you had -- had all these consulting arrangements, did you?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Michael Cohen: In fact, it was Mr. Trump who introduced the CEO of AT&T to me, that's how I ended up obtaining him as a client.

Todd Blanche: So, let me ask that question again. I didn' ask you who introduced you to your clients. My question was whether along the way you told President Trump that you had all these -- that you had six consulting Agreements

Michael Cohen: I did not specifically tell President Trump that, no.

Todd Blanche: And -- well, you know at some point he found out, right?

Michael Cohen: I believe so, yes.

Todd Blanche: And you know that he was frustrated that you had signed a deal with AT&T, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: What about Novartis? Did you have a relationship with Novartis?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Todd Blanche: They hired you in March of 2017, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And they paid you $100,000 a month, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that was a one-year deal?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, you were paid 1.2 million by Novartis?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you testified in front of Congress that you had six communications with them, is that right?

Michael Cohen: I think -- maybe more than that, but, yes, it was not significant.

Todd Blanche: Well, if it was more than six, but not significant, what number in your head today are you thinking?

Michael Cohen: It could be six.

Todd Blanche: So that would mean that you were paid $1.2 million for six communications, that's $200,000 a communication, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And that's the deal they entered into, right?

Michael Cohen: It is.

Todd Blanche: And what I mean by that is when you hire -- when you enter an Agreement with AT&T or Novartis or Columbus Nova, it's S a Consulting Agreement, they can use you as much as they want, right?

Michael Cohen: Or as little or

Todd Blanche: Or as little as they want. So if AT&T wanted to call you every day, they could?

Michael Cohen: They could have.

Todd Blanche: And under the Agreement, you would have had to talk to them, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Same with all of them?

Michael Cohen: Same with all of them.

Todd Blanche: That's the way that a Retainer Agreement works, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Meaning, it's not conditioned on the quantity of work that is done?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, a Retainer Agreement with Novartis --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it. It's a Consulting Agreement --

Juan Merchan: I'm sorry?

Todd Blanche: A Retainer Agreement with Novartis --

Juan Merchan: Actually, you are right. Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, what types of decisions do you think about when you are trying to figure out whether to sign with a -- as a consultant, whether you should represent a company?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Michael Cohen: I'm sorry, sir. I don't understand the question.

Todd Blanche: I mean, we talked about different prices Novartis was $100,000 a month, Columbus Nova was $80,000 a month, AT&T was $50,000 a month. What type of -- what goes into your strategy or decision making when deciding what the right number was?

Michael Cohen: It was based upon my communications with them.

Todd Blanche: Meaning, both sides talked about what the expectations were, including how much to pay a month?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And were there clients that you started talking to that you ultimately didn't agree to work with?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And that happens a lot, right?

Michael Cohen: It happened quite often.

Todd Blanche: So, you also had retainers with Avenue Ventures, is that right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: What is Avenue Ventures?

Michael Cohen: Avenue Ventures was a gentleman who, his name is Imaad Zuberi, who I had met during the course of the campaign. And the things that Mr. Zuberi was asking of me were not things that I would agree to do, which dealt with lobbying or Government relations. And so I never agreed to represent him.

Todd Blanche: So you weren't their consultant?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: What about Korea Aerospace?

Michael Cohen: KAI. Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Were you their consultant?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How much did they pay you a month?

Michael Cohen: I believe it was $100,000 a month.

Todd Blanche: For how long?

Michael Cohen: For one year.

Todd Blanche: And so, that's 1.2 million. Did they -- were they your client the entire year?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: How long?

Michael Cohen: Ummm, six, seven months, I believe.

Todd Blanche: So, in the six or seven months, how many communications did you have with them?

Michael Cohen: Approximately a dozen.

Todd Blanche: What about BTA Bank?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Was that one of your clients?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How much did they pay you a month?

Michael Cohen: I believe it was supposed to be $150,000 a month.

Todd Blanche: When you say "supposed to be," it sounds like they didn't pay you $150,000 a month?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: How much did they pay you?

Michael Cohen: I believe for two or three months.

Todd Blanche: So, they paid you $450,000 and then the relationship went away or what happened?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How many communications did you have with BTA Bank in that two or three months?

Michael Cohen: Again, approximately 20 communications.

Todd Blanche: Now, so we talked, I think, just about just about six. Did you --

Michael Cohen: There was one additional.

Todd Blanche: Go ahead. What was the one additional?

Michael Cohen: A gentleman by the name of Franklin Haney, who, again, I had met through Mr. Trump at Mar-a-Lago, who had a nuclear facility that he had purchased from TVA, Tennessee Valley Authority, and he was trying to obtain assistance with financing on the re-activation of this nuclear facility to create both jobs as well as to lower the cost of energy substantially.

Todd Blanche: How much did he pay you a month?

Michael Cohen: He paid me an initial retainer amount, I believe it was $50,000, but he had offered more, I was to receive 15 percent carry interest in the company if I was successful.

Todd Blanche: And what timeframe did you represent him in 2017?

Michael Cohen: Towards the end.

Todd Blanche: So, you had the Retainer Agreements that we just talked about, you had a retainer -- President Trump was paying you $35,000 a month, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And then in 2018 -- I want to move into 2018, early 2018 is when the Stormy Daniels' payment leaked, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you told multiple people when it first leaked that President Trump knew nothing about the payment, correct?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: Do you know somebody named Andrew Albstein?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Who is Andrew Albstein?

Michael Cohen: He's a real estate attorney.

Todd Blanche: And he's a longtime friend of yours?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember going with him in 2018 to visit somebody who was in jail by the name of Steven Croman?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. Steven Croman was a mutual friend of the two of yours, is that right?

Michael Cohen: I went to college with Steve Croman and continue to this day to be friends. And so, you and Mr. Croman went to -- I'm sorry, you and Mr. Albstein went to visit Mr. Croman, who is in jail here in New York City?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And this was around the time or right after the time that the story of you making the payment had been released, right?

Michael Cohen: I'm sorry, one more time, please. When you went to visit him in jail, it was right after the story had been leaked that you had made the payment to Stormy Daniels, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. And do you remember saying that both of them -- insisting to both of them that President Trump knew nothing about it?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall specifically saying that, but it would have been what I would have said at that time, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And, do you remember saying that you had made the deal and President Trump did not know? Do you remember saying that?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Would it have surprised you that you made that statement at the time?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember saying that you even called Melania, the First Lady, and told her that President Trump didn't know about it?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, did you call the First Lady and say that President Trump didn't know about it?

Michael Cohen: Not that I recall, no, sir.

Todd Blanche: But you don't recall saying that to the -- to your friend, Mr. Albstein, and the gentleman who was in prison?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember being told at the time that you should keep that quiet? Meaning, keep it quiet what you knew or didn't know about the payment?

Michael Cohen: Not that I recall, no, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, putting aside whether you were told that, I guess you didn't keep it quiet, right?

Michael Cohen: I did not.

Todd Blanche: You spoke to -- again, we talked about it a lot, but you spoke to Ms. Haberman and told her that President Trump didn't know about it, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you also -- and you said that on the record, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You recorded conversations with multiple reporters where you told them you didn't know, correct?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall a conversation with a reporter named Suzanne Kianpour with the BBC?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you recall recording a long conversation with her in early February about the payment?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And do you recall telling her that there is no way you had told President Trump about it at the time? Do you remember telling her that?

Michael Cohen: Sounds correct, yes.

Todd Blanche: Now -- and you didn't tell that reporter you were recording her, correct?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember telling her, and, again, I'm talking about Ms. Kianpour, that your wife and kids had just found out two weeks earlier? Do you remember saying that?

Michael Cohen: I don t.

Todd Blanche: Well, if you said that, would that have been true?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then -- and so, just up until April of 2018, April 17th is when the FBI raided your house, right?

Michael Cohen: April 9th.

Todd Blanche: I'm sorry. Thank you. April 9th. You had told anybody who asked, that President Trump knew nothing about the payment at the time, correct?

Michael Cohen: That's what I said, yes.

Todd Blanche: You said that to reporters?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You said it to friends?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And until at least recently in 2018, you had said it to family, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And then April 9th the FBI raided your hotel room, apartment, TD Bank and office, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And a week later you went and met with a lawyer named Bob Costello on April 17th, 2018, correct?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: No?

Michael Cohen: No.

Todd Blanche: What do you recall?

Michael Cohen: I received communication from Jeffrey Citron asking to set up a meeting with him and Bob Costello in order to discuss possible representation of me.

Todd Blanche: Right. So on April 17th, you went and had a meeting with Mr. Citron and Mr. Costello in a conference room in the hotel you were staying at, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes. They came to me.

Todd Blanche: And it was about a two-hour meeting?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall how long.

Todd Blanche: Do you -- you said last week that you thought that they brought a Retainer Agreement that day, is that right?

Michael Cohen: I believe that they brought some form of Retainer Agreement, yes.

Todd Blanche: Are you sure that it was that first meeting and it wasn't several days later, like April 20th or several days after, that they brought in the Retainer Agreement?

Michael Cohen: It could have been.

Todd Blanche: But it was early on?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Fair. Now, do you recall -- well, let me back up. After that initial meeting, is it fair to say that you have multiple communications with Mr. Costello over the next several months?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How many do you think that you had on the phone?

Michael Cohen: On the telephone?

Todd Blanche: Yes. On the telephone?

Michael Cohen: Ten. Maybe, maybe a few more.

Todd Blanche: And those would have been between like, around the time that you had met with him the first time and then whenever you stopped talking to them, a few months later, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: On -- now, after that first meeting, a few days later, on April 23rd, do you remember Mr. Costello calling, following up with you, saying that he had spoken to somebody that you had asked him to speak to? Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So I want to show you what has been marked for identification as B106. Just for you, the parties and the Court.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: I'm sorry, I said 106. I meant 1006.

Note: [Displayed to the aforementioned parties only.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at that email. And the top half is redacted. But take a look at that email and see if it's an email from Mr. Costello to you.

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Is that an email from Mr. Costello to you on April 23rd, 11:44, a.m.?

Michael Cohen: It is.

Todd Blanche: And we offer it. Part of it is redacted, the upper half is redacted.

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: We offer B1006.

Juan Merchan: Any objection?

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [So marked in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: If we can put it up on the screen, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: If can you blow up the two paragraphs and then the first four or five lines.

Todd Blanche: So that's an email from Mr. Costello to you on Monday, April 23rd, 2018, at 11:44, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: "Attorney-client privileged communication Michael," it says: "I spoke with the person you asked me to and he said that he would find out exactly how the matter ended up in the SDNY, and in particular who in Main Justice approved this.." Do you see that?

Michael Cohen: I do

Todd Blanche: And who did you ask him to discuss about that?

Michael Cohen: I believe it was Rudy Giuliani.

Todd Blanche: But you asked Mr. Costello to find out from Mr. Giuliani why the case was in the SDNY and who approved it, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, by the way, this is right after -- a few weeks after your -- the search warrant, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And, at that point, you didn't really know why they searched your office, hotel room, apartment, correct? You didn't know?

Michael Cohen: No.

Todd Blanche: You later found out they were looking at bank records, right?

Michael Cohen: Amongst other things.

Todd Blanche: Amongst other things. But they were looking at -- part of their probable cause for the search warrant was Mr. Freidman, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter Susan Pearce-Bates relieved Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Todd Blanche: The guy that you were in business with -- not in business with. The guy that you had loaned tax medallions to for many 5 years?

Michael Cohen: I had leased taxi medallions to him.

Todd Blanche: Now, if we look at the rest of that email, it looks like -- well, what Mr. Costello says to you, is that he thought he would have no problem tracking that down, and that he might have the answer the night before, but that hasn't happened, right? So, Mr. Costello is telling you he asked the question and he is waiting for an answer back, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, let's look now -- if I can show you what's been marked for identification as B-1008.

Todd Blanche: Just for the -- just for the witness, the parties and the Court.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at that email and tell me whether you recognize it? Now, while you are looking at it, Mr. Cohen, for reasons that they were produced, you will notice that they are reversed. Does that make sense? Susan Pearce-Bates, RPR, CCR, RSA Principal Court Reporter Meaning, the bottom email is actually sent on May 16th at 12:16, and the top email is sent May 15th at 1:42. Do you see that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: But do recognize an email, the top email, from you to Mr. Costello, Mr. Citron and a bottom email from Mr. Costello to you?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: And the top email was sent, like I said, on the 15th, but the bottom was sent on the 16th, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: We offer B-1008.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Document is received in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: If we can show that to the jury. And, actually, blow up the bottom email first, which is -- sorry. Can we get out of that and blow up the top email?

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: This is an email from you, right, to Mr. Costello? And it says, Bob, as I have stated in the past, when the right time comes, and now is not the right time, we will advance our conversations regarding this issue. Too many hands right now with all varying viewpoints and ideas, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You asked Mr. Costello to reach out to Mr. Ryan. Mr. Ryan is your lawyer from McDermott Will and Emery at the time, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: He was representing you in the Mueller investigation?

Michael Cohen: As well as the Congressional.

Todd Blanche: And the Congressional investigation. And then you say to Mr. Costello that he can reach out to you, but you do not want him communicating on your behalf with anybody, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: We can pull that out.

Todd Blanche: And then he writes back to you. Mr. Costello writes back to you the next day, May 16th, and he is trying to reassure you, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, at that point they wanted to -- they, meaning Mr. Citron and Mr. Costello, wanted to speak with you again, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct. And you indicate that confirms that you asked Mr. Costello to reach out to Mr. Ryan, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then they claimed they won't pester you, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct. So, would it surprise you to learn that you actually communicated on the phone, either you calling Mr. Costello or Mr. Costello calling you, 75 times?

Michael Cohen: It seems excessive, but possible. And do you -- what it -- would it surprise you to learn that there were multiple calls that lasted longer than a half hour?

Michael Cohen: No, sir. That you spoke over nine hours over the course of a few months with Mr. Costello, would that surprise you?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember having a phone call over Memorial Day weekend with Mr. Costello that lasted an hour and a half?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall that, if that was Memorial Day weekend.

Todd Blanche: Do you remember weekend calls that lasted a long time?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you initiated a lot of those calls, correct?

Michael Cohen: I don't know if I initiated them or responding to a request to call him or just accepting his phone call.

Todd Blanche: Well, just try to -- the best of your recollection, based on your recollection, do you recall you initiating more phone calls or Mr. Costello initiating more phone calls?

Michael Cohen: To the best of my recollection, I believe Mr. Costello reached out more to me.

Todd Blanche: Did you -- and I want to make sure I understand your testimony from last week, those nine hours of calls that you had, how many times did you meet with him personally?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. How many times, if you can recall, did you meet with Mr. Costello in person?

Michael Cohen: I believe it was once or twice.

Todd Blanche: So, the two times you met with him, and all of the phone calls you had with him, you understood at the time that those were privileged communications, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Because you hadn't signed an Engagement Letter, right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: But that doesn't mean that a conversation isn't privileged?

Michael Cohen: Anticipation of potential representation.

Todd Blanche: So, the signing of -- the fact that you had not signed an Engagement Letter with Mr. Costello didn't mean that those phone calls weren't privileged and didn't mean that those meetings weren't privileged, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, I am going to show you another email.

Todd Blanche: Which we can show the witness, parties and the Court, B-1003.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Do you recognize that email?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: That's another email between you and Mr.. Costello?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Or a chain of emails, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: We offer B-1003.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted.

Note: [Document is received in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: Can we put it on the screen?

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: If we can blow up the bottom third of the email, please.

Todd Blanche: This is an email on April 19th from Mr. Costello to you saying, I am sure you saw the news. Rudy is joining the Trump legal team. I told you my relationship with Rudy, which would be very well useful -- very, very useful for you and Bob Costello.

Todd Blanche: And then, if we can go to the statement back.

Todd Blanche: This is from you, Mr. Cohen. You say, Robert, great news for Rudy. I know I owe you a call. You have been working for lawyers all along and just now coming up for air, correct?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: After the first time you met with Mr. Costello, Rudy was hired to represent President Trump, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And Mr. Costello was telling you about that?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, I am going to show you People's Exhibit 208, sorry, in evidence. This was shown to you last week, Mr. Cohen.

Todd Blanche: If you can just blow up the bottom half, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: And then -- so, this is an email from Mr. Costello to you a little bit later in time. This is June 14, 2018, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And this is in response to you getting an email from them that had an attachment that says, Giuliani on possibility of Cohen cooperating on Mueller probe. It was on YouTube, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: If we can go to the next page, please, and then blow up from the middle of the page down, please

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Now, here this is Mr. Costello saying to you that, YouTube something you should see, Bob. And your response back on June 14, 11:21 a.m. was, why send this to me, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: We can take that down, please.

Todd Blanche: Now, I am going to show you B-1013, 1013, marked for identification.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Is that an email from you to Mr. Costello, same day, June 14th at 11:44 a.m.?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: We offer B-1013.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Document is received in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: If we can put that up on the screen and just blow up the top.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: This is an email from you to Mr. Costello talking about -- it looks like a different article that says, Trump's campaign to discredit Michael Cohen is already underway, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: That's what the title says? And you wrote to Mr. Costello, since we are sharing this morning, they are again on a bad path, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you were talking about President Trump and his team trying to discredit you, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And this was during that time when you were still -- you had not decided you were going to cooperate yet, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct. But you decided to cooperate shortly thereafter this time, within a month or so, is that right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, I am going to show you one more email, B-1014.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: Take a look at that and tell me whether you recognize it. Do you recognize that?

Michael Cohen: I do, sir.

Todd Blanche: That is another email from Mr. Costello to you on June 28th?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, we offer B-1014.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Document is received in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: If we can put that on the screen and just blow up the bottom portion.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: So, this is Mr. Costello's email to you on June 28th in response to what looks like a question from you, is that right, Mr. Cohen?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And what you wrote is, or what he writes to you is, the answer about why they haven't brought an action challenging Mueller, his investigation, and the Michael Cohen referral and investigation based upon the findings of the IG Horowitz Report. Do you see that right?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: So, he was answering a question that you had asked about what was going on in DC about the Mueller case and your investigation, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And is that MR.

Todd Blanche: We can take that down.

Todd Blanche: Mr. Cohen, is that consistent with your memory of the types of things you were talking about with Mr. Costello at that time?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, can you also put that same Exhibit back up, again, please? So, Exhibit 1014, and go to the second page at the top.

Note: [Displayed.]

Todd Blanche: You were also talking to him about who was going to pay for Mr. Costello, correct? And the reason why I ask that question, Mr. Cohen, is because it looks like the earlier email that we just showed you, you write to Mr. Costello, not sure what concerns, meaning what concerns you have, sir, other than nonpayment that you expressed that you told Mr. Costello about, and that was your lawyers had stopped getting paid, correct?

Michael Cohen: And McDermott Will and Emery. So, in the time that you started speaking with Mr. Costello in April, and now there had been a change in whether The Trump Organization was paying the lawyers, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And as far as you knew at the time, they had stopped?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, what had happened that caused you to write to Mr. Costello, nonpayment I expressed to you?

Michael Cohen: There was significant invoices that were being sent by McDermott Will and Emery to The Trump Organization for the payment, and the payment was not being made in accordance with the invoices. And you wanted Mr. Costello to talk to Mr. Giuliani about why that was happening, is that right?

Michael Cohen: I expressed to him that the nonpayment was becoming an issue, and, yes, to let Mr. Giuliani know to pass it along to President Trump that it is becoming an issue.

Todd Blanche: Right. That wasn't my question, Mr. Cohen. It is that you wanted Mr. Costello, in June of 2018, to communicate to Mr. Giuliani about the fact that the nonpayment was becoming an issue, correct?

Michael Cohen: To keep him advised, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You asked Mr. Costello to do that, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, I believe so.

Todd Blanche: Well, do you have any doubt that it was you who initiated that communication to Mr. Costello?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall if I asked him to reach out to Mr. Giuliani, other than I expressed it to him.

Todd Blanche: And then -- and this is late June. Is this around the time your relationship with Mr. Costello and his law firm ends?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: That you had been -- like we talked about, you met with him a couple of times and you were talking to them and emailing them all the way up to this time in June, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And those are privileged communications, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. You were seeking advice of counsel from Mr. Costello, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And he was giving you counsel as well, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: But you, to be sure, you never signed the Engagement Letter and you never paid because you didn't sign the Engagement Letter, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, you testified Tuesday and today, I believe, that in that 2017 -- well, in 2017, you made, approximately, how much money, not counting what President Trump paid you?

Michael Cohen: Approximately, $4 million.

Todd Blanche: So, approximately $4 million you made from your consulting agreements, correct? Is that what you are saying?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And then 35,000 from President Trump or from The Trust was another 420?

Michael Cohen: As reimbursement, yes.

Todd Blanche: We know what your view is about that.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: How about the month after -- so the year after. That was 2017. In 2018, the Stormy Daniels payment that you made is leaked in early 2018, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: How much money did you make in 2018?

Michael Cohen: When I said, approximately 4 million, it was from the '17 through the'18 period, I believe.

Todd Blanche: So did you stop making money when you pled guilty in 2018?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, we are talking about January of 2017 through the summer of 2018, you made four and a half million?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Was that the most money you had ever made in a 18-month period in your life?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: How much is the most money you made in an 18-month period in your life?

Michael Cohen: More than $5 million.

Todd Blanche: In an 18-month - period?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, when you -- in 2018, when you pled guilty, how did you make money between the time you pled guilty and the time that you published your book?

Michael Cohen: I did not. And during that time, is it correct that you paid back a lot of your taxes?

Michael Cohen: I paid the deficiencies of the taxes before sentencing.

Todd Blanche: So, that was my question. In between the time you pled guilty, and the time you published your book, you said you didn't have any income, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you had a lot of bills during that time, though, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: You had -- you paid your -- well, you just said deficiencies in taxes?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you had to pay lawyers?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And living expenses as well, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And then, since your podcast started and you published your book, so that's -- when did you start your podcast?

Michael Cohen: While I was on home confinement.

Todd Blanche: So, that was in 2020?

Michael Cohen: 2020. The fall of 2020?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Does September sound right?

Michael Cohen: October.

Todd Blanche: And you published the book September, same time period, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, since you started your podcast the fall of 2020, and wrote your book, how much have you made on a yearly basis until now?

Michael Cohen: In total between the books and the podcasts, about $4 million.

Todd Blanche: So, you testified last week that you made 3.4 million from your two books, is that right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, are you saying you made about $600,0 000 from your two podcasts?

Michael Cohen: Probably more since it started.

Todd Blanche: How much more?

Michael Cohen: A million dollars in total.

Todd Blanche: So, that would make it 4.4 million since the fall of 2020? Does that sound about right?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So, that's over a million a year, is that right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: How else do you make money?

Michael Cohen: I have one remaining piece of real estate that has a lease on to it so, the delta between the expenses on that unit and the rent.

Todd Blanche: And do you make money off of the merchandise that is sold on your behalf from your podcast?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Did you include that in the million, or is that separate?

Michael Cohen: It' included.

Todd Blanche: And then you testified about the TikToks, but you haven't made significant money off of that?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, you are also, a.m. I correct, pitching a TV show based upon your life, correct?

Michael Cohen: Not pitching it, but there is a television show.

Todd Blanche: Well, who is pitching it if it is not you?

Michael Cohen: A gentleman who used to be part of the Mea Culpa Podcast named Phil Alberstat in California. He's the one that came up with the idea and asked if he can send a crew to New York to film a potential piece of work.

Todd Blanche: But that's with your permission, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, when I said, you are pitching a TV show, I am not suggesting you are out pitching a TV show. There is a TV show being pitched with your permission about your life, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And, in particular, about your job, your self-given title as a Fixer, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: As a matter of fact, that's the proposed name of the show is Fixer, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And your expectation and hope is that if it gets picked up, you are going to make money, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Has it been picked up?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Juan Merchan: You want to take a break?

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: All right, Jurors. Let's take our morning recess. Please remember all of my instructions. I will see you in about 10 minutes.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors were excused.]

Juan Merchan: You can step down. You maybe seated.

Note: [Witness is excused.]

Note: [Recess is taken.]

Sergeant: Remain seated. Come to Order. Part 59 is back in session.

Lieutenant: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness entered the courtroom and was properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury, please.

Sergeant: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jury entered the courtroom and were properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Blanche.

Note: [Continued cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Mr. Cohen, when we took our break you were talking about the show, The Fixer. How long have you been working with the gentleman you described to try to pitch this show?

Michael Cohen: Approximately, three months.

Todd Blanche: And, three months, meaning the past three months?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: When was it?

Michael Cohen: It was after it was shot, maybe seven, eight months ago, then the next three months thereafter.

Todd Blanche: And are you also working on a third book?

Michael Cohen: I am considering a third book, yes.

Todd Blanche: And have you been paid any money upfront for that?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Are you negotiating to get paid for a third book?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: You recently said that you are actually considering a run for Congress, is that correct?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Todd Blanche: Is that true?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And did you tell a news article, a news reporter, that one of the reasons why you think you should run for Congress is because you have the best name recognition out there?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you said that because of your work and what you have been doing over the past several years, going after President Trump, correct, that's your name recognition?

Michael Cohen: I wouldn't characterize it that way. My name recognition is because of the journey that I have been on. Is it affiliated to Mr. Trump? Yes, not because of Mr. Trump. Well, the journey you have been on, at least for the past few years, has included daily attacks on President Trump. That's part of your journey, right, sir?

Michael Cohen: My journey is to tell my story, yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: That's not my question. My question was, whether your journey has been near daily attacks on President Trump, at least since 2020?

Michael Cohen: Sure. Sir, yes or no?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Todd Blanche: Now, you worked as President Trump's lawyer for more than -- what ended up being around 11, 10 and a half years, is that correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And during that time you said in your books, and you said publicly, that you believed that President Trump trusted you?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Trusted your counsel?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: His family trusted you?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: As far as you know?

Michael Cohen: As far as I know.

Todd Blanche: His wife trusted you?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And not just trusted you as President Trump's lawyer, but as their own lawyer, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: At least for those family members that you represented, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And along the way you have a traditional attorney-client relationship with President Trump, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And in some ways not traditional, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And he -- and in either scenario, he relied on your counsel, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, when you were working for him at Trump Org ., you were acting as his lawyer, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And part of your job as his lawyer was to give him counsel, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And discuss with him whatever he wanted to discuss involving legal issues, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, may we approach?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Susan Hoffinger: They are straying now, again, into advice of counsel, presence of counsel.

Juan Merchan: Where are you going with this, Mr. Blanche?

Todd Blanche: Judge, there is, putting aside the advice of counsel defense, which we are not making, never made and never claimed we were going to make, he was his lawyer. There is nothing, in my view, wrong with me asking questions about the trust and counsel that they had, not because we are going --

Juan Merchan: In what context? Where are you going with it? What is the context?

Todd Blanche: I mean, in summation I anticipate arguing that one of the reasons he should be

Juan Merchan: What is it

Todd Blanche: One of the reasons his testimony should be rejected is the breach of trust he engaged in. I have a right to establish --

Juan Merchan: You made that out. You can leave it. You made that out.

Note: [Discussion at sidebar concluded, and the following occurred in open court.]

Note: [Continued cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: So, when did you stop becoming -- when do you view your attorney-client relationship with President Trump as ending?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Did you -- so, going back, briefly, to the $420,000 that you were paid, the first three payments by the Trust and the remaining nine payments by President Trump from his personal account, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, the Stormy Daniels payment that you negotiated in October of 2016 was 130,000, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And the $20,000 that you paid back the Red Finch owner adds up to $150,000, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: The remaining -- the difference between that consists of the gross up and the $16,000 bonus that you claimed Mr. Weisselberg said you got, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, you received -- you testified that Mr. Weisselberg told you that that was being grossed up because you are in a 50 percent tax bracket, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But you didn't claim that $35,000 a month on your taxes?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, may we approach?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Susan Hoffinger: This has bean precluded by your decision very clearly. Whatever he did or did not do does not go to the defendant's intent.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, it is an additional $150,000 he stole from The Trump Organization. If you accept his testimony, he was entitled to a reimbursement.

Juan Merchan: You can say he stole money. You can talk about stealing money all you want. Once you start talking about filing taxes, you get into my ruling, and I already precluded that.

Todd Blanche: Okay. So I can ask him about whether he actually stole more money from the Trump Organization?

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Susan Hoffinger: That has been asked and answered.

Juan Merchan: It has.

Susan Hoffinger: I will object to asked and answered. He made a clear record.

Todd Blanche: That's regarding the Finch payment, not the $130,000 extra.

Susan Hoffinger: You asked about the gross up with regards to that.

Juan Merchan: You asked about it a number of times. I think it's best to just move on.

Note: [Discussion at sidebar concluded, and the following occurred in open court.]

Note: [Continued cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: So, while you were employed at The Trump Organization for the past five years or so, you were paid, including bonus, just over 500,000 a year?

Michael Cohen: Correct. And the money that you have made since 2000, okay -- so the money you have made since 2000 is a lot more than 500,000 a year?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And the money that you made in 2017 when you were President Trump's personal attorney greatly exceeded the 500,000 that you were paid every year by President Trump, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct. Now, you talked about, and this goes back to Thursday, but you talked about the fact that you actually have a financial interest in the outcome of this case, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, do you have a financial interest in the outcome of this case?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Because if President Trump is convicted that would benefit you personally, financially, right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Well, then, what is your financial interest in this case?

Michael Cohen: Whether or not -- when you say -- said, do I have a financial interest in this case, I may talk about it on my podcasts. I talk about it on TikTok, and they make money, and that's how I was viewing your question. Whether Mr. Trump is ultimately determined innocent or guilty is not going to affect whether I speak about it or not.

Todd Blanche: Well, I didn't ask whether it would prevent you from speaking about it. My question was, would you benefit financially from it? And this is different than what you said on Thursday, sir.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: The question to you today is, whether a conviction benefits you financially?

Susan Hoffinger: Asked and answered, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it. You can answer it.

Michael Cohen: The answer is, no. It doesn't?

Michael Cohen: It's better if he is not for me because it gives me more to talk about in the future.

Todd Blanche: Now, you also testified on Thursday that you are mad at President Trump, you blamed him, at least in part, for what happened to you, correct?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Todd Blanche: You said, and we played it for the jury, that revenge against President Trump is a dish that is --

Michael Cohen: Served best cold.

Todd Blanche: Best served cold, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you meant it when you said it then, correct? You meant it when you said it then?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: And you meant it when you just said it now?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. You also testified last week on Thursday that when you are placed under oath, but it affects your personal life, you are willing to lie, correct?

Michael Cohen: I am sorry. Say that again, please.

Todd Blanche: You are willing to lie under oath if it affects your personal life, correct?

Michael Cohen: Sir, I am not understanding your question.

Todd Blanche: Well, when you testified a few months ago in October in a different trial, the question was asked whether you would lie under oath if it affects your personal life, and you said, yes. Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: And then, I asked you that same exact question on Thursday. I asked you whether it was true that you are willing to lie under oath when it affects you personally and last Thursday you said, yes. And I am just asking you one more time today.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: This trial affects your personal life, doesn't it?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, you also said to this jury, but I want to make sure that I understand, that you would lie under oath out of loyalty, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Rephrase the question. When you lied to Congress, you said you were lying out of loyalty, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. Meaning, the reason why you lied is out of loyalty, and you said it is out of loyalty to President Trump, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, my question to you is, just restating that, it's true that you will lie out of loyalty, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Now, would you -- and your testimony remains the same as you gave it last Tuesday, that notwithstanding everything that you have said over the years, you have specific recollections of having conversations on the phone with then candidate Donald J. Trump about the Stormy Daniels matter, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. No doubt in your mind?

Michael Cohen: It's no doubt.

Todd Blanche: I have no further questions.

Juan Merchan: People.

Susan Hoffinger: Yes. Thank you, your Honor. May we approach for a moment, your Honor?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Joshua Steinglass: So, your Honor has made it clear many times that your rules and Motions in Limine are subject to the door being opened. And I think that Mr. Blanche opened the door wide enough to drive a truck through it on this Red Finch thing. Now --

Todd Blanche: What did you say?

Joshua Steinglass: The Red Finch issue, the money. As you know from your decision, I have a copy of the decision --

Juan Merchan: I am aware of it.

Joshua Steinglass: -- he elicited questions about there being cash in a paper bag and implied that there was something untoward going on, which, of course, was going on, but it was a payment for rigging the polls. I think that we are entitled to go into that. They are not allowed to use the ruling as a sword and that's exactly what they are doing.

Todd Blanche: Judge, absolutely not. I didn't ask questions about money in paper bags. Those were his answers. I asked him if he paid for it. That doesn't open a door.

Susan Hoffinger: You asked, all of that cash.

Todd Blanche: He said -- I said, how did you pay him? He said, I walked across the street to my bank, and I took out cash.

Juan Merchan: I remember the testimony.

Todd Blanche: I didn't ask that. It came out.

Juan Merchan: Sure. I will let you finish. Go ahead.

Todd Blanche: No, Judge, it can't be that I ask a question that just has him saying I paid $20,000, and the witness launches into a story about getting cash over three or four days and putting it in a bag.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Steinglass brought the issue up. I was expecting it. I was expecting it because you asked many questions about his $50,000, and the $20,000, and the $30,000, and you -- you did. You opened the door wide open. I am going to allow it.

Note: [Discussion at sidebar concluded, and the following occurred in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you.

Note: [Redirect examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Good afternoon, Mr. Cohen.

Michael Cohen: Good afternoon.

Susan Hoffinger: I just want to ask you some follow-up questions based on defense counsel's questions. Now, defense counsel asked you a question, and it was rather fast, but I want to ask it a little bit more slowly. He asked whether you testified falsely in Congress in 2019. Did you testify truthfully in Congress in 2019?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it in Congress in 2017 that you testified falsely?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am. That's what I thought he said.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it just a mistake then when you said yes, when he asked you about 2019?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you if you may have discussed other matters on the telephone calls in the morning of October 26th of 2016, with President Trump, meaning other matters, besides the Stormy Daniels matter. Do you remember that question?

Michael Cohen: I do. And you testified that you didn't have a specific recollection about talking about other matters, was that right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: But you did have a specific recollection about talking about Stormy Daniels' payoff to Mr. Trump?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: And that is because it was important to you at that time, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: So, is it possible that other matters may have been discussed on those calls, but you are sure that the Stormy Daniels matter was discussed?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you a lot of questions about how busy you were in October of 2016. Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. ma'am.,

Susan Hoffinger: Were you pretty busy all the time or just in October of 2016?

Michael Cohen: I was busy.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you too busy in October of 2016 to finalize the Stormy Daniels' payoff with Mr. Trump?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am. Were you too busy to get his approval to make that payoff?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, Mr. Blanche asked you about an email from Mr. Weisselberg, People's 260 in evidence. It was an email in January of 2017. Mr. Weisselberg asked you to send in that Agreement we were discussing. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you ever send Mr. Weisselberg a Retainer Agreement?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am. Why not?

Michael Cohen: Because it was no legal work that I was to be paid for. There was no Representation Agreement within which to send.

Susan Hoffinger: And was the $420,000 payment that you were owed as reimbursement, did that have anything to do with a Retainer Agreement?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: And so, ultimately, did Mr. Weisselberg just ask you to send invoices instead for the reimbursement payments?

Michael Cohen: Yes. Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, both on direct examination when I asked you, and also on cross-examination when Mr. Blanche asked you, he asked you about legal work that you did and other work that you did for Mr. Trump and his family in 2017. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And you said you did do some work for Mr. Trump in that year, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And you did do some work for his wife in that year?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you ever bill for that work?

Michael Cohen: No, ma, a.m..

Susan Hoffinger: And did the $420,000 reimbursement payments have anything to do with that work that you did?

Michael Cohen: No.

Susan Hoffinger: And in 2018, I asked you some questions about that as well. Did you do some work in 2018 for Mr. Trump?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you ever bill for that work?

Michael Cohen: No, ma, a.m.. By the way, did you ever get paid a dime for the work in 2018?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, Mr. Blanche asked you all about Consulting Agreements in 2017 and 2018 and other work that you did for other people. Did you ever tell Mr. Trump that you were only going to do work for him and never do any work for anybody else?

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Michael Cohen: No.

Susan Hoffinger: There was no such understanding, was there?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, Mr. Blanche asked you some questions about Red Finch. Do you remember the questions about the $50,000 owed to Red Finch?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you tell the jury exactly what the work was that Red Finch did for Mr. Trump?

Michael Cohen: Red Finch is a technology company that I had asked to assist in a CNBC poll, and the poll was regarding the most famous businessmen in like the last century, and Mr. Trump's name was on that list. And at the beginning of this poll, he was polling towards the very, very bottom, and it upset him. And so, he had me come to his office, and he provided me with a sheet of paper that showed it. I reached out to the gentleman from Red Finch who assured me that he was able to, through the acquisition of IP addresses, to create an algorithm that would ensure that Mr. Trump would rise and rise significantly into this poll.

Michael Cohen: And so, I had expressed what I had learned, and we talked about what number Mr. Trump wanted to finish. Of course, initially, he wanted to be number one, but we didn't think that that was a good idea because it would be -- of course, it would raise red flags. As long as we were in the top 10, we would go into another round.

Michael Cohen: And so, with Mr. Trump's permission, I advised the President, CEO of Red Finch, to start acquiring the IP addresses, and more IP addresses were needed because the volume was actually greater than what we had all anticipated. And so, we had to purchase more IP addresses, and then even more again, until, ultimately, when the poll came to its conclusion Mr. Trump was number nine.

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter Susan Pearce-Bates was relieved by Senior Court Reporter Theresa Magniccari.]

Note: [Whereupon, proceedings were continued from previous page.]

Note: [Continued redirect examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: And just as a reminder, did Mr. Trump say that he wouldn't pay Red Finch for that work that they had done to make sure that his name was higher in the polls?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he say why he wouldn't pay them?

Michael Cohen: He did.

Susan Hoffinger: What was it?

Michael Cohen: Because CNBC ended up not continuing and moving forward with this poll, and so he didn't feel that he had gotten the benefit of what the services were supposed to ultimately provide. And that, of course, was being Number 9. CNBC also had the right to some language, that they can take anybody out of the poll that they wanted to, and so Mr. Trump didn't feel that he got the benefit of what the funds were supposed to go to, despite achieving Number 9, and refused to make the payment.

Susan Hoffinger: So, Mr. Cohen, after some period of time, you felt pressure to make some payment to your friend, to your colleague?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And that's after the bills had been outstanding for Theresa Magniccari some period?

Michael Cohen: For some period.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, Mr. Blanche did ask you also about that extra $30,000 that you got from The Trump Organization for Red Finch, you paid your friend 20 but you took the 30. Why did you take that extra 30? Why didn't you just put 20 down on the list instead of 50?

Michael Cohen: For a long time I had been telling them about the $50,000, so I could have collected it for the President of Red Finch. I was angered because of the reduction in the bonus so I just felt it was almost like self-help. You know, I wasn't going to let him have the benefit this way as well. I wasn't going to correct the conversation I was having with Allen about it. I had not only protected him to the best that I could, but I had also laid out money to Red Finch like a year and a half earlier.

Michael Cohen: And, again, $130,000, to have my bonus cut by two-thirds was very upsetting, to say the least.

Susan Hoffinger: But you admitted on cross-examination that it was wrongful?

Michael Cohen: It was.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you last week some questions about the letter that your attorney Steven Ryan wrote for you in February of 2018 and submitted to the FEC in response to that complaint, do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's put up People' 1 Exhibit 201, please. Thank you. Put it up for everyone.

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: Defense counsel showed you this letter. Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: He highlighted the second paragraph and read that to you. Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: When he asked you about it, you said it was an omission?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: When I asked you about it on direct examination, you said it was also misleading and deceptive?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you explain to the jury why it was misleading and deceptive?

Michael Cohen: Well, the misleading deceptive line is neither The Trump Organization nor the Trump campaign was a party to the transaction with Ms. Clifford and neither reimbursed Mr. Cohen for the payment directly or indirectly.

Susan Hoffinger: So, what is omitted from in that paragraph that makes it deceptive?

Michael Cohen: The fact that it was paid for by Mr. Trump or the Trump Trust.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you intend for it to be misleading in that way?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we take a look at Paragraph 3 now and highlight a line that says, "The payment in question does not constitute a campaign contribution or expenditure."

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you see that line?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: When defense counsel was reading that line to you, you said "correct." Let me ask you the question: Is that a truthful sentence?

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: So, Mr. Blanche is looking at the transcript. Mr. Blanche read up through that line and he said correct, which I think left a misleading impression, which is, that he was saying that the sentence was correct. I am asking him if that was a truthful statement.

Todd Blanche: Judge, we're not allowing an expert to talk about what's a truthful statement. He is certainly not going to be able to say whether it was a truthful question.

Susan Hoffinger: That was the question.

Todd Blanche: That is not the question that I asked. Take a look at the transcript exactly. It was a series of questions about what was truthful, the entire letter. At the time what his testimony was, was everything truthful. Now, the People

Juan Merchan: You asked him: Was it truthful?

Todd Blanche: The whole letter.

Juan Merchan: That section of the letter and asked him, was this part truthful.

Todd Blanche: He is the witness talking about whether it was not truthful.

Juan Merchan: You asked the question. You asked him the question.

Todd Blanche: Before this question is answered, we should look at the transcript.

Juan Merchan: Look at it.

Susan Hoffinger: Page 3570. I have the wrong one. I apologize. It's 3963.

Todd Blanche: Okay.

Susan Hoffinger: You just said: Correct?

Todd Blanche: 3963

Susan Hoffinger: I have it right here.

Juan Merchan: Show it to me.

Susan Hoffinger: It's a small version. It's a little hard to read without my glasses. If you read that line: Is that correct?

Todd Blanche: I wasn't asking if it was truthful. I was asking if the letter said it.

Susan Hoffinger: That's why -- then he said a few seconds later, "Is everything that you said in the letter true?" It left a misimpression.

Juan Merchan: 3963. "But that is a true statement, right? "ANSWER: That is a true statement. "QUESTION: Meaning, you used your own funds to make the payments to Ms. Daniels? "ANSWER: Correct. "QUESTION: And neither The Trump Organization nor the campaign paid you back, right? "ANSWER: It was a party to the transaction or not" I am looking for the part where he asked whether it was a campaign contribution.

Juan Merchan: Do you have that?

Susan Hoffinger: Line 17 on 3963. "QUESTION: And that it doesn't constitute a campaign contribution or expenditure, and therefore the FEC lacks jurisdiction over the matter?"

Juan Merchan: What page is that?

Susan Hoffinger: 3963

Todd Blanche: 3963

Susan Hoffinger: If you want to look at it, I could hand it to you. It's underlined there, 3963, line 17.

Todd Blanche: I am asking if it's true.

Juan Merchan: On 3963, beginning on line 17. "And that it doesn't constitute a campaign contribution or expenditure and therefore the FEC lacks jurisdiction over the matter?" "ANSWER: Correct."

Todd Blanche: I was reading that it's correct, that the letter says that.

Susan Hoffinger: Exactly.

Juan Merchan: The People will have an opportunity to clean that up.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you. I thought you made your ruling, which is why I left.

Todd Blanche: Depending on the answer, we would ask for an instruction again. I am not sure how the witness is going to answer the question.

Juan Merchan: What is your proposed instruction?

Todd Blanche: If he says that it's not true, that he did commit a campaign violation, we would ask for the instruction that we asked for repeatedly that you gave, the fact that he said that he committed a campaign violation.

Susan Hoffinger: Is it your understanding at this point whether that's a false statement in the letter? That's why I am asking.

Emil Bove: That's why we want the clarification

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: The Court's version is on Page 3964.

Note: (Whereupon, the following occurred in open court:

Susan Hoffinger: Can we put back up the letter again, People's Exhibit 201.

Note: [Displayed.]

Note: [Continued redirect examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: And the line in Paragraph 3 that says, "the payment in question does not constitute a campaign contribution," do you see that line, Mr. Cohen?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me ask you: Was that a true statement?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Juan Merchan: Are you asking for an instruction?

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: All right. Jurors, you just heard the questions that were asked of Mr. Cohen and his response that it was not a true statement. Put it back up.

Susan Hoffinger: It was the third paragraph.

Juan Merchan: That the payment in question does not constitute a campaign contribution or expenditure, and Mr. Cohen responded that is not true. I remind you that Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to violating the Federal Election Campaign Act, but that evidence has been permitted to assist you in assessing Mr. Cohen's credibility as a witness and help provide context for some of the other evidence that has been offered.

Juan Merchan: You may consider that testimony for those purposes only. Mr. Cohen's plea is not evidence of the defendant's guilt. You may not consider it in determining whether the defendant is guilty or not guilty of the charged crimes.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you. Can we now put up People' 202 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recall, Mr. Cohen, that defense counsel asked you some additional questions about this document?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Is this a statement regarding the FEC matter that you released to the press?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you about one line in this letter, "Just because something isn't true doesn't mean it can't cause you damage, I will always protect Mr. Trump." Do you remember that question about that line?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you remember your answer of why you included that line, you said you wanted reporters to believe that it was true?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, in general, was the statement that you issued to the press overall, was it false or misleading?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why was it so?

Michael Cohen: Again, it goes back to the part about neither The Trump Organization nor the Trump campaign was a party to the transaction with Ms. Clifford and neither reimbursed me for the payment either directly or indirectly.

Susan Hoffinger: So what was missing?

Michael Cohen: Who made the payments, that's either the Trump Trust or Mr. Trump himself.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you intend it to be misleading in that way?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we please put up the line at the end of the second paragraph.

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: "The payment to Ms. Clifford was lawful and not a campaign contribution or campaign expenditure by anyone." Do you see that line?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was that truthful?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: Did Mr. Trump approve the substance of the false statements by you?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.,

Susan Hoffinger: And, in fact, had you provided the substance of this to Jay Sekulow, Mr. Trump's attorney?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we take that down and put up People's 216 in evidence. It looks like I have the wrong exhibit. Can you blow up the line that client says "thank you for what you do."

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: What was your understanding of what that was about?

Michael Cohen: It was about the sum and substance of the response that I just read.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you. You can take that down.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you some questions about whether NDA's or Settlement Agreements happen all the time. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And he asked you whether in a normal situation an NDA was perfectly legal, do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, I do.

Susan Hoffinger: You said it was?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Were the circumstances surrounding this NDA, your paying Stormy Daniels at Mr. Trump's direction and for the principal purpose of his election, was that perfectly legal?

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained to leading. Please rephrase.

Susan Hoffinger: Was the circumstances of this NDA that you testified to, was that perfectly legal?

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: I couldn't hear your answer.

Michael Cohen: Can you repeat it?

Susan Hoffinger: Under the circumstances of this NDA with Stormy Daniels that you testified to, was it perfectly legal under those circumstances?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: On August 21, 2018, did you plead guilty to making an excessive campaign contribution in violation of the Federal Election Campaign Act in connection with that payoff to Stormy Daniels?

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Michael Cohen: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: On Thursday I believe defense counsel read to you what you said at your hearing about the crimes of tax evasion and false statements to a bank, do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And he asked you what you said with respect to those charges, do you remember?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he ask you what you said under oath about making an excessive campaign contribution in violation of FECA when you paid off Stormy Daniels?

Todd Blanche: Objection. May we approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, they can't pick and choose which portion of the allocution to read, at 3801 and 3802 --

Juan Merchan: Go through the sections that he pointed out.

Susan Hoffinger: He specifically read to the witness his allocution of August 21, 2018, and had him say yes, that was what he allocuted to with respect to the counts of tax evasion and the count of false statements to the bank. But he did not read the allocution with respect to the payoff to Stormy Daniels and the payoff to Karen McDougal as being illegal campaign contributions.

Susan Hoffinger: He read that allocution. I think at this point we're entitled to read the allocutions.

Todd Blanche: Absolutely not. The reason why those were read is because he later said that he was lying under oath when he had made those statements. That's why we elicited that statement. That is perfectly legal and proper to elicit specific incidents where the individual has lied under oath. The only reason why I elicited those statements from him is the witness later on again in this courtroom said that those were lies under oath.

Todd Blanche: He was saying he didn't commit the crime. I wasn't picking and choosing which part of the allocution to read into the record, just the part of the allocution where he specifically said he lied. That's completely different than just letting them blast out that he pled guilty.

Juan Merchan: It's very, very prejudicial to allow it. So I am going to side with the defense.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred in open court.]

Susan Hoffinger: May we approach for a minute?

Juan Merchan: For the record, the objection is sustained.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: I just need a clarification of your decision. I could still ask him when he pled guilty to those two counts what was true then and what is true now. I am not reading the allocution. I could still do that. Given the questions that was just asked on that score, I think I should be able to. I am not going to read the allocution.

Juan Merchan: Look, arguably that would be fine. But I think it came out a couple of times. In an excess of caution, it's better to stay away from it.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred in open court.]

Note: [Continued redirect examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you last week, and I think today as well, about whether the outcome of this trial affects you personally. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: There were questions about your plea back in 2018 and how that affected you personally. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, I know it may feel like you are on trial here after cross-examination, are you actually on trial here?

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: Are you actually on trial here in this case?

Michael Cohen: No, ma am.

Susan Hoffinger: Are you a witness here?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Are you charged with any crimes in this case?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Is your liberty at stake in this case?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Is your wife's liberty at stake in this case?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Did we subpoena you to testify here?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: So, is that different -- is this situation here different from the situation you were in in 2018 with criminal charges brought against you?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: You want to explain the difference?

Michael Cohen: The other one, it was my life was on the line, my liberty. I was the defendant in that case. Again, here, I am just a nonparty subpoenaed witness.

Susan Hoffinger: And was there an issue about whether your wife might be charged in that case?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, one moment please. I want to clarify something. When you left The Trump Organization to become Personal Attorney to the President -- - withdrawn. You were asked questions about whether you would have a Retainer Agreement when you worked for a company. What's your understanding when a lawyer works for a company about whether one has to have a Retainer Agreement?

Michael Cohen: You're an employee, it's unnecessary.

Susan Hoffinger: To clarify, when you left The Trump Organization, you were no longer an employee but private counsel when you left in 2017?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you ever put together a Retainer Agreement for any work that you did for President Trump?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Why was that?

Michael Cohen: I never expected to get paid and --

Susan Hoffinger: Did you offer any -- did you ever bill for any services or work that you did for President Trump in 2017 or 2018?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Did the $420,000 that you received in 2017 have anything to do with legal services you provided in 2017?

Michael Cohen: No.

Susan Hoffinger: And when you submitted each of your 11 invoices to The Trump Organization stating that each was for services rendered for the month in question pursuant to a Retainer Agreement, was that true or false?

Michael Cohen: It was false.

Susan Hoffinger: And when you received those 11 checks from the Revocable Trust and from Donald Trump in response to those false invoices, was the stub and the stub attached to those checks which said retainer for the particular month, was that true or false?

Michael Cohen: It was false.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you were asked some questions about Mr. Costello, do you remember that?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you ever sign a Retainer Agreement with him?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Michael Cohen: I didn't trust him. I didn't like the way that he kept invoking Rudy Giuliani, and my concern was that anything that I would say to him would immediately go directly back to President Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you ever agree to pay him anything?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Is that why you didn't sign the Retainer Agreement also?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, in February of 2019, did you speak to some prosecutors at the Southern District about Mr. Costello?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did they have some questions for you about him?

Michael Cohen: They did.

Susan Hoffinger: And in order to answer those questions, did you sign a Waiver Agreement with respect to Mr. Costello so you could answer those questions?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we please put up for the witness, the Court, the parties only, People's Exhibit 504AT for identification.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize that document, Mr. Cohen?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: What is it?

Michael Cohen: This is a waiver document.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you sign it?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Who did you provide it to?

Michael Cohen: To your office.

Susan Hoffinger: Understood. But prior to our office in 2019, do you know who?

Michael Cohen: The Southern District of New York.

Susan Hoffinger: Is that an exact copy of the Waiver Agreement and is it signed by you?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: I offer that in evidence.

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: It's accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibit 504AT was received and accepted into evidence.]

Susan Hoffinger: Can we read that for the jury? First paragraph and then the second paragraph?

Michael Cohen: "I, Michael D. Cohen, hereby declare: One: I am the defendant in the above-captioned case. Number two: I was previously represented by the law firm of McDermott Will & Emery in connection with the investigation that preceded this case, the SDNY investigation, as well as in connection with investigations into alleged Russian influence in the 2016 Presidential Election.

Michael Cohen: During the period in which I was represented by MWE, I was approached by Robert Costello, Esquire, of the law firm of Davidoff Hutcher & Citron LLC. Costello sought to represent me in connection with the SDNY investigation and presented me with a Retainer Agreement. I declined to sign the Retainer Agreement and informed him I was already represented.

Michael Cohen: Although, I subsequently had several other conversations and communications with Costello, at no time did I sign a retainer or otherwise agree to retain Costello, nor did I ever consider Costello or any lawyer at DHC to be my attorney. Although, I do not believe that any of my communications with Costello or other lawyers at DHC are subject to attorney-client privilege, I hereby waive whatever attorney-client or other privilege that might be argued.

Michael Cohen: I have attached such communications.

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down. There was a last line there. I apologize.

Michael Cohen: "I have discussed the foregoing with my current counsel and am making this waiver knowingly and voluntarily." Signed on February 7, 2019.

Susan Hoffinger: So you waived any privilege you might have with respect to communications with Mr. Costello SO you could answer questions, is that right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Susan Hoffinger: You are able to answer questions here because you waived any privilege, is that right?

Michael Cohen: That's correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, defense counsel asked you some questions last week about some of your texts with people, texts with Keith Schiller, texts with other people that you know. You were asked today about some texts. They asked you some questions about phone calls, emails and conversations that you taped with various individuals.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you remember all those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And in January of 2023, when you surrendered your phones to our office voluntarily, did you understand that we would copy everything on those phones and turn over a copy of all that material to defense counsel?

Michael Cohen: Yes, I was advised.

Susan Hoffinger: You were aware that we did turn over all of that material to defense counsel?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, last week Mr. Blanche asked you some questions about your lawyer submitting an application in November of 2023 to a Federal Judge for early termination of your supervised release. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And he asked about your role in your lawyer's submission of some legal cases that turned out to be fake or not real cases. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And you explained some of what occurred to Mr. Blanche. Can you explain a little bit more about what happened ? Did you intend to mislead anybody about those Google Bard searches and providing those cases to your lawyer?

Michael Cohen: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you explain a little bit more about what happened?

Michael Cohen: Again, I went on to Google Bard, which is an AI search engine, and I typed in the query, "Second Department New York cases regarding early termination of supervised release" based upon certain factors. And it gave me a plethora of cases that appeared to me to be legitimate. They certainly looked legitimate.

Michael Cohen: There were facts behind it that supported what we were going to put in this upcoming motion. And so, after I just copied and pasted the first three because they were on point, I sent them over to my lawyer's office to review and incorporate into the document. I was just trying to be helpful. I didn't have any longer, whether it's Westlaw or LexisNexis.

Michael Cohen: Anticipating they would look it over, just to make sure that the information was accurate and correct and fit into the motion that was being put forth on my behalf, I ultimately also sent it to my current lawyer Danya Perry, and she noticed that these cases were not legitimate. They were created by the AI program which wanted to -- it wants to please the user.

Michael Cohen: So it created these hypotheticals. And Ms. Perry immediately notified me that they' re wrong and that we should notify the Court, to which I sent her "Absolutely, please do it." At which point, Ms. Perry went ahead and sent the letter to the Judge advising him that these three cases, the citations are inaccurate, and Ms. Perry even went so far as to then find three cases that were directly on point, just different names, different citations, but with the same underlying facts.

Susan Hoffinger: So your lawyer notified the Court that the cases were not accurate?

Michael Cohen: Yes, I authorized her to do that when she advised me that the citations were inaccurate.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you were questioned by defense counsel regarding a call at 8:02 p.m. with Keith Schiller and Mr. Trump on October 24, 2016. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we put up just please for the witness, the parties and the Court People's Exhibit 417B for identification.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize anyone in People's Exhibit 417B for identification?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Who do you recognize in that picture?

Michael Cohen: I recognize President Trump who is off to the right, and in the dead center Keith Schiller.

Susan Hoffinger: What is Keith Schiller wearing in the picture?

Michael Cohen: He is wearing a dark suit with a white shirt and red tie.

Susan Hoffinger: Your Honor, we offer that in evidence.

Todd Blanche: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred sidebar.]

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, this is a picture I believe of a rally on that same date, in Tampa, Florida. Now, there is a date on this somewhere, I presume, that says the date. That's inadmissible hearsay. There is no way that this witness can say that this document is -- that this picture is from a rally on that date. It's a complete violation of the laws.

Susan Hoffinger: I tell you what I am going to do, I skipped a step. I am going to offer one more picture which is going to also show again President Trump there on that date and ask if it's's a true and accurate representation of how Mr. Schiller and Mr. Trump looked in October 2016. If you wish, we can offer it subject to connection.

Susan Hoffinger: We have an additional witness who will testify.

Juan Merchan: What?

Susan Hoffinger: We have an additional witness who will testify how these screen shots from the video of the rally were obtained. We can do that. It would be subject to connection. If it's just for the purpose of identifying the --

Todd Blanche: The additional witness is a paralegal who is going to say they Googled it. It's 1 massive hearsay. You cannot admit into evidence for the truth of the photograph for a specific date based upon the paralegal Googling it.

Susan Hoffinger: He reviewed the audio tape. The tape was from C-Span. There's testimony how it's retrieved and how he reviewed the rally. These were screen shots.

Juan Merchan: Let's take our lunch recess and we can discuss this on the record.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Whereupon, the following occurred in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Jurors, I remind you of all of my instructions, including not to discuss the case either among yourselves or with anyone else. Please continue to keep an open mind as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. Please do not form or express an opinion as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. I will see you at 2:15. Enjoy your lunch.

Note: [Jury leaving courtroom.]

Note: [Witness leaving courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: I thought it would be easier to excuse the jury and discuss this out of the presence of the jury.

Susan Hoffinger: I am going to let Mr. Steinglass speak.

Joshua Steinglass: So, what the proffered exhibits are, 417A and B, are photos of the defendant together with Keith Schiller, that were taken on October 24th, at about 7:57 p.m., which shows that they're together. That is in response to any potential defense suggestion that maybe the call that took place on the night of October 24th between Mr. Cohen and Keith Schiller -- that the defense, should not be able to argue that Mr. Trump was not there and did not participate in the conversation or subsequent conversation during the same call.

Joshua Steinglass: So I believe that it takes three things to get this photo in. One is that, the witness has to identify the parties, which the witness has done. Two, we have to be able to establish how this was pulled from C-Span's archives, from their website, which we have a paralegal lined up to do. The third piece comes from C-Span themselves, when they testified earlier in this trial, the way they archive and produce case materials, which is enough to lay the proper foundation to admit the photos which proves that the defendant and Mr. Schiller were together at the time of that call on October 24th.

Juan Merchan: So you're offering it to establish the date and the time?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Do you have a copy?

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

Juan Merchan: Yes, Mr. Blanche.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, we never asked or implied that Mr. Schiller was or was not with President Trump on that day. What we argued and implied is that the phone call that was made was to Keith Schiller about a completely different topic than what the witness testified to on direct. So the first point that we somehow implied that President Trump and Mr. Schiller were not together, that was not our position at all.

Todd Blanche: It's not going to be our position. Secondly, and more significantly, both of these have the same hearsay problems that we argued, and your Honor didn't go with us, that the Tweets have. There is going to be a witness, apparently, that is going to testify that the only thing that matters about this entire exhibit is the date and time.

Todd Blanche: Okay. That's inadmissible hearsay. It's a business record. And that there was a C-Span witness, and the C-Span witness could potentially authenticate the documents, we don't know. They weren't supplied the documents. There was a ton of foundation laid about the exhibits they were shown that established, indeed, the rally took place that day, and they were perfectly comfortable asking a dozen questions or so, to lay a proper business foundation.

Todd Blanche: And so now they say, well, we laid the proper business for the exhibits that were offered a few weeks ago, we don't want to do that again, we're going to have a paralegal come and say they Googled it. That's an exception to the hearsay rule. That's not the rules.

Juan Merchan: Didn't the witness from C-Span lay the foundation? Didn't that witness testify to the functions and how they maintained the records and the liability, and how long they were doing it? Didn't he lay the foundation for how they were maintained.

Todd Blanche: Absolutely. They were kept in the archives. When he got the subpoena, he went to the archives and pulled the documents and confirmed they were accurate, which is what the rules require. It seems like it's neither here nor there. We all have Googled. The rules of evidence have to apply. You still have to establish a foundation that isn't met here.

Todd Blanche: Especially when one of these is not a picture of Mr. Schiller. One of them is. And the one that is, again, the only thing -- the only relevance at all about this is, again, the date and the time. And so, it's an out of court statement being offered for the truth of the matter asserted. Just like we said before, but it's even more poignant here.

Todd Blanche: It's inadmissible.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, so, there are a few points I would make here. First of all, I think if you go back and look at the C-Span testimony, which is on Page 1665 through 1667, there is a whole lot of detail about how the camera operator reports the events in realtime. And the camera operator has a business duty to do so accurately.

Joshua Steinglass: They try to record the entire event. They watch it from end to end to make sure there is no interruptions when it airs. This was not pulled off of Google. This was pulled off of C-Span's website. I believe we can satisfy the foundation requirements. It seems like Mr. Blanche is also making a kind of a relevance argument and saying that it's irrelevant to their arguments that Mr. Trump was together with Mr. Schiller at that time, and not just together, but that the speech ended at 7:57, that the defendant was giving that night.

Joshua Steinglass: They walked off the stage together at 7:57. That is not what the defense is getting at. It's certainly an implication that was raised by defense's questions. Who knows what they're going to say in their summation. We re entitled to establish -- I realize this is not wholly responsive to what happened to their arguments, what happened in the phone cal, it's certainly partially responsive for us to be able to prove that the defendant and Mr. Schiller were together at the time of this phone call.

Joshua Steinglass: And I think that relevancy is a low threshold. So I think there is some probative value to that. There is no prejudice. We can lay the proper foundation. That's all we have to do.

Todd Blanche: I was not making this argument. I was responding to the People's suggestion when we asked Mr. Cohen we implied that he wasn't with Mr. Schiller. There is no evidence of that. I have significant evidence that he lied under oath when he said he had a conversation with Mr. Trump that night. And that is what I crossed him on. That's the issue.

Todd Blanche: Now, it's not a relevance argument. It's an absolutely inadmissible hearsay argument. If your Honor looks at the testimony from the C-Span witness, including through Page 1668 and 69, there was multiple questions to this witness about how careful the process is to authenticate something that they record.

Todd Blanche: That's for good reason. The rules require it. It's not they require it for one rally video. It doesn't count for only this one in Tampa. It's the rules require it. It's not inadmissible.

Juan Merchan: I am sorry. I didn't follow that. He was very careful and he testified in great detail, why are you saying that that testimony does not apply to this rally?

Todd Blanche: Well, it applies to the process that he went through in responding to the subpoena to confirm that this record that this jury is going to see is a true and accurate business record of C-Span, not of C-Span's website as taken by a paralegal. There is a difference.

Juan Merchan: Give me an offer of proof as to what the paralegal would testify to.

Joshua Steinglass: Essentially, the paralegal will testify that they were on the official website of C-Span. They know how C-Span stores its videos. That this is based part on the familiarity with this case but also on the testimony of Dr. Browning that they were present for. And they will testify that they were able to retrieve this exhibit, and that this exhibit on its face shows that it's a first run, and it started at a particular time, and it ended at a particular time.

Joshua Steinglass: The C-Span representative testified that the videos are aired in their entirety. I mean, to me, to the extent that this -- that this is not a tight foundation, I think it is a pretty tight foundation. But if the two additional questions would be necessary, we can fly the C-Span representative back here to answer these questions.

Joshua Steinglass: But I think that the record as it exists now from the C-Span witness is perfectly sufficient.

Juan Merchan: What would be the two questions that you would ask the C-Span representative be?

Joshua Steinglass: I don't think we need to ask any of the C-Span rep. If Mr. Blanche believes the foundation is somehow insufficient based on everything that the C-Span rep already testified to and one or two more questions would have to be asked in regard to the particular video, I think we can do that. I believe that's an exercise in futility.

Juan Merchan: Let me ask Mr. Blanche why is the foundation that was laid by the C-Span representative, Dr. Browning, why is that foundation not good enough for this document?

Todd Blanche: There was no foundation laid for this document. Judge, whenever a witness who testifies as an exception to the hearsay rule that something is a business record, just because they establish the foundation that a particular document from an organization, or in this case a rally video, is a business record, doesn't mean that whatever else that company produced or whatever else we pull off the internet we can go and borrow those foundational questions.

Todd Blanche: I would say that probably applies to the video as well. It's not the way the rules of evidence work. By the way, I am sure that the People knew about this issue, we certainly did, before today. And so, they should have brought the witness back. I mean, it cannot be that there is a hearsay exception that applies that can easily be cured and that the People will say we tried once, we're not going to try it this time.

Juan Merchan: What are the pages of Mr. Browning's testimony?

Joshua Steinglass: It's Dr. Browning.

Juan Merchan: Dr. Browning. I am sorry.

Joshua Steinglass: I am not sure the pagination on the small version is exactly as your Honor. It's approximately Page 1665. All of his testimony starts on 1660 and goes to 1670.

Juan Merchan: I am not concerned. I think it's relevant. I want to look into the hearsay issue. We will discuss it after lunch. Enjoy your lunch.

Note: [Whereupon, the Court took a luncheon recess.]

Note: [Afternoon session.]

Sergeant: Remain seated. Part 59 back in session.

Juan Merchan: Before you went to lunch, we had a discussion regarding the People's proposal to introduce into evidence two videos, or at least stills taken from videos. The defense objected. Over lunch I did receive the People's submission, just Section 9.14 of the Rules of Evidence. Also, People v. Goldman, G-O-L-D-M-A-N. That is a Court of Appeals decision, 35 NY 3d 582. I had the opportunity to read through the testimony of Dr. Browning.

Juan Merchan: I wanted to see exactly what he had testified to and what kind of foundation he made. I was able to do that. So beginning on Page 1664, I will be jumping around a little bit. But Page 1664: "QUESTION: What is your position at C-Span? "ANSWER: Executive Director of the C-Span Archives. "QUESTION: How long have you held that position?

Michael Cohen: Thirty-seven years."" Page 1665: "QUESTION: Did you travel from Louisiana for the purpose of testifying today." "ANSWER: Yes. Yes, I did. "QUESTION: What is C-Span? "ANSWER: C-Span is a public television network to telecast events in their entirety. "QUESTION: As the Executive Director of the C-Span Archives, what do you do? "ANSWER: I mainly collect video that is aired on network." Page 1666: "QUESTION: Does the camera operator record the events in realtime as it is occurring? "ANSWER: Yes. That's the obligation." Next page. "QUESTION: Does the pool camera operator have a business duty to record that event accurately? "ANSWER: Yes, because C-Span wants the entire event. "QUESTION: How does C-Span ensure that the video that it is getting is the correct video? "ANSWER: Once the event is taking place, there is a producer who watches the video from the beginning to the end and makes sure there are no interruptions in the transmission. "QUESTION: Is the video camera equipment tested before an event? "ANSWER: Yes, they make sure there is a valid signal, they would say the signal is good. "QUESTION: That's a signal test? "ANSWER: Yes. "QUESTION: Is there also an audio test? "ANSWER: Yes, they will make sure that there is solid audio coming through the event. "QUESTION: While the video is being transmitted, does C-Span record it to its own servers in any way? "ANSWER: Yes, we make copies of the video as it is coming in. "QUESTION: Does C-Span save those videos? "ANSWER: Yes, in the video library, the C-Span archives. "QUESTION: Can you tell the jurors a little bit about the video library that C-Span archives? "ANSWER: The video library is an online collection of everything that is telecast on C-Span.

Michael Cohen: That is 278,000 digital hours a day. "QUESTION: And that is everything that is ever aired on C-Span? "ANSWER: That's correct. "QUESTION: It's still being maintained by C-Span? "ANSWER: That's right. "QUESTION: Is it the regular course of business for C-Span to record and save those videos?

Michael Cohen: Yes, it is. "QUESTION: Now, at some point did C-Span receive a document subpoena from the Manhattan District Attorney's Office requiring the company to turn over video recordings of events featuring Donald Trump? "ANSWER: Yes, it did. "QUESTION: Did C-Span comply with its legal obligations to turn over the subpoenaed videos? "ANSWER: Yes, it is. "QUESTION: Are you the one that retrieved the videos in response to the subpoena?

Michael Cohen: ANSWER Yes, I was. "QUESTION: Can you tell the jury how you identified those videos? "ANSWER: Well, subpoena indicated the videos that were requested, including what we call the URL of the video. But we would verify that each video -- that it matched the subpoena -- what the subpoena was. "QUESTION: Did you confirm that the videos were, in fact, events featuring Donald Trump as identified in the subpoena? "ANSWER: Yes, we did. "QUESTION: Did you transmit exact copies of videos to the Manhattan District Attorney's Office without making any alterations, deletions or changes? "ANSWER: Yes, I did. "QUESTION: Before testifying today, did you have the opportunity to review files marked for identification as People's Exhibit 409A through 409D? "ANSWER: Yes, I did. "QUESTION: Are all of those files video clips of videos that C-Span produced to the Manhattan District Attorney's Office? "ANSWER: Yes, they were." Line 17: "QUESTION: For each of those clips, did you review both the full video and the video clip and confirm that the clip is an exact copy of the portion of the longer video?" "ANSWER: Yes, I did." The People offered into evidence Exhibits 409A as in Apple to 409D as in Dog. First, I appreciate the case law that was referenced by the People during lunch recess.

Michael Cohen: I believe it's distinguishable from what we have going on right here now. I also do agree that certainly the proffered evidence is relevant. However, I don't see how the People can get past the hearsay objection. The testimony that was offered by Dr. Browning was a foundation. One, he's highly qualified, and gave foundation for the exhibits that we were going to be accepting, to whom those exhibits were going to be introduced.

Michael Cohen: He didn't lay the general foundation for any and all videos. This goes for some videos that came in through him. To suggest that a paralegal or anybody else can now take the stand and based upon Dr. Browning's testimony state that they are now qualified to testify as a records custodian and authenticate the video would mean to suggest whoever was here when Dr. Browning testified would be equally qualified do the same.

Michael Cohen: I don't think we can say that. So the objection is sustained. Those images are not going to come in as offered. Anything else?

Joshua Steinglass: We accept your ruling, but I think that may mean that we want to bring the C-Span rep back so he could confirm the business records status of that video. So we're making arrangements to try to do that.

Juan Merchan: Give me a timeframe.

Rebecca Mangold: We just reached out to them. We can update you at the end of today of the timeframe. We asked them to be available as soon as possible.

Joshua Steinglass: The Court has the inherent authority to kind of control the order of proof that takes place in the trial. I don't think there is any reason this has to hold up the defense case or any other witnesses that we have. I will just cite two quick cases on this point. People v. Hinkley, which is 178 A.D. 2d 800, which says, "The statutory order of trial, CPL Section 260.30, is not a rigid framework.

Joshua Steinglass: The trial Court maintains its commonlaw discretionary power to alter the order of proof, at least up until the time the case is submitted to the jury."" So, that's one cite. This is pretty well established. I will give a couple of quick cites. Court of Appeals, People v. Olsen, 34 N.Y. 2d 349. And --

Juan Merchan: I know I have the authority. I know it's discretionary. I will hear from the defense.

Todd Blanche: We very much object. We're, presumably, within a few minutes of the People resting the case. We have witnesses here. There is a likelihood that we will rest today. So, the People have known about this issue. Well, I don't know how long they have known about this issue, but certainly as of last Thursday it was something that was elicited on cross-examination before lunch.

Todd Blanche: So, here we are on Monday, and they're about to rest and they're asking, I guess, for an opportunity to see if this witness can come back. We very much object. We have a witness in the back, that depending on how the rest of the cross goes, and assuming we call the witness, we have another short witness.

Todd Blanche: We anticipate resting as well. At least as of now. We would object and ask that the Court not allow the trial to just go on.

Juan Merchan: People, why wasn't this taken care of sooner?

Joshua Steinglass: Well, Judge, we learned of this over the weekend and have been making diligent efforts to move forward on this. Frankly, we thought that the -- I understand your Honor's ruling. I think it certainly was our position that the foundation that was set forth by Dr. Browning was sufficient to do this through this witness, through not only through the three pieces that I articulated before lunch.

Joshua Steinglass: I don't want to characterize your Honor's ruling. I understand it. I will certainly follow it. I think we have more than a good faith basis to believe it was going to come in. It doesn't seem like Mr. Blanche is going to contest the fact they were together. I am not sure why we're jumping through all the hoops.

Joshua Steinglass: I understand the rules of evidence apply. They have the right to put us through our burden. They don't have to stipulate, for example, that Mr. Schiller was together with Mr. Trump on that date and time. Although, it does not sound like they're contesting that. That being said, we're doing the best we can to get this witness here as quickly as possible.

Joshua Steinglass: Hopefully, that will be tomorrow morning.

Juan Merchan: All right. Are you objecting to letting the People finish out this witness and put on your case and then we adjourn to tomorrow morning and call this witness?

Todd Blanche: Very much so.

Juan Merchan: What is the prejudice?

Todd Blanche: The prejudice is the sequence of events. The People rest or we take witnesses out of turn just because we happen to have witnesses here. To allow for the People to try to get a witness here by tomorrow morning to testify about something that there was testimony about last week, your Honor -- and I accept that this fact wasn't learned until over the weekend, but the call was made, apparently, over lunch to see if the witness can come out.

Todd Blanche: This isn't a new fact. Presumably, the People prepped Mr. Cohen on this phone call. And I don't -- this is patently unfair in our view for the Court to allow the People, given an obvious ruling on the admissibility of a picture -- of a picture on redirect, to allow them to stop, to presumably rest or not rest, make us decide if we want to put on a case before they rested for no reason.

Juan Merchan: I am not going to make you put on your case before they rest. What I could do is simply adjourn until tomorrow.

Todd Blanche: There have been multiple days where we had to end early because the People are out of witnesses. There has been scheduling issues. That happens in a trial. I don't contest that. Here we are now where, literally, the People are going to rest, and now they want more time to try to get a witness here tomorrow about something that was had on cross.

Todd Blanche: That's not the way the trial is supposed to work, Judge.

Juan Merchan: People, I would like you to take a minute and see if she can be here 9:30 tomorrow.

Joshua Steinglass: We reached out and we're waiting to confirm.

Juan Merchan: Let's recess and get back to me in a few minutes.

Note: [Recess.]

Juan Merchan: People, what did you find out?

Rebecca Mangold: Your Honor, we were able to reach C-Span. They are booking travel right now in order to be available at 9:30 tomorrow morning. They stress the travel is not booked yet. But they are preparing to do that.

Juan Merchan: Anything else, Mr. Blanche?

Todd Blanche: No. Just our continued objection. This will be fifth or sixth time we're going to apparently run out of witnesses for the day. We have witnesses here, ready to go, and we think the decision that your Honor made, that a witness has to come and testify about this shouldn't then be immediately compromised by giving the People more time to get the witness.

Joshua Steinglass: That is wrong. We haven't broken early five or six days early. I can remember we broke one day early for a private medical matter that we shared with the Court. That is just wrong. The testimony of this witness is so narrow that none of the proffered defense witnesses spoke to it. There is no particular reason why we couldn't keep going on. If Mr. Blanche wishes to do that or if your Honor has indicated a willingness to adjourn the case until tomorrow and let Mr. Blanche put on his case tomorrow, that is also fine.

Joshua Steinglass: Essentially, the ball is in Mr. Blanche's court.

Juan Merchan: I remember stopping early one time for medical reasons. Look, if scheduling were an issue, if time were of the essence, I would agree with you, Mr. Blanche. We agreed this morning that we are basically going to have a week down. We're sending the jury home for a week to do nothing. So, there is no prejudice to anyone that I can see whatsoever.

Juan Merchan: Clearly, it's up to you. You can present your case out of order or once we finish with Mr. Cohen we can adjourn to tomorrow morning. The witness has to be here at 9:30. The witness has to take the stand at 9:30. If that doesn't happen, we're going to proceed. And after the People rest and you put on your case, we're going to have our charge conference, what we discussed this morning.

Juan Merchan: The plan that we came up with this morning and agreed to remains the same. After tomorrow, after the charge conference, you will get the proposed jury charges I believe Thursday, hopefully. We 11 be adjourned to Tuesday next week for summations. There is no prejudice to anyone.

Todd Blanche: May I have two minutes to talk to my team and my client?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Brief pause.]

Joshua Steinglass: I think we may be able to move this process along.

Juan Merchan: Tell me.

Joshua Steinglass: I think, if I understand what we agreed about, the exhibit will come in through Mr. Cohen. We will not call a paralegal, and we'll agree to the following stipulation: The parties have agreed that People's Exhibit 417B is a still photograph taken from the end of the video which concluded at 7:57 p.m. on October 24, 2016. And we'll just have to ask one more foundational question about whether it's a fair and accurate depiction of the way Mr. Schiller appeared in October.

Joshua Steinglass: Then we'll put the exhibit in through Mr. Cohen and we'll read the stipulation, and then the exhibit won't be coming in for the timestamp on the exhibit, but the stipulation will cover that.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Blanche, you consent to that?

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: I understand it's a strategic decision. Have you discussed this with your client?

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So maybe we will read the stipulation after we move it into evidence, after we move the exhibit into evidence.

Juan Merchan: That's fine. Let's get the witness, please.

Note: [Witness entering courtroom.]

Note: [Jury entering courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: The jury is present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Jurors, thank you for your patience. We were just taking care of some legal matters. I thank you for your patience.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you.

Note: [Continued redirect examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Good afternoon, Mr. Cohen.

Michael Cohen: Good afternoon.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we put up just for the witness, the Court and counsel People's Exhibit 417B.

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: Mr. Cohen, do you see the picture?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Before lunch you testified that you recognize Keith Schiller in that picture, is that correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Wearing a red tie?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And also Mr. Trump in that picture?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Does this photograph fairly and accurately depict the way Keith Schiller and Mr. Trump appeared in October 2016?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Your Honor, I offer in evidence now People's, Exhibit 417B.

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibit 417B was received and marked into evidence.]

Susan Hoffinger: The parties have agreed that People's Exhibit 417B is a still photograph taken from the end of a video. The video concluded at 7:57 p.m. on October 24, 2016. It's signed by both the prosecution and the defense today, May 20, 2024.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Mr. Cohen, you testified that you believe that you spoke to both Mr. Trump and Mr. Schiller on that call on October 24, 2016, at about 8:02 p.m. Do you recall that?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: During this time period in October of 2016, did you have a number of conversations with Mr. Trump about resolving the Stormy Daniels matter?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: And were some of those conversations in person?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Were some of those conversations by phone?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Were some of those conversations longer and were some shorter?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Approximately, how many conversations would you say that you had with Mr. Trump about the Stormy Daniels matter just in October of 2016, if you can approximate?

Michael Cohen: More than 20.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, did you review materials like your phone records and texts and emails before you testified?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: How did reviewing those materials assist you in recalling some conversations?

Michael Cohen: It helped to refresh my memory.

Susan Hoffinger: And do you recall the general substance of the conversations with Mr. Trump?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: For example, do you have any doubt that you had a conversation with Mr. Trump in which he told you in substance to work out the Stormy Daniels payoff with Allen Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you have any doubt that, in fact, you did work that out with Allen Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: Yes

Susan Hoffinger: Meaning -- I am going to correct the record, I am going to go back. Do you have any doubt that you had a conversation with Mr. Trump that you should work it out with Allen Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: No doubts.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you have any doubt that you did, indeed, work it out with Allen Weisselberg?

Michael Cohen: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Meaning, do you have any doubt?

Michael Cohen: No, none at all.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you have any doubt in your mind that Mr. Trump gave you the final signoff to go ahead and make the payment before you went to the back to complete that?

Michael Cohen: No doubt.

Susan Hoffinger: Would you have paid Stormy Daniels the $130,000 had Mr. Trump not signed off?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Michael Cohen: Because I wanted to ensure that I was going to get my funds back.

Susan Hoffinger: And as you sit here, do you have any doubt in your mind that Donald Trump also said that he would make sure that you got paid back?

Michael Cohen: He said that.

Susan Hoffinger: Would you have made the payment if he did not?

Michael Cohen: No, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, Mr. Cohen, have you had a chance to review the audio recording of one of your telephone calls with Keith Davidson on October 26, 2017? That's's People's Exhibit 265 in evidence. Have you had a chance to listen to that recording?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you had a chance to also review the transcript of that call which is People's 267 in evidence?

Michael Cohen: I don't recall if I did.

Susan Hoffinger: You don't recall one way or the other, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Well, let's do this, let's play the clip then for the jury, please, People's Exhibit 265. Let's play a portion of the clip from 11 minutes and 13 seconds to 13 minutes and about 4 seconds. We can put up a transcript while you are listening.

Susan Hoffinger: Let us know if the transcript is accurate in terms of what you hear on the call.

Susan Hoffinger: The transcript is People's Exhibit 267 and the call is People's Exhibit 265. We need someone to let us allow it to play. We are having a little bit of a technical difficulty. Are you able to play it? Can you make it louder on your end? Thank you. I think we're having an issue. Can we take a break and see if we can fix it?

Juan Merchan: All right, jurors, I apologize. Let's take a short break.

Note: [Jury leaving courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: You may be seated. You can step out.

Note: [Witness leaving courtroom.]

Note: [Recess.]

Note: [Witness entering courtroom.]

Note: [Jury entering courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: The jury is present and properly seated.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you, Judge. Can we now play the clip from People' Exhibit 265?

Note: (Whereupon, audio clip was played in open court.

Juan Merchan: One second. Are you supposed to have a transcript?

Susan Hoffinger: I think the transcript is supposed to be on the screen.

Michael Cohen: It is not. Now it is.

Note: [Whereupon, audio recording played in open court and the transcript was displayed.]

Note: (Whereupon, Theresa Magniccari, Senior Court Reporter, was relieved by Laurie Eisenberg as Senior Court Reporter.

Note: [Whereupon, an audio exhibit is played in open court and an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Susan Hoffinger: Mr. Cohen, does that transcript accurately reflect the conversation you had on the phone, that conversation with Mr. Davidson?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you mean when you told Keith Davidson, "I can't even tell you how many times he said to me'I hate the fact that we did it,, and my comment was'Every person you've spoken to told you it was the right move, I'll who were you referring to? What were you referring to? What was it about?

Michael Cohen: I was referring to the payment to Keith Davidson that I made on behalf of Mr. Trump for the Stormy Daniels matter, for the Non-Disclosure Agreement.

Susan Hoffinger: Who was it you were referring to when you said that, "He said to me'I hate the fact that we did it, I' who was the "he"?

Michael Cohen: Mr. Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, at the time of this call, which was October of 2017, were you still in the process of being repaid monthly by checks --

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: -- from Mr. Trump for the $130,000 payoff to Stormy Daniels?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am. Laurie Eisenberg, CSR, RPR Senior Court Reporter

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down.

Susan Hoffinger: And you were Personal Attorney to President Trump at the time?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, Defense Counsel has asked you a lot of questions about how you've profited off of writing books and speaking publicly in podcasts about Mr. Trump. Do you remember those questions?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Putting aside financial matters, putting that to the side, how has telling the truth about what you did with Mr. Trump affected your life, just briefly?

Michael Cohen: My entire life has been turned upside-down as a direct result. My -- I lost my law license, my businesses, my financial security, which I was fortunate enough early to have been able to retain my family's happiness, which is probably paramount, just to name a few.

Susan Hoffinger: One moment, please.

Note: [Whereupon, the People confer.]

Susan Hoffinger: Have there been certain attacks that you faced as a result?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: Personal attacks?

Michael Cohen: Yes, ma 1 a.m..

Susan Hoffinger: Without describing them, have there been any affects on both you and your family?

Michael Cohen: Very much.

Susan Hoffinger: I have nothing further.

Note: [Recross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Mr. Cohen, you were asked a question a minute ago about your life being turned upside-down because you decided to change your view about Mr. Trump, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Sustained?

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: You were just asked questions about the consequences of your conduct, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you said that you lost your law license, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Is that President Trump's fault?

Michael Cohen: In part.

Todd Blanche: You pled guilty to tax crimes, correct?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Todd Blanche: And you pled guilty to making false statements to a bank, correct?

Michael Cohen: As I previously said, yes.

Todd Blanche: Did President Trump have anything to do with that?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: And is one of the reasons why you lost your license to practice law because of those felonies?

Michael Cohen: No. Not because of those. Because of the totality, including the campaign finance violations, two counts, as well as the U.S.C., the 1001, lying to Congress.

Todd Blanche: So, "the totality". So, my question to you: Is one of the reasons that you lost your license to practice law because of those tax crimes and because of the false statements to a bank, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Asked and answered.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: As a matter of fact, when you're convicted of a felony in New York, no matter the felony, you automatically lose your license to practice law, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: But, you still blame President Trump "in part" you said because of that, is that right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now, if we can put up the Waiver that you were shown on redirect, 417B, I believe. Can you take a look at that when it shows up on your screen.

Todd Blanche: This can be shown to everybody. It's in evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Todd Blanche: That's the Waiver that you were just shown on redirect, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: This is a Waiver that you signed when you were talking to the SDNY Prosecutors, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: It was to allow them to speak with Mr. Costello about conversations that Mr. Costello had had with you, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: If we can turn to the second page. Just blow up the top ten lines, please.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screen.]

Todd Blanche: You write: "Although I do not believe that any of my communications with Costello or other lawyers at DHC" -- which is Mr. Costello's law firm?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: -- "are subject to attorney-client privilege, I hereby waive whatever attorney-client or other privilege that might be argued to have attached to such communications " You signed that, right?

Michael Cohen: I did.

Todd Blanche: Earlier this morning, you said that you understood that your communications with Mr. Costello were privileged, right?

Michael Cohen: At the time, yes.

Todd Blanche: When you made that, correct?

Michael Cohen: [No response.]

Todd Blanche: Meaning, when you had communication with Mr. Costello, you thought it was privileged, right?

Michael Cohen: My communications with Mr. Costello that were sent to me contained attorney-client privilege. And so, yes, I accepted it for what he wanted.

Todd Blanche: So, when you write here when you signed this Waiver and said you don't believe that any of the communications with Costello are subject to the attorney-client privilege, that's different than what your testimony is today, is that right?

Michael Cohen: No, sir. I think it's the same.

Todd Blanche: Today, you don't believe any of your communications were privileged?

Michael Cohen: To the extent that they were, I was waiving them. But, at the time, I did not believe them to be. I was appeasing what Mr. Costello --

Todd Blanche: At which time did you not believe them to be privileged, at the time that you signed the Waiver or the time you were talking to Mr. Costello?

Michael Cohen: The time I signed the Waiver.

Todd Blanche: So, at the time you were talking to Mr. Costello, you believed they were privileged?

Michael Cohen: I accepted that he wanted them to be attorney-client privilege.

Todd Blanche: So, do you -- you were just asked a couple of questions about a photograph of a rally on October 25th. Do you remember those questions just a few minutes ago?

Michael Cohen: I do.

Todd Blanche: That showed then-Candidate Trump with Keith Schiller, is that right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection to the date. You said 25th.

Todd Blanche: Sorry. October 24th of 2016, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: I misspoke. Now, Mr. Schiller, at the time, was the bodyguard of President Trump, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And as his bodyguard, did he travel with him, more or less, every day during the campaign?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. So, if there was a rally, no matter the day, no matter the time, Mr. Schiller would be there, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And so, when that rally ended around eight o' clock, your testimony is still -- just so I understand -- is still that in that 90 seconds, you spoke with Mr. Schiller about the problem you were having with a 14-year-old, got him to agree to take care of it, told him you would send him the number, which you did, but also have Mr. Schiller pass the phone to Candidate Trump and update Mr. Trump on everything that was going on, that's your testimony?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir.

Todd Blanche: Got it. So, early on in redirect, Ms. Hoffinger said that when you spoke this morning about lying to Congress in connection with the 2019 testimony, you misspoke. Do you remember that question and that answer?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: Well, did you -- did you lie to Congress in -- on February 27, 2019?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: When you testified and when you wrote in your statement that you never asked for, nor would you accept a pardon from President Trump, you're saying that was not a lie?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: So, in 2016, you made $425,000 from The Trump Organization, correct?

Michael Cohen: [No response.]

Todd Blanche: What I mean by that, your base salary, plus you only got a $50,000 bonus, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, that's $425,000, right?

Michael Cohen: Correct, sir. In 2017, you were paid $420,000, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: 35,000 a month, correct?

Michael Cohen: Yes, sir. And I know that you were saying that that was just a repayment, but during that time, to be clear, you were President Trump's Personal Attorney the entire year of 2017, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: Now -- but your testimony is that the $420,000, the $35,000 per month retainer or payment that you received was not for your legal services, it was to pay back the money that President Trump owed you, right?

Michael Cohen: Yes. I've classified it as a reimbursement.

Todd Blanche: It was a reimbursement? It wasn't a payment for your services?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So, in all, you worked for President Trump, I believe you said, for around 11 years, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct. Did he overpay for things regularly?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: Did he happily write checks to lawyers, for example?

Michael Cohen: No, sir.

Todd Blanche: One of the first things that you said you had to do when you started working at The Trump Organization was to bring a lot of bills down, and I think you said 20 percent is what folks got paid, right?

Michael Cohen: No. What you' re referring to was for Trump University where people accepted 20 percent. It's different than for the legal fees.

Todd Blanche: Oh. Understood. Sorry. Legal fees is one thing. This is different vendors that were owed money for Trump University, correct?

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you made phone calls, and every time you got one of them to pay just 20 percent, you said you had marched into President Trump's office and you told him, you reported --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: My question is -- and you understand that in 2016, when he was running for election, he spent somewhere around 70 million of his own money on the campaign, correct?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: So, of all the time, the 11 years that you worked for President Trump, do you recall him -- except for the payment that we're talking about now, the 420,000 -- do you recall him ever just willingly overpaying for something?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Michael Cohen: No. That's the first time that I recall Mr. Trump paying for any NDA.

Todd Blanche: That's when he repaid you or reimbursed you, according to your testimony, the $130,000, correct?

Michael Cohen: Along with the other items, yes.

Todd Blanche: Along with the other 20,000 for Red Finch, correct?

Michael Cohen: Well, it 1's not 20, but -- yes.

Todd Blanche: It was 20. You charged him 50.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Todd Blanche: I have no more questions, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Anything else?

Susan Hoffinger: Nothing, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, sir. You can step down.

Michael Cohen: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: People?

Joshua Steinglass: Your Honor, the People rest.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, please approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Juan Merchan: I wanted to confirm with you before I ask you in the presence of the jury whether you intend to present any evidence.

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor. We also move for an immediate acquittal. We can do that at the end of the day. I don't want to take the jury's time. We anticipate calling two witnesses. The first, our paralegal, five minutes or so, and then Mr. Costello.

Juan Merchan: Do you think you'll be done by 4:30?

Todd Blanche: If Mr. Steinglass talks quickly, yes.

Juan Merchan: To the extent we can finish at 4:45 or 5:00, we can do that.

Susan Hoffinger: We need cross of Mr. Costello.

Juan Merchan: That's why I'm saying if you need to go longer, I'm willing to do that.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Mr. Blanche, does the Defense wish to present any evidence?

Todd Blanche: Yes. The Defense calls Daniel Sitko.

Note: [D-A-N-I-E-L S-I-T-K-O, having first been duly sworn and/or affirmed by the court clerk, was examined and testified as follows.]

Court Officer: State your full name for the record, spelling your last name.

Daniel Sitko: Daniel Sitko. S-I-T-K-O.

Court Officer: County of residence.

Daniel Sitko: New York.

Note: [Direct examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Good afternoon. Where do you work?

Daniel Sitko: I work for Blanche Law.

Todd Blanche: You work for me?

Daniel Sitko: I do.

Todd Blanche: You're a paralegal?

Daniel Sitko: I am. You've been in court. Generally speaking, what is your job?

Daniel Sitko: Um, I assist attorneys in whatever comes up. A lot of it, as a defense firm, is reviewing discovery, which is evidence produced in a case, summarizing it, helping with filings, researching stuff, editing motions.

Todd Blanche: This past Friday, so three days ago, after trial ended on Thursday, were you asked to do anything?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. I was asked to create a Summary Chart of phone calls.

Todd Blanche: What did you do to accomplish that task?

Daniel Sitko: So, I looked in the People's Exhibit 400 for the phone logs for Mr. Cohen's phone number ending 0114. I looked for contacts or -- contact between that phone number and three phone numbers associated with Robert Costello. So, anyone that may have appeared in that phone log, I would copy and paste certain information, like the time the phone call was made, how long the phone call lasted, the date, into an Excel spreadsheet.

Todd Blanche: So, you created an Excel spreadsheet?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Todd Blanche: I'm going to show you, the Court, and the parties what I marked for identification as B101A.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens of the witness and the parties.]

Todd Blanche: Is this the Excel spreadsheet you created?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Does it accurately reflect, with the exception of redactions, the information that you reviewed from the phone records you just described?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, we offer B101A, a Summary Chart.

Susan Hoffinger: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, Defense Exhibit B101A is received in evidence.]

Todd Blanche: If we can put that on the screen.

Note: (Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.

Todd Blanche: Looking at the top of the first page, can you just explain the Call Summary and walk through the headers, Mr. Sitko?

Daniel Sitko: Sure. So, at the top, it was the two participants that we -- that I culled the calls for, one being Mr. Cohen and the second being Mr. Costello. Right below his name on the right side of the page is a number that appeared in Mr. Costello's email signature on People's Exhibit -- I think it was, um, 206 and 204. I might have the numbers a little wrong.

Daniel Sitko: But, associated with his law firm. The first column on the left is "Call Number". That just is a way to keep track of which call in the chart we're referring to. Second is "Date". Um, the third is the time that the call was made in the call logs. I adjusted that from -- on the call logs it appeared in UTC. I adjusted it to be 12-hour time and also Eastern Time.

Daniel Sitko: The fourth column is call "Duration". The fifth and sixth columns are the identity that correspond to the seventh and eighth columns, which is the redacted phone numbers that appeared in the call logs. I got those identities, um, again, from the exhibits that have been admitted, including numbers that appeared in Mr. Costello's email signature.

Todd Blanche: It looks like the first call, for example, the duration is 0000. Is that true of a handful of the calls?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Do you have an understanding of what that means?

Daniel Sitko: That means that the call was not answered.

Todd Blanche: So, if we can back this out and go to the end of this chart.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Todd Blanche: Do you know how many calls there were, in total, including the ones that went unanswered?

Daniel Sitko: Seventy-five, in total.

Todd Blanche: Did you know whether there were several calls that were longer than half an hour?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. I believe there were six calls that were longer than half an hour.

Todd Blanche: If we can back this out and go to call 48.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Todd Blanche: That just means, Mr. Sitko, that's the 48th call between the Costello numbers and Mr. Cohen.

Daniel Sitko: Yeah. That's the 48th call that appeared in the call logs.

Todd Blanche: The 48th call appears to be on May 27th, and it appears to last 96 minutes, from Mr. Cohen to Mr. Costello?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. Do you know what day that was, May 27th, 2018?

Daniel Sitko: May 28th was Memorial Day. So, this would be the Sunday before that, the day before Memorial Day. So, Memorial Day weekend.

Todd Blanche: And then, separately, do you know what day Labor Day was in 2016?

Daniel Sitko: Yeah. So, Labor Day was September 5th in 2016.

Todd Blanche: Okay.

Todd Blanche: I have no further questions, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Your witness.

Rebecca Mangold: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Cross-examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Good afternoon, Mr. Sitko.

Daniel Sitko: Good afternoon. You and I have encountered each other before, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yeah. We've seen each other.

Rebecca Mangold: We worked on the same case?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And you created this chart in Defense Exhibit B101A based on the underlying phone records?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. In People's Exhibit 400.

Rebecca Mangold: And within People's Exhibit 400, you said you pulled the records for Mr. Cohen's phone number ending 0114, right?

Daniel Sitko: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Those records are provided by AT&T?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Those AT&T records are already in evidence, but they're under seal, right?

Daniel Sitko: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we pull up Exhibit E1018 for the parties on the screen.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Rebecca Mangold: The Defense team has had the records contained in People's 400 since mid-2023, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please zoom in on the top third of the page.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you see the rows indicated there that it says the caller is DHC?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. Is that -- does that correspond to the notation at the top of the chart for Davidoff Hutcher & Citron LLP?

Daniel Sitko: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there a way to tell, based on those phone records, who at DHC was the caller, or is that just the general firm line?

Daniel Sitko: It's the general firm line. From the records, there would be no way to tell who, specifically, made those calls.

Rebecca Mangold: And looking now at -- I think Mr. Blanche noted that there are -- we can zoom back out -- a number of entries in the chart where the duration is 0000?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And you said those are instances where the call was not answered, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. That's my understanding.

Rebecca Mangold: And do you remember when Mr. Blanche asked Mr. Cohen on cross: Would it surprise you to learn that you actually communicated on the phone, either Mr. Cohen calling Mr. Costello or Mr. Costello was calling Mr. Cohen, up to 75 times?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And is that 75 number based on this chart you prepared?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. Now, looking at the originating number --

Rebecca Mangold: We can zoom in on the top. Maybe row 12.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Rebecca Mangold: Just for the record, I'll note that I believe what we've put up now might be an earlier version of the exhibit that we received without row numbers.

Rebecca Mangold: Mr. Sitko, is that consistent with your understanding?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. I believe so.

Rebecca Mangold: Okay. Do you see where there's a line that says 0000, DHC, that top row right there from 4-16-2018?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Just below that, with almost the exact same timestamp, I believe -- so, the first call, zero minutes is timestamp under 4:34:26, and the following call, dated the same time, has a timestamp of 4:34:27, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: That indicates that that call was 45 seconds, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And then on the right, where it has the originating number, it has both the 7200 number, which is the law firm's main number, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. And then there's a second number below that, 3595, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what that number indicates?

Daniel Sitko: I -- my understanding is that number indicates that was forwarded to a voicemail, and that's a number associated with a voicemail inbox.

Rebecca Mangold: So, is that a voicemail that was left after the previous -- as part of that same call indicated above?

Daniel Sitko: Yes. I believe so.

Rebecca Mangold: Okay. So, there are certain calls on this chart that are double counted, right? There's first -- like the one we're looking at here, the first one with the missed call, that gets its own row. Then, the second one is the voice call for that same call. So, it's really just one call?

Daniel Sitko: Yeah. And I believe your paralegal testified that these are made from how the call bounces off of AT&T towers?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: That's how the records are displayed in AT&T records?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: But, there are 75 rows in the chart, right?

Daniel Sitko: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: So, are all of those 75 rows separate times that Mr. Cohen's number connected with Mr. Costello's number? Is your understanding there was an actual conversation, or could it be a missed call, a voicemail, or an actual connection between the two?

Daniel Sitko: Yeah. So if Mr. Cohen and Mr. Costello had made a push call, it could be reflected in two different lines on this for the same call.

Rebecca Mangold: So, the total number of conversations, that was less than 75?

Daniel Sitko: Conversations, yes. Certainly.

Rebecca Mangold: I have no further questions.

Juan Merchan: Anything further?

Todd Blanche: No redirect.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. You can step down.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: Your next witness, please.

Todd Blanche: The Defense calls Robert Costello.

Susan Hoffinger: We need to approach before.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: The general rule is extrinsic evidence by way of witness testimony is not permitted on collateral matters. My understanding is they're calling him purely on matters of credibility with respect to Mr. Cohen. The general rule is, you can't admit the witness on credibility. You're stuck with the witness' answers.

Susan Hoffinger: In the alternative, if what they're doing is saying there are some prior inconsistent statements, meaning that Mr. Costello is going to offer two prior inconsistent statements by Mr. Cohen, the testimony would be limited just to those two statements. I say "two statements" because I've taken a look at the transcripts.

Susan Hoffinger: I've taken a look at the transcripts, and there are only two questions where Mr. Cohen said he didn't recall. That was the extent of it. Everything else, he admitted each and every question that Mr. Blanche put to him with respect to Mr. Costello. We don't think Mr. Costello's testimony should be admitted.

Susan Hoffinger: But, if it is, it should be limited only to those two statements.

Emil Bove: We, respectfully, disagree. This testimony is being offered, in part, to admit prior inconsistent statements through the testimony. But, more importantly, it's being offered to rebut the Government's theory of a pressure campaign by President Trump in 2018. We moved prior to trial to preclude that evidence.

Emil Bove: It came in, we understand. So, we're offering this as a significant part of our defense, to rebut the suggestion from Mr. Cohen that his interactions with Bob Costello were some kind of way for President Trump to get to him, to apply pressure. That was the general thrust of his testimony. He said that in specifics.

Emil Bove: They offered emails about this. So, Mr. Costello is going to explain his relationship with Michael Cohen, from his perspective, to rebut the Government's theory on this issue.

Susan Hoffinger: This is really about Michael Cohen's state of mind. That's the purpose of what you admitted it for, which is why he didn't tell the truth for a very long time. He said repeatedly he did not tell the truth to Mr. Costello. At no time did he tell him why. So, your Honor said that that evidence would not be permitted for consciousness of guilt for Mr. Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: What we're talking about here is Mr. Cohen's state of mind, and you ruled that that was admissible for that purpose.

Emil Bove: Our position -- and we're seeking to bring this out through the testimony of Mr. Costello -- is that Mr. Cohen lied about his interactions with Bob Costello, and he lied about his state of mind in this timeframe, and that he very much wanted to be in touch with Rudy Giuliani, to put questions to the President, to try to extract information about the investigation.

Emil Bove: This is very much a rebuttal of what the Government believed, before they opened, was an important part of their case. And it also goes to the credibility of the star witness. And it' admissible for all these reasons. I understand, I would expect with any witness we take it question by question to some extent.

Emil Bove: Generally speaking, our theory of admissibility is to rebut this pressure campaign concept and to put into evidence that whatever is being said today about Mr. Cohen's state of mind, what he said was his state of mind in 2018 was false, because Mr. Costello will say it's false.

Susan Hoffinger: Mr. Cohen admitted he reached out to Rudy Giuliani. What it's being admitted for is to rebut the credibility of Mr. Cohen. It's not admissible for that purpose. He's not entitled to elicit opinion testimony about the credibility of Mr. Cohen.

Juan Merchan: We should have discussed this before. I'm going to excuse the jury.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: I apologize. I'll ask you to step outside for a few minutes.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are excused.]

Juan Merchan: Again, I do wish we had discussed this earlier. People, let me hear your objections, your concerns.

Susan Hoffinger: Sure. Your Honor, again, to say that -- Mr. Costello, it appears, is being brought in to provide extrinsic evidence to rebut a witness' testimony on collateral matters, and the general rule is that you re stuck with the witness' answer on those matters that affect solely credibility. To the extent that defense is offering statements by Mr. Costello as prior inconsistent statements of Mr. Cohen, then we would say if his testimony is admitted, which we believe it should not be, if it's admitted, it needs to be limited and restricted only to those prior inconsistent statements.

Susan Hoffinger: They, re not entitled to elicit from Mr. Costello his opinions about Mr. Cohen's credibility. They should be restricted just to the two questions, frankly, that Mr. Cohen testified that he didn't recall. All he said was that he didn't recall. He didn't recall Mr. Costello telling him in the first meeting that he could or should cooperate against President Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: He didn't recall -- he didn't recall the words, saying that he didn't -- that he said to Mr. Costello he had nothing on President Trump. But, you will recall that he testified several times that he did not tell the truth to Mr. Costello. He absolutely did not tell the truth. He knew it would get back to Mr. Trump through Mr. Giuliani.

Susan Hoffinger: So, I think there's very little testimony that would be permissible, if at all. We move for the testimony to be precluded. But, if it's admitted, it should be on a very narrow basis.

Emil Bove: As I said at sidebar, this testimony, to me, is being offered to rebut the Government's argument about a supposed pressure campaign from President Trump. And I think you just heard a little bit about it, which is that it's the Government's theory and it was Michael Cohen's testimony that he was too concerned about the possibility that information that he provided to Mr. Costello in a privileged setting would get back to the President.

Emil Bove: We opposed the offer of all of that type of evidence prior to trial. The Government put it in. We provided notice days ago of our intention to put Mr. Costello on. There's no mystery here. What we're seeking to do is to counter that evidence. I'm not going to elicit -- of course I'm not going to elicit Mr. Costello's opinion of Mr. Cohen's credibility.

Emil Bove: I am seeking to elicit many facts about the way that their engagement worked between April of'17 and the Summer of -- excuse me -- April of 2018 and the Summer of 2018 that bear on things that Mr. Cohen said. For example, he said: I never agreed to retain them. This issue about: I was concerned that I couldn't say things because they would get back to the President.

Emil Bove: The idea that Mr. Costello was pestering him, instead of it being the other way around. All these issues, we didn't bring it up. We didn't think this should be admissible. They brought it up. Now we're seeking to offer evidence to respond to an argument they made in their opening and they put in through Mr. Cohen.

Emil Bove: In terms of prior inconsistent statement evidence, what I expect Mr. Costello to say is different from what Michael Cohen said. What Michael Cohen suggested is he sat at the Regency Hotel, at this meeting with Mr. Costello and Jeff Citron, and omitted information because he was concerned if he said certain things, they would get back to the President.

Emil Bove: That's not Mr. Costello's recollection of that conversation at all. What Mr. Costello recalls is Mr. Cohen saying President Trump did not know about the statement -- excuse me -- the payment to Stephanie Clifford. That's extremely probative of the core issues in this case. It's not collateral at all. It goes to the heart of the Government's theory.

Emil Bove: So, both in terms of evidence of prior inconsistent statements that we will be offering through Mr. Costello -- that's somewhat limited -- and, also, I think, more importantly, to rebut the Government's pressure campaign theory. That's why this testimony is admissible. You know, I understand the objections.

Juan Merchan: You don't think the pressure campaign theory is collateral?

Emil Bove: Not at all, Judge. They didn't just ask a guy questions about this. They put in exhibits. They asked how the relationship went. The whole purpose of this was to make President Trump sound threatening, to make it sound like he was interfering with the investigation.

Juan Merchan: I don't think so. I think the reason for it was to explain why at one point he said one thing and at another point he said something else. That doesn't go to the elements of your defense. It doesn't go to your client's guilt or innocence, necessarily. It goes to the credibility of Mr. Cohen.

Emil Bove: Judge, for the Government to be suggesting -- they're basically suggesting that it includes, through that Tweet in I believe it's April 2017, that they juxtaposed against email traffic with Mr. Costello, the Government suggested to this jury that President Trump was tampering with this witness. That is their theory of what the pressure campaign was.

Emil Bove: They elicited from Mr. Cohen how he felt about these things as they're going on. We --

Juan Merchan: How can Mr. Costello testify as to what Mr. Cohen felt?

Emil Bove: He can't. He can testify about what Mr. Cohen said and what Mr. Cohen did. There's many, many examples at this trial where even witnesses who were not a party to a communication were allowed to offer a lay witness opinion --

Juan Merchan: For state of mind, yes.

Emil Bove: So, in that sense, that witness' opinion is admissible with respect to Mr. Cohen's state of mind, in the same way it's admissible with respect to any other time.

Juan Merchan: I disagree Mr. Costello can testify to Mr. Cohen's state of mind. I'll consider some of your other arguments. I disagree with that.

Emil Bove: Mr. Costello can testify what he understood communications to be. That's all I'm saying. In the same way many other witnesses at this trial have done.

Susan Hoffinger: I think you have our point at this point. The only other piece is that rebutting the so-called pressure campaign, which, as your Honor knows, that was not our purpose in putting this in, it was for Michael Cohen's state of mind and why he didn't tell the truth for a long time. Rebutting the pressure campaign should be part of their direct case.

Susan Hoffinger: It's not impeachment. They didn't put this witness on their witness list as a direct witness. We didn't get, for example, exhibits that we were supposed to get. We got them recently in terms of Mr. Cohen, and they might use them with Mr. Costello, too. We heard this morning he was coming. They let us know a couple of days ago he might.

Susan Hoffinger: That's direct, not impeachment. The question is whether he's allowed for prior inconsistent statements. I suggest anything else, Retainer Agreements, whether he paid him, or anything else that's lateral and collateral, he shouldn't be testifying to that. If it's a prior inconsistent statement, his attention should be drawn to the exact statement, and his testimony should be limited to that.

Emil Bove: Part of what Mr. Costello is going to do is explain that certain things that Cohen testified about at this trial were false. Things like Cohen's testimony that there was never an agreement, even verbal, that Mr. Costello would represent him. Things like that, where Mr. Costello is providing direct evidence of perjury at this trial, are never collateral, Judge.

Emil Bove: That's what we're seeking to lay out.

Susan Hoffinger: It's, entirely collateral, your Honor.

Emil Bove: That he committed perjury is collateral?

Juan Merchan: I'm going to take five minutes. Don't leave the courtroom.

Note: [Whereupon, the Court exits the courtroom, and a pause is taken in the proceedings.]

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky relieves Senior Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Whereupon, the Court resumes the bench and the proceedings continue.]

Juan Merchan: So, Mr. Bove, you can definitely cross-examine as to the two prior inconsistent statements, obviously. And I will give you some latitude to explore the pressure campaign so that you can elicit some inconsistencies, so you can offer some rebuttal of Mr. Cohen's testimony. But I'm not going to allow this to become a trial within a trial as to whether or not there was, in fact, this pressure campaign and how it affected Cohen.

Juan Merchan: That's not the purpose of this trial, and I don't want it to become that. As far as the retainer issue, that's collateral. We don't need to go into that at all. Okay. All right. Let's get the jury, please.

Emil Bove: Should we get the witness first, Judge?

Juan Merchan: No. The witness has not yet been sworn in.

Court Reporter: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Jury enters.]

Juan Merchan: You may be seated.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continues. All members of the jury are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, please call your next witness.

Emil Bove: The Defense calls Robert Costello.

Court Reporter: Ready for the witness, your Honor?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Court Reporter: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, Robert J. Costello, enters the courtroom and steps up to the witness stand.]

Court Reporter: Watch your step.

Robert Costello: Thank you.

Court Reporter: Remain standing. Raise your right hand and face the court clerk.

Note: [R-O-B-E-R-T J. C-O-S-T-E-L-L-O, a witness called on behalf of the People, having been first duly sworn was examined and testified as follows.]

Court Clerk: Thank you.

Court Reporter: Have a seat, please.

Robert Costello: Thank you.

Court Reporter: State your full name, spelling your last name.

Robert Costello: Robert Costello -- that's awfully loud. Robert J. Costello.

Court Reporter: Spell your last name.

Robert Costello: C-O-S-T-E-L-L-O

Court Reporter: Please give your county of residence.

Robert Costello: County of residence is Nassau County.

Juan Merchan: You may inquire.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Direct examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Good afternoon, Mr. Costello.

Robert Costello: Good afternoon.

Emil Bove: Where do you work?

Robert Costello: I'm sorry?

Emil Bove: Where do you work?

Robert Costello: I'm a partner in a law firm of Davidoff Hutcher & Citron.

Emil Bove: How long have you been at that firm?

Robert Costello: About seven years.

Emil Bove: And prior to your work at the law firm, did you have some Government service?

Robert Costello: I did.

Emil Bove: When, approximately, was that?

Robert Costello: 1975 to 1982.

Emil Bove: And describe your service for the jury, please.

Robert Costello: I was an Assistant United States Attorney in the Southern District of New York, right down the block. I was in'81 and'82, I was Deputy Chief of the Criminal Division there.

Emil Bove: And so, you were a Federal Prosecutor in Manhattan, right?

Robert Costello: Yes, I was. Do you know somebody named Michael Cohen?

Robert Costello: I do.

Emil Bove: When, approximately, did you meet Cohen?

Robert Costello: I met him exactly on April 17th, 2018. Did you meet with him in person that day?

Robert Costello: I did.

Emil Bove: Where was the meeting?

Robert Costello: At the Regency Hotel in Manhattan. And I was accompanied by Jeff Citron, one of my law partners, who knew Mr. Cohen.

Emil Bove: Now, did you consider your conversation at the Regency Hotel that day to be subject of the attorney-client privilege?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: Absolutely.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Can the answer be stricken?

Juan Merchan: And the answer is stricken.

Emil Bove: Who was at the meeting at the Regency Hotel?

Robert Costello: Michael Cohen, Jeffrey Citron and myself.

Emil Bove: Did the topic of potential cooperation come up?

Robert Costello: Yes, it did.

Emil Bove: What was discussed?

Robert Costello: Well, first Michael Cohen explained his situation, because I had never met Cohen before, so I had no idea what was going on, that his home and his law office had been searched pursuant to a search warrant. And he was absolutely manic at the beginning and throughout the two hours of that meeting, marching back and forth, pacing.

Robert Costello: We were in a conference room on the second floor of the Regency Hotel. And he kept on pacing back and forth, left and right, while myself and Jeff were seated. And, after he explained what was going on, he said: My life is shattered. My family's life is shattered. I don't know what's going to happen. He said: I really want you to explain to me what my options are.

Robert Costello: What's my escape route? That's the phrase he used.

Emil Bove: So, was cooperation one of the options that you described in response to that question?

Robert Costello: Absolutely it was.

Emil Bove: What did you tell Mr. Cohen that day?

Robert Costello: I explained to Mr. Cohen that when he described the search warrants, I pointed out that a search warrant of a law office is much more difficult to get than a search warrant of any other place.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. What was your view that day about whether or not Michael Cohen should cooperate?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: What instructions did you give Mr. Cohen with respect to cooperation?

Robert Costello: Okay. I explained -- I explained to Mr. Cohen that it was obvious that he was not the target of the search by the Southern District of New York, that they thought that he had committed some crimes --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. I just want to stay narrow on the topic of cooperation and the instructions that you gave Michael Cohen.

Robert Costello: Okay. I explained to Michael Cohen that this entire legal problem that he was facing would be resolved by the end of the week if he had truthful information on Donald Trump and cooperated with the Southern District of New York.

Emil Bove: And what, if anything, did Michael Cohen say about President Trump at that point in the meeting?

Robert Costello: He made the same statement that he made about 10 or 12 times that day, quote: "I swear to God, Bob. I don't have anything on Donald Trump."

Emil Bove: Did the topic of Stormy Daniels come up?

Robert Costello: It did.

Emil Bove: What, if anything, did Cohen say about Stormy Daniels during the meeting?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Robert Costello: He began by saying: "I don't understand why they're trying to put me in jail for some F'ing NDAs " which is a Non-Disclosure Agreement. He then said, "I did an NDA with Stormy Daniels." So, I asked him to tell me about what the circumstances were, how was he involved.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you strike the answer?

Juan Merchan: The last answer is stricken, yes.

Emil Bove: Did Mr. Cohen say anything about President Trump in connection with the Stormy Daniels part of the conversation?

Robert Costello: He did.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: May I be heard, Judge?

Juan Merchan: No. Please continue.

Emil Bove: Did President Trump's family come up?

Robert Costello: Yes, it did.

Emil Bove: What did Mr. Cohen say about President Trump's family?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Please approach.

Note: [At Sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: Mr. Steinglass would like to be heard.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. Respectfully, this is exactly what you just told him not to do. If he's going to be impeaching Mr. Cohen by prior inconsistent statement, the law is extraordinarily clear on this. The witness' attention has to be specifically called to the prior inconsistency, and he has to be given a chance to explain it. Only if he maintains the inconsistency or he says he doesn't remember is impeachment by a prior inconsistent statement by a collateral witness permitted.

Joshua Steinglass: There were two instances where that happened. One, Mr. Bove just covered. We are going way far afield of that. This is not a general: Everything that Mr. Cohen testified, did he tell you something different, did he tell you something different, did he tell you something different. He would have had to confront Mr. Cohen with those inconsistencies and say: Did you tell Mr. Costello, X, Y and Z on this date, and then Cohen would have had to have denied it, and then it would be permissible.

Joshua Steinglass: It is not permissible to have a wholesale of everything that Mr. Cohen said --

Emil Bove: That's not what I'm trying to do, Judge. I'm trying to get to the specific statement that Cohen made that President Trump did not know about the payment to Stormy Daniels, which is not --

Juan Merchan: Well, why don't you just get to that.

Emil Bove: I'm trying.

Juan Merchan: Because right now what's happening is you are asking these questions, and he's going off, and he is telling a story. And I am going to sustain the story.

Emil Bove: May I lead him then? May I lead?

Juan Merchan: Just get to the question that you want to ask.

Susan Hoffinger: One question you have -- one question you've already gotten to. There is only one more.

Juan Merchan: That's it.

Note: [Sidebar concluded.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Mr. Costello, we are still focused on the April 17th, 2018 meeting at the Regency. And I want to focus very narrowly on whether Cohen said anything about whether President Trump knew about the payment to Stormy Daniels?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: What did he say about that specific topic?

Robert Costello: Michael Cohen said, numerous times, that President Trump knew nothing about those payments, that he did this on his own. And he repeated that numerous times.

Emil Bove: Was Rudy Giuliani discussed at this meeting?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it. You can answer.

Robert Costello: His name came up, very briefly. Just in the fact that I had been a student assistant of his back in the early'70s. Other than that, we didn't discuss him.

Emil Bove: I would like to bring up, Mr. Bernik, Government Exhibit 203 in evidence. If you can zoom in on the email, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: Do you see this email?

Robert Costello: I do.

Emil Bove: And is this an email that you sent to Mr. Cohen two days after the meeting on April 19th?

Robert Costello: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Why did you send this email to him?

Robert Costello: Because it was announced that day in the newspapers and on TV that Rudy Giuliani was joining Donald Trump's legal team.

Emil Bove: And if we can take a look now at the context around that email by bringing up Defense Exhibit B1003 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: And let's start by zooming in on the 6:45 p.m. email.

Robert Costello: Right, I see it.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: Now, that's the same email we were just looking at, correct?

Robert Costello: It is, yeah.

Emil Bove: And, now, let's look at Mr. Cohen's response at 7:36 p.m.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: Do you see where Mr.. Cohen wrote back to you, "Have great news for Rudy?"

Robert Costello: Yeah.

Emil Bove: What did you understand him to mean?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: Do you see where Mr. Cohen wrote, "I have been working with lawyers all day?"

Robert Costello: Correct.

Emil Bove: What did you understand him to mean?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Robert Costello: He was working with McDermott, Will & Emery, a Washington law firm, and they were going over the evidence that had been seized pursuant to the search warrants and, presumably, they were selecting documents that might be claimed to be attorney-client privilege or work-product privilege.

Emil Bove: Did Mr. Cohen ever say anything to you about not being able to retain you because he had retained the McDermott firm?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: Not directly, he complained --

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Can the answer be stricken from the record, your Honor?

Juan Merchan: That answer is stricken from the record. When I sustain an objection, you don't need to answer it.

Emil Bove: Did there come a time when there was a verbal -- there was a conversation about retaining you between you and Cohen?

Robert Costello: Sure. Many times. I would like to focus on the period of around April 19th and 20th of 2018. Do you remember a conversation about retention?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, Judge.

Robert Costello: Not off the top of my head.

Emil Bove: Well, what do you recall about this general topic?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: The issue was that --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: I'm sorry.

Susan Hoffinger: Move to strike it.

Juan Merchan: The answer is stricken.

Emil Bove: Now, if we could take a look at Government Exhibit 204 in evidence, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: If we can zoom in on the email and the header, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Robert Costello: Right. I see that.

Emil Bove: Now, this is a message that you sent to Michael Cohen on April 21st, right?

Robert Costello: That is correct.

Emil Bove: And do you see the subject line? It says "Giuliani.".

Robert Costello: Yeah, "Giuliani," right.

Emil Bove: And in the message you wrote, "I just spoke to Rudy Giuliani and told him I was on your team?"

Robert Costello: Yes, I did.

Emil Bove: And Cohen instructed you to do that?

Robert Costello: He did.

Emil Bove: Do you see at the end of this email where it says, "He said thank you for opening this back channel of communication and asked me to keep in touch?"

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: Is that -- that term, "back channel," is that a term that Mr. Giuliani used?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Move to strike, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Stricken.

Emil Bove: What had Michael Cohen said to you about how to communicate with Rudy Giuliani?

Robert Costello: He told me that I was authorized to tell Giuliani that my firm was, quote, "on the team," that's the phrase that he used, but that we weren't going -- he wasn't going to announce it publicly, so although I could tell Giuliani and Giuliani could tell anybody else associated with the President, he wasn't supposed to tell the media, and that's why he used the term "back channel"

Emil Bove: And were there some times when --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Emil Bove: Were there some times when Michael Cohen instructed you to ask questions of Rudy Giuliani?

Robert Costello: Correct.

Emil Bove: What types of questions?

Robert Costello: He wanted to know how the investigation of Michael Cohen began. He wanted to know whether it was a referral from Washington. How did it get to the Southern District of New York, which is the Federal Court right down the street here. And he wanted me to ask Giuliani if Giuliani knew.

Emil Bove: So, Cohen was trying to get information from Rudy Giuliani?

Robert Costello: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Now, if we could take a look at Defense Exhibit B1006 in evidence, please. Can we zoom in on the header and email, please? Thank you.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: So, this is an email that you sent to Michael Cohen on April 23rd, 2018. Do you see that?

Robert Costello: Yes, it was. I do see it.

Emil Bove: And do you see the subject line "Assignment?"

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: Were you reporting back on an assignment from Michael Cohen?

Robert Costello: Yes. What he asked me to do, right.

Emil Bove: And the email begins, "I spoke with the person you asked me to." Do you see that?

Robert Costello: Correct.

Emil Bove: Who were you referring to?

Robert Costello: Rudy Giuliani.

Emil Bove: And then it continues. He said that he would find out exactly how the matter ended up in SDNY and, in particular, who in Main Justice approved this. Do you see that?

Robert Costello: I do.

Emil Bove: And is that something that Rudy Giuliani said to you in response to Michael Cohen's question?

Robert Costello: It is.

Emil Bove: I would like you to take a look at the second paragraph of that email. Do you see where it says the question of "timing is premature?"

Robert Costello: Yeah, I see that.

Emil Bove: What did you mean by that?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: Jeez.

Emil Bove: Was that in response to something Michael Cohen had instructed you to do?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: Yes. Strike it.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, let's take a minute. Can the jury please step out.

Court Reporter: All rise.

Note: [Jury exits.]

Juan Merchan: Mr. Costello, you remain seated, please. Remain seated. You may be seated. Mr. Costello, I want to -- I would like to discuss proper decorum in my courtroom.

Robert Costello: But -- I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Juan Merchan: I want to discuss proper decorum in my courtroom.

Robert Costello: Right.

Juan Merchan: Okay. So, when there is a witness on the stand, if you don't like my ruling, you don't say "Jeez," okay. And then you don't say "strike it" because I'm the only one that can strike testimony in the courtroom. Do you understand that?

Robert Costello: I understand.

Juan Merchan: Okay. And then, if you don't like my ruling, you don't give me side eye and you don't roll your eyes. Do you understand that? Do you understand that?

Robert Costello: I understand that. I understand what you' re saying.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Thank you. Let's get the jury back. Are you staring me down right now?

Robert Costello: No. I'm just wondering how --

Juan Merchan: Clear the courtroom, please. Clear the courtroom.

Robert Costello: Do you want me to answer your question?

Sergeant: Sir, please.

Court Officer: Step outside, please. Step out and step to the side, please. Step out, please. Quiet please. Step out, please.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] Your Honor, may I object on behalf of the press? Your Honor, our lawyer is objecting, the press lawyer is objecting. We have a right to remain here.

Court Reporter: Step out. Step out.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] Why? This is an open courtroom.

Court Reporter: Step out. Any questions -- any and all questions will be answered in the hallway.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] The press lawyer has a question.

Court Reporter: This is not an open forum. We will answer all questions in the hallway. Please step out. This is a Supreme Court courtroom. Step out.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] This is an open courtroom.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] It is open to the people, open to the public. You can't throw us out!

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] Our lawyer has a question. This is a public forum, why do we need to step out?

Court Reporter: Step out, please.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] Where do you want us to go? We have a lawyer here.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] I am the lawyer.

Court Reporter: Keep going, please. I will answer all questions out in the hallway. I will answer everything in the hallway, but right now everybody step out.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] We are guests, why do we have to leave?

Court Reporter: Step out, everybody. Step out in the hallway. Let's go.

Unidentified: [Listed in official transcript as "A Person in the Audience"] Will this be on the record so that we can read it afterwards?

Court Reporter: Step out, please. Step out. Step out, please. Step out.

Note: [The courtroom is cleared of people in the audience by the court officers at this time.]

Juan Merchan: All right. Let the record reflect that it's now five after four. Let the record also reflect that the court officers had great difficulty clearing the courtroom, because the courtroom is made up, primarily, of the press. And I can appreciate that the press wants to be present for every part of these proceedings.

Juan Merchan: Therefore, this record is not sealed. The press will have access to this record. The fact that I had to clear the courtroom and that the court officers, including the Captain, had great difficulty clearing the courtroom, and that there was argument back and forth between the press and including counsel for the press, goes to why I had to clear the courtroom in the first place: And that is, sir, your conduct is contemptuous right now.

Juan Merchan: I'm putting you on notice that your conduct is contemptuous. If you try to stare me down one more time, I will remove you from the stand. I will strike his entire testimony, do you understand me?

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge. I understand.

Juan Merchan: Listen to the question and answer the question.

Robert Costello: Can I say something, please?

Juan Merchan: No. No. This is not a conversation.

Robert Costello: Okay.

Juan Merchan: All right. Let's -- we can bring the press back in, please.

Court Reporter: Ready, your Honor?

Juan Merchan: Yes, please.

Court Reporter: Okay. The press is entering the courtroom.

Note: [The people in the audience return to the courtroom.]

Court Reporter: Same seats. Same seats, folks. Same seats. Same seats. Same seats. Same seats.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury, please.

Court Reporter: Jury entering. All rise.

Note: [Jury enters.]

Robert Costello: You don't want me to rise?

Court Reporter: No.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Bove.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Continued cross-examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: May I inquire?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, if you could please bring up Defense 1008 in evidence. And zoom in on the bottom email.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: Now, Mr. Costello, this is a message from you to Michael Cohen. Do you see that in the top left?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: And in the right, the date is May 16th of 2018, right?

Robert Costello: May 16th.

Emil Bove: You wrote at the bottom of this message: "I will not pester you, if you want to talk, you know how to reach Jeff or myself.." Do you see that?

Robert Costello: I do.

Emil Bove: Is "Jeff" Mr. Cintron that you had mentioned earlier?

Robert Costello: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And what were you trying to convey here?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it. You can answer.

Robert Costello: Yes?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Robert Costello: Michael had been complaining about the lawyers. He -- he was complaining about Steve.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: The answer is stricken.

Emil Bove: What did you mean by "not pester you?"

Robert Costello: Meaning, he would not hear from me again unless he contacted me.

Emil Bove: So, if we could keep this on the left side of the screen and bring up the phone records chart, Defense Exhibit 1018, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: If we could zoom in on Rows 47 and 48.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: So, we were just speaking about an email on May 16th of 2018, right?

Robert Costello: Correct.

Emil Bove: And the next call in the chart, is this Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, right?

Robert Costello: That's right.

Emil Bove: And who called you?

Robert Costello: Michael Cohen called me.

Emil Bove: And how long was the call?

Robert Costello: An hour and 36 minutes and 15 seconds.

Emil Bove: Did Michael Cohen give you instructions during that call, without getting into what the instructions were?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: And I understand there is a Waiver. We are just trying to keep this narrow. So, he gave you some instructions and you discussed legal issues during this call?

Robert Costello: Yes, I did.

Emil Bove: Now, if we could take a look at Government Exhibit 206 in evidence, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: If we can zoom in on the header and email.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: And this is an email that you sent to Mr. Cohen on June 7th, 2018. Do you see that?

Robert Costello: I do.

Emil Bove: And from the text of the email, it looks like there had been some conversations between you and Mr. Cohen about Mr. Giuliani, correct?

Robert Costello: That is correct.

Emil Bove: Now, I would like to take a look at the phone records chart again. So if we can keep this on the left and put up Defense Exhibit 1018 on the right again.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: If we can zoom in on Rows 50 to 56, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: So, does this part of the chart, Defense B1018, reflect a series of calls between you and Mr.. Cohen on this same day as this email?

Robert Costello: Yes, it does.

Emil Bove: And do you see in Row 57 the call that lasted 46 minutes and some change?

Robert Costello: I do, yes.

Emil Bove: Who initiated that call?

Robert Costello: Michael Cohen.

Emil Bove: And during those calls on June 7th, did Mr. Cohen instruct you to contact Rudy Giuliani?

Robert Costello: [Pause.]

Emil Bove: You could take a look at the second paragraph on the email on the left. It says, "After you called me back at 2:43 p.m. and we spoke I called and left a message for Rudy?"

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: Does that refresh your recollection as to whether or not you got instructions that day about calling Mr. Cohen from Michael Cohen?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now, if we could make the phone chart, Defense B1018, the main exhibit and zoom in on Rows 57 through 64.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: And does this part of the chart reflect a series of calls on June 12th and the last one on June 13th of 2018?

Robert Costello: That is correct.

Emil Bove: If we could bring up, now, a June 13th email, which is Government's 207 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: And I just want to zoom in on the last paragraph of this message. It's on the second page. And this is a message that you sent to Mr. Cohen on June 13th. Do you see where you wrote: "Please remember if you want or need to communicate something, please let me know and I will see that it gets done?"

Robert Costello: Right.

Emil Bove: What were you communicating to Mr. Cohen there?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Robert Costello: Mr. Cohen was making constant complaints about Rudy Giuliani and what he was saying to the press. And he was also complaining that his law firm, McDermott Will & Emery --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Robert Costello: -- hadn't been paid --

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Again, please just answer the question.

Robert Costello: Okay.

Emil Bove: Now, if we could take a look at Government Exhibit 208, which is in evidence.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: And if we can zoom in on the header and email.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: This is a message that you sent to Michael Cohen the next day, June 14th, correct?

Robert Costello: Correct.

Emil Bove: And I would like to focus on Page 2 of this. And if we could zoom in on the top paragraph there that carries over.

Note: [Displayed.]

Emil Bove: Do you see where you wrote, "If you really want certain things to happen, you should make that known. If you really want other lawyers to refrain from saying this or that, you should make it known." Do you see that?

Robert Costello: I do.

Emil Bove: And just very, very narrowly, with respect to those two sentences, what were you communicating to Michael Cohen on June 14th of 2018?

Robert Costello: That was in response to his complaint. And I said, "If you want to let anybody know what you are complaining about, just tell me and I will pass it on."

Emil Bove: And who were you telling Michael Cohen you would pass it on to?

Robert Costello: He -- Rudy Giuliani.

Emil Bove: Mr. Costello, did you ever put any pressure on Michael Cohen to do anything?

Robert Costello: No.

Emil Bove: Did you ever pressure him to interact with Rudy Giuliani in a certain way?

Robert Costello: Not at all.

Emil Bove: Did Mr. Giuliani ever put pressure on you to try to extract information from Michael Cohen?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Did you ever perceive any type of pressure from Rudy?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Move to strike.

Robert Costello: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Move to strike, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: It's stricken.

Emil Bove: During your interaction with Michael Cohen, did you consider him to be a client?

Robert Costello: Absolutely. I had to treat him that way.

Emil Bove: And whose interests did you have in mind during the course of that relationship?

Robert Costello: Exclusively Michael Cohen's.

Emil Bove: Did you care about President Trump's interest while you were dealing with Michael Cohen?

Robert Costello: No. My obligation was to Michael Cohen.

Emil Bove: And, at some point, did your firm seek payment from Michael Cohen?

Robert Costello: Yes, they did.

Emil Bove: And did he pay?

Robert Costello: No, he did not.

Emil Bove: Were you aware of, that the firm was trying to collect on that?

Robert Costello: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.

Emil Bove: Were you aware of efforts by your firm to try to collect payments?

Robert Costello: No. They didn't sue. The amount wasn't enough.

Emil Bove: Now, before I sit down We've met before, right?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you've also had meetings with State and Federal Prosecutors regarding Michael Cohen, right?

Robert Costello: Oh, yeah.

Emil Bove: And did you turn over documents during those meetings?

Robert Costello: I did, a lot of documents.

Emil Bove: And answered questions from both State and Federal Prosecutors?

Robert Costello: At different times, yes. And, more recently, have you appeared on the -- in media in conversations about this case?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Emil Bove: Fair to say, frequently?

Robert Costello: Yeah.

Emil Bove: And have you also testified in Congress about this case?

Robert Costello: I did, the House Judiciary Committee. And that was actually while this trial was ongoing, right?

Robert Costello: I think it was last Wednesday.

Emil Bove: Nothing further, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Your witness.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Cross-examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Good afternoon, Mr. Costello.

Robert Costello: Hi.

Susan Hoffinger: On April 17th, 2018, your partner, Joel Citron [sic] reached out to Michael Cohen by email, is that correct?

Robert Costello: Jeff, Jeff Citron.

Susan Hoffinger: I apologize. Jeff Citron?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: To see if he would be interested in meeting with you, is that correct?

Robert Costello: I'm sorry, say that again?

Susan Hoffinger: To see if Michael Cohen would be interested in meeting with you, is that correct?

Robert Costello: No. The email speaks for itself.

Susan Hoffinger: Well, let's take a look at People's Exhibit 512P. Well, before we put it up. Mr. Citron did not email Mr. Cohen to see if he wanted to meet with you?

Robert Costello: He did. Yes, he did.

Susan Hoffinger: And didn't Mr. Citron in that email lay out all of your qualifications, that you were a former Chief of the Criminal Division of the U.S. Attorney's Office and that you had represented famous people like Leona Helmsley and George Steinberg, didn't he send that type of email to Mr. Cohen?

Robert Costello: I don't remember. The email speaks for itself.

Susan Hoffinger: Well, let's take a look at that.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's look at People's Exhibit 512P. Just for the witness, the Court and counsel.

Note: [Displayed to the aforementioned parties only.]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize that email, sir?

Robert Costello: Yes, I do.

Susan Hoffinger: Who is that an email from and to, and who is copied on that?

Robert Costello: That was from Jeffrey Citron to -- it's blocked out. But this should have been Jeffrey Citron to Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: And are you copied on that email, sir?

Robert Costello: I'm sorry?

Susan Hoffinger: Are you also copied on that email?

Robert Costello: [Witness reading.]

Susan Hoffinger: I know there are certain redactions, but does it appear --

Robert Costello: What's confusing to see is that this is sayings it' S from Michael Cohen to Jeffrey Citron, but I guess this is a string.

Susan Hoffinger: It's a string, so look at the bottom.

Robert Costello: So I'm having trouble seeing the string, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: So you were on those emails?

Robert Costello: Yes, I was.

Susan Hoffinger: I offer those in evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [So marked in evidence.]

Susan Hoffinger: So, now you see an email that Mr. Citron sent and copied you on. Are you aware of that now? Do you see that email exchange, extolling your experiences, your famous clients, and what you wanted?

Robert Costello: Except you misstated it before, you stated I was Chief of the Criminal Division, it's Deputy Chief.

Susan Hoffinger: I apologize for that. Deputy Chief of the Criminal Division. Is that otherwise accurate, the question I asked you?

Robert Costello: It is, yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: And you were hoping that Michael Cohen would hire you as his lawyer, correct?

Robert Costello: I wasn't hoping anything. It wasn't my email.

Susan Hoffinger: I'm sorry, had you heard about the case in the news, sir, that Michael Cohen had had search warrants in early April of 2018, as the Personal Attorney to President Trump? Had you heard about it in the news?

Robert Costello: I probably did, yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: It was big news, right?

Robert Costello: If I heard about it, I guess it was.

Susan Hoffinger: And you and your partner thought this would be a good opportunity to see if you could get Michael Cohen as your client, isn't that correct?

Robert Costello: No. This was Jeffrey Citron's relationship with Michael Cohen. He knew him for ten years. I didn't know Michael Cohen from a hole in the wall.

Susan Hoffinger: So, you weren't interested in having him as your client?

Robert Costello: No, I wasn't.

Susan Hoffinger: And so, you met with him, but you weren't interested in retaining him, is that right?

Robert Costello: I met with him because Jeff Citron made an arrangement with Michael Cohen. And he asked me to come along, because Jeff Citron is a real estate attorney and this was, obviously, a criminal matter.

Susan Hoffinger: So, you were just accompanying him to this meeting?

Robert Costello: Well, I wouldn't say I was just accompanying him, it was Jeff Citron's client, not mine.

Susan Hoffinger: But I thought you said they knew each other, he wasn't his client, I thought you said they knew each other?

Robert Costello: Yes, Jeff Citron knew Michael Cohen for at least ten years.

Susan Hoffinger: So you knew at the time, based on the news, that Michael Cohen was President Trump's personal attorney, correct?

Robert Costello: I think I knew that before we entered the Regency Hotel, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And if you could land him as a client, Personal Attorney to the President, that would be a big case for your firm, wouldn't it?

Robert Costello: I suppose so.

Susan Hoffinger: And it would get you public exposure, wouldn't it?

Robert Costello: Yes, it would.

Susan Hoffinger: And you would be in the news as his attorney, right?

Robert Costello: I guess that's true, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And this is what you would call a high profile case for you, right?

Robert Costello: Probably, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And it would connect you with the President of the United States, right, because he was his former -- his Personal Attorney, right?

Robert Costello: No, it would not.

Susan Hoffinger: It wouldn't connect you with the President of the United States and those who were close him, like Rudy Giuliani?

Robert Costello: No. Rudy Giuliani wasn't involved in representing President Trump at that point in time. He wasn't in the picture at all.

Susan Hoffinger: But just a few days later he was representing President Trump, right?

Robert Costello: Two days later is not the date that we met, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: So, is it your testimony that this wouldn't push you into the arena with Rudy Giuliani and President Trump by representing Michael Cohen?

Robert Costello: I don t understand that question. What do you mean it would "push me into the arena?"

Susan Hoffinger: Well, I will withdraw the question. Having Michael Cohen as a client, you said, would be a big win for you and your firm, correct?

Robert Costello: I didn't say that. You did.

Susan Hoffinger: I'm asking you. Would it be a big win for you and your firm?

Robert Costello: No. I would say no. I didn't want him as a client with the firm.

Susan Hoffinger: Would it be something that you would announce on your website, your firm's website, if you had on him on the client list, as your client?

Robert Costello: I don't know what the firm would do.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we, please, show now People's 528M. Just to the witness, please, the Court and the parties.

Note: [Displayed for the aforementioned parties only.]

Susan Hoffinger: And maybe you can review that email and let us know who it's from and who it's to.

Robert Costello: Yes. I have read it. I know what it is

Susan Hoffinger: Who is it from and who is it to?

Robert Costello: This was from me to my son.

Susan Hoffinger: What is the date of the email, sir?

Robert Costello: April 20th.

Susan Hoffinger: I offer that in evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we put that up on the screen, please.

Note: [Displayed.]

Susan Hoffinger: And I would like you to ask you to, please, read it. Please read your email to your son and your son's response, if you would.

Robert Costello: You want me to read it?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes, sir. If you are able to.

Robert Costello: Okay. From the bottom up. It says, "I will be on the team." That was Michael Cohen's phraseology. Quote. "It would be an honor to have you as part of my team. I will be eternally grateful for the help and guidance you have already given me'" That's a quote from Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: If you would just, just read the email, please, from your son?

Robert Costello: That's's what it says, it says -- it's in quotes and it says, "Michael Cohen, Personal Attorney to Donald J. Trump."" I did read it.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Robert Costello: The second paragraph. "This is not public that, too, was from Michael Cohen. " yet. So do not say anything to anyone about this. I do not know when we will make an announcement, but I have been authorized to contact Rudy Giuliani as counsel to President Trump and tell him that I will be representing Michael Cohen." That's my Michael Cohen's instructions, right.

Susan Hoffinger: So what you' re saying is, you were not saying that you were going to put it on your firm's website, you were not going to announce it, is that right?

Robert Costello: This has nothing to do with my firm's website.

Susan Hoffinger: It says, "I don't know when it's going to be announced. Please keep it to yourself?"

Robert Costello: Announced by Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: So what you're saying is that that's all Michael Cohen's language, not you, telling your son that?

Robert Costello: Okay, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Can you read your son's response?

Robert Costello: "Wow. That's big news. Congrats, Dad. I hope this leads to a lot of good things coming your way." That's from my son, yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: And so, you were telling your son that you were going to be involved in this big case and it was going to be great big news for you and your firm, is that right?

Robert Costello: No. I was telling my son exactly what I told my son in this email. And this is his response to it.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Now, let's talk a little bit about meeting at the Regency on April 16th, 2016. Now, Mr. Cohen agreed to meet with you and Mr. Citron, correct?

Robert Costello: Yes. On April 17th. Mr. Cohen requested to meet with us. He asked us to come to the Regency Hotel.

Susan Hoffinger: Sure. After your partner -- as we saw in the email -- reached out to him and asked if he would like to meet with you, isn, t that right?

Robert Costello: No. That's not what he said. He said to Michael Cohen, I have a partner who used to be the Deputy Chief of the Criminal Division of the US Attorney's Office. If you want to pick his brain, let me know. And Michael Cohen responded immediately, yes, I want to meet him.

Susan Hoffinger: So, Mr. Citron reached out to see if Michael Cohen would want to speak to you and you had a meeting with him, is that right?

Robert Costello: Yes. Yes, that's what the email said.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. So let's talk about the meeting on April 17th?

Robert Costello: Sure.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you said that you met with him at the Regency Hotel, where he was staying with his family, correct?

Robert Costello: We met with him at the Regency Hotel. I didn't know where he was staying when I met with him.

Susan Hoffinger: And you knew, based on the news of the search warrants, that Mr. Cohen had been through a traumatic event, right?

Robert Costello: Yeah, I would say, sure.

Susan Hoffinger: And, because eight days earlier, the FBI had raided his apartment, his hotel room, and his office, right?

Robert Costello: I wouldn't use the term "raided." They executed a search warrant.

Susan Hoffinger: And you know from your experience, that executing search warrants is that they come into your place, wherever it is, and they take your personal items, phones, your devices documents, et cetera. You know what a search warrants is, do you not?

Robert Costello: Of course I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And, you knew, as a result of that, and you knew, obviously, he was under criminal investigation by the Southern District of New York, right?

Robert Costello: I did, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And that's pretty serious, isn't it?

Robert Costello: Generally, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, in fact, having a search warrant executed at lawyer's offices and hotel rooms, et cetera, that's pretty serious, isn't it?

Robert Costello: It's very serious, and it requires special proof.

Susan Hoffinger: And, in fact, you said that -- well, withdrawn. Mr. Cohen was visibly shaken up that day, wasn't he?

Robert Costello: He was suicidal that day and acting manic -- he was manic.

Susan Hoffinger: And you said he was pacing back and forth, right?

Robert Costello: That's correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And you had been a criminal defense attorney for how long, sir, at that time?

Robert Costello: Oh, [Laughter.] 40 years -- 50 years.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, and in all that time as a criminal defense attorney, you can understand how traumatic it is for somebody to go through that kind of experience?

Robert Costello: Talk into the microphone, please.

Susan Hoffinger: Oh, I'm sorry. As a criminal defense attorney for all of those years, you can understand how traumatic it is for someone to go through that kind of experience, right?

Robert Costello: Yes, sure.

Susan Hoffinger: And as a criminal defense attorney, you can empathize with someone who has gone through that experience, can you not, sir?

Robert Costello: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: But you thought he was being a drama queen, didn't you?

Robert Costello: No, I didn't know Michael Cohen. I had never met him before in my life. And he was putting on quite a show, and I didn't know when he initially said --

Susan Hoffinger: Sir.

Robert Costello: I was --

Susan Hoffinger: Sir.

Robert Costello: I'm answering your question.

Emil Bove: The witness needs to be allowed to finish his answer.

Juan Merchan: Surely. He can finish his answer.

Robert Costello: He was putting on quite a show. And he explained to us -- he told us that two nights before he was on the roof of the Regency Hotel and he was going to jump off and kill himself because he couldn't handle the pressure of what he saw as the ongoing criminal case coming his way.

Susan Hoffinger: Sure. And you remember testifying in the Grand Jury in this case, sir?

Robert Costello: Yes, I do.

Susan Hoffinger: And you remember that it was in March, on March 20th of 2023?

Robert Costello: Approximately, yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you tell the Grand Jury that you didn't know whether he was being a drama queen or not?

Robert Costello: Yeah, and that's because --

Susan Hoffinger: Did you tell --

Robert Costello: And that's because --

Susan Hoffinger: Well, I'm asking for the witness to answer the question, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sir, if you are able to answer the question yes or no, please answer yes or no. If you are not able to, just let Ms. Hoffinger know and she will rephrase it.

Robert Costello: Do you want me to answer that question yes or no?

Susan Hoffinger: Sure. Did you tell the Grand Jury that he was acting like a drama queen?

Robert Costello: No. I said I didn't know whether he was acting as a drama queen, right --

Susan Hoffinger: Well, you don't like drama queens, right?

Robert Costello: I just didn't know, because I didn't know the guy. I couldn't assess whether these actions by him were genuine or not, but my partner thought they were, and he knew him for ten years.

Susan Hoffinger: So, Michael Cohen ultimately chose a different lawyer to represent him, right? Not you, is that correct?

Robert Costello: Well, he had one lawyer at the time that was talking to him, that was McDermott Will & Emery. He was also talking to Guy Petrillo, who he, later on in June, whatever the date was, he announced publicly that he was going to retain Guy Petrillo.

Susan Hoffinger: So he retained Guy Petrillo instead of you, is that correct?

Robert Costello: Retained? You mean he signed a Retainer Agreement? I don't know.

Susan Hoffinger: Whether he signed a Retainer Agreement or not, he ended up going with Guy Petrillo to represent him in connection with the matter in the Southern District, not you, correct?

Robert Costello: Yes, that's correct.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, please approach.

Susan Hoffinger: Sure.

Note: [AT SIDEBAR.]

Juan Merchan: So, I haven't asked the jurors if they can work late.

Susan Hoffinger: Yes.

Juan Merchan: How much more do you have?

Susan Hoffinger: I probably have about maybe half an hour, at the most. But --

Juan Merchan: Let's come back tomorrow.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Thank you.

Note: [End sidebar.]

Juan Merchan: Jurors, we are going to stop at this time. Before I excuse you, I remind you to please not talk, either among yourselves or with anyone else, about anything related to the case. Please continue to keep an open mind. Do not form or express an opinion about the defendant's guilt or innocence until all of the evidence is in, and I have given you my final instructions on the law, and I have directed you to begin your deliberations.

Juan Merchan: Do not request, accept, agree to accept, or discuss with any person the receipt or acceptance of any payment or benefit in return for supplying any information concerning the trial. Report directly to me any incident within your knowledge involving an attempt by any person improperly to influence you or any member of the jury.

Juan Merchan: Do not visit or view any of the locations discussed in the testimony. And do not use any program or electronic device to search for and view any location discussed in the testimony. Do not read, view or listen to any accounts or discussions of the case, and that includes the reading or the listening to the reading of any transcripts of the trial, or the reading of any posts on any Court sites.

Juan Merchan: Do not attempt to research any fact, issue or law related to the case. Do not communicate with anyone about the case by any means, including by telephone, text messages, email, or the internet. And do not Google or otherwise search for any information about the case or the law which applies to the case or the people involved in the case.

Juan Merchan: I will see you tomorrow morning at 9:30. Have a good night.

Court Reporter: All rise.

Note: [Jury exits.]

Juan Merchan: Remain seated. Sir, you may step down.

Susan Hoffinger: Your Honor, your Honor, before Mr. Costello goes, would you please ask him or tell him that he's not to be in contact with the Defense team directly or through other parties while he's still on the stand.

Emil Bove: As counsel, we are going to and do abide by that either way.

Juan Merchan: I generally do not give that instruction, but you can ask him tomorrow whether he has or has not.

Note: [Witness excused.]

Juan Merchan: Ms. Hoffinger, you think that you have about a half hour left? I'm not going to rush you.

Susan Hoffinger: Understood, understood. Probably half an hour to 45 minutes at the most. And I may cut some of it tonight, so.

Juan Merchan: Okay. And then I expected you will have some redirect?

Emil Bove: Yes, your Honor. But I don't expect that it's going to be long.

Juan Merchan: Okay. And then at this point, do you expect to call any other witnesses?

Emil Bove: Not at this point, Judge. We are going to do some thinking tonight, but, obviously, there are some limitations on that, but not at this point.

Juan Merchan: That can change, but it appears that tomorrow very early in the morning you will rest and I will excuse the jury at that time. All right. Thank you, everyone.

Emil Bove: Judge --

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, we don't have to do this now, but at the conclusion of the People's case, at sidebar we said that we were going to move for a Trial Order of Dismissal. I do not have to do that now --

Juan Merchan: We can do it now. That's fine.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor. Your Honor, for several reasons we believe that the Court should enter a Trial Order of Dismissal now. First, there is absolutely no evidence that the filings were false. The business records were not false. There is no dispute that Mr. Cohen provided legal services to President Trump in 2017. Not only did Mr. Cohen admit that, but Miss Tarasoff when she booked the records that are part of at least 12 of the counts said the same thing.

Todd Blanche: When they were entered in the Trump system, they were entered as legal expenses for Retainer Agreement. There is no dispute that during 2017, that's exactly what Mr. Cohen was doing for President Trump. Now, not only that, but when the invoices were sent to The Trump Organization, there is no evidence that those were mishandled and entered falsely.

Todd Blanche: So when the invoices are sent, President Trump is not in New York, he's in the White House, and the invoices come in for services rendered. And Mr. Cohen testified that he was rendering services for President Trump during that time, as his Personal Attorney. So, at the start, there is absolutely no false business filing.

Todd Blanche: They are accurate business filings. Second, there is no evidence that there is any intent to defraud by President Trump in connection with these filings. So, even, even if there was evidence that the records themselves were false -- but they weren't -- these are records that were generated in connection with Michael Cohen's personal relationship and Personal Attorney-client relationship with President Trump in 2017. He was paid first by a trust, by The Trust, for three of the months and then out of the personal funds -- the personal bank account of President Trump, while President Trump was the only person that had any signatory authority over the bank account.

Todd Blanche: So, again, the idea that there would be any sort of intent to defraud by President Trump when the invoices are going to The Trump Organization, a check is being generated for him to sign in the White House, for the President to sign in the White House, and then -- which he does, which he signs in the White House.

Todd Blanche: There is no evidence that there is any idea or any intent by President Trump at that time to mislead or to hide or to falsify the business records. And, again, now, these are records of his personal -- his personal records of the Trump Organization. So, again, if there was an intent to defraud, there would be evidence of something besides what we have here.

Todd Blanche: Either the records are entered in a different manner, either they are entered in a false manner describing something, services that are different than what was actually rendered or something to give even a little bit of evidence that there is an intent to defraud. We have none of that. And, third, your Honor, the other crimes that purportedly are being covered up in connection with these false business filings -- there are no other crimes.

Todd Blanche: And, now, the People rested earlier today. And there is no evidence, zero evidence, that anyone was thinking about a Campaign Finance charge in 2016 when this payment was made to Ms. Daniels. There is also no evidence that anybody was thinking about a Campaign Finance charge when Mr. Weisselberg and Mr. Cohen met in January of 20 -- of 2017 to come up with a way that he would be paid.

Todd Blanche: There is a $35,000 monthly retainer. It was established months after the election. And so, there is simply no evidence that there is any effort to conceal anything by -- not only by President Trump, but also by any of the others involved. And so, the Prosecutors have talked in their opening statement and in papers about some sort of conspiracy to influence the election.

Todd Blanche: But, as the Court knows, there has to be something illegal about this effort. There has to be something illegal about the efforts by the coconspirators to influence the election. And what the evidence shows is that they all got together in 2015 and agreed that they would talk about positive and negative stories, and that there would be positive stories pushed and negative stories pushed and that Mr. Pecker would keep an eye out, keep an eye out for anything that he heard that was bad about President Trump.

Todd Blanche: Now, there is no evidence from any of the witnesses who testified of any criminal intent with respect to any of those, of that kind. The underlying criminal intent that the People are suggesting, FECA, New York State Tax Fraud, some other business record fraud that they claim showed some sort of criminal intent.

Todd Blanche: As a matter of law, they should not be allowed to use any of those predicates, when at the end of the day there is absolutely no evidence that Mr. Pecker, Mr. Cohen, President Trump, Dylan Howard, or any of the other purported coconspirators for this Misdemeanor State Law crime had any criminal intent at the time that they were engaging in this conduct.

Note: [Whereupon, at this time, Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg relieved Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Todd Blanche: By the way, there was no discussion at this October 2015 meeting about catch and kill. Nobody said that. There was no discussion about any financial payments that would potentially be made with respect to any stories. So, you don't have evidence of any criminal intent or criminal conduct at this supposed first meeting where the conspiracy is born and then played out over the next year plus.

Todd Blanche: Then, when you look at actually how the conspiracy played out, Karen McDougal, if the evidence is to be credited, she never even wanted her story out. She was looking to start her career anew, jumpstart her career. She wanted an arrangement with AMI so that she could be on the covers of magazines, write a column, not catch and kill a story.

Todd Blanche: While that's the words used by Mr. Cohen and in opening statements, that's not the evidence that came out at trial. That was a demonstrably false story. Everybody agrees. So, again, if there's some conspiracy to influence an election or some conspiracy to illegally influence an election, how on Earth is keeping a false Laurie Eisenberg, CSR, RPR Senior Court Reporter story from the voters criminal?

Todd Blanche: So, it's a false story, and there's a decision made to pay off the person who's spreading the false story. That means that a false story is not being presented to the folks that are voting in New York State. That's not a catch and kill, your Honor, certainly not a criminal catch and kill. As it relates to Ms. Daniels, AMI wanted nothing to do with that.

Todd Blanche: There's lots of testimony about that. When it came to catching and killing, which is supposedly the conspiracy that's going to be entered into between Mr. Pecker, Mr. Howard, Mr. Cohen and Mr. Trump, if that was really the conspiracy, AMI jumped out of that conspiracy. As you heard over the past several weeks, Mr. Pecker was insistent that he wanted nothing to do with any kind of catch and kill with Ms. Daniels.

Todd Blanche: In fact, that led to Mr. Cohen entering into an NDA with her. Mr. Cohen is not a member of the press. He doesn't own the National Enquirer. This isn't a catch and kill story, which is, supposedly, the conspiracy that was formed in October 2016. So, the three separate incidents this jury heard about that gave conspiratorial criminal intent to the participants are not that at all.

Todd Blanche: So, the underlying predicate that gives rise -- that makes this misdemeanor a felony, there's simply no evidence of any intent, of any criminal intent on any of the parties in 2016, 2017, and for that reason, the Court should enter a verdict in favor of the Defendant. Finally: We've been saying this for months, and we heard Mr. Cohen testify the past several days.

Todd Blanche: There is no way that the Court should let this case go to the jury, relying on Mr. Cohen's testimony. And I don't think the People will disagree that without Mr. Cohen, there is no case. Meaning, without his testimony last week and today, there is no case. And he not only lied repeatedly in the past under oath, but he lied in this courtroom.

Todd Blanche: And I'm sure that the People will say: Well, he didn't really lie, or he misremembered. But, we put on irrefutable proof, irrefutable proof. When he testified on direct about a phone call and he remembers specifically a key part of this crime that took place, a key part is keeping President Trump updated, and he said it 19 times on his direct, and today he said he talked to him about it more than 20 times -- that's, obviously, a key part of their story.

Todd Blanche: He confidently said that on October 24th, when he had that call just after eight o'clock at night, the purpose of the call was to call Keith Schiller, have Mr. Schiller give the phone to President Trump and then --

Juan Merchan: So you're asking me to find Mr. Cohen not credible as a matter of law?

Todd Blanche: Yes. Absolutely. Because it wasn't just that lie, your Honor. He also lied to this Court repeatedly, for example, about his testimony in front of Congress and whether he said that he never asked for a pardon. It shouldn't move the Court that he continues to lie about that? I mean, the Court has the transcript.

Todd Blanche: The Court has the evidence, the testimony that he put in in front of Congress where he says something that we know from the testimony at this trial was not true. And he still doubles down.

Juan Merchan: So you want me to take it out of the jury's hands and decide before it even gets to the jury that, as a matter of law, this person is so not worthy of belief that it shouldn't be considered by the jury? That's what you're asking?

Todd Blanche: That his entire testimony should not be considered by the jury. Absolutely. That's exactly what we're asking the Court to do. Again, we didn't just catch him in a lie, your Honor. He came in here with a history of lying under oath. Again, as your Honor ruled before this trial started with respect to that issue, your Honor said, correctly, that he hadn't appeared in front of you, SO it wouldn't be appropriate just based on past allegations of lying under oath, it wouldn't be appropriate to just say he can't testify.

Todd Blanche: He testified. And he lied under oath. In this courtroom. And the consequences of that lie, if accepted by the jury, is that -- is a conviction, potentially. And so, imagine the --

Juan Merchan: You said his lies are "irrefutable," that you think he's going to fool 12 New Yorkers into believing this lie?

Todd Blanche: Well, Judge --

Juan Merchan: It's an "irrefutable" lie?

Todd Blanche: I certainly hope he doesn't convince 12 jurors.

Juan Merchan: I would like to hear from the People.

Matthew Colangelo: The standard, as the Court knows, for the motion the Defense just made requires assessing the evidence in the light most favorable to the Prosecution, assuming that the jury credits the People's witnesses and giving the Prosecution's evidence the full weight it might reasonably be accorded. So, against that backdrop, there's just no argument that the evidence falls short of the standard the People need to show to defeat this motion.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me address -- I think Mr. Blanche made three key arguments: First is that there's no evidence of falsity because Mr. Cohen performed or provided legal services in 2017. The trial record overwhelmingly rebuts the argument "there's no evidence of falsity." Among other things, Mr. Cohen performed similar legal services in 2018 and was not paid.

Matthew Colangelo: Then, of course, you have People's Exhibits 35 and 36, accompanied by the testimony of Jeff McConney explaining those documents, which memorialize and track the conversion of the $130,000 wire transfer to Keith Davidson into the exact $420,000 reimbursement that Mr. Cohen ultimately received. On top of that, you have the admission in at least three other pieces of evidence we introduced.

Matthew Colangelo: People's 81, which is the Defendant's signed and certified Office of Government Ethics Form, which explains in that footnote we pointed to on Page 45 that the Defendant reimbursed Mr. Cohen for expenses he incurred. We've got People's 407G, I believe it was, which was a public statement from the Defendant admitting he reimbursed Mr. Cohen.

Matthew Colangelo: You have the testimony from Ms. Daniels' transcript, 2903, where she acknowledged from civil litigation in California, the Defendant acknowledged Mr. Cohen had to be reimbursed. The evidence this payment was for reimbursement and not for a retainer for legal services performed is overwhelming, and, at minimum, a rational juror can conclude beyond a reasonable doubt the invoices, the ledger entries, the signed checks with check stubs, all contain false instruments.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. Blanche made a couple of arguments regarding intent to defraud. At least one of them touched on the first element in the CJI instruction, whether the Defendant made or caused a false entry in the business of his entries, because Mr. Blanche talked about the accounting staff and the normal operations of the accounting staff.

Matthew Colangelo: As a matter of law, your Honor, it's sufficient, more than sufficient, if the Defendant set in motion the sequence of events that led to the false entries being made and if those false entries were the reasonable, foreseeable consequences of his actions. So, I think there can be no question related to the overwhelming evidence leading up to the payment scheme that the Defendant caused the false entries.

Matthew Colangelo: On intent to defraud, again, your Honor, you already held in denying the Defendant's Omnibus Motion that, as a matter of law, the Grand Jury supported, at that point at least, three different theories of intent to defraud. The first was evidence of a general intent to deceive. And, here, the evidence in the trial record, including the overwhelming record of concealment, is -- supports general intent to deceive.

Matthew Colangelo: The Court also acknowledged general intent to deceive the voting public supports -- also supports the element of intent to defraud. Then, of course, as your Honor also held at Page 19 of your Omnibus Decision, the evidence supports a showing of intent to deceive Government regulators. On the last element that Mr. Blanche discussed, the intent to commit, aid or conceal the commission of another crime, your Honor, there were weeks and weeks of testimony from witnesses who testified and whose testimony was corroborated by emails, bank records, contemporaneous phone calls, text messages, and other documents of a conspiracy that was entered into in Trump Tower in August of 2015, that was then effectuated through unlawful means.

Matthew Colangelo: The "unlawful means" include an illegal corporate contribution to Karen McDougal, the illegal the excessive individual campaign contribution to Stormy Daniels. And then, of course, your Honor, there's extensive evidence of other false business records being created in the course of carrying out that conspiracy, including the false invoice from Investor Advisory Services to conceal the intended transaction between AMI and Mr. Trump, as well as all of the false documents that Mr. Cohen submitted to his bank in order to open both of the shell companies he intended to use to tender the transfer.

Matthew Colangelo: There's a lot more. We don't need to give a full summation in order to rebut the information Mr. Blanche gave. The trial evidence overwhelmingly supports each of the element of the offense, and the trial Order of dismissal is not warranted.

Juan Merchan: I'll reserve decision.

Todd Blanche: Briefly, your Honor, the evidence of there being any sort of illegality in this conspiracy -- a conspiracy isn't a conspiracy just because three people get together and talk. There has to be an illegal objective. False filings of AMI records doesn't qualify. False records years after the fact, the fact that there was a campaign contribution that Mr. Cohen ultimately pled guilty to, that shouldn't qualify.

Todd Blanche: The evidence that came in this courtroom is really what the Court should consider. You have no evidence of a catch and kill at that meeting, just evidence that -- of what reporters and politicians do every day during every campaign, and the People have turned that into a beginning of a conspiratorial agreement and relationship.

Todd Blanche: But, that's not what the evidence showed over the last several years. At the end of the day -- then I'll sit down -- you have a books and records violation where you have a legal expense. That's the entry that's false, supposedly. And you have testimony, non-contrary, that Mr. Cohen was President Trump's lawyer in 2017. So, it's hard to imagine what book -- how this was supposed to be booked by the Trump -- by Ms. Tarasoff when she gets the invoice.

Todd Blanche: How is she supposed to book the fact that the lawyer working for President Trump was his personal attorney? Legal expense. So -- I was going to just finish with Mr. Cohen. I won t go on and on. The other -- in addition to what I already said, Judge, the exacting testimony that he gave this jury -- and we crossed him on it, but a lot of the objections were sustained.

Todd Blanche: The exacting testimony that he gave about particular conversations that he remembered with President Trump in 2016, we never saw those. They're not in any notes with the Special Counsel, with the Southern District, or with the Manhattan District Attorney. That's something that we talked about before. He definitely talked about in the Grand Jury and in meetings that there were phone calls and there were conversations That's a lot different than what he said on the stand when he gave very specific recollection.

Todd Blanche: That's something -- that's not something we knew about. Apparently, the People knew he was going to do that. Under the law, if he's going to change his story like that, they should provide us notes of that. They didn't. That's another reason why his testimony should be rejected, your Honor.

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, as the Court knows and as Defense Counsel knows, they have received probably hundreds of pages of notes of conversations with Mr. Cohen. It is simply not the case that his testimony at the trial was not reflected in the notes. The Defense Counsel had ample opportunity to impeach by omission.

Matthew Colangelo: Where impeaching by omission was permitted, the Court permitted it. Where it was not appropriate, the Court did not allow it. There's no evidence, none, that his testimony in this courtroom was new. One other correction. The false entries on the invoices, General Ledger entries, and checks or check stubs were these payments that were falsely described as payments pursuant to a retainer for services rendered in a given month, not the legal expense standard.

Juan Merchan: Thank you both. As I said, I'm going to reserve decision. See you tomorrow at 9:30.

Todd Blanche: Can we approach?

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Todd Blanche: I just have a scheduling question. Assuming we'll finish by 10-ish, 10:15-ish, are we going to go right to the charge conference, or in the afternoon?

Juan Merchan: What's your preference?

Todd Blanche: Emil is arguing it.

Joshua Steinglass: He's behind you.

Note: [Whereupon, Defense Counsel confer.]

Emil Bove: Whenever it's convenient.

Juan Merchan: I think that we should take at least a short break SO that we can all properly prepare for the pre-charge conference. Unless there's a strong objection, I would actually like to come back at 2:15 and do it in the afternoon.

Matthew Colangelo: No objection here. We were just conferring on the exchange of proposed language your Honor was requesting this morning. We haven't had an opportunity yet to exchange that proposed language. The additional time will give us a chance to do that.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Note: [Whereupon, the case is adjourned to May 21, 2024.]