Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-testimony-new-york-business-records-hush-money-may-2-2024

Note: [Editor's note: The following transcript was provided by the New York State Unified Court System, available here: https://cqrc.al/ny-people-v-donald-j-trump. These documents were reprocessed by optical character recognition (OCR), reviewed, formatted and checked for errors by our internal A.I. systems, and reviewed by a human. However, please check against the PDFs before quoting. A searchable PDF incorporating the corrected text can be viewed or downloaded at: https://cqrc.al/trump-ny-trial-2024-05-02 for verification.]

Court Clerk: This is The People of the State of New York against Donald J. Trump, SMZ 71911 of '24. Appearances, starting with the People, please.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADA Joshua Steinglass, Susan Hoffinger, Matthew Colangelo, Christopher Conroy, Becky Mangold and Katherine Ellis. Good morning, everyone.

Juan Merchan: Good morning.

Todd Blanche: Good morning, your Honor. Todd Blanche on behalf of President Donald J. Trump, who is seated to my left. I am joined at counsel's table by Emil Bove, Susan Necheles and Stephen Weiss. Good morning.

Juan Merchan: Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Trump. As you know, I asked the jury to come in a little bit later today, at ten o'clock, so that we could have our hearing on the Order to Show Cause, which is identified as SMZ 71911 of '24. I looked at the exhibits that were provided by both the People and the Defense. The People provided four exhibits, one for each one of those violations.

Juan Merchan: The Defense provided a number of exhibits, I believe it was close to 500 pages in total, and also submitted a -- so, People, why don't we begin with you going through each of the violations, and explain to me why you believe that it constitutes a violation.

Christopher Conroy: Sure, Judge. Unless your Honor prefers it, I think that I will not play each of the video clips or even read the direct language. I will just talk about each of them, and I will let you know which one I am speaking about as I am speaking about it.

Juan Merchan: I agree you shouldn't play the video. You can give me the exact language and why you think it is a violation, you should do that.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. Judge, I just want to start by saying the Defendant's complaining that this Order restricting his extrajudicial statements in this case, was not intended to allow everyone to attack him, but not to allow him to respond, and that's on page one of his memo. The Order was issued because of the Defendant's persistent and escalating rhetoric aimed at participants in this proceeding.

Christopher Conroy: And the Order was intended to prevent the Defendant from attacking witnesses in this case and jurors in the case and others. He has already been found by the Court to have violated the Order nine times, and he has done it again here. With respect to the first violation, I am going to talk about, this is, actually, the second violation on the Order to Show Cause that we handed up. It's Exhibit F in the April 25th Affirmation.

Christopher Conroy: And I will just start by reading it. The Defendant said the following: But this Judge said that I can't get away from the trial. You know, he is rushing the trial like crazy. Nobody has ever seen a thing like this. That jury was picked so fast, 95 percent Democrats. The area is mostly all Democrat. You think of it as a, just a purely Democrat area.

Christopher Conroy: It is a very unfair situation, that I can tell you. This was just hours before he had a hearing here related to his previous violations. He was on the media, and he used his platform there to criticize the seated jury in this case. There is no inference needed. It is not just any jurors, it is these jurors, in this case, sitting right in this room in a few minutes.

Christopher Conroy: His contrived justification in his papers is that, well, the media was saying some of what I am saying. That's a little bit like his re-posting argument, except weaker. The Defendant saying anything amplifies it and creates an air of menace that is substantially different from a media report. By talking about the jury at all, he places this process and this proceeding here in jeopardy.

Christopher Conroy: That is what the Order forbids, and he did it anyway. I will move on to the second violation that we are alleging, and it is actually the fourth in the Order to Show Cause. It's Exhibit H in the Affirmation that we filed on the 25th. That statement was made on the morning of the 25th. So, on his way down here for the hearing at some kind of a press event, I think at 49th and Fifth Avenues in Manhattan.

Christopher Conroy: And the Defendant was out, and there were reporters around who were asking him questions. I think that was all part of the plan. And one of the questions, and I will read now the question, and then the defendant's statement. The question was, what have you thought of David Pecker's testimony so far? When was the last time you spoke to him?

Christopher Conroy: The defendant's answer was, he has been very nice. I mean, he has been -- David's been very nice, a nice guy. This is a classic carrot stick. First of all, there is no question that there was a witness in the proceeding because the witness was going to be testifying a hour or two after the Defendant made that statement.

Christopher Conroy: As I said the other day, the Defendant knows what he is doing. He talks about the testifying witness, says nice things, does it in front of the cameras. To be clear, he was asked other questions about this case and ignored them. So this was not just the Defendant responding to everything the reporters were asking him.

Christopher Conroy: He selectively responded to this question and not others. The one he answered was about the witness who was testifying. It was deliberate, and it was calculating. Pecker, be nice. Everyone is hearing this. I have a platform, and I will talk about you, so be nice. What the defense counsel described as innocuous statements about Mr. Pecker on page five of their memo, is anything but.

Christopher Conroy: They are deliberate shots across the bow to everyone that may come to this courtroom to tell the truth about the Defendant and what he did. Moving on to the third statement that I will talk about, which this time it is also the third statement in the Order to Show Cause, and it's Exhibit G in the Affirmation that I filed.

Christopher Conroy: This is from an interview that the Defendant gave to a Pennsylvania TV station on the morning of Tuesday, April 23rd. It didn't actually air until that evening, and the statement is as follows: Well, Michael Cohen is a convicted liar, and he has got no credibility whatsoever. He was a lawyer and you rely on your lawyers.

Christopher Conroy: But Michael Cohen was a convicted lawyer. He was a lawyer for many people, not just me, and he got in trouble because of things outside of what he did for me. Largely, it was essentially all because of what he did in terms of the campaign. I don't think there was anything wrong with that, with the charges that they made, but what he did is -- is he did some pretty bad things, I guess, with banking or whatever.

Christopher Conroy: If it was a personal thing to him. David Pecker, I don't know exactly what he's going to be testifying against but -- or about. He will be testifying today. Again, no question this is related to this proceeding. The Defendant is talking about two witnesses, one of whom was on the stand at the time in the middle of testimony.

Christopher Conroy: It's clearly willful, clearly knowing. The Defendant thinks the rules should be different for him. I talked a bit about the impact of comments about a testifying witness, perhaps not on that witness, but on other witnesses. It is an insidious thing. I will talk a little bit more about Michael Cohen in a moment.

Christopher Conroy: Moving to the -- and, again, in that statement he is talking both about Michael Cohen and his credibility, which is a theme here, and then about David Pecker, who is the witness on the stand. Finally, I will move on to the first statement in the Order to Show Cause, which is Exhibit E from the April 25th Affirmation.

Christopher Conroy: That was made also on April 22nd, earlier in the day than the statement I just talked about. And I know I said this the other day, that this statement was made right outside of these doors, the doors of this courtroom in the little pen that's set up where he speaks to the gathered media everyday. He stood there for almost nine minutes and he talked about a prospective witness that was going to be in this courtroom at some date in the future, Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What he said was, and it's two different excerpts: But, they called the payment to a lawyer a legal expense in the books. They didn't call it construction. They didn't say you are building a building. They called it a payment to a lawyer because, as you know, Cohen is a lawyer, represented a lot of people over the years.

Christopher Conroy: I am not the only one and wasn't very good in a lot of ways in terms of his representation, but he represented a lot of people. But, he puts in an invoice, or whatever, a bill, and they pay, and they call it a legal expense. I got indicted for that. Later the Defendant went on, quote, and when are they going to look at all the lines that Cohen did in the last trial?

Christopher Conroy: He got caught lying in the last trial. He got caught lying, pure lying. And when are they going to look at that? This and all of these are clearly related to this proceeding. They are clearly willful. The Defendant is talking about witnesses and the jury in this case, one right here outside the door, all during the trial.

Christopher Conroy: This is the most critical time, the time the proceeding needs to be protected, where -- particularly where Defendant has demonstrated over time, and recently, his willingness to say and do anything he can to try to infect and disrupt this process. That's what the Defendant has tried to do and continues to try to do. We understand the Court's concern about Michael Cohen, but in the statements at issue here, the Defendant wasn't responding to anything in particular.

Christopher Conroy: He talks about things Michael Cohen has said in the weeks and months before defendant's statements at issue here. There is mention of TikToks more recently, and now, I will talk about the exhibits, the 50-plus exhibits, 500 pages of documents that were filed with Defense papers. But, there is nothing to indicate that the Defendant saw those statements when they were made.

Christopher Conroy: This Order has only been in effect for four to five weeks, not months. Michael Cohen is not a political opponent. Defendant's comments about Michael Cohen relate to issues at the heart of this proceeding and Michael Cohen's participation in the proceeding. They don't relate to political policies or goals of the Defendant.

Christopher Conroy: The Defendant is doing everything he can to make this case and the proceeding about his politics. It's not. It's about his criminal conduct. His statements are corrosive to this proceeding and to the fair administration of justice. As your Honor knows, we just did this the other day. What we have to prove here is the existence of a lawful Order expressing an ongoing mandate, which I submit is very clear here based on the Court's previous decision and other litigation on this very issue.

Christopher Conroy: We have to show a violation of that Order, and that's what we have just gone through. And we have to show that it is made with knowledge, and it is willful beyond a reasonable doubt. I would remind the Court that on Monday, April 23rd, Mr. Blanche in court with the Defendant sitting right next to him, said the following about the defendant's knowledge of the Order, and this is from the transcript on April 23rd, page 964, line 10 to 15: There is, just to set the record very straight and clear, President Trump does, in fact, know what the Gag Order allows him to do and not allow him to do. And there was absolutely no willful violation of the Gag Order in the ten posts released by the campaign or what the People just discussed.

Juan Merchan: What was the page number on that?

Christopher Conroy: Sorry. That was Page 964, April 23rd, lines 10 to 15.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: Again, the existence of a lawful Order, I don't think is at issue at all. There has been plenty of litigation on that. The Court issued the decision the other day. Based on the comments themselves, the timing, and even for the one comment, the location, I submit that we have met our burden and established that the Defendant willfully and knowingly violated the lawful Order of this Court on each of the four occasions that I have just went through.

Christopher Conroy: We are asking the Court, again, to impose the maximum $1,000 fine for each of the four violations. Because each of these statements was made before the Court held the Defendant in contempt for violating this Order nine previous times, and because we prefer to minimize disruptions to this proceeding, we are not yet seeking jail.

Christopher Conroy: But the Court's decision this past Tuesday will inform the approach we take to any future violations. We are happy to answer any questions. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: None at this time. Thank you. Mr. Blanche.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor. So, part of my argument this morning does react to the Court's Order on Tuesday, from April 30th. And while we disagree with the Court's Order, to some context, we are guided this morning in what I am going to say to the Court by what the Court said to us on Tuesday. First, the purpose of the Gag Order, your Honor, is to restrict extrajudicial statements in Order to protect the integrity of these proceedings by shielding those fearful of reprisal by the Defendant so that they may take part in these proceedings without concern.

Todd Blanche: And as I will get to in a few minutes, your Honor, that concept alone is reason enough to deny the four that we are here about this morning. And I know that the Court has stated repeatedly that the Gag Order, and your Honor's intention is not to allow unfettered attacks on President Trump, recognizing he is running for President.

Todd Blanche: Doing a campaign every day, part of the campaign takes place outside of this courtroom, part of the campaign takes place in interviews, meetings with potential voters, whether there is press present and on the campaign trail, and your Honor said it again in the Order on Tuesday. And there is no dispute, I think, among anybody, the Court, or the Government, that political attacks and responses to political attacks does not violate the Gag Order.

Todd Blanche: And I disagree with the People. I disagree that the time that we start looking at what President Trump is responding directly to is the day of the Gag Order. Since President Trump announced his candidacy to run for election this November in '22, almost two years ago, there have been multiple and repeated attacks on him from, among other people, Michael Cohen, and folks that Michael Cohen has on his podcast regularly.

Todd Blanche: Again, to talk -- I will get more into this in a minute from our exhibits, your Honor, to talk not only about these proceedings, and not only about Mr. Cohen's credibility, and not only attacking President Trump's credibility, but also attacking him running for President, the qualities he would bring as a leader of this nation and reflecting on the presidency four years ago.

Juan Merchan: If I can make a suggestion, Mr. Blanche. My main concern is the conduct that took place after the Gag Order was implemented. I looked at the exhibits that you provided. If you want to go through some of them, that's fine, but it's 500 pages.

Todd Blanche: I am not going through all of them, Judge, of course not.

Juan Merchan: Just, as you know, it's not going to weigh very heavily on my decision if you refer to exhibits a year ago or two years ago before the Gag Order was in place.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, it is not my intention to do that. We will get to that in a minute. In response to the Court's Order on Tuesday, and in preparation for our hearing today, we are prepared to pass up some additional exhibits. And the only exhibits I am referring to today, I believe, are recent, recent exhibits that bear on the four charged counts.

Todd Blanche: But, Judge, I -- I do think it's appropriate when the Court's considering whether there has been a willful violation of the Gag Order beyond a reasonable doubt, to keep in perspective beyond just the Gag Order, your Honor did that in reaching the conclusions. That's what I am talking about today. That's it.

Juan Merchan: I am telling you what I am going to consider when I make my decision. You can do that.

Todd Blanche: Judge, last weekend -- last weekend, President Trump's rival, President Biden, said in a public forum, he talked about this trial, and he talked about a witness that's going to be in this trial. He mocked President Trump. He said, Donald has had a few tough days lately. You might call it stormy weather. Okay.

Todd Blanche: President Trump can't respond to that in the way that he would want to because of this Gag Order. Stormy weather, as everyone --

Juan Merchan: Where --

Todd Blanche: It's one of our exhibits, your Honor. Stormy weather was an obvious reference to Stormy Daniels.

Juan Merchan: You are saying that he can't respond to what President Biden said without saying Stormy, Stormy Daniels?

Todd Blanche: That's exactly what I am saying. He cannot respond without saying Stormy Daniels, your Honor. He is not allowed to.

Juan Merchan: No, he is not allowed to refer to a foreseeable witness in the case. He is certainly allowed to respond to something said by President Biden. There is nothing in the Gag Order that says he can't.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, I am not saying that he is not allowed to respond to President Biden, but he is limited in what he can say. President Biden is not limited. So, President Biden can make a reference to this trial and to a witness in this trial. President Trump can respond about certain parts of this trial and, your Honor, that's just my opening point.

Todd Blanche: That that happened this past weekend is to give context to the four statements, which is the reason why we are here today. In addition to the exhibits that were attached on Monday evening, your Honor, we are also going to hand up to the Court and the Government shortly exhibits we will offer, and they are Exhibit 61 through 126. These exhibits are mostly tweets or re-tweets by Michael Cohen recently, certain Mea Culpa Podcasts, recent ones, and I don't believe every one since the Gag Order, but recently, and then certain video transcripts from news programs regarding Mr. Pecker's testimony, the jury composition and Mr. Cohen himself.

Todd Blanche: And I am not going to go through all of them. I am going to highlight a few of them, before I offer them up, and I also -- I have a thumb drive with all of them.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, documents and a thumb drive were handed to the Court and the People.]

Juan Merchan: Is there a reason why this wasn't provided before when you submitted your answering papers?

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: What's that?

Todd Blanche: The additional exhibits are in response, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, to Your Honor's Order on Tuesday, because your Honor made plain in the Order recognizing that there would be opportunity, and it may be necessary to allow -- to remove certain people from the Gag Order if they didn't need to be protected.

Todd Blanche: That's the reason that we are coming at it late, your Honor. So I am going to go in a little bit reverse Order and talk about Mr. Pecker, the alleged violation regarding statements about Mr. Pecker. So what President Trump said, David Pecker, I don't know exactly what he is going to be testifying about, but he will be testifying today.

Todd Blanche: So, that was a recording, as the Government just said, on April 23rd, for a news show in Philadelphia. It aired about six o'clock that evening. That was in response to a question from the interviewer saying, where is your concern level at this point regarding David Pecker's testimony and Michael Cohen, but focusing on David Pecker for now?

Todd Blanche: Where is your concern level? President Trump sidestepped the question. He gave a very factual, truthful answer. It wasn't a warning. It wasn't a commentary on what Mr. Pecker had testified about, and, certainly, it was not a willful violation. I mean, he is -- he is talking, as the Court knows from the testimony, about a man that he has known for decades.

Todd Blanche: He is talking about a man who he was friends with for decades. There is no threat. There is no threat in what President Trump said, and we cited ten. There are multiple articles. We cited ten of them in our papers, news articles that are going into excruciating details about Mr. Pecker's testimony. So, when you have President Trump in response to a question saying something completely neutral about the witnesses, there is -- that's not a willful violation of the Gag Order, when the intent of the Gag Order is to make sure that Mr. Pecker comes in here and testifies without fear of what President Trump has said or will say.

Juan Merchan: It's not just about Mr. Pecker. It's about what all the other witnesses who may come here see. If the witnesses were to see Mr. Trump speaking about Mr. Pecker, or even Mr. Cohen, it affects those witnesses as well. And that's why I understand your concern of Mr. Cohen, I expressed concerns about Mr. Cohen and Ms. Daniels in my decision.

Juan Merchan: And those are valid. I get it. But it's not just about those individuals. It's about what everybody else, the jurors, and all of the other witnesses see Mr. Trump saying or not saying about other witnesses, and that's a concern. That does go to the integrity of the proceedings.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, as applied to this case and this trial and what's happening behind us, that's the reasons why this Gag Order isn't fair.

Juan Merchan: When you say, behind us?

Todd Blanche: I am talking about the press and the fact that there is 24/7 coverage of everything that's happening in this courtroom and everything that the witnesses are saying. And, so, every time we whisper to our client, it's live-streamed over all sorts of social media outlets, every word the witnesses say, and so then you have President Trump who is asked a question.

Todd Blanche: Everybody is talking about it. What do you think of his testimony, and he doesn't say, I think he is a liar. He better watch out. He says something. He can't just say, no comment, repeatedly when he is running for President, and I appreciate the Court's concern, very much so. And we are reacting to what your Honor wrote on Tuesday, but it's also appropriate to turn to what's happening with this trial.

Juan Merchan: What's happening in this trial is no surprise to anyone. I mean, the former President of the United States is on trial. He is the leading candidate for the Republican Party right now. It's not surprising that we have press here. We have press in the overflow room. There are people throughout New York that are interested.

Juan Merchan: Everybody that came into this knew this would happen. We all suspected it. There are no surprises here. So, I don't see how it would press on Mr. Trump if ten outlets are talking about Mr. Pecker.

Todd Blanche: Judge, the reason for the Order -- the reason for the Order is to make sure that witnesses that are going to come in here and testify, are going to do so honestly and without fear of reprisal. And my point in reflecting on the intense scrutiny of every word said by every witness, is that everybody can say whatever they want, except for President Trump.

Juan Merchan: They are not -- they are not defendants in this case. They are not subject to the Gag Order. That's a very significant issue that you are overlooking. I don't have authority over the press. I don't have authority over most of the people that are saying things. I couldn't possibly extend a Gag Order to them.

Juan Merchan: I just don't have that authority. So, I don't see the comparison. I don't see the analogy between comparing your client, who is the Defendant, and who is subject to the Gag Order, with ten members of the press who wrote an article.

Todd Blanche: I am not asking your Honor for an analogy. I am not comparing one to the other. I am saying that when your Honor is considering whether President Trump has willfully violated the Gag Order beyond a reasonable doubt, it makes sense, the Court has to look at what all the press and all the media and what Mr. Pecker was reading about his statements.

Todd Blanche: And so, when you look at what President Trump said about his statements, it does matter. It matters to the willfulness and it matters to whether the reason for the Gag Order is --

Juan Merchan: If I may, I would like to ask you a question, and this has to do with what you are talking about. If we look at the first exhibit, I don't remember the exhibit letter, so I will call it number one, when those statements were made, it was your client who went down to that open area and stood in front of the press and started to speak.

Juan Merchan: It wasn't the press that went to him. He went to the press. He didn't need to go in that direction. The door that he uses is to the right. So you are telling me that, you know, the scrutiny is outrageous. Nobody forced your client to go stand where he did that day.

Todd Blanche: Judge, I agree with that, but two responses. One, there is a much different reason with respect to Mr. Cohen, which I will get to in a minute. And two, nobody is forcing him, but he is running for President. He has to be able to speak. So, your Honor is right. He can walk out there and go right or he can walk out there and go left and make a statement which he is entitled to do and has to do, your Honor.

Todd Blanche: So we are not --

Juan Merchan: That's why he is being allowed to do that. That's why that entire area has been setup the way that it is setup, to ensure that your client, as a candidate for presidency, has the opportunity to speak about absolutely anything he wants, including the District Attorney of New York County. But there are just some things he cannot talk about.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, I am going to talk about Mr. Cohen in a minute. I want to address, briefly, the second Pecker statement, which is Exhibit H to the People's Affirmation. And this statement is -- President Trump is asked the question, what have you thought of David Pecker's testimony so far? When was the last time you spoke to him?

Todd Blanche: President Trump said, he has been very nice. I mean, he has been -- David's been very nice, a nice guy. And, again, he is responding to a question. Mr. Pecker had been on the stand for two days at this point. The Government says that that's threatening and a warning to witnesses that they need to be nice.

Todd Blanche: That's just not true. He is just responding to a question and saying he has been very nice. Your Honor observed his testimony. There is no animosity between the two of them. There were no threatening or menacing statements. Again, Mr. Pecker himself testified about their friendship and the relationship, and he would call him Donald and that he had a great relationship with President Trump over the years.

Todd Blanche: And we, again, put multiple articles in front of the Court, again, not to compare, or not to say that that alone gives President Trump the right to say something, but when the Court is considering whether the purpose of the Gag Order was frustrated by, he has been very nice. I mean, he has been -- David's been very nice, it does matter.

Juan Merchan: Just to save you time, I am not terribly concerned with that one. I think that there are situations where comments like that could be of much greater concern. At this moment, based on what I saw and heard, I am not terribly concerned.

Todd Blanche: I will stop with that. I will talk about Mr. Cohen and the Defendant. Judge, there are two statements the Government read. One was outside of the courtroom and one in response to an interview. Again, the second one was on April 23rd. And, Judge, Mr. Cohen, and I am going to spend a few minutes on this because it's extremely important, in my view the most significant one, has been inviting and almost daring President Trump to respond to everything he has been saying.

Todd Blanche: Again, personal attacks on his character, mocking him for being on trial and also his candidacy for Presidency of the United States. So I just want to put a few up on the screen.

Juan Merchan: Very quickly, please. I want you to make your argument.

Todd Blanche: Sure. So, Exhibit 39, this goes to Mr. Cohen mocking President Trump on X. If we can go to page two and then six and seven, just very quickly. We can -- if we can blow it up a little bit. For the record, it has a photo of President Trump in an orange jumpsuit with a picture next to Nelson Mandela, and it's just a long repost by Mr. Cohen criticizing President Trump.

Todd Blanche: And then we can turn to page six and page seven. And, again --

Juan Merchan: What was the date on that?

Todd Blanche: That date, your Honor, should be up at the top. April 8th of this year, your Honor. And then pages six and seven, it's more of the same. If we can focus on the date, please, at the top, April 14th. And, again, keep messing with me Donald, and I won't send any money to your commissary, a comment by Mr. Cohen.

Todd Blanche: And then something obnoxious. And then on page seven, at the top with the date first, please. And this is on April 16th, please don't forget about the witnesses. We also matter. Reposting a photo of President Trump. Next, if we can turn to Exhibit 64, quickly, please. And this one, Mr. Cohen -- this one says, oh my, shits in pants.

Todd Blanche: Keep whining and crying and violating the Gag Order, you petulant Defendant. This was sent after the Gag Order was put in place. Exhibit 67, please. Again, from Mr. Cohen criticizing, again, your attacks on me stink of desperation. We are all hoping that you take the stand in your Defense, with a picture of President Trump in this courtroom.

Todd Blanche: And, again, that is on April 22nd. And then, finally, Exhibit 110. Again, this is -- this is before the Gag Order, your Honor, April 4th. But, again, this is not necessarily Mr. Cohen criticizing President Trump about this trial, but about his business and his business ventures, your Honor. So, again, there is a lot more.

Todd Blanche: We picked four out of a hat. They are all in kind and all similar. So, the response -- and now we are here again on a violation of the Gag Order as it relates to Mr. Cohen, these are responses to repeated and consistent attacks by him against President Trump, his character, his viability as a candidate. And, as you can see, your Honor, it's also completely throughout the Mea Culpa Podcast and on TikTok.

Todd Blanche: There are repeated attacks on President Trump's candidacy for President by Mr. Cohen. And if we can go to page -- Exhibit 63, excuse me, and page two, this is -- he is not just doing it to attack. I mean, there are repeated reports and, indeed, they are true, that Mr. Cohen has been shopping television shows based upon, not only what he did for President Trump, but also what he has been doing here.

Todd Blanche: And he is talking about that and advertising what he is trying to do. And then, again, there is multiple examples of this in our exhibits. If we can bring up page 37 -- Exhibit 37, page seven, this is an April 12th, political article quoting Mr. Cohen, talking extensively about President Trump's candidacy for President, criticizing him, as someone that should not be voted for.

Todd Blanche: On the same article, next page, it says, Donald does not know how to tell the truth. He lied so many times. He can't keep track of the lies. And then just, very briefly, your Honor, and I hope the point has been made, but we --

Juan Merchan: You made your point. You made your point.

Todd Blanche: Well, okay. But, I mean, on top of everything that I just put in, there is multiple examples of the Mea Culpa Podcast that are over the top, about his character, about his candidacy for President, including multiple interviews with folks in this room, with reporters, who just blast President Trump from what he did as President, and what he would do if he is elected in November.

Todd Blanche: Multiple. I am not talking about one or two. I am talking multiple, in excess of ten, way in excess of ten. Finally, as has been reported, because it's true, Mr. Cohen has started going on TikTok nightly and literally making money. So, there is, apparently, a way you can make money with people doing things, while they are watching you on TikTok.

Todd Blanche: He actively encourages folks to give him money. You can see that he has made money. His TikTok repeatedly criticizes President Trump. He said, as recently as April 29th, mocking and almost poking President Trump as it relates to the Gag Order, I am not the Defendant in a criminal matter, and I am not the subject of Judge Merchan's Gag Order.

Todd Blanche: Donald is, right. And that is after criticizing him extensively. This is not a man that needs protection from the Gag Order. And when you look at what President Trump said about Michael Cohen out here, and then in response to the questions from the interviewer. He wasn't talking about his testimony at this trial.

Todd Blanche: He was talking about his quality as a lawyer. He was talking about the fact that he was a convicted liar, that he had been prosecuted for lying.

Juan Merchan: Can I ask you to address the comments that were made about the jury?

Todd Blanche: Yes. That was my last. So, the Government read the statement that -- it was a 15-second statement out of an interview that was over 21-minutes long. And this was right in the middle of the interview in response to a number of questions about -- at first about policy. And we can exclude the entire interview, but the policy, first about the types of questions that mattered to voters.

Todd Blanche: But this trial matters to voters, so there was a question about this trial. As you know, your Honor is very well aware, we very much believe that this is a political persecution and this is a political trial. And part of that belief and part of President Trump's belief is the location of this trial. The fact that he is being tried in a jurisdiction that is over 90 or --

Juan Merchan: Did he violate the Gag Order? That's all I want to know.

Todd Blanche: I am making an argument that he didn't and laying the foundation.

Juan Merchan: So, I am not accepting your argument, which is why I am asking.

Todd Blanche: Absolutely, positively not.

Juan Merchan: He spoke about the jury, right?

Todd Blanche: Pardon me.

Juan Merchan: And he said that the jury was 95 percent Democrats. And that the jury had been rushed through. And the implication being that this is not a fair jury. That's the implication that was given to anybody that heard that comment. This is not a fair jury.

Todd Blanche: The Gag Order specifically references any prospective juror or any juror in this criminal proceeding. So, he wasn't referencing juror number four is a Democrat or -- which by the way, the press has noted and the press has highlighted. And the press has put on the screens who is democrat and who is not registered.

Todd Blanche: Again, he is talking about, again, in a passing phrase, about the overall proceedings being unfair and political. The jury --

Juan Merchan: Okay. It's ten after ten. Is there anything you would like to say just to wrap it up?

Todd Blanche: Judge, again, we moved to the jury, and I am done with Mr. Cohen. But Mr. Cohen, and the same things in our papers with respect to Ms. Daniels, where, when you go back, the Court goes back and looks at the purpose of the Gag Order, as opposed to just blindly looking at the statements that are made by President Trump, it's not violating.

Todd Blanche: I mean, the Constitutional limits that you put on the Gag Order, that your Honor put on the Gag Order, are for good reasons. Because President Trump has to be able to talk extensively and to respond to questions in a way that don't violate the integrity of these proceedings. And as we said today, Mr. Cohen should not be part of this Gag Order.

Todd Blanche: He does not need to be protected. The same is true for Ms. Daniels. She is not part of the four statements, but she is very similar, although not as voluminous, comments about President Trump personal, candidacy for Presidency and how he was president last time. They are not people that need to be protected, and to the contrary, he has to be able to respond to those, Judge.

Juan Merchan: I understand your argument. Thank you. Is there anything else on this point from either side?

Joshua Steinglass: No.

Juan Merchan: Let's take five minutes before we bring the jury in.

Juan Merchan: I think we can get the witness back on the stand, please.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness entered the courtroom and was properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Good morning, sir. Welcome back. I remind you that you are still under oath.

Note: [K-E-I-T-H D-A-V-I-D-S-O-N, herein, called as a witness, being previously sworn, was examined and testified further as follows.]

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jury entered the courtroom and was properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: All parties, all jurors are present and properly seated.

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, jurors. Welcome back. Mr. Steinglass.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Davidson.

Keith Davidson: Good morning.

Joshua Steinglass: Since you got off the stand on Tuesday afternoon, have you and I discussed anything about the substance of your testimony?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: When we broke on Tuesday afternoon, you were talking about some of the email exchanges back and forth between you and Michael Cohen towards the end of October 2016. Do you remember?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I am now showing you People's Exhibit 168. It's in evidence and being displayed to everyone. I will just ask that we blow it up, and I am going to ask you to focus on the portion of the message that appears to be from Dylan Howard. Do you recognize that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date of that email?

Keith Davidson: October 26, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And the time?

Keith Davidson: 8:23 p.m.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you please read us the body of the email?

Keith Davidson: Michael Keith. Next paragraph. Thank you for chatting with me earlier. Next paragraph. Confirming agreement on -- and there are three bullet points -- executed agreement hand-signed by Keith's client and returned via overnight for same day Fed Ex to Michael. Next bullet point. Change agreement to reflect the correct LLC.

Keith Davidson: And the final bullet point is, transfer funds on Thursday a.m. to be held in escrow until final -- sorry, until receipt of agreement. Thank you both, Dylan.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is this email sent to by Dylan?

Keith Davidson: It's sent to Michael Cohen and I.

Joshua Steinglass: What is your understanding of what this email was about?

Keith Davidson: This email followed a conversation, a conference call, between Dylan and I with Michael Cohen. That conversation took place because there was difficulty in communications with Michael Cohen, and I -- and I had lost trust in what he was telling me. And Dylan came in as the mediator and sort of mediated that meeting, and he followed up with this email.

Joshua Steinglass: What was the reason for losing trust with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I believed he was not telling me the truth.

Joshua Steinglass: About what?

Keith Davidson: Delays, the delays in the funding.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I now want to show you Exhibit 285 in evidence, and I am going to blow it up, and ask you, is this another email exchange between yourself and Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the subject line of the email?

Keith Davidson: Wire on behalf of Essential Consultants LLC.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date of this email?

Keith Davidson: October 27, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And does it appear as though, if you were going chronologically, it would start at the bottom and go up?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the time of the first email?

Keith Davidson: 6:47 am.

Joshua Steinglass: And is this, to be clear, is this document produced by you and retrieved from your service in California?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Joshua Steinglass: We can show you the Bates stamp and see if this helps you to answer the question.

Keith Davidson: Yes, it was produced by me pursuant to subpoena.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, now I am just going to ask you, what does the body of the first email in the chain from Michael Cohen to you say?

Keith Davidson: Keith. Next paragraph. Kindly confirm that the wire received today, October 27, 2016, shall be held in your attorney's trust account until such time as directed for release by me in writing. Next paragraph. Additionally, please ensure that all paperwork contains the correct name of Essential Consultants LLC.

Keith Davidson: Next paragraph. I thank you in advance for your assistance and look forward to hearing from you later. Next paragraph. Yours, Michael Cohen. Managing Member, Essential Consultants, LLC.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you respond?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: At what time?

Keith Davidson: 7:02 p.m.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did you respond?

Keith Davidson: I confirmed that I will work in good faith, and that no funds shall be disbursed, unless and until he personally signs all necessary settlement paperwork, parentheses, the form of which will match the prior agreement, end parentheses. The settlement DOCs will name the correct corporation, parentheses, Essential Consultants LLC, end parentheses.

Keith Davidson: Plaintiff's signature will be notarized and returned to you via Fed Ex. Next paragraph. Only after you receive the Fed Ex, I will disperse. Next paragraph. Fair.

Joshua Steinglass: So let me just ask you a quick question here. The draft of this agreement, I believe you testified was exchanged between you and Michael Cohen back on October 11th of 2016?

Keith Davidson: The 10th or the 11th.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. At that time, was the entity that Michael Cohen was using to fund this deal called Resolution Consultants?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And at some point between then and the final documents, did the entity name change?

Keith Davidson: It did.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did it change to?

Keith Davidson: Essential Consultants LLC.

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter, Susan Pearce-Bates was relieved by Senior Court Reporter, Lisa Kramsky.]

Note: [The following proceedings are continued from the following page.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: I now want to pull back up Exhibit 176-A, which is in evidence, and display Page 12, Lines 536 to 537. Is this a part of that long series of texts between yourself and Dylan Howard?

Note: [Displayed]

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And are these two that we've blown up, what is the date on these texts?

Keith Davidson: October 27th, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: What do the texts say?

Keith Davidson: From Dylan Howard to me: "Money wired I am told."

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have an understanding as to who told Dylan Howard that the funds had been wired?

Keith Davidson: I -- I assumed that it was Michael Cohen. He was the only other one involved.

Joshua Steinglass: And what about your response?

Keith Davidson: "Funds received."

Joshua Steinglass: And did you, in fact, receive these funds as a wire from Essential Consultants on October 27th, 2016 into your escrow account?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Turning to Page 13. Just to continue this text exchange. What, if anything, did Mr. Howard say?

Note: [Displayed]

Keith Davidson: "Unbelievable."

Joshua Steinglass: And you?

Keith Davidson: "Was never really sure..."

Joshua Steinglass: And did Stormy Daniels have to re-sign the original Settlement Agreement and the Side Letter Agreement now that the name of the entity that was funding the deal had been changed from Resolution Consultants to Essential Consultants?

Keith Davidson: She did.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm now showing you what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 276.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Do you recognize these documents?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What are they?

Keith Davidson: This looks to be the cover page, Page 1, of the confidential Settlement Agreement & Mutual Release Assignment of copyright and Non-Disparagement Agreement between -- relating to Stormy Daniels.

Joshua Steinglass: And whom?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And were you involved in drafting these Agreements?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did the Settlement Agreement, the ultimate Settlement Agreement payment amount remain $130,000 in this final version?

Keith Davidson: It did.

Joshua Steinglass: I want to display Page 3 and blow up Paragraph 3.1D.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And I am just going to ask you to read that aloud and then tell us what it means, please?

Keith Davidson: You said you wanted me to read it?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes, please.

Keith Davidson: Aloud?

Joshua Steinglass: Please.

Keith Davidson: Paragraph D: "PP shall not" -- plaintiff shall not -- at any time from the date of this Agreement forward, comma, directly or indirectly disclose or disseminate any of the property or any confidential information, parenthesis, (including confirmation of the fact that it exists or ever existed and/or confirming any rumors as to any such existence), end parenthesis, to any party, as more fully provided herein.

Joshua Steinglass: Does it say "to any third party?"

Keith Davidson: "Any third party."

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And what does that mean?

Keith Davidson: That's essentially part of the nondisclosure aspect of the Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: And I believe you told us yesterday, is "PP" the pseudonym Peggy Peterson for Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: I want to turn to Page 10 and blow up Paragraph 5.1.2. This is on Page 9 of the Settlement Agreement.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: What -- I'm not going to ask you to read this whole thing out loud. Can you just read it to yourself and let us know when you're done reading it. The question I'm going to ask you is what it means?

Keith Davidson: I'm familiar with it. I authored this paragraph.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So what does it mean?

Keith Davidson: It's the Liquidated Damages Provision.

Joshua Steinglass: And does the Liquidated Damages Provision continue onto the next page?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I am just going to quickly show you that last page.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: What was the -- what were the liquidated damages in this case?

Keith Davidson: The stated liquidated damages in this contract was $1 million dollars.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that $1 million dollars per breach?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Was it unusual to have liquidated damages that were so much greater than the original payment under the NDA?

Keith Davidson: I believe that this paragraph, the way that it was drafted, was unenforceable, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: You believe it was unenforceable, why?

Keith Davidson: I -- because the Liquidated Damages Provision would have no relation to the damages caused if there was a breach. The $1 million dollars -- there needs to be a rational relationship between the expected damages in the case of a breach of contract, and the Liquidated Damages Provision are included in contracts where the expected damages, were there to be a breach, would be difficult to ascertain.

Keith Davidson: And they should be reasonably related to the underlying amount of the contract. And, here, a Liquidated Damages Provision of $1 million dollars, which was demanded by Michael Cohen, was so far in excess of the -- of the settlement amount of the contract that it really served no purpose.

Joshua Steinglass: And I believe you answered this, but who requested such large liquidated damages?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, this paragraph that we have blown up refers to "DD." Can you remind us what the "DD" stands for again?

Keith Davidson: It's a pseudonym for the defendant.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that a party to this Agreement?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is the person who DD refers to?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: I now want to display Page 15.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And let me know if you need us to blow this up, but I just want to ask you: Who is accepting service on behalf of DD a/k/a David Dennison a/k/a Donald Trump.

Keith Davidson: Essential Consultants, care of Michael Cohen, Esquire.

Joshua Steinglass: And turning to Page 17 of the exhibit. Is this the first page of the finalized Side Letter Agreement?

Note: [Displayed]

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And is the name of -- the real name of David Dennison written in handwriting?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Whose handwriting is that?

Keith Davidson: My handwriting.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: Can we just zoom in on that, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the date that the Side Letter was entered into?

Keith Davidson: I would have to look at the signature block.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. What is the date that is written in the original paragraph of the Side Letter written agreement?

Keith Davidson: October 28th, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Turning to the next page of the exhibit. Page 18.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And blowing up the second full paragraph. Can you please read that out loud?

Keith Davidson: "It is further agreed, neither party shall keep a copy of this document, and that only Keith M. Davidson, Esquire and Michael D. Cohen, Esquire, counsel for the parties herein, shall maintain possession of it or access to this Side Letter Agreement. And then in all caps: "FOR AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT," comma, "THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AND CONFIRM THAT THIS SIDE LETTER AGREEMENT IS DEEMED," QUOTE, "'ATTORNEY'S EYES ONLY,'" END QUOTE.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That this document was sensitive, that the parties -- that neither party could maintain a copy of this Side Letter Agreement, and that only Michael Cohen and I could possess a fully executed copy of it.

Joshua Steinglass: And to be clear, is this the document that decodes, I guess, the Nondisclosure Agreement between Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: The Settlement Agreement and Nondisclosure Agreement, yes, this is the Side Letter Agreement that decodes the underlying Settlement Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: And I should clarify. When I say "decode," I mean provides the real names of the parties to the Settlement Agreement?

Keith Davidson: True.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Turning to the bottom -- the next page. Oh, no, just the bottom of this page. And I will just ask you, who -- if you signed the Agreement?

Keith Davidson: I did sign the Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: Silly question, but where?

Keith Davidson: Above my name.

Joshua Steinglass: On the line above your name?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Who signed on behalf of Peggy Peterson a/k/a Stephanie Gregory Clifford a/k/a Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: She signed that herself.

Joshua Steinglass: And what was the date that she signed it?

Keith Davidson: October 28th, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: What was the date that you signed it?

Keith Davidson: October 31st, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: And did -- who signed on behalf of Essential Consultants?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And what date did he sign?

Keith Davidson: He wrote that he signed it on October 28th, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: Did anyone ever -- well, let me ask you this, did you ever receive a version where there was a signature on the line for David Dennison's signature?

Keith Davidson: I did not.

Joshua Steinglass: Turning to page 19, which is the last page of the exhibit. What is this exhibit? What is this?

Note: [Displayed]

Keith Davidson: This is an Assignment & Transfer of Copyright. It's an addendum to the Settlement Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: And what does that mean?

Keith Davidson: A -- copyrights are details of an ownership of some sort of intellectual property, and as a result of the underlying contract, it called for a transfer of copyright in any materials that Stephanie Clifford owned an interest in where she transferred that right to the other party in this Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: And if you could blow up the bottom here.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Did Stormy Daniels sign the Agreement?

Keith Davidson: She did.

Joshua Steinglass: Where?

Keith Davidson: Above the line, her signature line, "PP."

Joshua Steinglass: And what name did she use to sign it?

Keith Davidson: Stephanie Clifford.

Joshua Steinglass: Who signed the Agreement on behalf of David Dennison?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen, Esquire.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that above the line -- is that the line that we have highlighted above the "DD"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Now, did he also place the initials "EC" for Essential Consultants at the bottom of the page over the line for "DD"?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: All right. So, Mr. Davidson, how much money did you personally make for this deal?

Keith Davidson: $10,000.

Joshua Steinglass: Did there come a time when you disbursed the monies that you received in a wire from Michael Cohen on October 27th?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you remember how much you disbursed to Stormy Daniels, approximately?

Keith Davidson: [Pause.] I fear that that invades attorney-client privilege. I disbursed everything other than my attorney fees.

Joshua Steinglass: So let me ask you this, did you also, without invading attorney-client privilege, did you also disburse some of the money to Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: I disbursed everything to -- pursuant to my client's directives, her net aspect of the settlement pursuant to her directive.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So directing your attention to November of 2016. Did there come a time when the Agreement between Karen McDougal and AMI became public?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember how that happened?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How?

Keith Davidson: Well, I -- I should clarify.

Joshua Steinglass: Let me ask you that a different way. I don't want to ask you to invade any privilege. Was there an article that was published in a particular publication?

Keith Davidson: There was an article published in the Wall Street Journal that initially publicized the underlying contract between Karen McDougal and AMI.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I want to show you quickly People's 108 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: It's in evidence so everybody can see it. Do you recognize this?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: Is this the Wall Street Journal article that you referenced that broke the story between -- about the deal between AMI and Karen McDougal?

Keith Davidson: It is.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the date of this article?

Keith Davidson: November 4th, 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: After this article was published, or around the time the article was published, did you speak with Michael Cohen about it?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Once or more than once?

Keith Davidson: More than once.

Joshua Steinglass: What do you recall about those conversations?

Keith Davidson: That he was very upset.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you elaborate?

Keith Davidson: He was very upset that the article had been published. He was very upset about the timing of the article. He wanted to know who the source of the article was, why someone would be the source of this type of an article. He was very upset about the timing. He stated that his boss was very upset. And he threatened to sue Karen McDougal.

Joshua Steinglass: And when Michael Cohen said that "his boss was very upset," who did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And when Michael Cohen complained about the timing of the article, what did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That it was in close proximity to the Election of 2016.

Joshua Steinglass: As you sit here, do you remember the date of Election Day 2016?

Keith Davidson: It may have been the 6th, I'm not sure.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. What is your recollection about Karen McDougal's whereabouts at the time that this article was published? If you can answer that without violating privilege?

Keith Davidson: Yeah, I don't know that I have -- I don't know that I have an answer to that question.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Joshua Steinglass: So now I want to direct your attention back to People's Exhibit 176A.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And this might refresh your recollection as to the date of Election Night. From the context of this -- of the text exchange, can you tell, and keeping in mind that this is in London time, UTC time, can you tell -- does this refresh your recollection about when Election Day was in 2016?

Keith Davidson: November 9th.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm just reminding you about the UTC time. So I think you said you weren't a hundred percent familiar with the relationship between UTC Time and East Coast Time, is that true?

Keith Davidson: I don't have a particular knowledge of it.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And does, in UTC time, was that text sent at approximately 3:00 in the morning?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And the first text in this exchange is from you, is that correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you say?

Keith Davidson: "What have we done?"

Joshua Steinglass: What did you mean by that, Mr. Davidson?

Keith Davidson: This was -- this is sort of gallows humor. It was on Election Night as the results were coming in, and there was sort of a surprise amongst the broadcasters and others that Donald Trump was leading in the polls and that there was a growing sense that folks were about ready to call the election.

Joshua Steinglass: And you referred to it as "gallows humor." Can you explain that a little bit more? What did you mean when you say: "What have we done?"

Keith Davidson: I think that there was an understanding that this is a text between Dylan Howard and I, and that there was an understanding that our efforts may have in some way -- I should strike that. That our activities may have in some way assisted the presidential campaign of Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did Dylan Howard respond to your text?

Keith Davidson: "Oh my God."

Joshua Steinglass: After the election -- I should ask you the obvious question: Who won the election?

Keith Davidson: Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: After the election, did you continue to speak with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: Did -- well, did there come any times during the month or two that followed the election when the topic of the Stormy Daniels deal came up?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell the jury a little bit about that?

Keith Davidson: Ummm, after the election, Michael Cohen called me fairly frequently. And there was one particular day, it was on a weekend in mid-December, and this is the period of time after the election, but before Donald Trump had been sworn in as President, and it was -- I think it was on Saturday morning, and I was shopping for the holiday and I got a call from a very despondent and saddened Michael Cohen.

Keith Davidson: And I was at a department store -- which is kind of a whole another story because it was sort of strangely decorated -- and so the whole situation was very odd -- that he was calling me and I was in this strangely-decorated department store. And it was a long phone call, and he had told me -- he was -- he was depressed and despondent and he said that -- he used very colorful language about that stage of his life.

Joshua Steinglass: You are quoting so you can repeat the language.

Keith Davidson: He said something to the effect of: "Jesus Christ. Can you fucking believe I'm not going to Washington. After everything I've done for that fucking guy. I can't believe I'm not going to Washington. I've saved that guy's ass so many times, you don't even know."

Joshua Steinglass: And did --

Keith Davidson: And then --

Joshua Steinglass: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you.

Keith Davidson: And then he made reference to, he said, you know, I never even got paid -- he said: "That fucking guy is not even paying me the 130,000 back."

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you interpret that to mean, that last part?

Keith Davidson: That -- that he was not getting repaid the 130,000.

Joshua Steinglass: And do you remember when that conversation took place?

Keith Davidson: It was some time in mid-December.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to show you privately a document.

Joshua Steinglass: And, obviously, show counsel and the Court as well.

Note: [Displayed only for the previously-described parties.]

Joshua Steinglass: And I'm going to ask you if this is a receipt from the store that you were shopping in from the time that you got the call from Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And does that refresh your recollection as to the day you had this particular conversation with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And we can take that down. Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: What was that day?

Keith Davidson: December 9th.

Joshua Steinglass: And I'm almost afraid to ask this question, but how was the store decorated?

Keith Davidson: It was this store, I think, that has -- I don't know if it's even in still in business -- but it was a store called -- well, it was a warehouse store, like a big box store, and it had -- it was decorated like Alice In Wonderland, and so you felt very small in it. And there were these huge rabbits and a cat in the hat on the ceiling and things like that.

Keith Davidson: It was just a very odd feeling.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So going back to the period of time between the election and the inauguration, during that period did you communicate with Michael Cohen on multiple occasions?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you use phone, texts, encrypted apps, or all of the above?

Keith Davidson: All of the above.

Joshua Steinglass: I am now showing you what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 286.

Joshua Steinglass: And it can be shown to everyone. It's in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And I'm going to direct your attention, I guess, to early 2018 now. Do you recognize this document?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: And can you explain to the jury what it is, please?

Keith Davidson: I had received -- I had received a "comment call," which is when the press is about to publish an article. And I had received a request for comment from the Wall Street Journal in 2018 and shortly before this email and they wanted a comment on -- on any interactions regarding Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And so, just to clarify, you received an inquiry from the Wall Street Journal that led you to believe that they were getting ready to publish an article about the contact between Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And this was how you responded?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And tell us how you responded, please. Just read it for us.

Keith Davidson: "Nothing about the present day regurgitation of these rumors causes us to rethink our prior denial issued in 2011."

Joshua Steinglass: And did you write that to the Wall Street Journal reporter?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: On what day?

Keith Davidson: January 10th, 2018.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you mean when you said "Our prior denial issued in 2011"? What was that a reference to?

Keith Davidson: The Cease and Desist demand letter that was sent to TheDirty.com in 2011.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you forward your response to the Wall Street Journal reporter to anyone?

Keith Davidson: To Michael Cohen. Yes, to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And why did you do that?

Keith Davidson: Because we had a mutuality of interest at this period of time.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain that a little bit to the jury?

Keith Davidson: Well, we had a fully executed Settlement Agreement and Confidentiality Agreement, and now the underlying matter that was the subject of that Settlement Agreement/Confidentiality Agreement was about to be published, and I think I had a contractual duty to let him know that something was about to be published.

Keith Davidson: And we had sort of -- we were acting in unison to address it.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So I want to now show you what has been privately -- what has been marked for identification as People's Exhibit --

Joshua Steinglass: Privately, please, thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: What has been marked for identification as People's Exhibit 255.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you recognize this exhibit?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

Keith Davidson: I believe that these are -- it's a database of messaging between Michael Cohen and I.

Joshua Steinglass: And are these instant messages back and forth between yourself and Michael Cohen during this period in January and perhaps in February of 2018?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you remember sending and receiving these texts?

Keith Davidson: For the most part, yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And do they pertain to your conversations with Michael Cohen at -- at or around the time that the details of the Stormy Daniels payoff became public?

Keith Davidson: The Stormy Daniels settlement.

Joshua Steinglass: The Stormy Daniels settlement, yes?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And are they exact copies of your instant messages back and forth between Michael Cohen, to the best of your recollection?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And do the date and timestamps appear to be accurate, to the best of your recollection?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer them into evidence. Or I offer this exhibit into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. And I am now displaying publicly People's Exhibit 255, starting on Page 1. And I am going to ask that we blow up -- thank you -- lines 1 and 2.

Joshua Steinglass: And kind of the way we did with the Exhibit 176A, I'm just going to ask you to read some of these text back and forth and explain what they mean. And give us the date when appropriate. So starting with this top one. What is the date of these blown-up texts?

Keith Davidson: January 10th, 2018.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is that first one from and who is it to?

Keith Davidson: From me to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the body of the texts or instant message?

Keith Davidson: You know, when I look at this -- I think earlier I testified that that email that I sent to the Wall Street Journal, they called me for a comment. Now that I read this, it makes me think that maybe they called her for comment and I responded on her behalf, for whatever that's worth.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you for clarifying that.

Keith Davidson: Thanks.

Joshua Steinglass: You can proceed, please.

Keith Davidson: Okay. WSJ -- the Wall Street Journal -- called Stormy. She didn't answer. They say they are running a story and have a deadline of tonight for her comment -- tonight for her to comment.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. And how did Michael Cohen respond to that?

Keith Davidson: Write a strong denial for her like you did before.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: Like, I understood that he wanted me to write a strong denial comment for her.

Joshua Steinglass: A denial of what?

Keith Davidson: Everything.

Joshua Steinglass: Including the sexual encounter with Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So without revealing privileged communications, did you send a denial to Stormy Daniels for her to sign?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Take a look, please, at People's Exhibit 277 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Do you recognize this document?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Joshua Steinglass: What is it?

Keith Davidson: This is a statement from Stormy Daniels dated January 10th, 2018.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you prepare this statement?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you read it to us, please?

Keith Davidson: "January 10th, 2018. To Whom it May Concern: I recently became aware that certain news outlets are alleging that I had a sexual and/or romantic affair with Donald Trump many, many, many years ago. I am stating with complete clarity that this is absolutely false. My involvement with Donald Trump was limited to a few public appearances and nothing more.

Keith Davidson: When I met Donald Trump, he was gracious, professional and a complete gentleman to me and everyone in my presence. Rumors that I have received hush money from Donald Trump are completely false. If indeed I did have a relationship with Donald Trump, trust me, you wouldn't be reading about it in the news, you would be reading about it in my book.

Keith Davidson: But the fact of the matter is, these stories are not true. Stormy Daniels.

Joshua Steinglass: How would you characterize, Mr. Davidson, the truthfulness of this statement?

Keith Davidson: Well, I think that this is a tactic that is oftentimes used in the, oftentimes, the cat and mouse interactions between publicists and attorneys and the press and that an extremely strict, extremely strict reading of this denial would technically be true.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain that? How is this technically true?

Keith Davidson: Well, I think you have to go through it word by word, and it would -- if you did so, I think it would technically be true with an extremely fine reading of it.

Joshua Steinglass: So let me direct you to two parts in particular. The first two sentences, when it states that she -- that Ms. Daniels was contacted by certain news outlets alleging that she had a sexual and/or romantic affair with Donald Trump, many, many, many years ago and then it states that that's absolutely false. How is that technically correct?

Keith Davidson: Well, I think you would have to hone in on the definition of romantic, sexual and affair.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Can you explain that?

Keith Davidson: Well, I don't think that anyone had ever alleged that any interaction between she and Mr. Trump was romantic.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. How about sexual?

Keith Davidson: Well, that would be a sexual and/or romantic.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So let me just zoom out for a second and say, did you understand this statement to be cleverly misleading?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand the question.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you understand, at the time that you wrote this letter, that Stormy Daniels had, in fact, had a sexual encounter with Donald Trump at some point?

Keith Davidson: That was my understanding.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So I want to direct your attention to the first line of the second paragraph: "Rumors that I received hush money from Donald Trump are completely false," okay.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: How is that technically true?

Keith Davidson: Well, it's really no different than our interaction a few minutes ago where you called it a payoff.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Keith Davidson: It wasn't a payoff and it wasn't hush money. It was consideration in a civil Settlement Agreement.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you just explain that a little bit more of what consideration is for, what you mean when you say a consideration?

Keith Davidson: Well, I think, in the simplest of examples, a consideration is money or something of value that's exchanged in a contract. I will pay you $5 if you mow my lawn. The $5 will be a consideration.

Joshua Steinglass: So do I understand you correctly to be saying that you don't think the term "hush money" accurately describes the exchange of money that -- the money that was paid to Stormy Daniels by Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: Can you please restate that.

Joshua Steinglass: Yeah. Do I understand you -- withdrawn. Would you use the phrase "hush money" to describe the money that was paid to your client by Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: I would never use that word.

Joshua Steinglass: And what would be the word that you would use to describe it?

Keith Davidson: Consideration.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I now want to ask you if you sent a copy of this document to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: All right. I now want to move on and show you more of what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 255.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Is that a series of text exchanges from January 2018 with Michael Cohen? And particularly I want to direct your attention to Page 2, Entry 19.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And ask you what is being said and by whom and when?

Keith Davidson: This is January 17th, 2018, from Michael Cohen to me. "I have her tentatively scheduled for Hannity tonight. Call me after your trial."

Joshua Steinglass: Now, can you tell us what you understood that to mean, please, Mr. Davidson?

Keith Davidson: I understood this to mean that he had her tentatively, "her," Stormy Daniels, tentatively scheduled to appear on the television show Hannity that night.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know for what purpose?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: So you understood this to mean, to be saying -- for Michael Cohen to be is stating that he had scheduled your client to appear on Hannity that night?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And did your client actually appear on Hannity that night?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Have you previously examined this text exchange?

Keith Davidson: I have previously seen it.

Joshua Steinglass: Are there a series of texts about whether -- whether or not she should appear and when on Hannity that followed this?

Keith Davidson: I think. And preceded it. But this was sort of in one of Michael Cohen's pants on fire stages, where he was sort of frantically trying to address the fact that Stormy's story had percolated into public consumption and he -- he was frantic. I was in a trial and -- which is fairly all consuming -- and it was just many, many, many phone calls and many, many text messages with little regard for my schedule.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have any understanding of how having your client appear on Hannity would help Michael Cohen? Why he was pushing for that?

Keith Davidson: A few minutes ago, we discussed the -- Michael Cohen's request for me to write a strong denial the way that I did way back then. And what he was referring to, I think, was the letter that I sent to The Dirty in 2011. But there was no denial in the -- in the Cease and Desist demand that I sent to The Dirty in 2011. And that as a fact was just wrong.

Keith Davidson: And then I sent him the exhibit that we just looked at, which was sort of that carefully worded denial. And I believe that he thought that her -- he, Michael Cohen, thought that Stormy going on Hannity, which -- would somehow help him and his client. I believe that I -- I had an understanding that he believed that she would further deny the interaction.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Moving on to another text that I want to bring to your attention. And this is the one beginning "Keith, the wise men," okay. What was the date that this text was sent and who was it sent from and who was it sent to?

Keith Davidson: It was January 17th, 2018, from Michael Cohen to me.

Joshua Steinglass: And what does it say?

Keith Davidson: "Keith, the wise men all believe the story is dying and don't think it's smart for her to do any interviews." Period. "Let her do her thing, but no interviews at all with anyone."

Joshua Steinglass: And did you respond?

Joshua Steinglass: I think we need to blow up one more text here.

Note: [Displayed]

Keith Davidson: "100 percent."

Joshua Steinglass: Can we have them together, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Mr. Davidson, what did you understand Michael Cohen's text to mean when he said "The wise men all believe the story is dying and she shouldn't do any interviews"?

Keith Davidson: Again, that this was sort of in one of his pants on fire stages and that he was running around planning things. And then when he ran it up the flag pole or consulted someone or some group, whoever "wise men" are, that they didn't think that it was a good idea for her to actually appear on Hannity.

Joshua Steinglass: And, to your knowledge, did she appear on Hannity?

Keith Davidson: She never appeared on Hannity, to my knowledge.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And just turning your attention to the next page, continuing this same exchange, how does -- after you say "100 percent," how does Michael Cohen respond?

Keith Davidson: "Thanks, pal."

Joshua Steinglass: And does he send a follow-up text after that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what does he say?

Keith Davidson: "Just no interviews or statements unless through you."

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That it was his request that I manage the communications for her.

Joshua Steinglass: "Her" being Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And how did you respond?

Keith Davidson: "Got it."

Joshua Steinglass: Showing you some more of this exchange on Page 7, Lines 64 through 73. And, again, I will just ask you to kind of walk us through who sends which texts when and what they mean. Starting --

Joshua Steinglass: And maybe we can zoom in a little bit.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Starting with, "And she's 64."

Keith Davidson: So you would just like me to read it?

Joshua Steinglass: Well, I would like you to tell us the date, who is it from, who is it to. And then, yes, please read?

Keith Davidson: Okay. January 24th, 2018, from me to Michael Cohen. "Spoke to her." Meaning Stormy. "Everything is as we discussed. She steadfastly refuses to speak about the past."

Joshua Steinglass: And what did Michael Cohen say?

Keith Davidson: 1/25/2018: "We will see because it airs tonight."

Joshua Steinglass: And did he then send another text that same day?

Keith Davidson: I think it might be the next day, the 26th.

Joshua Steinglass: Oh. It's a little small for me to read from here. Thank you. The 26th. Yes, please?

Keith Davidson: From Michael Cohen to me, "Why is she going on Kimmel after the SOTU."

Joshua Steinglass: Do you have an understanding of what "S-O-T-U" meant?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What?

Keith Davidson: State of the Union Address.

Joshua Steinglass: And does that particular text from Michael Cohen stand out to you for any reason?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. How did you respond, if at all?

Keith Davidson: I responded very shortly thereafter, "IDK" -- I don't know -- "I was pissed. She said this is her shot. I'm not meeting with her this weekend to prep her." "Prep her and" -- I would like to start over.

Joshua Steinglass: Sure.

Keith Davidson: "IDK." I don't know. "I was pissed. She said this is her shot. I'm meeting with her this weekend to prep her and get the statement."

Joshua Steinglass: What statement were you trying to get?

Keith Davidson: He had asked -- at this moment in time, I was in a very difficult situation and I think Stormy was in a very difficult situation. She had that lengthy Settlement Agreement, which called for penalties if she breached the non-disparagement, she would have to give back any profits that she made. She would have to return the consideration, the 130,000, and she may have to pay, if it was enforceable, the liquidated damage clause.

Keith Davidson: And so we have Cohen saying -- and what I understood him saying -- let her do her thing, just don't talk about the past. And Stormy saying, I, you know, this was her shot. She wanted to -- she wanted to talk about her life and reinvigorate her career. So this was a conversation about Stormy Daniels going on the Late Night Show with Jimmy Kimmel.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So continue onto the next page, Page 8, entries 74 to 75. Again, I will just ask you to give us, the same way you have been doing, the date, and who is texting who and what is being said?

Keith Davidson: This is a text from Michael to me on January 30th, 2018, "It is out."

Joshua Steinglass: Can we just blow this up a little bit more or zoom in a little bit more.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: And what are these series of -- you don't have to read every single one of these, what are these texts about and did you already tell us the date of these?

Keith Davidson: January 30th.

Joshua Steinglass: So what are you texting about at this point?

Keith Davidson: Apparently, there was a news article that had been published. I was receiving hundreds of phone calls at my office.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: Let's scroll down a little bit.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Do you see the texts that is -- it looks like it's on January 30th, 2018, at 5:49:59 p.m.?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And who is that from?

Keith Davidson: From me to Michael Cohen.

Joshua Steinglass: And what is the body of the text?

Keith Davidson: "She is stating that she authorized it and she released it of her own volition."

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand that to mean or what did you mean when you wrote that, I should say?

Keith Davidson: That's the -- Michael Cohen had requested yet another statement from Stormy Daniels and that on the day of -- that she was appearing on Jimmy Kimmel -- and he wanted to know whether or not she was going to release it.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I want to show you Page 9, just to continue this, of the same exhibit, lines 86 through 87. And, again, I would just ask you to tell us who is texting who when and what it means?

Keith Davidson: This is January 30th, 2018, from me to Michael Cohen. Quote: "She's good for now... but it's a shit load of work."

Joshua Steinglass: But what did you mean by that? What was a lot of work?

Keith Davidson: Just this case had begun to eat up a lot of time.

Joshua Steinglass: And how did Michael Cohen respond?

Keith Davidson: "I'm sorry but thank you."

Joshua Steinglass: And so you just referenced another statement. Did you, in fact, prepare another denial for her to sign immediately prior to her appearance on Jimmy Kimmel?

Keith Davidson: There was another statement that was prepared and released.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Let me show you People's Exhibit 278. This is in evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: I will ask that we blow it up a little bit.

Joshua Steinglass: And I will ask you, is this the statement of denial from January 30th, 2018?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And did -- withdrawn. Who typed this document?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And where were you when you did that?

Keith Davidson: I was in the Marilyn Monroe Suite at the Roosevelt Hotel in Hollywood, California.

Joshua Steinglass: And who else was present?

Keith Davidson: There were make-up artists. To my recollection, there were make-up artists and hair dressers. There was the -- Gina Rodriguez was there, her then boyfriend Anthony was there. Stormy was there. I was there. I think that's it.

Joshua Steinglass: And where in relation did -- withdrawn. Did you say why you were in that room in the hotel? What was happening? Why was hair and make up there?

Keith Davidson: The -- the Roosevelt Hotel is a classic, old Hollywood place on Hollywood Boulevard where they have the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the stars. And it's right next to where Kimmel films. And the Jimmy Kimmel Show had put Stormy up at the Roosevelt Hotel and specifically requested that suite. And I think she was preparing to go on Kimmel that night.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Can you read for us the statement.

Keith Davidson: "To Whom it May Concern:" Next paragraph. "Over the past few weeks, I have been asked countless times to comment on reports of an alleged sexual relationship that I had with Donald Trump many, many, many years ago." Next paragraph. "The fact of the matter is that each party to this alleged affair denied its existence in 2006, 2011, 2016, 2017 and now again in 2018." "I am not denying this affair because I was paid 'hush money' as has been reported in overseas owned tabloids.

Keith Davidson: I am denying this affair because it never happened." Period. Next paragraph. "I will have no further comment on this matter." Period. "Please feel free to check me out on Instagram at @TheStormyDaniels." Excuse me, "@TheStormyDaniels."

Joshua Steinglass: Mr. Davidson, how would you characterize truthfulness of this statement?

Keith Davidson: I think it's technically true.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you explain that? Can you explain how it's true that it says an alleged sexual relationship, which basically denies them having a sexual relationship, is that right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And how is that -- how is that technically true?

Keith Davidson: Because I don't think that anyone had ever alleged that there was a relationship between Stormy Daniels and Donald Trump. I believe their relationship is an ongoing interaction.

Joshua Steinglass: And it also makes a reference -- withdrawn. It denies that Stormy Daniels was paid hush money. If I asked you to explain that, would you give basically the same answer that you gave in connection with the denial from January 10th of 2018?

Keith Davidson: I would.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I want to go back to your exchange with Michael Cohen on People's Exhibit 255. Directing your attention, in particular, to Page 9, starting with Entries 88 to 97.

Note: [Displayed]

Joshua Steinglass: Starting with the top. Can you give us the time, please, and the date.

Keith Davidson: The date is -- they are all January 31st, 2018. It starts at 12:21 a.m., from Michael Cohen to me.

Joshua Steinglass: And is that 12:21 a.m. UTC minus 5?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Joshua Steinglass: Does it say UTC minus 5?

Keith Davidson: It does.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. But you don't know what that means, is that right?

Keith Davidson: Well, I could figure it out, but.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, I don't want you to guess --

Keith Davidson: All right.

Joshua Steinglass: -- if you're not sure?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So what did the -- who is the first text from in this particular exchange?

Keith Davidson: "She just denied the letter." This is from Michael Cohen to me.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg relieved Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. And what did you understand it to mean?

Keith Davidson: Well, I took it to mean that he was watching Stormy Daniels on Kimmel, and that he was reporting to me what was being broadcast.

Joshua Steinglass: So, who do you understand "she" to be in reference to?

Keith Davidson: Stormy Daniels.

Joshua Steinglass: What is the next text in this chain, from whom to whom?

Keith Davidson: From Michael Cohen to me: "Claiming it's not her signature."

Joshua Steinglass: Keep going, please.

Keith Davidson: "You said she did it in front of you."

Joshua Steinglass: I should just ask, this series of texts that's up on the screen, are these sent within fairly rapid succession, all within a five-minute window?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And I believe you testified that you understood this to be happening while Michael Cohen was watching Stormy Daniels appearing on the Kimmel show, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, what do you understand it to mean when Michael Cohen said to you, "You said she did it in front of you"?

Keith Davidson: Um, that he was repeating something I had previously told him, which is that that most recent statement was signed in front of me.

Joshua Steinglass: The one that was signed in the Roosevelt Hotel?

Keith Davidson: That's right.

Joshua Steinglass: So, then did you respond to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you say?

Keith Davidson: "She did." Period. "Impossible. She posted it on her own Twitter page."

Joshua Steinglass: How did Michael Cohen respond?

Keith Davidson: "They showed her signature and she claimed it was not hers on Kimmel."

Joshua Steinglass: Did you respond in any way?

Keith Davidson: "WTF."

Joshua Steinglass: I hate to ask, what does that mean?

Keith Davidson: It's sort of an -- it's a signal of exasperation of: What the fuck. I didn't watch Kimmel, so I was getting all this information, but I wasn't watching the show.

Joshua Steinglass: Got it. Scrolling down to Page 11, Lines 112 to 113. I should ask before I blow this up, in the interim, is there some back and forth about Stormy Daniels' appearance on Kimmel?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, now, going to Lines 112 and 113 on Page 11, I'm going to ask you what time this text was sent and by whom?

Keith Davidson: January 31, 2018, at 1:30 UTC, from Michael to me: "Please tell Gina to ensure she responds the same as your statement tomorrow when she does The View." That television show. "This is not a comedy show!" Exclamation point.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you understand that to mean?

Keith Davidson: That Michael was upset about what he understood was Stormy denying that she had signed the statement.

Joshua Steinglass: Before we move on, I believe you testified this was UTC. But, does it actually say UTC minus five?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Shortly thereafter, did you respond to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did you say?

Keith Davidson: "Gina is ticked off at Stormy because Stormy made her look like a liar. Gina says she is going to have a long talk with Stormy on the plane to New York tomorrow. She assured me that this will get handled." Apparently, they were going to New York to film The View.

Joshua Steinglass: What were you saying to Michael Cohen here? What did you mean?

Keith Davidson: Well, again, like I mentioned earlier, we're trying to thread a needle and hold off allegations of breach and all the penalties that would come with that, where -- where Cohen would -- would -- you know, file an arbitration or sue Stormy, and that would be a whole 'nother disaster. So, we're trying to placate him while also trying to meet Stormy's desires.

Joshua Steinglass: And without getting into any privileged communications between yourself and Stormy Daniels, did Michael Cohen threaten a lawsuit against Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Many times.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you tell us, basically, what he said about that?

Keith Davidson: He would -- I mean, he can be a very aggressive guy. Aggressive in his pursuits to protect his client. And he would, often times, you know, make legal threats, say that he would bankrupt her and, um, "Rain legal hell down upon her," um, and, "Don't fuck with us. You don't know who you're fucking with," things like that.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you -- if you had an understanding, what did you understand Michael Cohen to be attempting to get you to do?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand your question.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Regarding Stormy Daniels' story, did you have an understanding about what Michael Cohen wanted you to do regarding Stormy Daniels and her story?

Keith Davidson: Well, he wants to hear her deny her story to protect his client.

Joshua Steinglass: That's what I was asking. Okay. Going back to this -- excuse me one second. Going back to People's 255, your text exchange with Michael Cohen, and turning to Page 12, Lines 122 to 123. I'm sorry. 122 to 133.

Joshua Steinglass: I'll just ask you to blow it up a little bit.

Joshua Steinglass: You don't have to read every single one of these, but could you read them to yourself and tell us a little bit about what's happening here?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: You want me to keep going?

Joshua Steinglass: Let's scroll down a little bit more.

Joshua Steinglass: Let me stop right there for a second and direct you to the text that appears to be on February 13, 2018, at 10:30 PM, UTC minus five time. Okay?

Keith Davidson: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: It says Michael Cohen appeared to text you a particular email address.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Whose email address does he text you?

Keith Davidson: Christopher Cuomo.

Joshua Steinglass: Who did you understand Christopher Cuomo to be?

Keith Davidson: He's a news broadcaster, then with CNN.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. Scrolling down a little bit. Did you see the text that's sent about 11:55 PM from Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What is he saying?

Keith Davidson: The first one is: "Yes." The second one is: "Can you send me the statement."

Joshua Steinglass: And did you respond to that within a little less than an hour or so?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you say?

Keith Davidson: "I am sending you this draft because it is truthful. What do you think? I represented Stephanie Clifford in the Michael Cohen, slash, Stephanie Clifford transaction. I read today that Michael Cohen reports that the source of the $130,000 paid to Ms. Clifford was from his own personal funds. Period. That assertion is in complete harmony with what he informed me of at the time of the transaction."

Joshua Steinglass: And did Michael Cohen respond?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: What did he say?

Keith Davidson: "Perfect. Send to Cuomo."

Joshua Steinglass: What's going on here, Mr. Davidson?

Keith Davidson: Uh, I don't know. I think that he was under some fire, um, and wanted validation or corroboration that the 130,000 was, in fact, paid from him and not paid from anyone else.

Joshua Steinglass: And did he ask you to write a statement to that effect to send to Christopher Cuomo?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you share it with Michael Cohen before sending it to Christopher Cuomo?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Joshua Steinglass: And did you, ultimately, send it to Christopher Cuomo?

Keith Davidson: I did. I recall that I did. I believe I did.

Joshua Steinglass: How would you characterize the truthfulness of this statement?

Keith Davidson: I believe it's truthful.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you -- you told us yesterday that you believe that the ultimate source of the funds was Donald Trump, is that correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: So, how do you reconcile those two -- how do you reconcile that with the statement?

Keith Davidson: The going back and forth in the days before that this Stormy Daniels/Michael Cohen deal was consummated in October 2016, and if you recall, there was a period where he said, Fuck it. I'll just do it myself." That's what I was referring to in the statement.

Joshua Steinglass: So, the statement does not undermine your belief that the ultimate source of the funds was Mike -- was Donald Trump?

Keith Davidson: At the time of the transaction.

Joshua Steinglass: Can you just clarify that for a second?

Keith Davidson: At the time of the transaction, Michael Cohen told me -- as the statement said, at the time of the transaction, Michael Cohen told me, "Fuck it. I'll just do it myself."

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So -- all right. I understand. Thank you. Um, my next question is, did you -- directing your attention, I guess, to early April of 2018, did you go on CNN and say that Michael Cohen used his own funds to pay Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: And why did you say that?

Keith Davidson: Because I understood that he did.

Joshua Steinglass: Based on the same statement that he made at the time of the transaction?

Keith Davidson: And even later on, that December 9th conversation that I had with him at the department store where he said that he had not been reimbursed.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Joshua Steinglass: Um, one more moment, please.

Joshua Steinglass: Mr. Davidson, do you have any stake in the outcome of this trial?

Keith Davidson: No. Not at all.

Joshua Steinglass: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Let's go ahead and take our morning recess, jurors. Step out, and I'll see you in about ten minutes

Court Officer: All rise.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are excused.]

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: We can get the witness.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, Keith Davidson, having been previously duly sworn and/or affirmed, resumes the witness stand and testifies as follows.]

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are present and properly seated.]

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, will you stipulate that the jurors are present.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm sorry. Yes, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Bove.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Cross-examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Good morning, Mr. Davidson.

Keith Davidson: Good morning.

Emil Bove: Barely good morning. My name is Emil Bove, and I represent President Trump, who's here on my left.

Keith Davidson: Nice to meet you.

Emil Bove: It's nice to meet you, too. You've never met President Trump, correct?

Keith Davidson: Never.

Emil Bove: And Tuesday was the first time that you've been in the same room as him, right?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: You've never spoken to President Trump?

Keith Davidson: Never.

Emil Bove: You have no first-hand knowledge of the business records of The Trump Organization, right?

Keith Davidson: Only those that I received.

Emil Bove: Well, you received some records from Michael Cohen, correct?

Keith Davidson: Emails and such.

Emil Bove: In fact, everything that you know about President Trump came from either TV or Michael Cohen, right?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Much of what you testified to today with respect to your beliefs about Mr. Trump came from Mr. Cohen, right?

Keith Davidson: I have -- I have had no personal interactions with Donald Trump. And either it came from my clients, Michael Cohen, and from some other source, but certainly not from him.

Emil Bove: I would like to focus on 2016.

Keith Davidson: All right.

Emil Bove: In that period, you had a strong professional relationship with Dylan Howard, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And a close personal relationship, also, right? Friends?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: I think you said you'd known him for over a decade, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: How did you guys meet?

Keith Davidson: I'm not sure.

Emil Bove: Was it in connection with your work?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: And in 2016, you were talking to Mr. Howard just about every day, right?

Keith Davidson: I would think. Several times a week.

Emil Bove: And on the professional side of things, Mr. Howard helped you get business from AMI, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You got a couple of matters from AMI, right?

Keith Davidson: Limited, yes.

Emil Bove: One was an employment claim by a reporter, right?

Keith Davidson: I think so. I seem to recall there was a California matter. They were being sued, and I was being consulted on that.

Emil Bove: And there was an entertainment deal with film rights AMI decided not to move forward on?

Keith Davidson: That's right.

Emil Bove: Would it surprise you to learn that Mr. Howard considered you to be a major source of information?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that surprises you, notwithstanding the near-daily contact in 2016?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: And is part of the reason for your surprise is that you're an attorney, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you're not suggesting that you were providing client confidences to Dylan Howard, right?

Keith Davidson: Not at all.

Emil Bove: And then, one of the things you talked about on Tuesday and today, I think, was your representation of Karen McDougal, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: If I understood it correctly, Ms. McDougal did not want to publish an article about the claims that have been discussed here, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And you testified in the Grand Jury in this case, right?

Keith Davidson: I did.

Emil Bove: At the District Attorney's Office, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: They were the ones asking the questions, right?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: And that was in 2023?

Keith Davidson: I -- I can't recall.

Emil Bove: It was within the last 18 months?

Keith Davidson: Roughly.

Emil Bove: In there, you testified that Miss McDougal never really wanted to tell her story to the public, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And I think you said on Tuesday that she had three goals, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: One goal was to rejuvenate her career, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And that was your understanding in 2016, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: And Ms. McDougal had had a real career up to that point, is that right?

Keith Davidson: She certainly had had a real career prior to, yes.

Emil Bove: She had been on magazine covers, correct?

Keith Davidson: More than that. Yeah. She had -- she had a very healthy career.

Emil Bove: And that included not just on the Playboy part, but also in the fitness industry, right?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: And so, by "rejuvenate", there was -- at the time, in 2016, when you say "rejuvenate", there was ongoing value in her image and likeness, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And I think you said that one of the other goals was to make money, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And I want to talk about this, more about this a little later. That wasn't just her goal, but it was also the goal of some of the people around her?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Emil Bove: And the third goal was the one we were talking about, to avoid having to tell her story, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And Ms. McDougal has been clear about that publicly, right?

Keith Davidson: That's my understanding.

Emil Bove: She said that on -- in an interview with Anderson Cooper?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you have described the deal that she got with AMI as her "dream deal", right?

Keith Davidson: I think she described it as her "dream deal".

Emil Bove: And that's consistent with your interactions with her, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you don't think -- tell me if this is wrong. You did not discuss the McDougal AMI deal with Michael Cohen until after it was closed, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes. That is true.

Emil Bove: And I think -- sorry to cut you off. I think you said on Tuesday that you reached out to him afterwards as a professional courtesy?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: But he wasn't involved in any negotiations, correct?

Keith Davidson: Not that I'm aware of.

Emil Bove: Let's focus on Cohen a little bit. I think you said you encountered him for the first time in 2011?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And that was in connection with this kind of blog post on The Dirty?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: The Dirty was a web post at the time that focused on gossip?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: And there was a post with the general substance of the same allegations that Stormy Daniels made subsequently, in 2016, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And at that time, 2011, Gina Rodriguez was Stormy Daniels' manager?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: She told you that she wanted to get the story taken down?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: And you described Ms. Rodriguez as sort of a story broker?

Keith Davidson: That's part of what she does, yes.

Emil Bove: And part of her business, I think you said, was in monetizing stories?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: Monetizing news?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And in 2011, you had already been working with Ms. Rodriguez for a while, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And, so, you served as a conduit to help get this story down?

Keith Davidson: I was asked. I was, in essence, retained to use my best efforts to get that blog taken down, yes.

Emil Bove: And you said, "in essence, retained". You were, in fact, retained by Stormy Daniels in connection with that engagement, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that engagement, the attorney-client engagement was not committed to writing, was it?

Keith Davidson: It was not.

Emil Bove: And there's nothing wrong with that, is there?

Keith Davidson: There is not.

Emil Bove: That's an ethical practice, to have an attorney-client relationship without an Engagement Letter, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now, focusing on Ms. Rodriguez for a minute. Is it fair to say that you've had a reciprocal referral relationship with Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: I think that's fair.

Emil Bove: She sends you some business?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Some clients?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And vice-versa, you send her some clients, right?

Keith Davidson: I think less so, but perhaps.

Emil Bove: Reciprocal, but a little bit one-sided?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: You're still fairly close with Ms. Rodriguez, right?

Keith Davidson: Somewhat.

Emil Bove: I mean, you actually tried to represent her in connection with this investigation, right?

Keith Davidson: Well, I didn't try to. She was contacted by the District Attorney's Office. They wanted her to come in and give a statement. And I returned the call on her behalf as my client.

Emil Bove: The reason I used the word "try" is that you were instructed by the District Attorney's Office that they viewed that as a conflict because of your status as a witness, right?

Keith Davidson: Well, I took issue with that, but yes.

Emil Bove: You didn't necessarily agree, but that was the instruction?

Keith Davidson: I don't agree with the word "instruction". That was their --

Emil Bove: Position?

Keith Davidson: -- position. That was their position.

Emil Bove: My point here was, the relationship with Rodriguez and you was close enough in 2023 that she still looked at you as someone that she still trusted to be her counsel?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And in 2011, the way that this worked, as I understand it, is that you sent a Cease and Desist Letter to The Dirty?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And at some point around this time, the blog post got picked up by the New York Daily News, correct?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: The story started to get out there a little bit, right?

Keith Davidson: That's right. Yes. It was republished or repurposed by other elements.

Emil Bove: So, the news had been disseminated, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you also worked to have the Daily News take down their internet article reflecting Ms. Daniels' allegations, correct?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: And in connection with that effort, you working to get the story from the Daily News down, you were also acting as Ms. Daniels' attorney, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Still no Retainer Agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: Did you ever have an Engagement Letter with Ms. Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Was that in 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now let's focus a little bit on that 2016 engagement. You had an Engagement Letter for providing legal services to Ms. Daniels, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And I think you described reaching a settlement, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you've used during your testimony litigation terms like "plaintiff" and "defendant" to describe the parties to that Settlement Agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So, from your perspective, it is true, is it not, that you're providing Ms. Daniels legal services with regard to the Agreement that led to the payment of $130,000?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You talked a little bit today about the Side Letter to the Agreement in 2016.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Remember that?

Keith Davidson: [Nods].

Emil Bove: I think the word "decoded" was used, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: These acronyms, Peggy Peterson and David Dennison, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was something you had used in the past, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was your idea, right?

Keith Davidson: No. No. It's not my idea. It's widely used with these types of agreements.

Emil Bove: You talked a little bit, today, about a December 9th, 2016 conversation with Michael Cohen, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And I think you said he sounded disheartened, correct?

Keith Davidson: I -- yes.

Emil Bove: And at other times, do you recall having described that conversation in terms of you left the talk in concern for his physical safety, his wellbeing, that's how bad he sounded?

Keith Davidson: I thought he was gonna kill himself.

Emil Bove: And the concern on that call was that he understood he wasn't going to get a position in President Trump's Administration, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And he had at times, in conversation with you, referenced potentially being President Trump's Chief of Staff, right?

Keith Davidson: Amongst others.

Emil Bove: Amongst others. Right. He also mentioned potentially being the Attorney General of the United States, right?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: In this call at the Wonderland Warehouse, he was conveying to you that's not going to happen, and he was, very very upset about it, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: Now, I would like to take a step back and talk about, sort of, how you've interacted with law enforcement during the course of this investigation. Okay?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: It started out in 2018, with some meetings with Federal Prosecutors, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you recall how many meetings?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: How many?

Keith Davidson: Three.

Emil Bove: And that was in 2018, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you were asked during those meetings about your interactions with Stormy Daniels, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And with Karen McDougal, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And in those meetings, the attorney-client privilege did not come up as much, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't -- I don't know how to answer that question.

Emil Bove: You've invoked the privilege in your testimony at this trial several times, correct?

Keith Davidson: A few times, yes.

Emil Bove: And you've also invoked it with meetings with the District Attorney that we'll talk about in a little bit, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And my question is, do you recall invoking the privilege during those three meetings with the Federal Prosecutors in 2018?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And then, at some point, you started to meet with the District Attorney's Office, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that was several years later, correct, time went by?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: Do you remember when the first meeting was?

Keith Davidson: Not particularly.

Emil Bove: Does 2021 sound about right?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: And do you recall if the first meeting was actually remote, I think by Zoom?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And the main person asking the questions during that meeting was Mark Pomerantz, do you recall that?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: Do you recall, at some point in the meeting, Mr. Pomerantz said to you: "You've -- You're obviously concerned about making statements" --

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: May we approach?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Juan Merchan: Let me hear the objection.

Joshua Steinglass: Well, since I don't know what he's going to ask, it's a little hard for me to object. But, I don't think he could possibly be getting into what Mark Pomerantz said to him, especially because it sounded like he was getting into Mark Pomerantz's impression of something the witness was saying, which is something -- prosecutor's perceptions of witnesses' perceptions -- is something you precluded in other contexts.

Joshua Steinglass: So, I didn't want the question to be asked on the record.

Juan Merchan: What were you going to ask?

Emil Bove: I was going to ask -- I'm summarizing whether he recalled Mr. Pomerantz saying he was choosing his words carefully because there was extortion inferred. The reason I'm asking that question is because of the effect on the witness' state of mind in connection with his subsequent interactions with the Government, because the way that that meeting ended was he was instructed to get an attorney.

Emil Bove: There was then a conversation that I would like to probe, where he -- and I don't have to use Mr. Pomerantz's name if that's offensive. I am happy to take that out. But, lawyers -- a member of the District Attorney's Office said: We're not looking at him for extortion.

Juan Merchan: We're not looking at who?

Emil Bove: Mr. Davidson. So, there's a benefit. It's not, sort of, the automatic benefit that attaches to the Grand Jury proceedings.

Joshua Steinglass: So, let me see if I understand this correctly. What Mr. Bove is trying to elicit, one prosecutor expressed a view that seemed to suggest that that prosecutor believed that Mr. Davidson's conduct approached extortion, but then a subsequent person said, We're not looking at you for extortion, so the internal --

Emil Bove: The same prosecutor.

Juan Merchan: Objection sustained.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Objection sustained.

Emil Bove: May I continue?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: You said something this morning along the lines of Michael Cohen could be an "aggressive" guy, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think that was your word, "aggressive"?

Keith Davidson: That's my opinion now. I think that was my word.

Emil Bove: And you can be aggressive, too, can't you?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: You don't know?

Keith Davidson: I suppose.

Emil Bove: What does the word "extortion" mean to you?

Keith Davidson: Extortion is the -- it's the obtaining of property by threat of fear or force.

Emil Bove: Compelling an action by force or coercion. How's that?

Keith Davidson: [Shrugs].

Emil Bove: Is that accurate?

Keith Davidson: Sure.

Emil Bove: And that can be a State or Federal crime, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And as you sit here today, it's your belief, is it not, that the statute of limitations on any extortion crimes has run?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained as to form. Please be more specific.

Emil Bove: As you sit here today, is it your belief that any exposure that you have to State or Federal extortion crimes is excluded by the statute of limitations?

Keith Davidson: I have no opinion.

Emil Bove: You're an attorney, and you have not thought about that prior to your testimony?

Keith Davidson: I have not.

Emil Bove: When you were negotiating on behalf of Ms. McDougal and on behalf of Stormy Daniels, one of your concerns was on staying on the right side of the line with respect to extortion, correct?

Keith Davidson: I suppose.

Emil Bove: I mean, that's something any attorney would naturally want to be doing in a negotiation like this, right? You were making a demand.

Keith Davidson: Well, I don't know what any attorney making a demand. That's, I suppose, fair.

Emil Bove: But, in your mind, you were concerned about avoiding creating evidence of extortion, correct?

Keith Davidson: Not particularly.

Emil Bove: Well, one of the issues that you had to be sensitive about was not to threaten that the payment needed to be made prior to the election, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: You were concerned about linking those two issues -- payment, election -- were concerned in written communications, right?

Keith Davidson: That was not my concern.

Emil Bove: Do you recall being asked about this issue in meetings in 2023 by the District Attorney's Office?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: Do you recall a meeting where you indicated that you could not recall whether the thought of election as a deadline for getting stuff done had come up?

Keith Davidson: You're asking me --

Emil Bove: Do you remember saying that?

Keith Davidson: I remember saying I do not recall.

Emil Bove: And it's your testimony that you -- even today, you don't remember whether or not you were concerned about linking the election in these payments?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: You said on Tuesday that in the timeframe 2015 to 2017, your focus was on, I think you said, media cases, right?

Keith Davidson: Somewhat.

Emil Bove: And you also testified that you agreed with Mr. Steinglass, that those cases frequently involved Non-Disclosure Agreements, do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: And in terms of media practices and the types of work that you were doing in 2015 through 2017, there's nothing out of the ordinary about a NDA agreement, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Emil Bove: They're used all the time, right?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: In many different contexts, right?

Keith Davidson: Agreed.

Emil Bove: They are enforceable, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: They're litigated sometimes, correct?

Keith Davidson: Agreed.

Emil Bove: They are upheld often, right?

Keith Davidson: Agreed.

Emil Bove: And so, there's nothing strange to you about the fact that your practice involved NDA's in 2015 through 2017, right?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: As far as you know, that's during the time of the media lawsuits during that period?

Keith Davidson: As far as I know.

Emil Bove: In 2016, you were pretty well-versed in getting right up to the line without committing extortion, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand your question.

Emil Bove: My question is, that you had had several representations that involved situations where you were making demands on third-parties on behalf of your clients, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And you were asking for money and other benefits in those representations, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And you knew you had to be careful so as to not violate the law prohibiting extortion, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And in 2016, you had, in fact, familiarized yourself with the law of extortion based on very specific experience, right?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Isn't it a fact that in connection with events in 2012, you were investigated by State and Federal authorities for committing extortion against Terry Bollea, Hulk Hogan?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: And in connection with that investigation, did you or did you not familiarize yourself with the extortion offenses that were applicable in Florida and under Federal Law at the time?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Emil Bove: And so, getting back to my question, by 2016, you had, in fact, familiarized yourself with where that line was, right?

Keith Davidson: I had familiarized myself with the law. I'm a lawyer.

Emil Bove: And you did everything that you could to get as close to that line as possible in these negotiations without crossing it, right?

Keith Davidson: I did everything I could to make sure that my activities were lawful.

Emil Bove: And that included not making overt threats connected to the 2016 election, didn't it?

Keith Davidson: Threats to who?

Emil Bove: To Michael Cohen.

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: No? You made no threats to Michael Cohen relating to the 2016 election, is that the answer that you give?

Keith Davidson: I made no threats to anyone.

Emil Bove: You never linked these negotations to the 2016 election with anyone, is that your testimony?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Emil Bove: In 2010, you represented a woman named Dawn Holland, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And Dawn Holland leaked information about the treatment of Lindsay Lohan at a rehab facility, correct?

Keith Davidson: It was reported that that's what she did.

Emil Bove: And you had connections as TMZ at the time, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: You still do, right?

Keith Davidson: No. Well, perhaps.

Emil Bove: Perhaps. You helped Ms. Holland get that information posted at TMZ, right?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: TMZ posted information relating to this incident with Ms. Lohan, including aspects of her confidential patient file from the facility, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: It's your testimony that you don't even know what I'm talking about?

Keith Davidson: No. I'm answering your question.

Emil Bove: So, I just asked, did TMZ post information from Ms. Lohan's confidential patient file?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: You helped Ms. Holland get paid in connection with what I just described, didn't you?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Keith Davidson: I helped Ms. Holland get paid?

Emil Bove: Correct. That's the question.

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: You don't recall that TMZ paid Ms. Holland $10,000 around this time?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: She was your client, right?

Keith Davidson: At some point, yes.

Emil Bove: Is it your testimony that she was not your client in connection with the incident I just described?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: So, she was your client in connection with the incident I just described, correct?

Keith Davidson: Well, you're describing a few different incidents. I don't know what you're recalling -- what you're referring to.

Emil Bove: What I am referring to is the posting of information regarding Ms. Lohan on TMZ, and that information related to her treatment at a rehab facility.

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: And you don't recall Ms. Holland getting paid $10,000 by TMZ?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: Do you know who Tila Tequila is?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: And in 2010, you took steps to broker -- steps to broker a deal of a sex tape involving her, correct?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: And you were working on that -- what should I call it -- "engagement" -- with a man named Kevin Black?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And at the time, he was sort of known as a sex tape broker, is that right?

Keith Davidson: I think that's fair.

Emil Bove: Is that how he was making his living in 2010?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: You just said it was "fair" to characterize him as that, but you're not sure if that was how he was making his living?

Keith Davidson: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Is there a distinction?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In connection with the Tila Tequila tape, you represented the client, right?

Keith Davidson: Client?

Emil Bove: That's my question.

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: You don't recall representing Francis Hall?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that Mr. Hall, who also goes by Francis Thien, threatened Ms. Tequila that if she didn't pay him $75,000, the tape would be published?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: You don't recall at the time of that transaction, you were on a 90-day Bar suspension?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: You know who Charlie Sheen is, right?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: And you've represented some clients who you helped get paid by Charlie Sheen, right?

Keith Davidson: I've represented several clients who had claims against Charlie Sheen.

Emil Bove: And who you extracted sums of money from Charlie Sheen on behalf of, correct?

Keith Davidson: There was no extraction.

Emil Bove: You took steps to cause Mr. Sheen to pay, correct?

Keith Davidson: We asserted that there was tortious activity committed and valid settlements that were executed.

Emil Bove: And one of those settlements involved a client named Karen Montgomery, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And she was your client in 2011, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall the year.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that Mr. Black referred her to you?

Keith Davidson: I do recall that.

Emil Bove: And do you recall that you entered into an Engagement Letter with her that required a 60 percent contingency fee?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that she had recently been under the influence of methamphetamine at the time you got her to sign the Engagement Letter?

Keith Davidson: No, I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: You don't recall she was barely completing sentences when you got her to sign the letter?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: In connection with that representation, Charlie Sheen paid $2 million, right?

Keith Davidson: I have no -- I'm not gonna answer that question.

Emil Bove: You're -- $2 million was paid to your client, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: Is it fair to say that your memory seems a little fuzzy around some of these issues?

Keith Davidson: I've had over 1500 clients in my career. You're asking me about events that took place many, many years ago.

Emil Bove: A $2 million payment is a typical payout for you on one of these cases, so much so that you don't remember it, is that your testimony?

Keith Davidson: I don't remember a settlement from 13 years ago.

Emil Bove: What about Capri Anderson? Do you remember her?

Keith Davidson: I do remember her.

Emil Bove: And do you remember extracting another settlement from Mr. Sheen while representing her?

Keith Davidson: Again, it was no extraction.

Emil Bove: You got Mr. Sheen to pay, correct?

Keith Davidson: Assuming arguendo that he did pay and there was a Settlement Agreement, that settlement would be confidential, and I would not discuss it here.

Emil Bove: Look. We're both lawyers. I'm not here to play lawyer games with you. I'm just here to ask questions and get straight answers.

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: I'm not asking you to assume anything. I'm asking what you remember. All right? Can you answer?

Keith Davidson: In answer to what?

Emil Bove: I'm not asking you to assume anything. I'm just asking for truthful answers. Okay?

Keith Davidson: You're getting truthful answers, sir.

Emil Bove: So, when I ask a question, I'm not asking you to assume arguendo, alright. I'm just asking for what you remember.

Keith Davidson: I'm not going to discuss confidential matters.

Emil Bove: Well, that's a different answer, isn't it? Now you're invoking the privilege.

Keith Davidson: No, I'm not invoking the privilege. And if you're not here to play legal games, then don't say "extract".

Emil Bove: Do you remember Mr. Sheen paying your client, Capri Anderson?

Keith Davidson: I'm not going to discuss that.

Emil Bove: Judge, I ask that the witness be instructed to answer the question.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Juan Merchan: So, this is a sensitive area here. I think we need to establish, first, that he's definitely not asserting any kind of privilege.

Emil Bove: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Once he says he's not asserting privilege, you can ask him the question again. If he refuses to answer, you can ask me for help.

Emil Bove: Yes. Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Emil Bove: So, I want to focus on your representation of Capri Anderson, okay?

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: My question is, was there a settlement between Ms. Anderson and Mr. Sheen in connection with that representation?

Keith Davidson: I'm not going to answer that.

Emil Bove: When you say "that", you're not invoking a privilege, correct?

Keith Davidson: I'm not going to answer that question based on privilege and confidentiality.

Emil Bove: And what privilege are you invoking?

Keith Davidson: The attorney-client privilege.

Emil Bove: So, what I'm asking for is details about communications between you and your client and a third-party, Mr. Sheen, and maybe his representatives, maybe not. Do you understand my point?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Is it your position that those types of communications are privileged in an adversarial negotiation context?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Your Honor, I ask that the witness be instructed to answer the question.

Juan Merchan: You can ask him another question. He's asserting privilege.

Emil Bove: Let's focus on 2012. Okay?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that Gawker ran a clip from a purported sex tape regarding Hulk Hogan that year?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that, prior to that post, still images from one of the images appeared on The Dirty, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That same website that in 2011 had the post about Ms. Daniels' allegations, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you used your connections at The Dirty to help get the Hulk Hogan stills posted, right?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: You had nothing to do with that?

Keith Davidson: Nothing to do with it.

Emil Bove: And at some point in 2012, you reached out to Hulk Hogan's representatives, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you indicated to them that the Gawker post was a, quote, shot across the bow, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that during the negotiations of Mr. Hogan's representatives, you said, "I'm an expert at doing this type of thing"?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: Do you recall discussing this issue, the conversations that you had with Mr. Hogan's representatives, with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, if we could bring up People's Exhibit 255 in evidence and go to -- this can be for everybody.

Emil Bove: If you go to the page of Bates number ending 214573. If we could zoom in, please, on row 53 I think it is.

Emil Bove: Now, I think you said this morning these are messages between you and Mr. Cohen, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So, does this refresh your recollection that in January 2018, you were communicating with Mr. Hogan [sic] about your prior dispute with Hulk Hogan and communication regarding that?

Keith Davidson: I was communicating with Michael Cohen about Hulk Hogan.

Emil Bove: Right. You were communicating with Michael Cohen about Hulk Hogan?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So, this communication refreshes you?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: We can take that down.

Emil Bove: I want to go back to focusing on October 2012, and you had reached out to Hulk Hogan's representatives regarding this Gawker post and the sex tapes, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: At that time, you were acting as an attorney, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You had clients, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Who possessed the tapes, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you said to Hulk Hogan's representatives, did you not, "We got a lot of people, they get caught on tape. They're not all celebrities. We have family men that are gay, and they want to keep their gay identity undercover, so we approach them, too." Do you remember saying that?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: Do you remember demanding a million dollars?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: You made a monetary demand to Hulk Hogan's representatives in order to not publish these tapes, correct?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Did you ask for money?

Keith Davidson: There was a monetary demand made.

Emil Bove: Was it for purchase, so that Hulk Hogan could purchase the tapes, the right to the tapes?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that the National Enquirer published information relating to these tapes in 2015?

Keith Davidson: No.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Theresa Magniccari relieves Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Emil Bove: This is just for parties and the witness and the Court. If we can take a look at Defense Exhibit F27. If we can go to Page 2, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Note: [Continued cross examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Take a look at that and let me know when you are done.

Keith Davidson: Okay.

Emil Bove: Did you have a chance to take a look?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Does this refresh your recollection that the National Enquirer ran stories about the tapes in the Summer of 2015?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Did they?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And do you recall that Dylan Howard had a byline on one of those articles?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: Can you take a look at Defense F27, please, and see if that refreshes your recollection?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So Dylan Howard did, in fact, have a byline on articles relating to the Hulk Hogan tapes, right?

Keith Davidson: In this article, yes.

Emil Bove: And that's because you referred this information to him, correct?

Keith Davidson: No, that's not.

Emil Bove: It is just happenstance?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: You don't know?

Keith Davidson: No, I don't know if it's happenstance.

Emil Bove: Did you or did you not provide information to Dylan Howard so he could break the story about the content of one of the tapes?

Keith Davidson: No, I did not.

Emil Bove: Did you cause information to be disclosed to Dylan Howard so he could publish an article in the National Enquirer about the content of one of these tapes?

Keith Davidson: I did not.

Emil Bove: And there was an FBI investigation relating to this, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You practiced criminal law in the beginning of your career?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: State and Federal?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So you understand, do you not, that the FBI needs enough information to actually predicate a criminal investigation?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: The FBI ran a sting operation targeting your meetings with Hulk Hogan's representatives, correct?

Keith Davidson: They had an investigation, yes.

Emil Bove: When I say "sting operation," you know what I mean, right?

Keith Davidson: Not technically.

Emil Bove: They set up a meeting where someone was recording what you were saying in connection with the negotiations?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was at a hotel, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And the FBI was sitting a couple of doors down, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't know. They were in close proximity.

Emil Bove: They were in close proximity monitoring the situation, right?

Keith Davidson: I presume so.

Emil Bove: You know that this was also investigated by local authorities, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that there was a report issued relating to the two investigations, and the local authorities?

Keith Davidson: There was a report issued.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that?

Keith Davidson: [No response.]

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, this is for the Court and the parties and the witness.

Emil Bove: If you can take a look at Defense F35, please. I'm going to hand you a copy so you could flip through. Have you had a chance to look at that?

Keith Davidson: It's 31 pages. I have looked at that.

Emil Bove: My question is: Does that refresh your recollection that the Tampa Police Department issued a report relating to the investigation that we have been talking about?

Keith Davidson: I didn't -- yes.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that in that report the Tampa Police Department indicated that the operation --

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: You can put the document to the side. Thank you. The Tampa Police Department referenced concerns about extortion in connection with this investigation, correct?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it. You can answer it.

Keith Davidson: They conducted an investigation, yes.

Emil Bove: An investigation relating to extortion, right?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: And there were conclusions about concerns relating to extortion, just yes or no?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: And you were not ultimately charged, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: But that experience gave you familiarity with extortion law, correct?

Keith Davidson: Perhaps. I -- I don't know.

Emil Bove: Do you know who Gabriel Rueda is?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And he had a dispute with CBS and Manny Pacquiao?

Keith Davidson: "Dispute" is loosely used.

Emil Bove: He felt that he was owed a finder's fee relating to one of Mr. Pacquiao's fights, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: A big fight?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: With Floyd Mayweather?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You tried to convince Mr. Rueda to settle that dispute, right?

Keith Davidson: I offered him a settlement.

Emil Bove: He felt he was owed millions and millions and millions of dollars, right?

Keith Davidson: A hundred million dollars.

Emil Bove: One hundred million dollars?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You offered him $50,000, correct?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: You made a settlement offer to him, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And it involved a sum of money that was much less than 100 million dollars?

Keith Davidson: It was far less than 100 million dollars.

Emil Bove: On June 25, 2015, you told Mr. Rueda he was dealing with powerful people who did not care if Rueda got hurt, right?

Keith Davidson: I never ever said that. I did not say that.

Emil Bove: You also threatened he would not be able to find work in California if he did not accept your settlement, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's false.

Emil Bove: Now, I want to get back to the clients that you talked about in this case.

Keith Davidson: Fair.

Emil Bove: Let start with Ms. McDougal. I think you said that your attorney-client relationship started in June 2016, right?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: By that time, there was someone else leaking information publicly about this alleged relationship between Ms. McDougal and President Trump, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know about that, about leaking. Ms. McDougal had a friend, and when your client was ascending in the polls, one of Ms. McDougal's former friends attempted to publicize Ms. McDougal's interactions with your client.

Emil Bove: That is Gary Stevens, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: Do you remember telling the District Attorney's office that Ms. McDougal had a friend who was trying to publish a story without her consent?

Keith Davidson: Telling whom?

Emil Bove: That there was a friend of Ms. McDougal's who was trying to publish a story without her consent?

Keith Davidson: Who did I say that to?

Emil Bove: The District Attorney's office.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: At the time, you said that you knew who you were talking about, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know if I ever heard that name Stevens.

Emil Bove: I think you testified on direct that your fee in connection with the representation of Ms. McDougal is 45 percent, is that right?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: You testified on direct that Jay Grdina had introduced you to Ms. McDougal, is that right?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: You knew Ms. McDougal for a while, but Jay came to you about this particular representation?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Jay Grdina had been a client of yours?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Jay has a brother, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Named James?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: If I call him James, you know who I am talking about?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: So James was married to McDougal, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's my understanding.

Emil Bove: There was sort of a referral chain for how you became involved in 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you mentioned somebody named John Crawford, do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think you said he provided security at a meeting or two?

Keith Davidson: He was, I think, a retired police officer from Phoenix.

Emil Bove: He also owns some UPS stores in Phoenix?

Keith Davidson: True. That's my understanding, that he owned UPS stores.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, can we please take a look at People's 279 in evidence. This can be for everybody. Can we zoom in on the email, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: So I think we looked at this on Tuesday. This is you submitting a proposed Engagement Letter to Ms. McDougal, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you see the BCC line?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That JG, is that Jay Grdina?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Why did you include him on the BCC line?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: And this document was never executed, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know if there was a Retainer Agreement that was executed.

Emil Bove: Do you know if it's the one that is attached to the email or a different letter?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: You said you got a subpoena at some point from the District Attorney's office?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And did you search your files for the signed version of this letter?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: And is it fair to say you did not find one?

Keith Davidson: I provided whatever was located.

Emil Bove: My point is: There was nothing wrong in terms of your relationship with Ms. McDougal that it wasn't signed?

Keith Davidson: It was my recollection that I had a fully executed -- excuse me -- a Retention Agreement with Ms. McDougal.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, can we take a look at Paragraph 4.2 and the subparagraphs.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: I am focused on Paragraph 4.2, where it seems to indicate that the fee contemplated in this letter was 35 percent. Do you see that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you recall a subsequent negotiation that increased your fee to 45 percent?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that conversation.

Emil Bove: And now the difference between these two numbers, 35 and 45 percent, on the $150,000 payment, is 10 percent, about 15 grand, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And some of the fee that you were paid was split, correct?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: So is it your testimony that Jay Grdina made nothing in connection with the payment of the $150,000?

Keith Davidson: He was compensated.

Emil Bove: Out of the legal fees, correct?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: What about John Crawford?

Keith Davidson: He was compensated as well.

Emil Bove: He was compensated out of your fee? Yes or no?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: You know -- do you know that the California Ethnics Rules prohibit non-attorneys from being paid out of legal fees, right?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: You have been disciplined on that basis, correct?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: So we'll go back to the first page of the email. Can you see it? That is dated June 15, 2016?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: This was sent right around the time that you went to Phoenix to meet with Ms. McDougal, Mr. Grdina, and Mr. Crawford, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Before the meeting, you had already talked to Dylan Howard, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, if we can take a look at People's 176A. I would like to go to the page with the text messages on June 7, 2016. Zoom in on the rows beginning 11-111.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: Have you had a chance to take a look?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: These are messages dated June 7, 2016, between you and Dylan Howard?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In these messages, you indicated, "I have a blockbuster Trump story." Do you see that on the top?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You were reaching out to Dylan Howard to tell him about Ms. McDougal's allegations, correct?

Keith Davidson: Not necessarily.

Emil Bove: You were reaching out to Mr. Howard to get him interested in the potential story, right?

Keith Davidson: I think that's fair.

Emil Bove: And it would make -- it would make you look better when you went to Phoenix to be able to say, "I have already got the National Enquirer interested in this," correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't know about that.

Emil Bove: It did not help you gain trust with the client to be able to say that you had already generated interest in the potential story, is that your testimony?

Keith Davidson: No, that's not my testimony.

Emil Bove: So it was helpful to you to be able to say to Karen McDougal and Jay Grdina, in mid June of 2016, you had already communicated with the National Enquirer, right?

Keith Davidson: Maybe, or maybe not. Perhaps.

Emil Bove: And this is one of the ways your relationship with Dylan Howard benefited your law practice, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't see that the two are related.

Emil Bove: You testified on Tuesday about a meeting that you had with Ms. McDougal in Los Angeles. Do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think you showed some text messages. We eventually got to the point where you remembered that the meeting was on June 20, 2016?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: Mr. Howard travelled to Los Angeles for the meeting, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: At the meeting was also Ms. McDougal?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Jay Grdina?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Mr. Crawford, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And the purpose of that meeting was for Dylan Howard to sort of vet Ms. McDougal's story, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You knew he was going to take the information and his observations and report back to AMI's leadership, right?

Keith Davidson: To David Pecker.

Emil Bove: To Mr. Pecker, the top of the totem pole of AMI?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You were informed, were you not, the next day, AMI was not interested?

Keith Davidson: Yes, I was informed at that time they were not interested.

Emil Bove: I think we saw a text message where Mr. Howard wrote to you that AMI was "immovable." Do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: Vaguely.

Emil Bove: And the issue was, one of them, that AMI felt McDougal had not provided enough corroborating information, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Meaning, evidence to back up her story, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that is why shortly thereafter you texted Mr. Howard, you said, "Ms. McDougal found her Blackberry," right?

Keith Davidson: But he asked her to locate additional documents and -- so, yes.

Emil Bove: It was in response to that request you wrote to Mr. Howard shortly after the meeting, "She found her Blackberry?"

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Emil Bove: There were efforts made to take information off that Blackberry, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know about that.

Emil Bove: The Blackberry ended up not moving the needle for AMI in terms of corroboration, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: There was no conversation that you were a party to where AMI said, "Oh, great, now that we know the Blackberry exists, let's move forward with the story," right?

Keith Davidson: I never had that conversation.

Emil Bove: In this same month, June 2016, things had broken down enough that you sent a message to Mr. Howard indicating you were drafting a Declination Letter. Do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall that.

Emil Bove: If we can take a look at Government Exhibit 176A, Page 3. Zoom in on 1115 and 56.

Note: [Displayed]

Keith Davidson: Yes. Okay.

Emil Bove: Does this refresh your recollection that you told Mr. Howard in June 2016 that you were drafting a Declination Letter?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You were, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall. I -- I don't recall.

Emil Bove: At this point, Ms. McDougal started to negotiate with other companies, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Juan Merchan: Is this a good time to stop?

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Jurors, we'll start back up at 2:15. Do not discuss the case among yourselves or with anyone else. Pleas keep an open mind as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. Please do not form or express an opinion as to the defendant's guilt or incense. Enjoy your lunch.

Juan Merchan: Please be seated. Thank you, sir. You may step down.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Bove, I am not rushing you at all. I want to get a sense of how much more you have.

Emil Bove: I will make some adjustments at the lunch break. I expect it's under an hour.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Enjoy your lunch.

Note: [A-F-T-E-R-N-O-O-N S-E-S-S-I-O-N.]

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon. Is there anything that we need to discuss before we bring the witness out?

Susan Necheles: There is one issue, if I could have a few minutes to discuss. I wanted to raise an issue about the Gag Order and just some clarification before we start. If I could hand up some articles here, and give a copy. Thank you. Your Honor, I just handed up a stack of newspaper articles by legal commentators and others.

Susan Necheles: People like, the first one is entitled "Trump's New York Prosecution is a Bogus Case by Bogus Prosecutors." And these articles are by a number of legal commentators, including Jonathan Turley and Andrew McCarthy. These articles are all articles which President Trump would like to post on his Truth, but they all discuss this case.

Susan Necheles: They discuss witnesses who have testified. They discuss what the aspects of the case are. They're very critical of this case. They're important for his election campaign. They're talking about the kinds of issues that he has been raising. But he has some concerns because they do mention witnesses. They mention the prosecutors in this case by name.

Susan Necheles: We think they are perfectly fine, but we think there is some ambiguity in the Gag Order. So we're asking for your Honor to take a look at them so that he knows he is not violating the Gag Order when he posts this.

Juan Merchan: People?

Joshua Steinglass: Judge, first of all, we've just been handed this stack. If anything, we need to go through them. But it seems odd that they're asking the Court for sort of an advanced ruling on these kinds of things. I think the Gag Order is very specific. So I guess my first request would be to have some time to look at it. We don't want to be in this position either.

Joshua Steinglass: If they're talking about witnesses in the case, people that the defendant is not supposed to be talking about based on the Gag Order -- I understand and fully respect that there is a political campaign going on. There is also a criminal case going on in this courtroom. That's what the Order is seeking to protect.

Joshua Steinglass: I think we need to really be careful with this situation.

Juan Merchan: I appreciate what you are bringing to my attention, Ms. Necheles. I'm not going to give advanced rulings. I'm not going to be in a position of looking at posts and determining in advance whether you should or should not post these on Truth Social as part of your official campaign website. There is no ambiguity in the Order.

Juan Merchan: The Appellate Division has already weighed in on that. We'll see where it goes from there. At this point, this Court and the higher court have found there is nothing wrong with the Gag Order. I think the best advice you can give your client is to do without, steer clear.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, I hear what you are saying. I heard what the Appellate Court has ruled. I think they're ruling in the abstract. I believe there is ambiguity.

Juan Merchan: I am not going to argue with you. If you have an issue, take it up to the Appellate Division. Take it up to the Court of Appeals. I am not revisiting my Order. I am not going to.

Susan Necheles: What we're seeking a clarification on, when the witnesses have testified, or when there is an analysis of the case and it mentions witnesses, or it mentions that the prosecutors made certain arguments in this Court, or the prosecutors were appointed by a certain Justice, these are people who are analyzing the case and talking about it being a political hit.

Susan Necheles: That is what President Trump wants to be arguing at its core. And I, frankly, don't know whether that violates the Gag Order.

Juan Merchan: I am not going to give you an advanced ruling on this. Let's get the witness. I think, when it doubt, steer clear. That's all I can say.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon sir. Let's get the jury.

Court Clerk: Do all parties stipulate that all jurors are present and properly seated?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Emil Bove: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon, jurors.

Emil Bove: May I?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Note: [Continued cross examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Mr. Davidson, I would like to talk a little bit more about the 2011 blog post. You have testified a little bit about a woman named Gina Rodriguez, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Who you said was Stormy Daniels' manager for a long period of time, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Perhaps on and off at times?

Keith Davidson: I'm not sure.

Emil Bove: But in 2011, Gina Rodriguez was Stormy Daniels' manager, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's my understanding.

Emil Bove: And you referenced at times that Gina Rodriguez had a boyfriend that was involved in some of these things, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And his name was Anthony Kotsev?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Am I pronouncing that right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Isn't it a fact that Mr. Kotsev actually wrote the blog post that was put on The Dirty in 2011?

Keith Davidson: I don't know. He was an employee of The Dirty.

Emil Bove: You don't recall saying that to the Government?

Keith Davidson: I recall that.

Emil Bove: The Dirty was owned, in part, by James Grdina, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't think so.

Emil Bove: He worked there, correct?

Keith Davidson: James Grdina?

Emil Bove: Yes.

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: And James Grdina is Karen McDougal's ex-husband, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: James Grdina and Jay Grdina are brothers, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And Jay Grdina brokered your connection to Ms. McDougal in that representation?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And is also connected to Gina Rodriguez, right?

Keith Davidson: Jay?

Emil Bove: Jay, right.

Keith Davidson: I don't think so.

Emil Bove: So it's your testimony that Jay Grdina has never worked with Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: So let's focus then on that 2011 representation of Stormy Daniels.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: The reason that you were able to get that blog post taken down is because Gina Rodriguez's boyfriend had written it, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't know who wrote it, but I don't think they were dating at the time.

Emil Bove: It's your testimony that Gina Rodriguez did not -- was not involved with Anthony Kotsev in 2011?

Keith Davidson: I don't know if she was. I don't think she would have needed me, she would have called her boyfriend.

Emil Bove: You used this network of connections to get the blog post taken down, correct?

Keith Davidson: In addition to the Cease and Desist.

Emil Bove: You practiced law for a long time, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You won cases in court?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: This Cease and Desist Letter was not one of your greatest litigation victories?

Keith Davidson: It was a form letter.

Emil Bove: It was a form letter created in that context because you had connections to The Dirty?

Keith Davidson: I certainly followed the Cease and Desist up with a phone call.

Emil Bove: Isn't it a fact that the reason that Ms. Daniels and Ms. Rodriguez wanted that blog post taken down, they were trying to negotiate a better deal with In Touch magazine?

Keith Davidson: That's a fact that I learned later, yes.

Emil Bove: They were using you in connection with them?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand your question. They were using my efforts to create an exclusive opportunity with a different publication.

Emil Bove: And that exclusive opportunity was more valuable to Ms. Daniels, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: They were using you to make more money, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now, you testified about some public statements that Ms. Daniels made in January 2018, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: At around this time, Larry Flynt offered to indemnify Stormy Daniels in connection with any litigation arising out of the Settlement Agreement, correct?

Keith Davidson: There were others. I was not involved. It's my understanding there were other terms as well.

Emil Bove: But one of the terms, if there was going to be litigation relating to the Settlement Agreement that you helped to negotiate, he would indemnify her?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Indemnify means he would be paying her legal bills, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: You testified this morning about some stress that you perceived Ms. Daniels to be going through in January 2018 relating to this agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In fact, she had this opportunity to have her legal fees paid if she wanted to fight the Agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes. But you can -- even if someone is going to pay your legal bills, it's still an obstruction in your life. Yes.

Emil Bove: From your perspective, this Settlement Agreement was a valid legal document, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You had negotiated it, right?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: It had legal terms, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And it was certainly consistent with your beliefs about your ethnical obligations, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You didn't do anything wrong in connection with that agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't believe so.

Emil Bove: I want to talk a little bit about your relationship with Michael Cohen.

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You continued to work with him after the Stormy Daniels settlement, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: On other matters?

Keith Davidson: Not with him. But I continued to certainly speak with him, correspond with him. He was opposing counsel on another matter.

Emil Bove: And he sent you some business, right?

Keith Davidson: He sent me work.

Emil Bove: He sent you a client?

Keith Davidson: He sent me a non-paying client.

Emil Bove: So it's not as if the experience with him was so horrific that you ceased interacting with him, correct?

Keith Davidson: No, our relationship changed over time.

Emil Bove: And, in 2018, had you heard the name Summer Zervos?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: Did you discuss Summer Zervos with Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I can't recall.

Emil Bove: What about Justin Best?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That's the client he was talking about, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So this is a situation where Mr. Cohen referred you a client?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you accepted that, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Because you were continuing to work together, correct?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: You were continuing to interact professionally, right?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Emil Bove: And you also had a client named Shera Bechard?

Keith Davidson: I had a client named Shera Bechard.

Emil Bove: She retained you in about November 2017, correct?

Keith Davidson: I'm not sure of the date.

Emil Bove: Late 2017, give or take?

Keith Davidson: I would have to look. That doesn't strike me as wrong.

Emil Bove: And she had made allegations about a sexual relationship with a man named Elliott Broidy?

Keith Davidson: I think that's been publicly reported.

Emil Bove: Just so I understand the privilege analysis, if something from your perspective -- if something is publicly reported, you are comfortable reporting privileged conversations about it?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: You are aware of the public reports about Ms. Bechard's allegations?

Keith Davidson: I was aware of the public reporting of her allegations.

Emil Bove: She was your client?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Mr. Cohen represented Mr. Broidy?

Keith Davidson: Ultimately.

Emil Bove: There was a Settlement Agreement, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: This Settlement Agreement was legal work for you, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand the question.

Emil Bove: You were practicing law when you negotiated the Agreement?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: So was Mr. Cohen, as far you could tell?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: It resolved in a contract?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: It probably had terms like the ones you negotiated on behalf of Ms. Daniels, correct?

Keith Davidson: I would imagine.

Emil Bove: Maybe with one notable exception, that the dollar figure was a lot higher right?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: You don't recall that the settlement was for 1.6 million dollars to be paid in installments?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall.

Emil Bove: As you sit here today, you don't recall events from 2018, is that your testimony?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall specific dollar amounts in a Settlement Agreement from six some-odd years ago.

Emil Bove: Even after this settlement between Ms. Bechard and Mr. Broidy, you continued to communicate with Mr. Cohen, right?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: Well, I mean, you know -- so we looked at the text messages, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You remember this morning, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes, I remember this morning.

Emil Bove: The text messages from January 2018, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: They continued in February 2018, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And March 2018, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In the context of those discussions, did you ever talk to Mr. Cohen about Stormy Daniels having "settler's remorse?"

Keith Davidson: I may have.

Emil Bove: And do you recall in that conversation also using the word "leverage?"

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Is "leverage" a word that you used in conversations with Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I may have.

Emil Bove: And you did, in fact, in March of 2018, correct?

Keith Davidson: Use the word "leverage?"

Emil Bove: In a conversation with Michael Cohen about Stormy Daniels?

Keith Davidson: I don't know.

Emil Bove: During meetings with the District Attorney's office, they asked you questions about whether Mr. Cohen had ever recorded your conversations, correct?

Keith Davidson: I don't recall if it was -- what agencies. It came up at some point in an interview.

Emil Bove: And I think you said, did you not, "Yeah, I was under the impression that he did record some of these talks?"

Keith Davidson: Certainly, I recall a few conversations when I was speaking with Mr. Cohen when his conversations were odd, and that led me to believe that I was being recorded.

Emil Bove: I think you said the reason they seemed odd to you, he was talking in a linear fashion?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Because, ordinarily, he was sort of all over the place. In these particular calls, it was a very structured conversation, which really wasn't his personality.

Emil Bove: Less pants on fire, more straightforward?

Keith Davidson: Maybe a little bit more self-serving.

Emil Bove: Do you recall saying to Michael Cohen on March 7, 2018, "Sometimes people get settler's remorse, you know, and other times people think that, hey, I need to resolve this case before a date certain because this is when I have the most?"

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: If we can bring up for the parties, the Court and the witness, Defense Exhibit F15-AT. There is also a set of headphones on the bench. I think the way this works, there is a dial in the middle. I'm told if you put the volume up above two, there's a risk of catastrophic damage to your ears. Thank you.

Emil Bove: So we're going to play Defense Exhibit F158A over the headphones. I'm going to ask you to listen to see if it refreshes your recollection about whether you said what I just said.

Keith Davidson: Are you playing it?

Emil Bove: I think it might help, that's the receiver, whatever you call this, it should come on. Any luck?

Keith Davidson: If you could restart it.

Note: [Whereupon, witness was given headphones to listen to audio recording.]

Emil Bove: Restart it, please.

Note: [Whereupon, audio recording was played for the witness and the Court only.]

Keith Davidson: Is this the beginning?

Juan Merchan: Play it one more time.

Emil Bove: Start it from the beginning.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness and the Court listened to audio recording.]

Emil Bove: Stop it.

Emil Bove: So, Mr. Davidson, it continues. We're going to go back to it. That was your voice?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Does that refresh your recollection that you said to Mr. Cohen, "Sometimes people get settler's remorse, you know, and other times people think, hey, I need to resolve this case before a date certain because this is when I have the most." What you just listened to, does it refresh your recollection that you said that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You were talking about Stormy Daniels here, correct?

Keith Davidson: Probably.

Emil Bove: Just yes or no, were you talking about Stormy Daniels with Michael Cohen on March 7, 2018?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. If you could answer yes or no.

Keith Davidson: It certainly appears to be, yes.

Emil Bove: And do you see the reference to "before a date certain?"

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That's something you said to Mr. Cohen in March 2018, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that is a comment that you were attributing in substance to Ms. Daniels, correct?

Keith Davidson: Not necessarily.

Emil Bove: I am asking you: What was going on in your head at the time?

Keith Davidson: What time?

Emil Bove: When you had said these things.

Keith Davidson: This is 2018, yes? I don't know what time you are referring to.

Emil Bove: When you said what is written on the page, were you referring in substance to something that Ms. Daniels had conveyed to you?

Keith Davidson: I don't believe so.

Emil Bove: And when you use -- do you see where it says "hypothetically speaking?"

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was a code, right?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Because you were using the word "hypothetical," so you could sit in a chair like this and say, "I'm not sure if I was talking about Stormy Daniels?"

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Do you recall saying during the same conversation with Mr. Cohen, "Well, if things don't turn out the way that you thought they were going to turn out, and now you're realizing you have a lot more leverage, you tried to settle it twice?"

Keith Davidson: Can I see the transcript?

Emil Bove: Yes.

Keith Davidson: Thank you.

Emil Bove: So we're going to bring up Defense Exhibit F15-AT again.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: I want to do whatever I can to refresh your recollection. Is the transcript sufficient?

Keith Davidson: That's fine. Thanks.

Emil Bove: Does looking at the transcript refresh your recollection that you had said that to Mr. Cohen in March of 2018?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you use the word "leverage," correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that was Ms. Daniels' goal, was it not, to create leverage over President Trump?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Do you recall saying during that same conversation, "If someone like Larry Flynt or someone else comes in and says, I will give you 1 million dollars, but first you got to get out of the Agreement, hypothetically speaking," do you recall saying that to Mr. Cohen on March 7, 2018?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was a reference to Larry Flynt?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Who made the offer to Ms. Daniels, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Does that refresh your recollection that this entire conversation is about Ms. Daniels?

Keith Davidson: Yes. But I think you are grossly mistaken about it.

Emil Bove: There is no question pending.

Joshua Steinglass: Objection. I would ask that the witness be allowed to answer.

Juan Merchan: You can go ahead and answer the question.

Keith Davidson: I think you are grossly mistaken about the date. This is years after the settlement, and this is talking about a potential breach, where Larry Flynt had offered to give Ms. Daniels 1 million dollars plus indemnify her from any legal costs because she wanted to get out of the Settlement Agreement that she had entered into two years before.

Emil Bove: Which is shorthand for "settler's remorse," correct, which was your phrase?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: Now, at some point, Ms. Daniels got new counsel, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Michael Avenatti?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And Gina Rodriguez continued to work with Ms. Daniels in that timeframe, right?

Keith Davidson: For a period.

Emil Bove: So for some period of time Ms. Daniels' legal representation was Mr. Avennati, assisted in that agent capacity that we talked about by Gina Rodriguez?

Keith Davidson: For some period of time.

Emil Bove: And, certainly, that was the case in, let's say, the second third of 2018?

Keith Davidson: I don't know. It's my recollection that Miss Rodriguez's tenure did not last for very long once Mr. Avennati came in.

Emil Bove: Do you recall saying to Michael Cohen, "Avennati has really driven a wedge, a serious wedge between Stormy and Gina. Avennati is leaning on Gina, saying, you know, basically, we know we're lying. We know we're full of shit in the media. We know that she was never threatened in Las Vegas. We know all these things." Do you recall saying that to Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: That sounds like something I recall.

Emil Bove: Yes or no, do you recall saying that to Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I don't doubt I said that. I don't have a specific recollection of that quote.

Emil Bove: That's fair.

Emil Bove: We'll listen it. You can put the headphones back on, please. I am going to ask Mr. Bernik to play Defense F17C, which corresponds to the transcript.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, using the headphones, played the audio recording.]

Emil Bove: Does that refresh your recollection that you did say those things to Michael Cohen on April 4th of 2018?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was your voice on Defense Exhibit F17C?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In that same timeframe, April 2018, you did some public interviews, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: I believe CNN?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: You talked with Michael Cohen about the questions and answers during the interviews, right?

Keith Davidson: Can you rephrase your question, please?

Emil Bove: Did you speak to Michael Cohen about your CNN interviews?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you recall saying this to Michael Cohen about one of the interviews: "The $130,000, was there ever any indication that the money was coming from -- " Answer is: "No." "Was there ever any indication that Michael Cohen needed authority from Donald Trump before he made that payment?" And I said: "No, it was never discussed." Do you recall saying that to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Vaguely.

Emil Bove: Go back to the headphones.

Keith Davidson: It's fine.

Emil Bove: I appreciate it.

Emil Bove: Let me state it for the record. We're now going to play Defense F17A, with the corresponding transcript which is dash 18.

Note: [Whereupon, audio recording was played for the witness and Court only.]

Keith Davidson: I think the wrong transcript is up.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: Please stop that there. Does that refresh your recollection that you said to Mr. Cohen: "Was there ever any indication that Michael Cohen needed authority from Donald Trump before he made that payment? And I said, No, it was never discussed." You said that, right?

Keith Davidson: That's true.

Emil Bove: You also in that conversation with Michael Cohen said, "And why would an attorney have ever asked opposing counsel what kind of conversations they had with their client." You said that, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you believed that, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And the same way you invoked the privilege here, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And Michael Cohen didn't breach any privilege in talking to you about the Stormy Daniels negotiations, did he?

Keith Davidson: Not that I am aware of.

Emil Bove: And in that conversation later, did you or did you not say: "Look, it's the truth, Michael, you know that, but I think that you and I both want the truth out there?"

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You said that, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In this timeframe, around the time of the CNN interview, April 2018, do you recall speaking with Michael Cohen about Gina Rodriguez and Mr. Kotsev?

Keith Davidson: No.

Emil Bove: Do you recall saying to Mr. Cohen, "Gina Rodriguez's boyfriend goes out in the media and tells the story that Stormy Daniels, you know, in the weeks prior to the election was basically yelling and screaming and calling me a pussy." Do you recall saying that to Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I don't.

Emil Bove: So if we could bring up the transcript on the screen, please, Defense Exhibit F17-ET, and play the corresponding audio, Defense F17-E, please.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, using the headphones, played audio.]

Emil Bove: Does that refresh your recollection that you said that to Michael Cohen around the time of the CNN interview?

Keith Davidson: I don't know what date the CNN interview was, but I said it on April 4th.

Emil Bove: Do you recall also saying to Mr. Cohen, "I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if he comes out and says, you know what, Stormy Daniels, she wanted this money more than you could ever imagine. I remember hearing her on the phone saying: You fucking Keith Davidson, you better settle this goddamn story because if he loses this election, and he is going to lose, if he loses this election, we all lose all fucking leverage.

Emil Bove: This case is worth zero." Do you recall saying that to Mr. Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: Do you remember at the beginning of my questions when I asked about whether the election was used as a leverage point in connection with the Stormy Daniels negotiations?

Keith Davidson: I do.

Emil Bove: I would like you to take a look at the Agreement that you negotiated on behalf of Ms. Daniels. People's 26 in evidence. This could be for everyone. From your perspective, this is a legal document?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: The type of Settlement Agreement that you've negotiated many times over the course of your career, correct?

Keith Davidson: That's fair.

Emil Bove: You've negotiated nondisclosure provisions?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you did that here on behalf of Stormy Daniels as an attorney, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Yes.

Emil Bove: There isn't fake language designed to hide something, right?

Keith Davidson: I don't know. It's a very long document. It's not fake language.

Emil Bove: It has copyright provisions, right?

Keith Davidson: A Transfer of Copyright.

Emil Bove: I don't know what that means, honestly. It's a serious legal part of this agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: So if we can take a look at Bates ending 021. This is the Copyright Transfer, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You have used similar documents like this before, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: In the course of your practice on behalf of other clients, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You did that here because you were trying to help Ms. Daniels negotiate an Agreement, right?

Keith Davidson: This was the Agreement, yes.

Emil Bove: And these are valid terms from your perspective, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: As is the rest of the agreement?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: If we could look at the Bates ending 020, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: This is the signature page, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And can we zoom in on the signature, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: And I think you said Mr. Cohen signed at the bottom, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: There is an "Esquire" by his name?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: From your perspective, he signed this agreement as an attorney, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: There is a blank for David Dennison?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You don't know one way or the other what happened with this agreement after you sent it to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: I do not.

Emil Bove: It's unsigned here, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: If we can take that down and look at Bates 017.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: This is another signature page, correct?

Keith Davidson: What was the last page, Page 15?

Emil Bove: We'll back up one page, please.

Keith Davidson: It's just a continuation of the signature block.

Emil Bove: Look at 017 -- 016. This is the end part of the main agreement?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now, go back to the signature page, 017. It's blank here as well in the DD space, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes. Yes.

Emil Bove: That's the initials for David Dennison?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: This is a practice that you used before, using initials in the main body of the Agreement?

Keith Davidson: It's common.

Emil Bove: You even used it with Hulk Hogan, right?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Emil Bove: This is unsigned, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: You don't know one way or the other whether it was signed by DD?

Keith Davidson: By DD, yes.

Emil Bove: I have nothing. Any redirect?

Joshua Steinglass: Can I have five minutes?

Juan Merchan: Are you asking for five minutes?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Juan Merchan: All right, jurors, let's take five minutes.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated. Thank you, sir. You can step down.

Note: [T. Magniccari relieved by L. Eisenberg as Senior Court Reporter.]

Court Officer: Come to Order. Part 59 is back in session.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Steinglass, are you ready?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes, Judge. Thank you for the opportunity.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the witness, please.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness, Keith Davidson, having been previously duly sworn and/or affirmed, resumes the witness stand.]

Court Officer: Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are present and properly seated.]

Court Clerk: Case on trial continues. All parties are present. Appearances remain the same. Jury is present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Steinglass.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you. Thank you for that, as well.

Note: [Redirect examination by Joshua Steinglass.]

Joshua Steinglass: Hello, Mr. Davidson.

Keith Davidson: Hello.

Joshua Steinglass: On cross-examination, Mr. Bove asked you several questions about a recorded conversation that you had with Michael Cohen on April 4th of 2018. Do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And, at the time, as of April 4th of 2018, had Stormy Daniels hired Michael Avenatti?

Keith Davidson: I believe so.

Joshua Steinglass: And was Michael Avenatti suing you and Michael Cohen at the time --

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: -- that you had this conversation with Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Would you like me to put or hand you copies of some of the transcript segments that Mr. Bove showed you?

Keith Davidson: Yes, please.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to hand you Defendant's F17-CT and Defendant's F17-ET.

Susan Hoffinger: AT.

Joshua Steinglass: Dash ET.

Note: [Whereupon, the documents are shown to the defense and then shown to the witness.]

Keith Davidson: Thanks.

Joshua Steinglass: You have them?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. So, let's start with F17-CT. Mr. Bove asked you if you said to Michael Cohen: "And now that Avenatti has really driven a wedge, a serious wedge in between Stormy and Gina, Avenatti is leaning on Gina and saying, you know, basically we're lying, we know we're full of shit in the media, we know that she was never threatened in Las Vegas, we know all these things." What did you mean when you said that?

Keith Davidson: I meant that, uh, that Avenatti was trying to, uh, persuade Gina's testimony.

Joshua Steinglass: So, were you in any way acknowledging that you were lying?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Were you in any way acknowledging that Stormy Daniels was never threatened in Las Vegas?

Keith Davidson: No.

Joshua Steinglass: Is it your belief that -- or is it your meaning that when you said that, you were talking about the things that Avenatti was going to allege or was alleging?

Keith Davidson: That's correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Similarly, Mr. Bove showed you, or read you, or played for you, or all of the above, a portion of the same call and gave you the transcript F17-ET. Can you take a look at that one, please?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And he asked you if you said: "I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if he comes out and says" -- let me just stop myself for one second to ask, who is "he" in that?

Keith Davidson: Anthony Kotsev.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. "I wouldn't be surprised if he comes out and says: You know what, Stormy Daniels, she wanted this money more than you could ever imagine. I remember hearing her on the phone saying, you, fucking Keith Davidson, you better settle this goddamn story because if he loses this election, and he's going to lose, if he loses this election, then we lose all fucking leverage and this case is worth zero." Mr. Bove asked you if you were discussing the Stormy Daniels case when you said these things to Michael Cohen?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Are you at all saying that Stormy Daniels said those things?

Keith Davidson: It was my understanding at the time that -- that this was April 4th, and that Anthony Kotsev was about to give a media interview, in sum and substance, in alignment with this text.

Joshua Steinglass: Just to be very clear, you were not telling Michael Cohen that Stormy Daniels was talking about the election and how she's gonna lose her leverage after the election, it was your understanding that those were things that Anthony Kotsev was going to say?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Joshua Steinglass: You testified on direct examination that you had an opportunity to review documents and exhibits that were contained on a thumb drive. Do you remember that?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Did you have a chance to listen to another recorded conversation from October 16, 2017 between yourself and Michael Cohen that has been marked for identification as People's Exhibit 265?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you know who made that recording?

Keith Davidson: Michael Cohen surreptitiously made the recording.

Joshua Steinglass: When you say "surreptitiously", did that mean you did not know you were being recorded?

Keith Davidson: I did not know I was being recorded.

Joshua Steinglass: Does that fairly and accurately depict a conversation that you had with Michael Cohen on October 16, 2017?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer it into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: Similarly, did you also have the opportunity to review what has been marked for identification as People's Exhibit 267?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Is that a transcript of the recorded phone conversation that we just admitted as People's Exhibit 265?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: Have you compared the transcript to the recording itself?

Keith Davidson: I have.

Joshua Steinglass: Is it accurate?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I offer that into evidence.

Emil Bove: Can I have one moment to confer with Mr. Steinglass?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Emil Bove: No objection. Thank you, Judge.

Juan Merchan: People's 267 is accepted into evidence.

Joshua Steinglass: What I would like to do, please, is display People's 267, Pages 10 to 11, while I'm playing a portion of 265, from 11 minutes and 13 seconds into the call through 13 minutes and 33 seconds into the call. And we can display this to everyone, please.

Note: [Whereupon, the audio exhibit is played in open court and the exhibit is shown on the screens.]

Joshua Steinglass: So, the portions of that tape that are attributed to "Keith", is that your voice?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: And the portions of the tape that are attributed to "Michael", is that Michael Cohen's voice?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: I want to blow up a particular paragraph here at the top of Page 11. Do you see the paragraph we're blowing up?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Joshua Steinglass: When Mr. Cohen said to you, "I can't even tell you how many times he said to me," who did you understand "he" to be a reference to?

Keith Davidson: Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: And what did you understand, "I hate the fact that we did it," attributed to Mr. Trump, to be a reference to?

Keith Davidson: I attributed that to be a quote from Mr. Trump.

Joshua Steinglass: About what? "Did" what?

Keith Davidson: The Stormy Daniels settlement.

Joshua Steinglass: One minute, please.

Joshua Steinglass: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Mr. Bove, anything else?

Emil Bove: Yes, please.

Note: [Recross examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Mr. Davidson, you don't know the day of that recording, do you?

Keith Davidson: Not offhand.

Emil Bove: And, so, when you're interpreting words of Michael Cohen, without understanding the date, you don't know what conversations had taken place by that time between you and Mr. Cohen, do you?

Keith Davidson: I don't understand your question.

Emil Bove: You have no frame of reference for when that was said in the context of all the other events that you testified about today, right?

Keith Davidson: No, I have a pretty good understanding of the context.

Emil Bove: My question is not the date, sir. You don't know when the conversation occurred, as you sit here, do you?

Keith Davidson: Not offhand.

Emil Bove: And you were asked questions by Mr. Steinglass about the recordings that you and I discussed, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: And those are recordings that had your voice, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And Mr. Cohen's voice, correct?

Keith Davidson: True.

Emil Bove: And the transcripts were accurate, and you followed along with those, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: The defense offers F15-A and the corresponding transcript, F17-A and the corresponding transcript, F17-C and the corresponding transcript, F17-E and the corresponding transcript.

Juan Merchan: Any objection?

Joshua Steinglass: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the aforementioned Defense Exhibits are received in evidence.]

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernick, let's start with F15-AT on the screen. This is in evidence, so the jury can see it.

Emil Bove: And you can play the corresponding call, please.

Note: [Whereupon, an audio exhibit plays in open court.]

Emil Bove: Now I'd like to publish to the jury F17-CT, that's the transcript, and play the corresponding audio, F17-C.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens and the audio exhibit plays in open court.]

Emil Bove: Now, if we could please publish F17-AT.

Emil Bove: And please play the corresponding audio.

Note: [Whereupon, an audio exhibit is played in open court.]

Emil Bove: If we can, please, now publish the last Defense Exhibit, F17-ET.

Emil Bove: Zoom in on the text, please, and then play the corresponding audio.

Emil Bove: Am I understanding you correctly in saying that you believe that statements that Stormy Daniels made to you about using the election as leverage are subject to attorney-client privilege?

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: The agreement that you signed in connection with the Stormy Daniels settlement used the initials DD, right?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: That was in a decoded Side Letter, was in connection with President Trump, correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: A man you've never talked to, correct?

Keith Davidson: Correct.

Joshua Steinglass: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Emil Bove: And a man you've never been in the same room with before Tuesday, is that correct?

Keith Davidson: Yes.

Emil Bove: I have no further questions.

Juan Merchan: Anything else?

Joshua Steinglass: No thank you, Judge.

Juan Merchan: You can step down.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: People, call your next witness.

Christopher Conroy: At this time, the People call Doug Daus.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [D-O-U-G-L-A-S D-A-U-S, having first been duly sworn and/or affirmed by the court clerk, was examined and testified as follows.]

Court Officer: State your full name, spelling your last name.

Douglas Daus: Douglas Daus. D-A-U-S.

Court Officer: Your county of residence?

Douglas Daus: Westchester County.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon. You may inquire.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Direct examination by Christopher Conroy.]

Christopher Conroy: Where do you work?

Douglas Daus: I work for the New York County District Attorney's Office.

Christopher Conroy: How long have you worked in the District Attorney's Office?

Douglas Daus: It will be ten years in July.

Christopher Conroy: Where do you work in the DA's Office?

Douglas Daus: HTAU. High Technology Analysis Unit.

Christopher Conroy: What does HTAU do?

Douglas Daus: Process all types of digital evidence that comes through our Lab to this Office. We take extractions from this type of evidence and produce reports for them.

Christopher Conroy: How long have you worked at HTAU?

Douglas Daus: It will be ten years in July.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us a little bit about your educational background?

Douglas Daus: I have a degree in psychology. I've been in this field a number of -- 20 years. I have a number of industry standard certifications, as well.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us about some of your certifications?

Douglas Daus: Certainly. One is a CCME, a Cellebrite Certified Mobile Examiner. Another one would be a Certified Computer Examiner.

Christopher Conroy: Where did you receive that training?

Douglas Daus: That training has been over the years that I've been accompanied with this type of job. It comes from the company itself, for Cellebrite. The other certification happens to be an internal body of trainees and trainers.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us about your experience in the field and your work history?

Douglas Daus: Certainly. So, before the ten years here, I worked two years for Guidance Software. It was a company that created EnCase. It's software that does forensics. Two years prior to that, I was embedded in the military in Iraq, doing the same type of work here.

Christopher Conroy: When were you in Iraq?

Douglas Daus: From April -- end of April '09 to when we closed, in November of 2011.

Christopher Conroy: And what were you doing over there?

Douglas Daus: Same type of work as here.

Christopher Conroy: What's your current role in HTAU?

Douglas Daus: I'm a Supervising Computer Forensic Analyst.

Christopher Conroy: Can you just give a brief description of what computer and phone forensics means?

Douglas Daus: It means that when we get a device that is a computer or phone, we then process that device. At that moment, we take a digital copy of the entire evidence, preserve it, and then work with that copy to perform an analysis of those devices.

Christopher Conroy: Can you describe your day-to-day responsibilities as a supervising analyst in HTAU?

Douglas Daus: Besides the daily supervision of the Lab, keeping up with technology, software, hardware. I am also an analyst, so any type of cases that come my way, I may also perform the extractions and produce reports for them.

Christopher Conroy: What kinds of devices do you analyze on a day-to-day basis?

Douglas Daus: Cell phones, primarily. It could be computers, as well, thumb drives, iCloud accounts. Actually, anything that would contain digital media.

Christopher Conroy: In the time you've been in HTAU, about how many devices have you analyzed?

Douglas Daus: Here, as of today, 3,392.

Christopher Conroy: Approximately?

Douglas Daus: Approximately.

Christopher Conroy: How many of those are phones?

Douglas Daus: Anywhere from 80 to 90 percent are phones.

Christopher Conroy: So, thousands of phones?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Does HTAU have a standard intake procedure for when the Unit receives digital evidence?

Douglas Daus: We do.

Christopher Conroy: Can you describe that intake procedure that HTAU uses?

Douglas Daus: So, once an intake email is set up from the attorneys to our Department, typically, devices will come in either pursuant to a Search Warrant or a Consent Form. Those devices then come to our office. We will examine them, take pictures of them, label them, keep records of those licenses, and then produce Chain of Custody Forms, and then begin the extractions and analysis.

Christopher Conroy: Would it be routine to -- for the person doing intake to know what authority HTAU has to do the search of the device?

Douglas Daus: We don't do any devices without such.

Christopher Conroy: That's where you mentioned Search Warrant or Consent?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Christopher Conroy: Briefly, what is a Search Warrant?

Douglas Daus: A Search Warrant is authority from a judge that signs, that allows us to examine the devices obtained for our Search Warrant.

Christopher Conroy: What is Consent?

Douglas Daus: Consent, just simply, the owner of the device consents to the examination of the device.

Christopher Conroy: Once the intake has been done, what happens to the device?

Douglas Daus: Once the intake is done, it is assigned an analyst. In this case, it would have been me. We then look at the Search Warrant or Consent Form, make sure all the numbers are correct, and then proceed with the extraction of devices.

Christopher Conroy: Would it be fair to say that the person who does the intake is not always the person that does the analysis of a particular device?

Douglas Daus: Not always, that's correct.

Christopher Conroy: Have you, yourself, extracted data from and performed analysis on smartphones, including Apple iPhones?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I have.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us a little bit more about the extraction process, specifically for a cell phone?

Douglas Daus: Depending upon whether it's an Android or an Apple iPhone, we then take it into a particular room. If we have a PIN code to it, then we'll proceed with the extraction of the device.

Christopher Conroy: When you say, "If we have a PIN code," what do you mean?

Douglas Daus: In Consents, we are usually provided the PIN code.

Christopher Conroy: You mean the password?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Christopher Conroy: What types of tools or programs do you use to extract data from smartphones or cell phones?

Douglas Daus: As mentioned before, Cellebrite is one of them. Graykey is another one.

Christopher Conroy: What do those tools do when they're extracting information from the phone? What does it extract?

Douglas Daus: It extracts the entire content of the device and puts it in a format that's readable by the format itself.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "content of the device", is that data?

Douglas Daus: That is all the data on those devices.

Christopher Conroy: How do you read that data once its been extracted?

Douglas Daus: We use, again, the software called Cellebrite to then take the contents of those devices and put it into a meaningful format.

Christopher Conroy: Once it's in that format, what kinds of things can you look at from the extraction?

Douglas Daus: Anything that you would normally see on the device, your call history, your contacts, your text messages, videos, pictures and such.

Christopher Conroy: In that process, is any of the data on the phone changed in any way?

Douglas Daus: We're dealing with a live phone, so perhaps some things in the background like software. But, for all intents and purposes, things do not change.

Christopher Conroy: Can -- withdrawn. What kinds of data, specifically, can be extracted from a smartphone?

Douglas Daus: Um, text messages, all types of software, call history, log files, anything that is normally on a phone.

Christopher Conroy: Can you get contact lists?

Douglas Daus: You can.

Christopher Conroy: Pictures?

Douglas Daus: Pictures.

Christopher Conroy: Calendar entries?

Douglas Daus: Calendar entries.

Christopher Conroy: Audio recordings?

Douglas Daus: Audios.

Christopher Conroy: Can you pull the phone number associated with the smartphone?

Douglas Daus: Absolutely.

Christopher Conroy: The user name?

Douglas Daus: The user name.

Christopher Conroy: Can you get emails?

Douglas Daus: You can.

Christopher Conroy: And can you get downloaded apps?

Douglas Daus: Yes, you may.

Christopher Conroy: Can you also get something called metadata?

Douglas Daus: You can.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us a little about what metadata is?

Douglas Daus: Simply, metadata is data about data. To give an analogy, let's say you look at a book. Before you open it up, you may see the title of it, maybe the author, but you don't know who published it, who wrote it and when it was done. You would simply open up the book cover, and that's the information that would be considered metadata.

Christopher Conroy: How is that metadata on the phone created?

Douglas Daus: It's created by the year and/or the operating system itself and applications.

Christopher Conroy: And does that depend on what kind of metadata it is?

Douglas Daus: It just depends on the artifact.

Christopher Conroy: As part of your work in HTAU, were you assigned to an investigation involving Donald Trump?

Douglas Daus: I was.

Christopher Conroy: Were you assigned to two devices to analyze as part of that investigation?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I was.

Christopher Conroy: What kinds of devices?

Douglas Daus: There are two iPhones. The first one is an iPhone 6s, and the second one is an iPhone 7.

Christopher Conroy: Did you understand the authority that HTAU had to be in possession and look at those two phones?

Douglas Daus: As mentioned before, it was a Consent.

Christopher Conroy: And whose Consent, if you know?

Douglas Daus: The Consent was Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And do you know whose phones those were?

Douglas Daus: They were Michael Cohen's.

Christopher Conroy: Did one of the phones that you received have a gold case?

Douglas Daus: It did.

Christopher Conroy: Was that the 6s?

Douglas Daus: That was.

Christopher Conroy: Did you assign an identifier to that phone to use within HTAU?

Douglas Daus: I did.

Christopher Conroy: What was the identifier?

Douglas Daus: CP-0001. "CP" stands for cell phone.

Christopher Conroy: Is that sort of a standard practice in a particular case, you would name any phone CP-001 through any phones?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Christopher Conroy: Is that okay if I call that "CP1" going forward?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall the last four digits of the phone number for that phone?

Douglas Daus: 114

Christopher Conroy: Did you note the serial number of that phone?

Douglas Daus: I did. I don't recall it.

Christopher Conroy: Is there something that could refresh your recollection?

Douglas Daus: Notes would, yes.

Christopher Conroy: Just for the parties and the Court and the witness, could we display those notes?

Juan Merchan: Is there an identification of it? Mark it for identification.

Christopher Conroy: We could mark that as People's -- just one moment, Judge.

Christopher Conroy: If we could mark that as People's 511-A.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the witness' screen and on the parties' screens.]

Christopher Conroy: Mr. Daus, take a look at that. Does that refresh your memory what the serial number for the phone is?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it does.

Christopher Conroy: Tell us what it was.

Douglas Daus: Delta, November, Papa, Quebec, Charlie, Zero, Hotel, One, Golf, Ralph, Yellow, and Three.

Christopher Conroy: And, if I may, to put that into the regular alphabet, is that DNPQC0H1GRY3?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Christopher Conroy: Did the other phone that you received have a black case?

Douglas Daus: It did.

Christopher Conroy: Was that the iPhone 7?

Douglas Daus: It was.

Christopher Conroy: Was an identifier assigned to this phone?

Douglas Daus: It was.

Christopher Conroy: What was that?

Douglas Daus: CP-0002.

Christopher Conroy: Is that okay if I refer to that as "CP2" going forward?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you remember the last four digits of the phone number for that phone?

Douglas Daus: 6866

Christopher Conroy: Again, do you remember the serial number for that phone?

Douglas Daus: I do not.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up what I would deem marked People's 15 -- People's 511-B, just for the parties and the witness.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the witness' screen and on the parties' screens.]

Christopher Conroy: Take a look at that, and tell us if it refreshes your recollection.

Douglas Daus: It does.

Christopher Conroy: What was the serial number?

Douglas Daus: F18T2PHHG7K.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: You can take that down.

Christopher Conroy: When you received the phones to forensically examine, do you recall if CP1 and CP2 were powered on or powered off?

Douglas Daus: They were off.

Christopher Conroy: Did each of these two devices go through the intake process, as you just described for us?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they did.

Christopher Conroy: Did you do the intake yourself?

Douglas Daus: I did not.

Christopher Conroy: Once you were assigned the phones, what did you do with them?

Douglas Daus: Once I received the phones, I kind of mentioned before, I take them to what's called our F Room, our Faraday Room. F-A-R-A-D-A-Y. It's a room that separates the room from outside sources so there's no interference. We'll then plug that into a device, hardware device, and then proceed, after given the passcode, to extract the data from the device.

Christopher Conroy: Once you did all of that, did you end up with a full forensic extraction on each of the data on CP1 and CP2?

Douglas Daus: It was a full extraction.

Christopher Conroy: We talked a little about this. In layman's terms, could you explain for the members of the jury what "full forensic extraction" means?

Douglas Daus: It's just an extraction from the beginning of the storage device to the end of it, meaning it captures all the data.

Christopher Conroy: If I could hand the witness a thumb drive that contains People's Exhibits 246 to 266.

Note: [Whereupon, the thumb drive is given to the witness.]

Christopher Conroy: Mr. Daus, before testifying here today, did you have a chance to review each of these exhibits that are marked as People's 246 to 266 on the thumb drive?

Douglas Daus: I did.

Christopher Conroy: Is that the same thumb drive that you reviewed?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: How do you know that?

Douglas Daus: I dated it and initialed it after examining it.

Christopher Conroy: Are all of the exhibits on the thumb drive, except for People's 248, which we'll come back to, an exact copy of portions of data forensically extracted from either CP1 or CP2?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they are.

Christopher Conroy: This thumb drive, for the record, I will note, contains People's 255 and People's 266, which are already in evidence. One moment.

Christopher Conroy: I'm sorry. It's 255 and 265, which are both already in evidence.

Christopher Conroy: Mr. Daus, when you reviewed those exhibits, did you see redactions in many of the exhibits?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I did.

Christopher Conroy: Did you, as you were looking at the exhibit on the thumb drive, look at both an unredacted and redacted copy of each of the exhibits?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I did.

Christopher Conroy: Where there were redactions, were the exhibits, but for the redactions, the same as the corresponding exhibit without redactions?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they were.

Christopher Conroy: What kinds of information was redacted on the exhibits that you were looking at with redactions?

Douglas Daus: The parties' names.

Christopher Conroy: Was it, primarily, personal identifying information, names, email addresses, phone numbers, that kind of thing?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it was.

Christopher Conroy: Did you review each of these exhibits, except for Exhibit 248, against the data that you forensically extracted from either CP1 or CP2, depending which it came from, to make sure that each of the exhibits contained exact copies of the portions of data that you extracted from each of the phones?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I did.

Christopher Conroy: Other than People's 248, do People's Exhibits 246 to 266 contain exact copies of data extracted from CP1 or CP2?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they do.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, at this time I'd like to offer as -- into evidence People's 246, 247, 249 to 254, 256 to 264, and 266.

Juan Merchan: Any objections?

Emil Bove: No, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the aforementioned exhibits are received in evidence.]

Christopher Conroy: Now, I want to, first, talk about the group exhibits, numbers 249 to 251, 255, which was already in evidence, 257 to 260, and 262. Are each of those Cellebrite reports created from the extraction that you did on CP1?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they are.

Christopher Conroy: And are they all text messages with Michael Cohen as one of the parties? And with respect to each of the exhibits, are different parties corresponding with Michael Cohen?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they are.

Christopher Conroy: I would like to pull up an example just to go through what a report looks like.

Christopher Conroy: You can pull this up for everybody. You can pull up People's 259.

Christopher Conroy: If you look at those, who are those texts between?

Douglas Daus: The parties would be the owner of the phone, Michael Cohen, and Hope Hicks.

Christopher Conroy: And can you tell us the last four digits of Hope Hicks' phone number?

Douglas Daus: 226

Christopher Conroy: Now, could you just tell us a little bit about each of the columns that's blown up there? First of all, is this format what you would see in one of the Cellebrite Reports that you were talking about earlier?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: So, this was data extracted from the phone and then put into a Cellebrite Report?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us about each of the columns, the header columns on this exhibit?

Douglas Daus: Certainly. The first one is self-explanatory, the date. Your next column is the time. Then the parties. The description is the content of the message. And the source is just what particular artifact it came from, being the native messaging app.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. That's sort of where the data lived on the phone?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "description", that's the body of the text?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Christopher Conroy: I want to talk a little bit about the time here. In your work, have you become familiar with different time zones and how timestamps work on different phones and other devices?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I have.

Christopher Conroy: Are you familiar with UTC?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What is UTC?

Douglas Daus: Universal Time Coordinated. Basically stands for the old way of weighing time. GMT, Greenwich Mean Time. We're on an Earth with 24 Time Zones, so one place starts with zero. There are a few zones that go around. New York here, we're either two different times, depending upon when it changes twice a year.

Douglas Daus: So, it would be UTC minus 4 or UTC minus 5.

Christopher Conroy: Meaning, if the time up there says 7:09:12 P.M. UTC minus 4, what Time Zone is that time in?

Douglas Daus: So, it's already converted to Eastern Standard Time, so it's 7:09 PM.

Christopher Conroy: And you mentioned the time change either being UTC minus 4 or UTC minus 5. Does that relate to Daylight Saving Time?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it does.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now pull up People's 263 in evidence.

Christopher Conroy: Is this a report of contacts from CP1?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: How many contacts were in -- on CP1?

Douglas Daus: 39,745.

Christopher Conroy: Is that unusual?

Douglas Daus: That is unusual.

Christopher Conroy: In what way?

Douglas Daus: I've not seen contacts -- that many being on a phone.

Christopher Conroy: What would be a more -- what would be an average number of contacts that you would see when you do this kind of examination of a phone?

Douglas Daus: Maybe hundreds.

Christopher Conroy: Hundreds. Maybe thousands?

Douglas Daus: Thousands. A thousand, at the most.

Christopher Conroy: Can we pull up a few examples of the contacts from the phone? First, could we pull up -- this is three pages of contacts that were on CP1 for David Pecker.

Christopher Conroy: Is that what that is?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Could we next pull up -- is this two pages of contacts for Hope Hicks?

Christopher Conroy: The next one.

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Could we also look -- is this the next 12 pages of contacts for Allen Weisselberg?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: And, finally, could we pull up -- is this three pages of contacts for Donald Trump?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: New, if you recall, was this all the pages of accounts for Donald Trump?

Douglas Daus: No.

Christopher Conroy: Do you remember how many pages of contacts for Donald Trump were on CP1?

Douglas Daus: I think there were ten.

Christopher Conroy: We're not gonna pull up additional pages, but did the contacts on CP1 also include contacts for Dylan Howard?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Keith Davidson?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Keith Schiller?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Melania Trump?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Rhona Graff?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Jay Sekulow?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Larry Rosen?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Daniel Rotstein?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And Gary Farro?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Could we now quickly pull up what's in evidence as People's 264?

Christopher Conroy: Is this the contacts from CP2?

Douglas Daus: It is.

Christopher Conroy: How many contacts were on this phone?

Douglas Daus: 385

Christopher Conroy: Is that more what you're used to seeing?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could next pull up People's 256.

Christopher Conroy: Is this an example of emails that were pulled off of CP1?

Douglas Daus: They are.

Christopher Conroy: I, again, just want to kind of walk through for the jury the different columns that we see in -- is it okay if I call this a Cellebrite Report?

Douglas Daus: Yes, you can.

Christopher Conroy: Can you walk us through the headers of the columns and explain a little bit about what the information is in each column?

Douglas Daus: Certainly. There's the date, the time, which is also in -- posted by the date, the party, between the two parties sending and receiving emails, the description, and the source, just saying that it's from emails.

Christopher Conroy: Who are the parties on this?

Douglas Daus: From Patty to Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's Patty's email, the end of her email address?

Douglas Daus: That's @Delaneycorporate.com.

Christopher Conroy: Thanks.

Christopher Conroy: If we could next pull up what's in evidence as People's 253.

Christopher Conroy: Taking a look at People's 253, is this a photograph that you pulled up from CP1?

Douglas Daus: It is.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know who that is in that photograph?

Douglas Daus: I do.

Christopher Conroy: Who is that?

Douglas Daus: That's Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: Have you ever met Michael Cohen?

Douglas Daus: I haven't.

Christopher Conroy: Sorry?

Douglas Daus: I have not. Sorry.

Christopher Conroy: How do you know that that's him?

Douglas Daus: I watch a lot of news.

Christopher Conroy: And do you know -- can you tell from looking at that, where that photograph was taken?

Douglas Daus: Looks like the White House.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now pull up what's in evidence as People's 252.

Christopher Conroy: And if you could blow that up a little bit. Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: Mr. Daus, what is this?

Douglas Daus: This is, as mentioned before, the metadata about that picture.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky relieves Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Christopher Conroy.]

Christopher Conroy: And can you tell us, what does that metadata tell us about that picture? If you could sort of explain that as you walk through the columns?

Douglas Daus: All right. So you have modified time, created time, access time. They are all on February 8th of 2017 at approximately 5:39 p.m.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. And what does each of those things mean?

Douglas Daus: It just means that those are the dates, the times that existed on that phone.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. And does that mean that's when that photo was created?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Okay.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now pull up what's in evidence as People's 254. And if you could blow that up a little bit.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: Is this a copy of a calendar invite?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Again, a Cellebrite report?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Christopher Conroy: So this was extracted, this is part of your forensic extraction of the phone?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: What -- can you tell us again the date, and sort of walk us through the columns?

Douglas Daus: As mentioned before, so date, time, and description, February 8th, 2017, at 4:30 p.m., of a calendar event. The description is called "Meeting with POTUS."

Christopher Conroy: And, again, up there, can you tell us about the time zone, you see UTC minus five. Can you tell us what time zone this is in?

Douglas Daus: Eastern Standard Time. This is before the time changes in March. This is February, so that's why it's minus five.

Christopher Conroy: Could we now look at People's 261 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: What is this report?

Douglas Daus: It's another report of a call log from the WhatsApp application that existed on the device.

Christopher Conroy: What is a call log?

Douglas Daus: A call log is just a log that identifies when calls were made.

Christopher Conroy: And you said it was from an app called "WhatsApp?"

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Christopher Conroy: What is WhatsApp?

Douglas Daus: WhatsApp is an app, an encrypted app that users use to communicate with each other.

Christopher Conroy: And you said -- what is an encrypted app?

Douglas Daus: It just means that the conversation between you and the next party is encrypted. It can't be intercepted and/or vetted.

Christopher Conroy: WhatsApp is an example of that type of an app?

Douglas Daus: It's an example.

Christopher Conroy: Did you find other encrypted apps on either CP1 and/or CP2?

Douglas Daus: I did.

Christopher Conroy: Which ones did you find, if you remember?

Douglas Daus: Telegram and Signal.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if you recall, was People's 265, which is in evidence and was already in evidence, an audio recording that you extracted from CP2?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it was.

Christopher Conroy: Could we pull up what's in evidence as People's 266. And if you could blow that up a little bit.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: What is People's 266?

Douglas Daus: This is the information about the recording.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the metadata for that recording?

Douglas Daus: It is.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the title of that recording?

Douglas Daus: The title was labeled "Keith Davidson, October 16th, 2017."

Christopher Conroy: And was that recording made, if you know, on October 16th, 2017?

Douglas Daus: It was.

Christopher Conroy: And how do you know that?

Douglas Daus: Based upon the application called "Voice Memos," how it names the file itself and keeps track of the timestamp, that is embedded within the file.

Christopher Conroy: And do we see that same date in some of the other columns?

Douglas Daus: Yes, we do.

Christopher Conroy: Including in the timestamp date column?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Christopher Conroy: And also the timestamp time column?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And, again, that's all metadata forensically extracted from CP2?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Christopher Conroy: Now, can we look at People's 247.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And if we could blow that up a little bit.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: Is this the metadata for this audio recording?

Douglas Daus: It is.

Christopher Conroy: And can you walk us through the columns here and walk us through the title and what kind of file this is and the date and time it's created?

Douglas Daus: The title is entitled "New Recording 3," which indicates that there are two previous recordings on the Voice Memo app on the iPhone. It's just an audio recording, it's on the app, which is the audio recording software. It gives the date and timestamp of September 6th, 2016 at approximately 10:56:42 a.m. in the morning, Eastern Standard Time, with a duration of two minutes and 51 seconds.

Douglas Daus: The Link is just the name of the file again. And the end is just the source. Every file has a source path where it exists on the device.

Christopher Conroy: Now, People's 246 is an audio file. It's not a recording that you were able to forensically extract from CP1, right?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Christopher Conroy: Did you have a chance to listen to People's 246?

Douglas Daus: I did.

Christopher Conroy: And if we could, just for the parties and the Judge, take a look at what's marked or what's in evidence as People's 248.

Note: [Displayed on the screen for the aforementioned parties.]

Christopher Conroy: I'm sorry. What had been marked for identification as People's 248.

Christopher Conroy: Mr. Daus, do you recognize what that is?

Douglas Daus: I do.

Christopher Conroy: What is that?

Douglas Daus: That's a transcript of that aforementioned audio.

Christopher Conroy: Is it a transcript of approximately 46 seconds of the audio file that is People's Exhibit 246?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Is that recording longer than 46 seconds?

Douglas Daus: It is.

Christopher Conroy: So this is a transcript just of the last 46 seconds of that recording?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Christopher Conroy: Did you have an opportunity to compare that transcript to the last 46 seconds of that recording as you were listening to it?

Douglas Daus: I have.

Christopher Conroy: Is the transcript a fair and accurate rendering of the words that you hear, what you listened to, the last 46 seconds in People's 246?

Douglas Daus: To the best of my ability.

Christopher Conroy: At this point I would offer People's 248 into evidence.

Juan Merchan: Any objections?

Emil Bove: No, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now click People's 248 or, actually, can you pull that down for a minute. And if we could play People's 246 and then stop it when we get to 46 seconds from the end, and then I will ask to put the transcript up on the screens.

Christopher Conroy: Can we pull up the transcript.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And if we can play the last 46 seconds.

Christopher Conroy: And just so the record is clear, the metadata that we just looked at, that was People's 247, is the date and time that that recording was created, is that right?

Douglas Daus: It is.

Christopher Conroy: One moment.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, Judge. Nothing further.

Juan Merchan: Any cross?

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge, thank you. May I inquire?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Cross-examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Is it Mr. Daus? Am I saying that right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: My name is Emil Bove. I represent President Trump. It sounded like, to me, like you started your career in forensics in Iraq?

Douglas Daus: I didn't start it in Iraq, but before that actually.

Emil Bove: You did some work over there. And I think you said that that work is similar to what you are doing for the District Attorney's office?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: But there are some differences, right?

Douglas Daus: Yeah.

Emil Bove: And, to me, one of the differences breaks down to the difference between Intel collection and the presentation of evidence in criminal cases, correct?

Douglas Daus: Sure.

Emil Bove: Do you know what I mean by "Intel collection?"

Douglas Daus: A collection of things that are important for national security.

Emil Bove: Right. And in Iraq you were doing that, essentially, on a battlefield, more or less, right?

Douglas Daus: In a lab, yes.

Emil Bove: And it was important to get information to parties who could use it as quickly as possible, right?

Douglas Daus: Absolutely.

Emil Bove: That is, in that setting, in the Intel setting, that's probably the top priority?

Douglas Daus: I would say.

Emil Bove: And it's not necessarily a top priority in connection with a criminal investigation, right?

Douglas Daus: I do the same thing on every case.

Emil Bove: Well, the integrity of the data matters more in a criminal case than on a battlefield, doesn't it?

Douglas Daus: I would say so, sure.

Emil Bove: Because different rights are at stake?

Douglas Daus: Certainly.

Emil Bove: And so, things that you might be able to do more quickly outside the United States requires more caution in the United States, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that's the distinction that I'm trying to touch on. There are some procedures that you follow here in the US that are just different than what you were doing outside the US?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And you work in a Department now that -- how do you say the acronym, HTAU?

Douglas Daus: HTAU.

Emil Bove: Which is basically a multimillion dollar cyber lab, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Funded in part by the District Attorney's Office and some others?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Emil Bove: And it sounded to me like you are basically, when you are doing these phone reviews, you are operating in a secure environment?

Douglas Daus: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: I have seen pictures. It looks like a vault, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: There are some parts of this that are a SCIF?

Douglas Daus: Sure. There are no signals coming out, so it would be a SCIF.

Emil Bove: And I'm guessing no windows and it has heavy doors, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, that's correct.

Emil Bove: And that is to prevent the devices that you are working on from being manipulated while you are working on it, correct?

Douglas Daus: Yes. That's absolutely correct.

Emil Bove: And the Director of HTAU is Steve Moran, right?

Douglas Daus: He is.

Emil Bove: And I think I've seen him say publicly that there is a real concern that investigative targets can manipulate data and their devices remotely?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: You agree with Mr. Moran, right?

Douglas Daus: I do.

Emil Bove: And so, here in New York, one of the top priorities for the analysis and the forensics that you are conducting is maintaining the integrity of the data?

Douglas Daus: Absolutely.

Emil Bove: And it's important to maintain that integrity, because it ultimately goes to the reliability and the evidence that you present in a criminal trial setting like this, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: That goes to how much weight the jury should put on it?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Evidence that has been subject to a risk of manipulation is less reliable, isn't it?

Douglas Daus: Certainly.

Emil Bove: That's a basic principle of the forensic certifications that you described, right?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Emil Bove: And so, in your field, there are processes and procedures that are designed to maintain the integrity of the data?

Douglas Daus: Yes, there are.

Emil Bove: So let's talk a little bit more about the different steps in the process. Let's start with device collection, which I think is the first step, right?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Emil Bove: It sometimes is called the "acquisition phase?"

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Meaning, how does law enforcement get the device that you ultimately search, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And that could happen in a lot of ways, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Law enforcement can collect a device at a crime scene, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Execute a search warrant, seize a device, and bring it to you, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Issue a subpoena and collect a device and bring it to you, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Or in this case, a device was delivered to you with an authorization from Michael Cohen, right? That's how it was acquired, the two devices were acquired?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it was.

Emil Bove: And if you got to pick from the kinds of just pure forensics, the best case scenario would be that once acquired, the device goes immediately in the vault, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: It is immediately secured, to be kept away from radio waves, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that -- I don't want to sound crazy, but that's radio waves that we are talking about, the internet we're talking about, phone signals, right?

Douglas Daus: Phone signals, yeah.

Emil Bove: So if you got to pick the top priority, it would be let's get the phone or phones in the vault, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: That can't always happen, right?

Douglas Daus: It can't.

Emil Bove: It can be your priority, but there are other people involved in the investigation, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: They have other priorities, correct?

Douglas Daus: That is absolutely correct.

Emil Bove: And so sometimes there is a lag time?

Douglas Daus: There is.

Emil Bove: Some delays in getting the device in the vault?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Some delays in getting the device protected from manipulation?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: There are interim measures in your field for sort of protecting the device while it's in that transit process, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: I think you mentioned -- did you mention a Faraday room?

Douglas Daus: Faraday room, yes.

Emil Bove: But there's also a Faraday bag?

Douglas Daus: There is.

Emil Bove: So sometimes you can get the device, throw it in the bag, and it's protected from the radio signals, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: You can do it immediately?

Douglas Daus: You can do it immediately.

Emil Bove: And that is the soundest way to do a device acquisition, correct?

Douglas Daus: The soundest way.

Emil Bove: One of the considerations here in the acquisition phase is chain of custody, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you know what that means?

Douglas Daus: Yep.

Emil Bove: Chain of custody is the process by which who handles the device is tracked, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Who acquired it, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Who brought it --

Douglas Daus: Who brought it.

Emil Bove: -- back to your office, right?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Emil Bove: Who participated in the intake process, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And now, there are two sides of that. Somebody brings the device and somebody accepts it, right, and so those are links in the chain?

Douglas Daus: Links in the chain.

Emil Bove: The more secure the chain of custody, the more reliable the evidence, right?

Douglas Daus: One could ascertain.

Emil Bove: But you believe that? I mean, you have been practicing this for a long time, right?

Douglas Daus: Certainly.

Emil Bove: And you believe that to be true, don't you?

Douglas Daus: Certainly.

Emil Bove: That is correct?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Emil Bove: And a break in the chain of custody, it presents a risk, right?

Douglas Daus: It could be.

Emil Bove: It could be a big risk, it could be a little one, but it creates a risk, and I'm not trying to quantify it right now?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: But that's a basic principle of forensic analysis, correct?

Douglas Daus: A basic principle.

Emil Bove: If there was a gap in -- of who was handling the evidence at a certain time, that's an open question, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Emil Bove: Once the device is acquired and we get it into the vault, we get it into that room, the next stage is to actually look -- extract the data, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it is.

Emil Bove: And there are a couple of ways -- well, there are a few ways to do that, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: One is manual extraction?

Douglas Daus: Uh-huh.

Emil Bove: Which is not really an extraction at all, it's just looking at what's on the phone physically, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, that's correct.

Emil Bove: Basically, taking screen shots of what you can see in the phone as, like, I would look at my own phone as I was using it, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And there is equipment for that that can help you take better pictures, but you really are, ultimately, just taking pictures of what's on the screen?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And this is, would you say, the least sophisticated way to acquire data from an electronic device?

Douglas Daus: The less sophisticated.

Emil Bove: And so you can't access metadata in a meaningful way, correct?

Douglas Daus: No, you can't.

Emil Bove: And you can't recover items deleted by the user, right?

Douglas Daus: You cannot.

Emil Bove: You can't look at the coding of specific files, like an image that you see on a phone, right?

Douglas Daus: No.

Emil Bove: So there are other ways to do this, correct?

Douglas Daus: There are.

Emil Bove: And another one is a logical extraction?

Douglas Daus: Uh-huh.

Emil Bove: And so for a logical extraction, you are pulling the data off of the device, sort of in the same format that it looks -- the same way Windows looks, right, a folder, a hierarchical formation, right?

Douglas Daus: Files, yes.

Emil Bove: What was that?

Douglas Daus: Files.

Emil Bove: I didn't hear you.

Douglas Daus: Files. Files. Folders.

Emil Bove: Right. And this is, again, similar -- if you are looking at a logical extraction, it's similar to the way that you might look at the way you operate your PC from a Windows environment?

Douglas Daus: The same.

Emil Bove: And so in that way, say you connect the phone to a piece of equipment in your lab, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And you pull the data off the phone, correct?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And it brings the data on in this file folder structure?

Douglas Daus: It does.

Emil Bove: And is one of the drawbacks to this logical extraction that it doesn't look at the unallocated space, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: The unallocated space is where -- I'm going to use layman's terms and you will fix it up for me -- it's where the deleted stuff goes to reside?

Douglas Daus: An artifact, yes.

Emil Bove: And an artifact is a piece of data of one of these items that you are examining, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And when you do a logical extraction, one of the drawbacks is you can't tell what the user deleted or has not deleted, isn't that right?

Douglas Daus: Correct.

Emil Bove: Yes. It just pulls out the information that was present at the time that it was acquired?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And there is a better way?

Douglas Daus: Yes, a better way.

Emil Bove: A physical acquisition?

Douglas Daus: Yes, a physical acquisition in some ways is more of an older approach for Apple iPhones. It's a full file system.

Emil Bove: And in a full file system, you are basically pulling a forensic image of the whole memory chip?

Douglas Daus: Yeah, the whole memory chip, that's correct.

Emil Bove: And you -- and it's a process that you connect the phone to a piece of equipment that you have and it pulls the data out, and there is a giant -- depending on how much metadata is on the phone, a giant file, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And when it gets onto that equipment, it's ones and zeroes, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And so you need something to parse the data?

Douglas Daus: You do.

Emil Bove: Parsing the data means converting ones and zeroes into the types of things that you and I are used to looking at, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: And so pictures, right -- we looked at that picture of Michael Cohen at the podium, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: That came onto your machine as ones and zeroes and then you had some equipment that converted it so that you could see what the picture looked like?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Same thing with the phone logs, right?

Douglas Daus: It's in the format on the phone, yes.

Emil Bove: It's pulled out as ones and zeroes parsed on your machine, and ultimately generates these reports that we are looking at in evidence, right?

Douglas Daus: It does.

Emil Bove: When you are working with these -- just to back up for one minute, so we just talked about three methods: Manual, logical, physical. You did all of those on both of these phones, right?

Douglas Daus: I did a full file system on the phone, that's it.

Emil Bove: You also -- someone from your staff did a manual review, correct?

Douglas Daus: When I turned -- when I got the device, I simply plugged it into the device, pulled the extraction and then put it away into evidence.

Emil Bove: So there were other people from HTAU who worked on the phone and did searches?

Douglas Daus: There is. They are part of the investigative team, but not at HTAU.

Emil Bove: So it -- and I am just trying to understand process-wise. Is it possible that someone outside of HTAU did manual searches on these device?

Douglas Daus: Whoever had the phone before, some other agency, if that's what you are asking.

Emil Bove: Well, the FBI searched both of these phones before you did, right?

Douglas Daus: I heard that they did.

Emil Bove: You know that they did, correct?

Douglas Daus: I heard that they did, yes.

Emil Bove: And we are going to talk about that. But what I want to focus on right now is just what happened when the phones were acquired at the District Attorney's office, okay.

Douglas Daus: [Nods head.]

Emil Bove: Let's talk a little bit about the file, the BIN file, the image that's pulled off.

Douglas Daus: It's called the zip file.

Emil Bove: The zip file, that's pulled off of the extraction. When a file is that big and it's pulled off in that way, there is some risk that the data can degrade, is that correct?

Douglas Daus: So once the data is pulled off, it's then hashed or checks are done, which means that entire file gets a very unique number that says this is the hash that contains all these contents. If anything was affected, that hash file would change.

Emil Bove: Thank you. That's right where I was going. So the hash value associated with the particular giant zip file is like a digital fingerprint, right?

Douglas Daus: It's a digital fingerprint.

Emil Bove: Maybe even more detailed, like DNA for us, right?

Douglas Daus: Sure.

Emil Bove: If you trust the hash system you are using, if one of those files with ones or zeroes changes, it's a different hash value, correct?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And this is a way to check on an ongoing basis the integrity of the data that you are working with, right?

Douglas Daus: Absolutely.

Emil Bove: And it's a way to ensure that over points in time during the acquisition and review process that the data itself has not been manipulated, right?

Douglas Daus: Each time you look at it, it hashes or verifies it each time you look at it.

Emil Bove: That is an automatic process, right?

Douglas Daus: It's automatic.

Emil Bove: Just the checkmark, yes, the hashes match, correct?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And that's because these hashes, if you are really being secure about it, they are very, very long sets of numbers and letters, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, they are.

Emil Bove: You don't want to spend a lot of time checking those numbers and letters one by one, right?

Douglas Daus: You do not.

Emil Bove: The computer does it for you. But it's as if, say, fingerprints that match. If the hash is the same, these are the same two types of -- this is the same file, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And so you testified today about some of the artifacts that you extracted from two phones that were acquired from Michael Cohen, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes, I did.

Emil Bove: And these artifacts are segments of a much broader set of data that was pulled off of each phone, correct?

Douglas Daus: They are just segments.

Emil Bove: That's because you are able to, once the data is parsed, you can use the program to select what the pieces of it are that you want to highlight, right?

Douglas Daus: You can.

Emil Bove: So we have certain excerpts, but not the whole phone, correct?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: You pulled certain excerpts that you were instructed to pull by the Prosecutors, right?

Douglas Daus: Of course.

Emil Bove: And you don't know, do you, why they picked certain things and not others?

Douglas Daus: I'm not part of the investigative team.

Emil Bove: And you are not a part of the investigative team, and there are also situations where the evidence raises questions, but they are not your questions to answer, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And so, just as an example, we played -- I'm sorry, not "we," -- the Government played a recording from September 6th of 2016, that was the metadata associated with that file, right? Do you remember that?

Douglas Daus: Yes, it was.

Emil Bove: And there was a transcript associated with that, and we put that up on the screen and as we listened. The audio cuts off, right?

Douglas Daus: Towards the end, yeah.

Emil Bove: And you don't have firsthand knowledge of why it cuts off, right?

Douglas Daus: I don't. I mean, I heard a phone call was coming in, that's all I know.

Emil Bove: So somebody gave you some instructions --

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: -- about why the phone was cut off, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: But, as a result, you know that that wasn't the whole conversation, correct?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And you don't know what was going on before or after, right?

Douglas Daus: I do not.

Emil Bove: And you were instructed, were you not, to check the phone itself, the physical device, to see if there was incoming or outgoing calls on it around the time of that recording?

Douglas Daus: Look at -- I wasn't instructed, per se, to look at the calls coming in at that time.

Emil Bove: You -- at one point you prepared a report, did you not, of all incoming and outgoing calls on CP1, the device from which that recording was extracted?

Douglas Daus: Yes, those reports were pulled after.

Emil Bove: And you found a call around the time of the recording on the physical device, correct?

Douglas Daus: I wasn't specifically asked to look at that.

Emil Bove: But, you do know that the recording cuts off. And you don't know what happened after that, right?

Douglas Daus: Just that it cut off.

Emil Bove: And you don't know what was going on before that?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: I want to now get back to the actual acquisition process for these two devices. These came to HTAU on January 23rd of 2023, right?

Douglas Daus: They did come to our Office, yes.

Emil Bove: And I'm being a little imprecise. There are two iPhones, right?

Douglas Daus: That's right.

Emil Bove: If I say CP1 and CP2, you will know what I mean?

Douglas Daus: I will.

Emil Bove: And at the time these phones came to HTAU, is it your testimony that you were not provided with the copies that the FBI had seized?

Douglas Daus: Yeah, I did not receive those.

Emil Bove: You did not have access to the data that the FBI seized from these devices in 2018, did you?

Douglas Daus: I did not.

Emil Bove: And you did not ask for that data, did you?

Douglas Daus: I did not.

Emil Bove: And you didn't ask any questions about what the FBI had done to the devices in 2018, correct?

Douglas Daus: That is correct.

Emil Bove: And there -- this acquisition process, there are so many different ways to do it, some of the acquisition processes are more invasive than others, right?

Douglas Daus: Yes.

Emil Bove: Well --

Douglas Daus: Manually looking at a device is invasive.

Emil Bove: And so, just to clarify, when I was using the term "manual" earlier, I mean, taking some pictures on the top of the phone?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: There are also really invasive methods, other types of methods, right?

Douglas Daus: Right.

Emil Bove: Rip the phone apart, right?

Douglas Daus: For Androids, not for Apple iPhones.

Emil Bove: And that's a specific situation where you really can't do a second search, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And in addition to there being acquisition processes that are particularly invasive, there is room for user error in the acquisition process, right?

Douglas Daus: Sure.

Emil Bove: And so, if somebody makes a mistake at one point in the acquisition, that can affect the data, correct?

Douglas Daus: It could.

Emil Bove: And that is why, for example, you are in these Faraday rooms, right?

Douglas Daus: Uh-huh. That's correct.

Emil Bove: That's why you received a lot of training, right?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And there is at least, at least a risk that a prior acquisition and extraction could impact the data that you looked at in 2023, isn't there?

Douglas Daus: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And you didn't talk to the FBI about the methods they used, did you?

Douglas Daus: I did not.

Emil Bove: And as far as you know, nobody at this table did?

Douglas Daus: As far as I know.

Emil Bove: It's an open question?

Douglas Daus: That it is.

Juan Merchan: Is this a good time?

Emil Bove: Yes, Judge.

Juan Merchan: All right. Jurors, we are going to stop here. Call it a day. Before you leave, and before I give you the required admonitions, I did want you to know that it was brought to my attention that one of your fellow jurors has an important appointment tomorrow in the later afternoon so we will have to break a little bit early tomorrow, about a quarter to four.

Juan Merchan: I just want to let you know now so you can plan ahead. Jurors, I ask you to, please, not talk amongst yourselves or with anyone else about anything related to the case. Please continue to keep an open mind. Do not form or express an opinion about the defendant's guilt or innocence until all of the evidence is in and I have given you my final instructions on the law and you begin your deliberations.

Juan Merchan: Do not request, accept, agree to accept or discuss with any person the receipt or acceptance of any payment or benefit in return for supplying any information concerning this trial. Report directly to me any incident within your knowledge involving an attempt by any person to improperly influence you or any member of the jury.

Juan Merchan: Do not visit or view any of the locations discussed in the testimony. And do not use any program or electronic device to search for and view any location discussed in the testimony. Do not read, view or listen to any accounts or discussions of the case. That includes the reading or the listening to the reading of any transcripts of the trial or the reading of any posts on any court site.

Juan Merchan: Please do not communicate with anyone about the case by any means, including by telephone, text messages, email, or the internet. Again, do not attempt to research any fact, issue or law related to the case. And, please, do not Google or otherwise search for any information about the case or the law which applies to the case, or the people involved in the case.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Have a good night. And I will see you tomorrow.

Court Officer: All rise.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated. You may step down.

Juan Merchan: So as you just heard, one of the jurors has to leave a little bit early tomorrow. So we will break between a quarter to 4 and 4 o'clock. Whoever is at the podium, let me know if you are at a natural breaking point. Is there anything else that we need to go over?

Joshua Steinglass: No. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Defense?

Emil Bove: No.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Have a good night.

Note: [Matter adjourned to Friday, May 3rd, 2024 at 9:30 a.m.]