Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-testimony-new-york-business-records-hush-money-may-6-2024

Note: [Editor's note: The following transcript was provided by the New York State Unified Court System, available here: https://cqrc.al/ny-people-v-donald-j-trump. These documents were reprocessed by optical character recognition (OCR), reviewed, formatted and checked for errors by our internal A.I. systems, and reviewed by a human. However, please check against the PDFs before quoting. A searchable PDF incorporating the corrected text can be viewed or downloaded at: https://cqrc.al/trump-ny-trial-2024-05-06 for verification.]

Court Clerk: This is the People of the State of New York against Donald J. Trump, SMZ 71911/24. Appearances, starting with the People.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADAs Joshua Steinglass, Matthew Colangelo, Susan Hoffinger, Becky Mangold, Christopher Conroy, and Katherine Ellis. Good morning.

Emil Bove: Good morning. Emil Bove, joined by President Trump seated to my left, and joined by Todd Blanche, Susan Necheles, and Kendra Wharton.

Juan Merchan: Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Trump. So, the matter called into the record is the People's motion for contempt. Before I hand down my decision, I did want to address the Defense and Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump, as you know, the Prosecution has filed three separate motions asking this Court to find you in contempt.

Juan Merchan: In a moment, I am going to hand down my decision on the third motion, in which I find you in criminal contempt for the tenth time. It appears that the $1,000 fines are not serving as a deterrent, therefore, going forward, this Court will have to consider a jail sanction if recommended. Mr. Trump, it's important to understand that the last thing I want to do is to put you in jail.

Juan Merchan: You are the former President of the United States and possibly the next President, as well. There are many reasons why incarceration is truly a last resort for me. To take that step would be disruptive to these proceedings, which I imagine you want to end as quickly as possible. I also worry about the people who would have to execute that sanction: the court officers, the correction officers, the Secret Service detail, among others.

Juan Merchan: I worry about them and about what would go into executing such a sanction. Of course, I'm also aware of the broader implications of such a sanction. The magnitude of such a decision is not one-sided. But, at the end of the day, I have a job to do, and part of that job is to protect the dignity of the judicial system and compel respect.

Juan Merchan: Your continued violations of this Court's lawful Order threaten to interfere with the administration of justice in constant attacks which constitute a direct attack on the rule of law. I cannot allow that to continue. So, as much as I do not want to impose a jail sanction, and I have done everything I can to avoid doing so, I want you to understand that I will, if necessary and appropriate.

Juan Merchan: Do the attorneys have any other questions about that? I will now hand down the decision from the Court. This is for the Defense, and this is for the People.

Note: [Whereupon, the sergeant gives copies of the Court's decision to the parties.]

Juan Merchan: You can call the trial.

Court Clerk: This is People of the State of New York against Donald J. Trump, Indictment 71543/23. Case on trial continued.

Juan Merchan: Okay. I believe we finished up a witness on Friday. We're going to start with a fresh witness today. Is there anything we need to go over from either side before we get started?

Joshua Steinglass: Just that redactions instruction I ask you to give before we start.

Juan Merchan: You would ask me to do that first thing?

Joshua Steinglass: If you don't mind.

Juan Merchan: Not at all. I believe there was no objection from the Defense.

Emil Bove: Not at all.

Juan Merchan: I'll do that first thing.

Emil Bove: There are a number of exhibits we expect the People to offer through the next witness, who we expect to be Jeff McConney. We ask for an opportunity to express our objections outside the presence of the jury. It's very difficult. The People will hand Mr. McConney a thumb drive with a large number of exhibits contained on it. We prefer the Court to look at them one by one beforehand.

Juan Merchan: How many exhibits are we talking about?

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, the People intend to admit about 26 exhibits through Mr. McConney.

Juan Merchan: Why wasn't this brought to my attention sooner? I could have been looking at them over the weekend or this morning.

Emil Bove: I wish, also, we were notified sooner. The Government notified us of this yesterday afternoon, that Mr. McConney would be taking the stand, and the exhibits are over 90. I wish we knew that beforehand also, as well.

Juan Merchan: You said you would like to discuss this outside the presence of the jury. Are you asking to excuse the jury?

Emil Bove: I don't think it will take that long. My point is, rather than asking for a sidebar to be heard, we prefer to do it in open court.

Juan Merchan: What are the exhibits?

Matthew Colangelo: Let me identify them. Just to flag, we identified The Trump Organization exhibits for the Defense and asked them to identify for us any evidentiary objections they had about two weeks ago. On May 1st, they sent us an email identifying a number of exhibits -- a number of objections to certain exhibits. I'll identify them for you now.

Matthew Colangelo: But, I anticipate we'll only be getting to about eight or so exhibits today, many of -- where there are objections the parties need to discuss. Most of those objections, I understand, are about hearsay questions that I think would not be disruptive to handle at sidebar when it is introduced. There's at least one exhibit that was the subject of a Defense motion in limine to exclude.

Matthew Colangelo: That's the exhibit consisting of Mr. Weisselberg's handwritten notes on the Essential Consultants' bank statement. As your Honor held in the Defendant's motion in limine, the People are prepared to lay an appropriate business records foundation for that record today. Again, I think to the extent the Defense has any objection after that foundation is laid, we can also handle that at sidebar.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Emil Bove: Judge, I still don't even know what the exhibits are within that range of 90 exhibits. With respect to Mr. Weisselberg's notes, this witness, McConney, testified in the Grand Jury that notes were discarded when he found them to be of no further use. The idea that he would be handed a thumb drive and asked a series of general questions with respect to a broad category of types of documents and tick off yes answers to those questions is just not sufficient under these circumstances.

Emil Bove: We do have specific objections to some of these exhibits and --

Juan Merchan: I have no problem with the People handing up the thumb drive, laying a foundation with the thumb drive. Then, as each exhibit is being introduced -- not to the jury -- you can make your objection, and we'll deal with it.

Emil Bove: It's very hard for me to do that on the fly. I still don't know what the exhibits are.

Juan Merchan: How would it be any easier to do that outside the presence of the jury?

Emil Bove: Because the Government would identify which exhibits they're going to offer through the witness, and I can go through the list we sent them over the weekend of the objections.

Juan Merchan: You sent them a list?

Emil Bove: Yes.

Juan Merchan: So, you know the exhibits being introduced contained within that list.

Emil Bove: Yes. And I would like an opportunity to argue it before your Honor, so you can rule.

Juan Merchan: You can. We'll do it at sidebar.

Emil Bove: If there are 10 or 12 exhibits on this list, it's not tenable for me to do it in real-time with these things. Would it not be more orderly to go through it one by one?

Juan Merchan: I don't want to keep the jury waiting.

Emil Bove: It's not an issue I created. I just found out about the witness yesterday.

Juan Merchan: And when you found out about it yesterday, it's an issue I could have gone through yesterday and this morning. Now that the jury is here, we'll go through the witness and the exhibits, and you will be given an opportunity to make your objections one by one. But, I don't think there's a reason for the People to preclude the thumb drive.

Emil Bove: I'm not asking for a preclusion remedy. I'm asking for an opportunity to argue my objections.

Juan Merchan: You'll be given an opportunity to argue your objections.

Todd Blanche: Not for this witness. Before the next witness, we would like to be heard. We have an objection to the witness testifying.

Juan Merchan: It doesn't have to be now?

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I'll hear you then. Let's get the jury, please.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors are present and properly seated.]

Court Clerk: Do both sides stipulate that all jurors are present and properly seated?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, jurors. Welcome back. I hope you had a good weekend. Jurors, before we call our first witness of the day, I want to give you certain instructions. We have noted certain exhibits have been admitted into evidence, but some material is what we call "redacted". These redactions were made to remove personal identifying information and assure that only relevant admissible evidence is put before you.

Juan Merchan: You may not speculate as to what material has been redacted, and you may not draw any inference, either favorable or unfavorable to either party, with respect to certain information being redacted. You may call your witness.

Matthew Colangelo: The People call Jeffrey McConney.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [J-E-F-F-R-E-Y M-C-C-O-N-N-E-Y, having first been duly sworn and/or affirmed by the court clerk, was examined and testified as follows.]

Jeffrey McConney: Hi, your Honor.

Court Officer: State your full name, spelling your last name.

Jeffrey McConney: Jeffrey McConney. M-C-C-O-N-N-E-Y.

Court Officer: Your County of residence?

Jeffrey McConney: Manhattan County. New York County.

Juan Merchan: You may inquire.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Direct examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: Good morning, Mr. McConney.

Jeffrey McConney: Good morning, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Please describe your educational background.

Jeffrey McConney: Starting with college?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes.

Jeffrey McConney: I graduated Baruch College in 1978. While I was working [sic] in Baruch, I worked part-time for a real estate firm, Joseph Ratner Company. When I graduated, I went to work for an accounting firm, Spahr, Lacher, Berk & Naimer. From there, I was hired by The Trump Organization.

Matthew Colangelo: About what year were you hired by The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: 1987

Matthew Colangelo: Are you still working for The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm retired, happily.

Matthew Colangelo: When did you retire?

Jeffrey McConney: February of 2023.

Matthew Colangelo: What was your position when you first joined The Trump Organization in 1987?

Jeffrey McConney: I was Assistant Controller.

Matthew Colangelo: What was your position when you retired from The Trump Organization last year?

Jeffrey McConney: Senior Vice President, Controller.

Matthew Colangelo: How many years, in total, did you work for The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: It was a little short of 36, 37.

Matthew Colangelo: When you left The Trump Organization last year, did you sign a Separation Agreement?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And did that include separation payments?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: How were those payments paid?

Jeffrey McConney: They were quarterly payments, made at the end of every calendar quarter.

Matthew Colangelo: Are those payments now complete?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: While you were working at the Trump Organization, did you also do any outside work?

Jeffrey McConney: You mean outside the personal tax returns on my own? Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. Please describe that work.

Jeffrey McConney: I prepared personal tax returns, one or two tax returns, since the time I worked at Spahr, Lacher until now.

Matthew Colangelo: How many years did you do work as a tax preparer?

Jeffrey McConney: Almost 50.

Matthew Colangelo: Are you still preparing tax returns?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm trying to get my clients to work -- to answer your question, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Are you here today in response to a subpoena from the District Attorney's Office?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Are you represented by counsel here today?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Who is paying for your attorney?

Jeffrey McConney: The Trump Organization.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned "The Trump Organization" a few times this morning. What is The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: To me, there's two definitions. As an accountant, there are two legal entities, The Trump Organization Inc. and The Trump Organization LLC. So, that's legal entities. Most people refer to The Trump Organization as President Trump's global holding and ownership of various assets, license deals, intellectual property or whatever.

Matthew Colangelo: So, does the name "The Trump Organization" refer, collectively, to all of the different entities that Mr. Trump owns?

Jeffrey McConney: That's usually the way I refer to it.

Matthew Colangelo: During the time you worked for The Trump Organization, who ran the company?

Jeffrey McConney: President Trump.

Matthew Colangelo: And before 2017, what was Mr. Trump's role in The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm not sure. He was -- he ran the organization. He was the brains behind it. He -- I don't know how to answer that question.

Matthew Colangelo: When you worked there, did you consider Mr. Trump your boss?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Have you had any conversations with Mr. Trump since you retired from the Trump Organization last February?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned that The Trump Organization refers, collectively, to a number of different entities. How many entities are part of The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Before I retired -- I don't know what they've done since -- I believe it was over 500.

Matthew Colangelo: And can you describe the relationship between those entities and The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: That gets a little -- with The Trump Organization, you have to drop the "Org." because that's an entity. All those entities are owned, ultimately, now, by the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. I'll ask you about The Trust in a minute. For the entities that make up The Trump Organization, what kind of businesses are they in?

Jeffrey McConney: Golf courses, real estate, licensing deals, that's the bulk of the business types. Management company.

Matthew Colangelo: Before you retired, did you have a work email address?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was the domain name for your email address?

Jeffrey McConney: Trumporg.com.

Matthew Colangelo: Where was The Trump Organization headquartered before 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: 725 Fifth Avenue, in New York City.

Matthew Colangelo: Where was your office located?

Jeffrey McConney: 725 Fifth Avenue, New York City.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that also called Trump Tower?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You testified a minute ago that, legally, The Trump Organization itself doesn't hold any assets, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is there an entity that holds The Trump Organization's assets?

Jeffrey McConney: Well, each entity -- the way we set everything up is each asset was owned by a separate entity and, sometimes, multiple entities. So, Trump Tower would have been owned by an entity, Trump Commercial LLC, and may have had a few members in that entity. And -- does that answer your question?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes. Do all those entities roll up, ultimately, to -- I think you mentioned "The Trust" a minute ago. Do they all roll up to The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. That's the ultimate owner.

Matthew Colangelo: Who is the official owner, officially, of The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: President Trump.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display for the witness, the Court, and Counsel, a document marked for identification as People's 86.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the aforementioned parties' screens.]

Matthew Colangelo: Let me know if you see that on your screen, Mr. McConney.

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a summarized structure chart of the Donald Trump Revocable Trust and the ownership layers below it.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the first page of that chart refer to a number of attached schedules?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display Page 2, please.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the aforementioned parties' screens.]

Matthew Colangelo: Is this one of the schedules' records on the first page?

Jeffrey McConney: Yeah. That's the whole schedule, or part of, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date on the top right of that page?

Jeffrey McConney: As of January 20, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an opportunity to review all the of the pages in People's 86 before testifying today?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And what do the remaining pages include?

Jeffrey McConney: The pages lay out the ownership structure of which entity is owned by or owned another entity.

Matthew Colangelo: Who prepared this document?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't know who. I'm under the impression or the understanding that The Trump Organization Legal Department prepared this document.

Matthew Colangelo: And when did you first see it?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe sometime in early 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Was this document made in the regular and ordinary course of business?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, it was.

Matthew Colangelo: Was it the regular practice of The Trump Organization to prepare documents depicting the ownership structure of the entities that made up The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Was this document prepared at or about the time The Trump Organization entities were moved into The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Was the person or persons who prepared this document under a business duty to do so accurately?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 86 into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: People's 86 is accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the People's Exhibit is received in evidence.]

Matthew Colangelo: Please publish People's 86 in full.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go back to Page 1.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, can you read what it says across the top of this chart, please?

Jeffrey McConney: The very top line?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes, please.

Jeffrey McConney: "Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust."

Matthew Colangelo: What does it say below that?

Jeffrey McConney: Dated "April 7, 2014."

Matthew Colangelo: Does this chart depict The Trust ownership structure that you just described?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. Some of it, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does it show various holding companies that, themselves, hold various entities, which all make up The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And do they all roll up to The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You may have mentioned this a minute ago. The chart refers to a number of attached schedules. Are you familiar with those schedules?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please turn to Page 2.

Matthew Colangelo: What do those schedules show?

Jeffrey McConney: Usually, a description of what the entities below it or the relationship or ownership of what those entities have to another entity. In this case, DJT Management Holdings LLC owns a hundred percent of all the entities below it.

Matthew Colangelo: Do the remaining schedules in this show the 500 or so entities were owned by The Trust as of January of 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: When was The Trust itself created?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm not too sure. I think the first page said 2014, but I'm really not sure.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go back to the first page.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the top. Is that the date you're referring to?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you have an understanding based on that when The Trust was created?

Jeffrey McConney: We didn't use it in 2014 or '15, so I don't know if that's when it was set up. I'm not a lawyer. So, that's my guess, that it was set up in April of 2014.

Matthew Colangelo: In 2017, who were the Trustees of The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Donald J. Trump, Junior and Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: You testified a minute ago that your position when you retired from The Trump Organization was Senior Vice President and Controller, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: When did you first become the Controller?

Jeffrey McConney: Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen years ago? I don't remember the exact year.

Matthew Colangelo: Right before you were promoted to the position of Controller, who held that position at The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: And how did the position of the Controller become open?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen was promoted to CFO or Chief Financial Officer, and then I was promoted to Controller.

Matthew Colangelo: As Controller, who did you report to directly?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: How long was Mr. Weisselberg your supervisor?

Jeffrey McConney: From the day I was hired to the day he left.

Matthew Colangelo: More than three decades?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: How often did you interact with Mr. Weisselberg during the time he was the Chief Financial Officer?

Jeffrey McConney: Other than having lunch every day, um, whenever I needed to. His office was next to mine. If he needed to find me or if I needed to find him, I'd find him.

Matthew Colangelo: In the time period from 2015 to 2016, who did Mr. Weisselberg report to?

Jeffrey McConney: Prior to January 20th of 2017?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes.

Jeffrey McConney: Mister -- President Trump.

Matthew Colangelo: Did Mr. Weisselberg meet regularly with Mr. Trump on organizational matters?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm sure he met with him. I don't know if it was regularly or not.

Matthew Colangelo: What were your responsibilities as Controller?

Jeffrey McConney: I oversaw the 401k plan. I processed payroll. I interfaced with the accounting firm to make sure they had the necessary information to prepare financial statements, tax returns. I worked on loan documents, tried to make sure we adhered to the loan covenants, oversaw the Accounting Department at 725 Fifth Avenue.

Jeffrey McConney: There may be a few more things.

Matthew Colangelo: Did part of your responsibilities in overseeing the Accounting Department include overseeing the General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did those responsibilities also include overseeing Accounts Payable?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did those responsibilities also include overseeing expense payments?

Jeffrey McConney: Not really overseeing them. I mean, they really didn't go through me for processing. I know of them, but they were mainly handled by Accounts Payable directly.

Matthew Colangelo: And was Accounts Payable part of the Accounting Department?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And you oversaw the Accounting Department as a whole?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: In your role as Controller, and in the period from 2015 to 2017, were there employees that reported to you?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: How many?

Jeffrey McConney: Around ten.

Matthew Colangelo: Was one of those employees Deb Tarasoff?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was Ms. Tarasoff's role in the Accounting Department?

Jeffrey McConney: She was the Accounts Payable Supervisor.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you tell the jury what "accounts payable" means?

Jeffrey McConney: "Accounts payable" means when you or an entity owes somebody money.

Matthew Colangelo: Was Rebecca Manochio part of the staff of the Accounting Department?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is she one of the people who reported to you?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was Ms. Manochio's role?

Jeffrey McConney: Around that time, she was an Administrative Assistant. She moved up to the Accounts Receivable Department somewhere in the last few years. I don't remember exactly when.

Matthew Colangelo: What does "accounts receivable" mean?

Jeffrey McConney: "Accounts receivable" is the other side, when somebody owes you money.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned that one of your functions as Controller was overseeing the General Ledger, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is a General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: General -- there are two books of original entry in accounting. You have cash receipts, the money you receive, and cash disbursements, the money you spend. The General Ledger puts that information together. The information is posted by the General Ledger accounts' receipts, so you can see different types of expenses, payroll, gas, electric, how much you're spending at a different point in time.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the General Ledger keep track of all the interactions the General Ledger makes?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned the term "cash receipts". Does that include money coming in?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You also mentioned "cash disbursements". Does that mean money going out?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Through your role as Controller, were you familiar with the way The Trump Organization kept and maintained its General Ledgers?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does each entity that makes up The Trump Organization have its own General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: If an entity has a bank account, it has a General Ledger. There are a number of entities that we have that did not have a bank account, so they did not have a General Ledger. So, for argument sake, if we would set up an LLC, the LLC would pay for the transactions, so it would have a bank account. The Member Corp.

Jeffrey McConney: would be a one percent member or one-tenth percent member. We didn't feel it was a reason for it to have a bank account. Any expenses for that entity could be paid someplace else, so there was no reason to have a bank account or a Ledger.

Matthew Colangelo: For any entity that did have a bank account, it had a General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did The Trump Organization headquarters in Manhattan oversee the accounting for all the entities that make up The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Not all of them, no.

Matthew Colangelo: Which ones were excluded?

Jeffrey McConney: Basically, the golf courses and the hotels. They had their own accounting staff. We maintained and took care of all the other entities.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. So, everything except hotels and golf courses?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: As Controller, was it part of your job responsibility to make sure the General Ledger was accurate?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is the General Ledger computerized?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did The Trump Organization use a particular software program to maintain its General Ledgers?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was the name of that software program?

Jeffrey McConney: We called it MDS. I think it was short for Multi Data Services or Multi Data Systems. I'm not too sure of the correct name.

Matthew Colangelo: But, you called it MDS?

Jeffrey McConney: MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: Please explain, briefly, what MDS is.

Jeffrey McConney: MDS is a computer program where you can record your cash receipts, money that you received, your bills that you pay, your accounts payable cash disbursements, um, you can run various reports for cash receipts, cash disbursements, General Ledgers, trial balances, information that the accountants would need to prepare tax returns or financial statements.

Matthew Colangelo: How long did The Trump Organization use MDS as its computerized General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: That was one of my first jobs back in the '80's, to set up the accounting system. So, we used it from the day it was up and running, sometime in 1990 or '91. It was still in use when I left.

Matthew Colangelo: Who enters information into the General Ledger system?

Jeffrey McConney: Mainly, the Accounting Department.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that include the people we mentioned, Ms. Tarasoff, for example?

Jeffrey McConney: Right. Deb would enter bills to be paid.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you use MDS to generate reports?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What kind of reports can MDS generate?

Jeffrey McConney: There are standard reports you can run for Accounts Payable if you wanted to see how much -- how many bills you had that weren't paid. If you wanted to see, um, what vendors -- that doesn't make sense. On cash receipts, we can run multi-cash reports, tenant ledgers, rent rolls. There's a variety of reports that you can run.

Jeffrey McConney: You can also computerize -- I'm sorry -- customize your own reports.

Matthew Colangelo: Could you customize a report to show only certain kinds of expenses from one account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you run reports from the General Ledger for tax purposes?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Describe that, please.

Jeffrey McConney: The accounting firm would -- at the beginning of the year, would start giving us a list of entities that they wanted trial balance or General Ledgers for. We would run the entire General Ledger and trial balance and send it to them. That's things we did for all '17. Yeah.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the Accounting Department maintain the General Ledger for the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that General Ledger managed using MDS?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the accounting staff or Accounting Department also maintain bank accounts for The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What does that entail?

Jeffrey McConney: When a bank statement comes in at the end of the month, we reconcile the bank statement. If a deposit comes in cash received, we received money from an entity or person that owes The Trust money, we record it in cash receipts. If a bill is paid, some charged bill, real estate tax bill, that's paid out of The Trust, that's also recorded in the electronic system.

Matthew Colangelo: How long has the Accounting Department had bank accounts for The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: That program was written sometime, I believe, in the '90's or whenever that program was written, from that point forward. So, we maintained -- within Multi Data from that point forward, we always maintained bank accounts once we opened them.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the Accounting Department maintain General Ledgers for Mr. Trump's personal accounts?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that account have a particular account code?

Jeffrey McConney: It has a company code, which is an abbreviation used in order to find information or process information. The code is "DJT".

Matthew Colangelo: When you say "company code" of "DJT", can you describe what that means?

Jeffrey McConney: You have your five or six-digit code in the system you're allowed to use. So, if you want to prohibit a cash disbursement or a list of payments, you have to pick a company. Instead of writing "Donald J. Trump", you would just write in "DJT" and "Company". It would access information. It separated each entity by itself.

Jeffrey McConney: It was just a short abbreviation for the entity name.

Matthew Colangelo: So, each entity had its own code, and the code for Mr. Trump's account was "DJT", is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: For his personal account, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the accounting staff maintain the General Ledger for the DJT account using MDS?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did the accounting staff also maintain the books and records for Mr. Trump's bank accounts?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that include any checking accounts?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: In the 2017 time period, did Mr. Trump use a Capital One checking account as his main operating account?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Was the Accounting Department also responsible for making sure that all of the entities that are part of The Trump Organization had sufficient cash available for them?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you describe that cash management process, please?

Jeffrey McConney: We had -- over time -- I had this position years ago. Different people had it over time. Once a week, on a set day, we would run reports on Multi Data to see what our cash balance was. We would receive reports from the outside properties, the golf courses and the hotels, to see what their cash balance was, and they would do a projection for us of how much they needed for the week and how much they expected to receive for the week.

Jeffrey McConney: Someone would put this together and see if an entity had money to spend or excess money to distribute. For example, if a rental property like Trump Tower had rental receipts that could distribute money to the owner, and if there was another project going on at the golf course, we could then fund that entity.

Matthew Colangelo: How often did the Accounting Department, sort of, prepare that cash acquisition analysis?

Jeffrey McConney: This was done on a weekly basis.

Matthew Colangelo: So, if an entity had excess funds to distribute, where would it be distributed to?

Jeffrey McConney: It would be distributed to the owner.

Matthew Colangelo: With the owner, here, being the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Prior to June 20th, it was the Donald J. Trump personal account. After June 20th, it should have been the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: When you say "June 20th", do you mean January 20th?

Jeffrey McConney: Sorry. January 20, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: If an entity needed money before January 20, 2017, were funds transferred to that entity from the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: After January 20, 2017, were those funds transferred to or from The Revocable Trust account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned that at one point in time you were responsible for preparing the -- the cash acquisition analysis?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have any interactions with Mr. Trump about the cash acquisition analysis?

Jeffrey McConney: I would hand-deliver the report to him once a week.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have any particular interactions with him when giving him the report at any point in time?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you describe that for the jury, please?

Jeffrey McConney: Early on, I think I was employed for about a year, President Trump was on the phone. I walked into his office, dropped a report on his desk, turned around. And he said, "Jeff, hold on a minute" -- sorry. He said to who he was talking to, the person on the phone, "Hold on a minute," and turned around and said, "Jeff, you're fired," and started talking to the person on the phone again.

Jeffrey McConney: I stood there until he got off the phone call. And he said, "You're not fired, but my cash balances went down from last week." He said, "I know you negotiated this." He said, "Now focus on my bills." It was a teaching moment. Just because somebody is asking for money, negotiate with them, talk to them. Just don't do it mindlessly.

Jeffrey McConney: Think before you do it.

Matthew Colangelo: Are you familiar with a process by which The Trump Organization accounting staff cuts checks?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Describe that process, generally, please.

Jeffrey McConney: An approved invoice is received. Deb would stamp it with her stamp. She would put a code on it. I believe she puts a dollar amount on the voucher, or when she puts it in the system, it creates a voucher. She would put a voucher number on it. So, the voucher is in the Multi Data System. When she was ready to pay it, she would select a voucher, and we would print the check on the checks that we had.

Jeffrey McConney: She would attach a check to the invoice and give it to the person who's the signatory on the account, the check would be signed, and then she mailed them out.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned someone named "Deb". Is that Deb Tarasoff you mentioned before?

Jeffrey McConney: Deb Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: As a matter of course, did The Trump Organization ever cut a check if no invoice was submitted?

Jeffrey McConney: Of course not.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that true from checks cut from The Trust account?

Jeffrey McConney: Usually, we tried to get an invoice for any wire transfer check.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned that Ms. Tarasoff, generally, handled that process. Is that because she is the Accounts Payable Supervisor?

Jeffrey McConney: She is the Accounts Payable Department.

Matthew Colangelo: She is the Department?

Jeffrey McConney: As of this point and when I left, she was the only one left in Accounts Payable.

Matthew Colangelo: Must an invoice be approved before a check is cut?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Who has authority to approve invoices?

Jeffrey McConney: President Trump when -- before he became President. Allen Weisselberg. Donald Trump, Junior. Eric Trump. When Ivanka Trump was working for us, Ivanka Trump. Allen Weisselberg. Matthew Calamari. Those were the general approvers.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have authority to approve any invoices?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: In the instances when you were going to Mr. Weisselberg to pay, how did you request approval?

Jeffrey McConney: When I had a piece of paper -- I'm an old-timer, I like pieces of paper -- I would bring it to Allen Weisselberg, ask him to approve it. If it came via email, I would forward the email and ask him to approve it.

Matthew Colangelo: If you sent him an email for approval, did he sometimes send approval via email?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Sometime in 2016 and 2017, if a check was approved and checks were cut, who had check signature authority from the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: The personal account, just President Trump.

Matthew Colangelo: In 2017, who had signature authority on The Trust accounts?

Jeffrey McConney: The Trust account, I believe, was Eric Trump, Donald Trump, Junior, and Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: For checks that were cut from The Trust account, how many signatures were required per check?

Jeffrey McConney: There were two different situations. Checks less than $10,000 could be signed by any of the three signatories. Checks over $10,000 had to be signed by two signatories.

Matthew Colangelo: Did the Accounting Department also handle expense reimbursements?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Are you familiar with the process by which Trump Organization employees can be reimbursed for expenses they incurred on behalf of The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please describe that process.

Jeffrey McConney: If they did their expenses, there was an Expense Report they would have to complete, which would entail the employee's name, the entity that the expense was incurred on behalf of, the date of the invoice, the vendor's name, the dollar amount -- um. They would total off the amount. They would sign the Expense Sheet and get their supervisor to approve it. Once it was approved, it was sent to Deb for payment.

Jeffrey McConney: Sorry. Deb Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: If an employee receives an expense reimbursement from The Trump Organization, is the employee required to report that reimbursement as taxable income on their tax return?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: So, if an employee paid out a hundred dollars for a Trump Organization expense, how much would that employee get as a reimbursement?

Jeffrey McConney: One hundred dollars.

Matthew Colangelo: Generally speaking, if a lawyer receives payment for legal services rendered, is that taxable income for the attorney?

Jeffrey McConney: An outside attorney or a Trump Organization attorney?

Matthew Colangelo: An outside attorney.

Jeffrey McConney: An outside attorney, I would assume so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me hand up a thumb drive containing what has been marked for identification as People's 35, 36, 37A to K, 39, 40, 43, 44, 45, 48, 49, 54, 55, 81, and 93.

Matthew Colangelo: Have you had an opportunity to review the documents contained on that thumb drive?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: How do you know?

Jeffrey McConney: My scribble is on the thumb -- my initial and today's date.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you look at that thumb drive earlier day?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. Very early today.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you look at all the files on the thumb drive?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: You signed and dated it after you reviewed it?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do the exhibits on this thumb drive include reports from the General Ledger for the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do exhibits on this thumb drive include reports for the General Ledger for The Trust accounts?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do these exhibits include emails, including invoices approved for payment?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do these exhibits include notes regarding payments?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do these exhibits include Form 1099's?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does The Trump Organization keep records relating to the checks it cuts?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that include records for checks cut from the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: If I refer to that as "The Trust account" going forward, will you know I mean the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that include records for the checks cut from the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do those records include invoices?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do those include entries for the General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you explain?

Jeffrey McConney: We don't print out the General Ledger, so we have -- I'll try to describe it. When you print a check, the record for that check and the information that you put in is in Multi Data. You can access it at any time. You can print it at any time. But, we don't print out that General Ledger for every single check we cut.

Jeffrey McConney: So, we have a copy of the check or the original check and the invoices behind it. We then scan it and try to attach it to the document in Multi Data. So, we don't really have the General Ledger attached when we sign the check. I don't know if I'm off-topic or not.

Matthew Colangelo: Setting aside whether you maintain the General Ledger entries as part of the checks cut, does The Trump Organization separately maintain records of entries that are made in the General Ledger?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: With respect to the records we just discussed, invoices, entries in the General Ledger, and checks, was it the business practice of The Trump Organization to make and keep those records?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And was it the business practice of The Trump Organization to make and keep notes regarding payments it made?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were those records made and kept in the regular and ordinary course of business?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were those records made at the time of the transactions they reflected or within a reasonable time thereafter?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Was the person who made or kept those records under a business duty to do so accurately?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does The Trump Organization have an email system that allows you to send and receive messages?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that email system record the dates and times that those messages were sent and received in?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is it part of The Trump Organization's business practice to make and keep records of email messages sent and received?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Are those records kept in the regular and ordinary course of business?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the email system keep records of those messages at the same time they're sent?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Are business decisions sometimes made by email?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Have you previously communicated with Michael Cohen using The Trump Organization's email system?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was your Trump Organization email address in the 2017 time period?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe it was jmcconney@Trumporg.com.

Matthew Colangelo: In communicating with Mr. Cohen, using your Trump Organization email account, did you ever email him at a Gmail account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you communicate with Allen Weisselberg using The Trump Organization's email system?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: In the 2017 time period, was Mr. Weisselberg's email address weisselberg@Trumporg.com?

Matthew Colangelo: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you communicate with Deborah Tarasoff using Trump Organization email?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: In the 2017 time period, was her email address dtarasoff@Trumporg.com?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were records of those communications stored in The Trump Organization's email system?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer into evidence the following exhibits: People's 37A to K, 39, 40, 43, 44, 45, 48, 49, 54 and 55.

Emil Bove: Your Honor, we object to 37A through K, 45, 54, 55. I think there were other documents on that thumb drive that have not yet been offered, and we'll wait for those.

Juan Merchan: So, you're not objecting to 39, 40, 43, 44, 48 and 49?

Emil Bove: Correct, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Those are received into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the aforementioned People's Exhibits are received in evidence.]

Juan Merchan: As far as 37A through K, 45, 54 and 55, I find that the People have laid the business records foundation. But, you reserve the right to object individually to these as we come across them.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Matthew Colangelo: Are you familiar with someone named Michael Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: How do you know Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Michael was employed by The Trump Organization for a number of years. I've had conversations with him by the coffee -- coffee machine.

Matthew Colangelo: How many years did you work together?

Jeffrey McConney: I was there as long as he was. So, I don't remember how long he was there. Five years, ten years.

Matthew Colangelo: When did he leave The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: January 27th -- well, I don't know when he left The Trump Organization. The last day he was paid through was January 27, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: What was his position in The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: He said he was a lawyer.

Matthew Colangelo: Did he work in the Legal Department?

Jeffrey McConney: I guess so.

Matthew Colangelo: Directing your attention to the time period around January 2017, did you become aware that Mr. Cohen needed to be reimbursed for money he was owed?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: How did you first become aware?

Jeffrey McConney: I had a conversation with Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: When did you have those conversations -- that conversation?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't remember specifically. Sometime in January 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Was anyone else present when you discussed this with Mr. Weisselberg?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't think so. I don't remember.

Matthew Colangelo: Please describe the conversation that you had.

Jeffrey McConney: Allen said we had to get some money to Michael, reimburse Michael. He tossed a pad towards me, and I started taking notes on what Allen said. That's how I found out about it.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. Tell us a little bit more about what Mr. Weisselberg said about the money that had to get paid to Mr. Cohen.

Jeffrey McConney: Well, there were two parts of the conversation. One reason I remember the January 27th date is I used to do payroll. Michael's last day was supposed to be January 20th, and we changed it to January 27th. I needed to know that so I would stop paying him at a certain point in time. There was also information -- he had a complaint about his prior year bonus, so he wanted to get paid for that.

Jeffrey McConney: And then there was some other money he was owed. So, we just added everything up and came up with the amount we would have had to pay him.

Matthew Colangelo: You said in one conversation Mr. Weisselberg described these and asked you to take care of it?

Jeffrey McConney: It was one continuous conversation. One conversation.

Matthew Colangelo: And in that conversation, did Mr. Weisselberg also give you a bank statement with notes on it?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't think it was at that time. I got it at a later time.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. Can you please describe the later time when you got the bank statement?

Jeffrey McConney: Um, Allen gave me the bank statement and said, "Just keep it in the files."

Matthew Colangelo: Can we display People's Exhibit 35 from the thumb drive for the witness, the Court, and the parties only.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens of the aforementioned parties.]

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, I'm now showing you a document that's been marked People's 35. Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: This is the bank statement that Allen gave me to put in the files.

Matthew Colangelo: Is there handwriting on this document?

Jeffrey McConney: There are two sets of handwriting on the bottom of the document.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize the handwriting?

Jeffrey McConney: I recognize the handwriting on the left side of the page, but not the right side of the page.

Matthew Colangelo: Whose handwriting do you recognize on the left side of the page?

Jeffrey McConney: That belongs to Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: How do you recognize his handwriting?

Jeffrey McConney: I -- I've read his handwriting for about 35 years.

Matthew Colangelo: Did Mr. Weisselberg sometimes take and keep notes that recorded financial decisions?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: A minute ago, you said Mr. Weisselberg gave you a bank statement when you were discussing the payments to Mr. Cohen, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: He gave it to me related to the payments. I don't remember exactly when he gave it to me. I took my notes at a later date. He gave me this bank statement.

Matthew Colangelo: By "this bank statement", you're referring to the one being displayed right now, People's 35?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this a true and exact copy of the same piece of paper Mr. Weisselberg gave you in connection with those discussions?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Without describing the details, does Mr. Weisselberg's handwriting set out various calculations that reflect the total amount to be repaid in monthly intervals?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I think you said this a minute ago. Did Mr. Weisselberg direct you to keep this document in the files?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you keep it in the files?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Where did you keep it?

Jeffrey McConney: I kept it in a payroll book I had in a locked draw in my office. I actually had this document and another document stapled together in a book.

Matthew Colangelo: In a book in a locked drawer in your office?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we display People's 36 for identification only to the People, the witness, the Court, and the parties.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is shown on the screens of the aforementioned parties.]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you have People's 36?

Jeffrey McConney: It's the one with my chicken scratch on a Trump pad. Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Are these the notes you just described taking during the conversation that you had with Mr. Weisselberg?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: This is your handwriting?

Jeffrey McConney: That's my handwriting.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you take these notes as Mr. Weisselberg was speaking to you?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this a true and accurate copy of what you wrote down?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did Mr. Weisselberg tell you to write it down?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. He kind of threw the pad at me and said, "Take this down."

Matthew Colangelo: Did you sometimes take and keep notes to record financial decisions?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Without giving any details yet, do these notes also set out various calculations that reflect a total amount to be repaid at monthly intervals?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you keep this document in the files, as well?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. This was the document that was stapled to the next statement, the bank statement we just looked at.

Matthew Colangelo: People's 35 and 36 were stapled together?

Jeffrey McConney: 35 -- I'll take your word it's 35 and 36, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Withdrawn. Your notes and Mr. Weisselberg's notes on the bank statement were stapled together, kept in the payroll book in the locked drawer in your office?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Was it the business practice of The Trump Organization to make and keep records of financial obligations to be paid from the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And the two documents we just looked at, were they made and kept as part of your regular course of business?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were these documents made at or about the time of the conversations they record?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were you and Mr. Weisselberg under a business duty to keep accurate records?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 35 and People's 36 into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: People's 35 and 36 are accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, the aforementioned People's Exhibits are received in evidence.]

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display People's 35 for everyone, please.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, let me direct your attention to the top left-hand corner of the document. What is the title of the document?

Jeffrey McConney: "Account Statement."

Matthew Colangelo: What does it say directly underneath that?

Jeffrey McConney: "Simplified Business Checking."

Matthew Colangelo: In the top right corner, does it indicate anything about the financial institution?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What does it say?

Jeffrey McConney: "First Republic Bank."

Matthew Colangelo: What is the name on the bank account?

Jeffrey McConney: "Essential Consultants LLC. Care of Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Directing your attention now about halfway down the page, to the section that reads "Account Summary." Can you read the amount that is listed next to total withdrawals and debits?

Jeffrey McConney: $130,035.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention lower down the page, to the section that reads "Account Activity." Can you read the transaction just below "withdrawals and debits"?

Jeffrey McConney: The first one was the date of "October 27th. Domestic wire funds-debit. Keith M. Davidson Associates PLC."

Matthew Colangelo: What's the amount?

Jeffrey McConney: $130,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Now, let me direct your attention to the handwriting on the bottom left of the page. Do you recognize that handwriting?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. That's Allen Weisselberg's handwriting.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you please read what Mr. Weisselberg wrote on the bank statement?

Jeffrey McConney: Starts at the top. "$180,000." It's underlined. "Grossed up to $360,000. Add additional bonus, $60,000." The two amounts are added together for "$420,000". Then he divides it by -- that's at 12, which equals off to the right, that's "$35,000 per/month effective 2/1/17."

Matthew Colangelo: So, I would like to make sure the jury understands each of the numbers in that equation, starting with the $180,000 figure. Where does the $180,000 figure in Mr. Weisselberg's notes come from?

Jeffrey McConney: If you pull out and scroll up to the right. It's a combination of two amounts.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we show the entire bottom part of this document?

Jeffrey McConney: So, it's a total of the domestic wire transfer for $130,000, plus the $50,000 paid to Red Finch for tech services.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky relieves Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: So does the $180,000 amount reflect the total amount owed to Michael Cohen on his request for reimbursement for the $130,000 to Keith Davidson and $50,000 to Red Finch?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. Weisselberg's notes then say "Grossed up to $360,000," right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What does "grossed up" mean?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't know exactly what it meant, but he probably meant -- so for tax purposes, if Michael recorded $360,000 income he would net, assuming a 50 percent tax rate, $180,000.

Emil Bove: Objection. Move to strike the last part of that.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Matthew Colangelo: So you are familiar with the concept of grossing up to offset taxes?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You worked as a tax preparer -- you have worked as a tax preparer, I think you said, for five decades?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Have you prepared individual tax returns for individual City residents?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you have an understanding of whether some New York City residents are taxed approximately 50 percent on their income?

Jeffrey McConney: Between Federal taxes, State taxes -- New York State taxes and New York City taxes, that's about right.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you know where Michael Cohen lived in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Where did he live?

Jeffrey McConney: Do you want the address?

Matthew Colangelo: No. I'm sorry --

Jeffrey McConney: In New York City.

Matthew Colangelo: I'm sorry. Did he live in New York City?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you. Going back to the line in Mr. Weisselberg's handwritten notes that reads: "Grossed up attorney $360,000." I think you said this, but is that double $180,000?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Moving to the next line in Mr. Weisselberg's notes. You testified a minute ago that this reads: "Additional bonus $60,000," right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you discuss this additional bonus with Mr. Weisselberg?

Jeffrey McConney: No. On my sheet I wrote down $50,000, which is incorrect, but I just, whatever, that's what Allen told me. I didn't really discuss it with him.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an understanding that the payment was to include an additional bonus?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. Michael was complaining that he -- his bonus wasn't large enough for the prior year so this was, I guess, to make up for whatever he thought he was owed.

Matthew Colangelo: And did those amounts then total $420,000?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And you said Mr. Weisselberg's notes then show that total being divided by 12 to equal $35,000 per month, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did he explain to you what that meant?

Jeffrey McConney: That was just math.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an understanding as to how the payments were going to be made?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was that understanding?

Jeffrey McConney: At that point in time, we were going to send a wire transfer to Michael for $35,000 per month, starting February 1st of 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned a few times that you took notes during a conversation you had with Mr. Weisselberg about these repayments, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display People's 36 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Starting at the top of this document. What is this?

Jeffrey McConney: This is the notes I was taking when Allen was talking to me and explaining to me what we owed Michael and how we were going to pay him.

Matthew Colangelo: And what is this piece of paper that you were writing on?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm not sure I understand your question. It was a note pad.

Matthew Colangelo: That answers my question.

Jeffrey McConney: Okay.

Matthew Colangelo: And did you -- can you describe to the jury the circumstances when you wrote down these notes?

Jeffrey McConney: This was during the first meeting that -- when I found out that we owed Michael money. Me and Allen -- Allen threw a pad on the desk and said "just take notes." And Allen started rattling off stuff, some of which I wrote directly, some of which I did not.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you please read out loud the handwritten text starting at the top?

Jeffrey McConney: The top starts with, "Michael Cohen. Pay through January 20th, 2017." That was the original line. The 20th was crossed out and replaced by 27th, which would be the day I took him off, or the last day I would pay him through. Then it says, "bonus 50,000. Then 180,000. 180,000 times two for taxes." The original number I had was just the 50,000 and the 180, and that's where the 230 comes from.

Jeffrey McConney: The 230 is crossed out. And then I -- when I add the second 180,000, I come up with a total of 410,000. Then he said, "Use 420," because I was possibly rattling the numbers back to Allen and he said: "No, no, the number is 420." Instead of figuring out what I did write, I wrote "420." So I used 420 and I divided it by 12 -- by 12 so that's 35,000 per month effective 2/1/17, which was 2017. We were to wire the funds monthly from Mr. Trump's -- President Trump's personal account, which was used to wire money from DJT.

Jeffrey McConney: And underneath that, "Start 35,000 per month January 2017, Mike to invoice us."

Matthew Colangelo: So did these notes refer to the same reimbursement as the handwritten notes on the First Republic Bank statement that we just discussed?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What does "pay through January 20th" -- which you started to say changed to "through January 27th" -- what does that mean?

Jeffrey McConney: January 27th, I'm assuming, was the end of a payroll week. So that's when I was originally told to take Michael off payroll, that one was changed to January 27th, so that's the last day he was to be paid.

Matthew Colangelo: And that's the last day he was paid as an employee of the Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. I'm sorry. As an employee, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And below that, you said the next line down reads "Bonus $50,000," right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And Mr. Weisselberg's notes said the additional bonus was $60,000, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What accounts for the difference?

Jeffrey McConney: [Laughter] I made a Boo-Boo. I just -- I would -- it was a fast conversation. I just scribbled down notes and that's the number that I wrote down.

Matthew Colangelo: But the actual bonus amount was $60,000, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Right. That's why the correction was -- when I went -- when I had totaled to the $410,000, my bonus number was incorrect. That's when Allen said "Use the 420,000." And I went back to correct the $50,000 to $60,000.

Matthew Colangelo: The next line down in your handwritten notes reads $180,000, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that the same $180,000 reflected in Mr. Weisselberg's handwritten notes?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And does that make up the $130,000 made to Keith Davidson and the $50,000 paid to Red Finch?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the next line down, which reads "180,000 times two for taxes," correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What does "times two for taxes" refer to?

Jeffrey McConney: That was Allen just talking to me, telling me what he wanted to do, he wanted to double the 180,000 for taxes, so I just wrote the "times two for taxes."

Matthew Colangelo: And you told me before that if a Trump Organization employee submitted an invoice for an expense reimbursement for one hundred dollars, that employee would typically expect to get one hundred dollars back, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And in this case, Mr Cohen was receiving $360,000 dollars back on a $180,000 expense?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm sorry. Ask me that again?

Matthew Colangelo: Does that show that Mr. Cohen was receiving $360,000 back on a $180,000 expense?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were you aware of another expense reimbursement where a payment was doubled for taxes?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Your notes then go on to add up the totals and sum them up to $410,000, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And you then wrote, "Use 420," right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you please explain that again?

Jeffrey McConney: That's when I told Allen what I came up with, he said, no, "Use 420."

Matthew Colangelo: And do you understand that to be the sum of those figures using the correct amount for the bonus?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the part of your notes where you wrote, "Wire monthly from DJT."

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is the "DJT" a reference to?

Jeffrey McConney: That was a reference to President Trump's personal bank account.

Matthew Colangelo: And that was the MDS Code for Mr. Trump's personal account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the part of the note that reads: "Mike to invoice us." Is "Mike," Michael Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And what did you understand "Mike to invoice us" to mean?

Jeffrey McConney: If Michael wanted to get paid, he had to send us an invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: And is that, based on the processes we discussed, was that typical that someone would have to invoice the Trump Organization for any expense reimbursement?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: After the discussions -- the conversations you had with Mr. Weisselberg that we spoke about, did there come a time that you were in touch directly with Mr. Cohen about processing the payments?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Display People's 39 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this message?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from -- to Michael Cohen from me just reminding us to get us invoices or an invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: What is the date on the message that you sent?

Jeffrey McConney: February 6th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Was this shortly after your conversation with Mr. Weisselberg in January 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is the subject line on the email from you to Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: It was two dollar signs.

Matthew Colangelo: Please read your message to Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: "Mike, just a reminder to get me the invoice you spoke to Allen" -- meaning Allen Weisselberg about -- "that you spoke to Allen about."

Matthew Colangelo: What were the invoices that you were referring to in this email message?

Jeffrey McConney: Going back to my handwritten notes, I was expecting invoices. Allen probably called me and said get the invoices from Michael. So I sent Michael an email to send us the invoices or at least an invoice for that month.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we display just for the witness, the Court, and counsel, People's 37 A.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this message?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What do you recognize it to be?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email -- well, it is a series of emails. Starting on the bottom from -- to Allen Weisselberg from myself, and then Allen Weisselberg replies to it. And then I forward an email or send an email to Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: And this was one of the emails that we talked about that was on the thumb drive that you reviewed, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, I offer 37A into evidence.

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Juan Merchan: Yes, Mr. Bove?

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge. This is an email that we would present as an example of the embedded hearsay issue. And there are a couple of messages from Cohen on this thread that we object to coming in on the business records foundation. There has to be some other basis for their admissibility. To the extent they're not being offered for their truth, we would ask for a limiting instruction that makes that clear to the jury.

Emil Bove: And so, I am specifically referring to the Cohen email at 7:59 a.m. And then the email invoice that he sends at 11:58 a.m. Those are factual assertions by Mr. Cohen.

Juan Merchan: Can you read it to me? Can you read to me what you believe the embedded hearsay is?

Emil Bove: Yes. The 7:59 a.m. email of -- this is an email from Mr. Cohen to the witness. It says: "Jeff, sorry for the delay. And thank you for the reminder. Please have the monthly checks for January and February made payable to Michael D. Cohen, Esquire." And the address is redacted. And then there is a salutation in that email.

Emil Bove: And that's one of the factual assertions.

Juan Merchan: And the other one?

Emil Bove: And the second one, if I could just show it to your Honor.

Emil Bove: This is the 11:58 a.m. email, and it's an exhibit which is an invoice that Cohen sends to Mr. McConney. And our objection is that this is not a business record. It's not a Trump Organization business record, at most it's a business record of Mr. Cohen. We assume it's coming in and not being offered for its truth, and we would ask for a limiting instruction that it's being admitted not for its truth.

Matthew Colangelo: So, your Honor, as to a second one, this is the evidence of the actual business transaction. And among other things, Mr. Cohen is a coconspirator. We have already laid that foundation. So he -- setting aside that this is past business records that Mr. McConney laid the foundation for, receiving of the invoices by email and incorporating it into The Trump Organization and relying on them for Trump Organization business makes them admissible.

Matthew Colangelo: So this is admissible both as under the business records exception and the coconspirator exception.

Juan Merchan: And you are not asking for any limiting instruction?

Matthew Colangelo: No, your Honor. I don't think any limited instruction is appropriate.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, as to the 7:59 a.m. email, you know, I would make the same argument. There is an initial request for payment. Mr. Cohen, you can tell from email context, was responding to Mr. McConney's request for an invoice. Mr. McConney will testify that he then followed up to say that that wasn't enough for an invoice, but it was part of the process for requesting and accepting/receiving payment.

Juan Merchan: Unlike the situation that came up previously where the People were offering certain emails into evidence as business records -- oh, actually, I think there was an exception. In any event, I find that these are business records. They are coconspirator statements. Even though this is an invoice from Mr. Cohen, it's part of the business records that are being kept by the Trump Organization.

Juan Merchan: So your objection is overruled.

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge.

Juan Merchan: The objection is noted and overruled. These exhibits are accepted into evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Please publish Exhibit 37A.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And let's go to the first exhibit.

Note: [Displayed]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, do you recognize this message?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I want to ask you a few questions about it, but first let me ask: Have you ever seen an email message printed out like this before with a series of messages one after the other?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you have an understanding that messages may appear in reverse chronological order, with the most recent message on the top or on the first page and the older message following or below the first messages?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the bottom of Page 3, going onto the top of Page 4.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And if we could have that displayed and zoomed in, if that's possible. Thank you.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you read that message, please?

Jeffrey McConney: "Just a reminder to get me the invoice you spoke to Allen about. Thanks, Jeff."

Matthew Colangelo: Does that appear to be the same message that we just discussed where you e-mailed Mr. Cohen on February 6th?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Looking just above that message. What does the next message show?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Michael: "Jeff, sorry for the delay and thank you for the reminder. Please have the monthly checks for January and February made payable to Michael D. Cohen, Esquire, and sent to.... hope you are well and see you soon."

Matthew Colangelo: And directing your attention to the next message just above that. Can you read out loud your response to Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: "Mike, please send me invoices so" -- I'm sorry. "Please send me invoices so I can have the checks cut."

Matthew Colangelo: Why did you ask him for invoices?

Jeffrey McConney: I need an invoice to get a check cut or wire released.

Matthew Colangelo: So the email he had sent you in response to your first message, that was not sufficient for you to cut a check?

Jeffrey McConney: No. A lot of people ask for money. I need an invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: [Laughter] Okay. Let's take a look at the next message in the chain. And can you read his response, please?

Jeffrey McConney: "Jeff, please remind me of the monthly amount?"

Matthew Colangelo: And let's look at the next message. Your response?

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: "$35,000 per month."

Matthew Colangelo: And when did you send that message?

Jeffrey McConney: February 14th at 10:34 a.m.

Matthew Colangelo: And how did Mr. Cohen respond to that message?

Jeffrey McConney: He typed an invoice into his response email, which was basically an email from Michael D. Cohen, Esquire, dated February 14th. Do you want me to read the whole thing or?

Matthew Colangelo: Please do.

Jeffrey McConney: Dated February 14th, 2017. It says: "Invoice." It's addressed to "Allen Weisselberg, care of Donald J. Trump, 725 Fifth Avenue, New York New York 10022. Dear Allen, pursuant to the retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the months of January and February, 2017. January 2017, $35,000. February 2017, $35,000. Thank you.

Jeffrey McConney: Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Did you consider this sufficient to serve as an invoice to process these payments?

Jeffrey McConney: As long as it got approved, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you ever see a Retainer Agreement?

Jeffrey McConney: I did not.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go to the first page of this exhibit. And can you tell us what happened next in this series of communications.

Jeffrey McConney: This is the page after the one we just looked at?

Matthew Colangelo: Correct.

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, February 14th. I sent an email to Allen Weisselberg on February 14th at 12:02 p.m. "Allen, please approve the below invoice for payment. Thanks, Jeff."

Matthew Colangelo: And let me direct your attention to the next message, right above that one. How did Mr. Weisselberg respond?

Jeffrey McConney: Okay. "Okay to pay as per agreement with Don and Eric."

Matthew Colangelo: Who did you understand "Don" to refer to?

Jeffrey McConney: Donald J. Trump, Jr.

Matthew Colangelo: And who did you understand "Eric" to refer to?

Jeffrey McConney: Eric Trump.

Matthew Colangelo: I think you testified earlier, were Don and Eric the trustees of the Trust at the time?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And were Don and Eric both approved signers for checks of the Trust at the time?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was their role in approving invoices at the time?

Jeffrey McConney: They owned the company. They could approve any invoice they wanted to. I'm sorry, they didn't own the company, they were running the company. They were entitled or were allowed to approve any invoice they wanted.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you send this invoice to the Legal Department?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Was it typical for the Legal Department to review requests for legal payment?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the top message in the chain.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Can you tell me what that is?

Jeffrey McConney: I forward Allen's -- well, did we go through Allen's approval? Yes. I forwarded Allen's approval on the other email to Deb Tarasoff, accounts payable, and asked: "Please pay from the Trust" -- meaning Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust -- "total expenses for the total amount. Use that account for any payment, otherwise it just won't go anywhere.

Jeffrey McConney: Put in quotes 'the retainer' for the months of January and February, 2017 in the description." And then there is a description, which is a piece of input data, so that we put that so that it would describe what you are paying.

Matthew Colangelo: When you described earlier your handwritten notes, you wrote down "pay monthly from DJT," correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And that was to indicate that the expenses were to be paid from the DJT personal account, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: That account is different than the Trust account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Why in this email did you ask Ms. Tarasoff to pay -- to make this payment from the Trust account instead of from the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: At that point in time, we were paying the President's personal expenses instead of from the DJT personal account from the DJ Trust account, I'm sorry, the DJT Trust account.

Matthew Colangelo: Now, your email asks Ms. Tarasoff to "post the legal expenses," is that correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please explain what you meant by "post the legal expenses?"

Jeffrey McConney: Whenever you make a payment, you have to choose how it's going to be indicated in the General Ledger category, how to put the payment, where to post the payment to, so when you print the General Ledger, you know, it summarizes the expenses in that account. There are a number of accounts you can post it to. We were paying a lawyer so I said to put it -- posted it to legal expenses in the General Ledger.

Matthew Colangelo: What is the General Ledger code for legal expenses?

Jeffrey McConney: 51505

Matthew Colangelo: And in the next sentence, you said "put 'retainer' for the months of January and February 2017 in the description," right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What did you mean by that?

Jeffrey McConney: I was just taking some information from the invoice, so Deb would know what to put in Multi Data and in MDS, and that part of the information prints on the General Ledger when you print the General Ledger.

Matthew Colangelo: And once that description is in the General Ledger system, who can see it?

Jeffrey McConney: Anybody who looks in the General Ledger.

Matthew Colangelo: I'm sorry?

Jeffrey McConney: You can look on the screen, you can run a report. I mean, if I run a report, anybody that gets the report can see it.

Matthew Colangelo: And did The Trump Organization's outside accountants also have access to those descriptions?

Jeffrey McConney: When we printed the General Ledger for them, yes. They didn't have access to our General Ledger package. We had to print reports for them and get them reports of documents.

Matthew Colangelo: And why did you print out reports and give them to the accountants?

Jeffrey McConney: Usually, most of the time it was for tax purposes, to prepare a tax return or a financial statement.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you expect that they would review this expense account at the end of the year for tax purposes?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. This is -- yes, this is one of the accountants that we went over this with, Donald Bender and myself -- Donald Bender is one of the partners of Mazars, who oversaw the account expenses in -- from the Trump accounts.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you know that outside accountants would review this and that those outside accountants would have access to this information?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is one of the reasons for putting this information in the General Leger for when the outside accountants, who had access to these descriptions, in order to understand the description of legal fees as information that the accountants would need to prepare tax returns or financial statements?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. And part of the conversation -- it would start a conversation if they needed more information.

Matthew Colangelo: After submitting and getting approval on this invoice labeled the request for payment for January and February 2017, did Mr. Cohen submit other invoices?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: To your recollection, did he submit one invoice each month after that in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: For the -- for calendar year 2017, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, I offer into evidence People's 37B.

Emil Bove: Same objection, as noted previously.

Juan Merchan: Same objection. Same response from the People?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: 37B is accepted into it evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display 37B publicly.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, do you have 37B on your screen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a -- from the bottom going up -- it's an email from Michael Cohen to myself and Allen Weisselberg. It was an invoice for the month of March.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date on this email?

Jeffrey McConney: February 16th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: I'm sorry, is that the date on the email itself?

Jeffrey McConney: Oh, I'm sorry. The date of the email was Thursday, March 16th, 2017 at 11:58 a.m.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you read out loud the message beginning with: "Dear Allen."

Jeffrey McConney: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of March, 2017."

Matthew Colangelo: And what does it say below that?

Jeffrey McConney: "March 2017, $35,000."

Matthew Colangelo: And take a look at the top of the page, Page 1 now, please. And tell us what it shows.

Jeffrey McConney: At the top is an email from myself to Allen on March 16th, okay. It was sent to Allen and Deb: "Deb, please pay post to same G/L as last month."

Matthew Colangelo: What does "G/L" mean?

Jeffrey McConney: That's accountant speak for General Ledger.

Matthew Colangelo: And what did you mean by "post the same G/L as last month?"

Jeffrey McConney: Basically, whatever I told you last month, post it to legal fees, put the description in, just follow the same pattern, routine.

Matthew Colangelo: So, you were asking Ms. Tarasoff to post this to legal expenses?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did there come a time when you switched from using the Trust account to using the DJT account to pay the invoices from Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And you previously told us that Mr. Trump was the only signatory on checks cut from the DJT account, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Matthew Colangelo: Where was he located in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Washington, D.C.

Matthew Colangelo: So, when you switched and started paying Mr. Cohen's reimbursement checks from the DJT accounts instead of The Trust account, what did that mean in terms of getting the check signed?

Jeffrey McConney: Somehow we would have to get a package down to the White House, get it to the President, get the President to sign the checks, get the checks returned to us and then have the checks mailed out.

Jeffrey McConney: whole new process for us.

Matthew Colangelo: And is that because the signators for the Trust account were located in New York?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm sorry, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we display People's 40 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, do you have that on your screen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this email?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: On the bottom it starts with an email from Michael Cohen to me. Read it?

Matthew Colangelo: Please do.

Jeffrey McConney: "Did you receive the invoice from me for March? Thanks and hope all is well."

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the date of this email?

Jeffrey McConney: March 28th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And let's go up in this exhibit. And can you please read your response?

Jeffrey McConney: Okay. "Yes. I'll check status tomorrow. DJT needs to to sign check."

Matthew Colangelo: What did you mean by "DJT needs to sign check."?

Jeffrey McConney: Well, the check was drawn out of President Trump's personal account. We had to get it down to the White House for the President to sign it.

Matthew Colangelo: So this was around the time that you switched from using The Trust account to the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 37C into evidence.

Emil Bove: Judge, we will have the same objection to each exhibit in the 37 series.

Juan Merchan: And the People will have the same response?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Your objection is noted and overruled. 37C is accepted into evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, do you have that document in front of you on your screen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: That's an email -- well, it's a series of emails to Michael and Allen and myself and Deb Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go to the third page, please. Can you describe this document?

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: This looks like an invoice from Michael Cohen, looking for a -- for payment for the month of April 2017 in the amount of $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Was this invoice attached to the email we just looked at?

Jeffrey McConney: Can you take this off the screen and just so I can see the email?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we go back to this one, please?

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. It says attachments, MDCPC, April, that should be the invoice that was attached to the email.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we go back to Page 3, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And can you read the invoice starting below the date.

Jeffrey McConney: It's addressed to "Allen Weisselberg, care of Donald J. Trump, 725 Fifth Avenue, New York New York, 10022." "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of April 2017. April 2017, $35,000. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Now, let's go back to the first page of this document. And can we start at the bottom part of the message and please let us know what this shows.

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Michael Cohen to Allen Weisselberg. It says: "Allen, happy holiday. I'm attaching the April invoice for processing. Thank you."

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of the email from Mr. Cohen to Mr. Weisselberg?

Jeffrey McConney: April 13th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And let's go to the next message in the chain just above that.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And can you zoom out a little bit more just so we can see what comes below that as well.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What does this show?

Jeffrey McConney: Okay. So we've got the email from Michael to Allen. The second one was an email on Thursday, April 13th, 2017 from Allen to myself.

Matthew Colangelo: So, Mr. Weisselberg forwarded to you Mr. Cohen's email and invoice, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did he include any message in the email?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go up from there.

Matthew Colangelo: And please display the top message.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Can you please tell the jury what this shows?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from myself and somebody else, I'm assuming that's Allen's email to Deb Tarasoff. And it says: "Please pay."

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of that email?

Jeffrey McConney: April 13th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you understand from Mr. Weisselberg's forward to you that the invoice was approved to pay?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's take that down. Your Honor, I offer into evidence 37D through 37K.

Juan Merchan: Your objection is noted. Overruled. Those exhibits are accepted into evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display 37D.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, myself, and Deb Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Does the email indicate whether there is an attachment?

Jeffrey McConney: The one from -- to Deb from me does have an attachment. I don't know if the other ones did or didn't. I don't know how to tell.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display the second page of this exhibit.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Can you describe this document?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an invoice from Michael Cohen for the month of May, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you read the text of the invoice below the date?

Jeffrey McConney: "Mr. Allen Weisselberg, care of Donald J. Trump, 725 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of May, 2017. May 2017, $35,000. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Now, let's go back to the first page of this document.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And directing your attention to the first message on the bottom of the page. What does this show?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Michael to Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: What is the date of Mr. Cohen's email to Mr. Weisselberg?

Jeffrey McConney: May 22nd, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the subject?

Jeffrey McConney: "May invoice."

Matthew Colangelo: Please read the message.

Jeffrey McConney: "Allen, hope all is well. Please find attached the May invoice. Also, please call me to discuss the last open foundation matter. Thank you."

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go up in this correspondence and show the rest of the email above that, if we can.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Starting in the middle and moving up. Please tell us what this shows.

Jeffrey McConney: This is an email from Allen Weisselberg to me, which is basically forwarding Michael's email. Then I forward all of those other emails to Deb Tarasoff and ask her to please pay the invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you.

Matthew Colangelo: Please publish People's 37E.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: A series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg with myself and Deb Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go to the second page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What does this show?

Jeffrey McConney: This is an email from Michael Cohen to Allen Weisselberg on June 16th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And please read the message starting with: "Dear Allen."

Jeffrey McConney: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of May 2017 and June 2017. May 2017, $35,000. June 2017, $35,000. Thank you, Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you. And just above that message, can you take a look and let us know what happened next?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen Weisselberg forwarded me the email he received from Michael Cohen.

Matthew Colangelo: And let's go to the top of the page. Can you describe that message and read it out loud, please?

Jeffrey McConney: I then forward that email -- "that email" being Allen Weisselberg's email -- to Deb Tarasoff. I said: "Deb, please pay June and put a stop on the 4/13/2017 check number 2639 cut out of DJT and replace it. Any questions, please call me. Thanks, Jeff."

Matthew Colangelo: Why did you ask Ms. Tarasoff to put a stop on the check?

Jeffrey McConney: Michael was waiting for payment for one of his months, and it looks like we never got a check back from the White House, so we stopped it and reissued it.

Matthew Colangelo: So, the original -- is it correct that the original April check for, the check for the April payment was lost?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. We -- it was lost. Somebody couldn't find it, I guess it was the same as lost. Lost.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display People's 37F.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email or a series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, myself and Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's take a look at the second page. Can you describe this, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: That's an invoice from Michael Cohen for the month of July 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And please read what the invoice reads below the date?

Jeffrey McConney: "Invoice. Mr. Allen Weisselberg, care of Donald J. Trump, 725 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of July, 2017. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Does this invoice include a specific amount to be paid?

Jeffrey McConney: It does not.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an understanding as to the specific amount to be paid?

Jeffrey McConney: I did.

Matthew Colangelo: What was that understanding?

Jeffrey McConney: $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: And what was that understanding based on?

Jeffrey McConney: Based on the prior invoices and the notes that I took in Allen's office.

Matthew Colangelo: Turning back to the first page. What is the message on the bottom of that page?

Jeffrey McConney: The email from Michael Cohen to Allen Weisselberg. "Dear Allen, hope you are well and getting a chance to enjoy the summer despite all of the nonsense. Speak soon."

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the date and time of that email?

Jeffrey McConney: Tuesday, July 11th, 2017, 9:35 a.m.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's look above that, and please tell us what the message is right above.

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: There is no message. Just Allen forwards to me Michael's email.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you understand that to be approval to pay?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the message at the top of this page?

Jeffrey McConney: Then I, in turn, forwarded the below emails and the invoice to Deb Tarasoff and asked her to pay.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of your email to Ms. Tarasoff?

Jeffrey McConney: July 11, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And when you forwarded this email to Ms. Tarasoff, what amount did you have an understanding that she would pay?

Jeffrey McConney: $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display People's 37G.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, and myself, and Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: And take a look at the bottom of the page, please. Bottom of the first page, and please describe.

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Michael on August 1st, 2017 to Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: What does Mr. Cohen's email say?

Jeffrey McConney: "Allen, hope all is well and you get a chance to enjoy part of the summer. See you soon. Yours, Michael D. Cohen, Esquire, personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump." You have the address as: "30 Rockefeller Plaza, 23rd floor, New York, New York."

Matthew Colangelo: Let's take a look at the second page. What do you recognize this to be?

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: This is an invoice from Michael Cohen for the month of August 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And starting below the address, what does the invoice read?

Jeffrey McConney: August -- before -- after the address, okay. "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of August 2017. Thank you, Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Does this invoice indicate an amount?

Jeffrey McConney: It does not.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have the same understanding as to the amount requested?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And what was that based on?

Jeffrey McConney: Prior month's invoices and the conversation that I had with Allen in his office in January.

Matthew Colangelo: Now, let's go back to the first page, and immediately above the email from Mr. Cohen to Mr. Weisselberg. Can you describe what happened next in this communication?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen forwarded Michael Cohen's email to me.

Matthew Colangelo: Was there a message in his forward?

Jeffrey McConney: There was not.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you understand that to be approval to pay?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go to the top of the page.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And please describe.

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from -- to Deb from me. I forwarded Michael's and Allen's emails -- Michael's invoice to Deb Tarasoff and asked her to pay the -- "please pay the attached invoice."

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date that you forwarded that email?

Jeffrey McConney: August 1st, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And, again, did you have an amount in mind that Ms. Tarasoff would pay?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that -- what amount was that?

Jeffrey McConney: $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that based on the same understanding?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display People's 37H.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a series of emails from Michael Cohen, but with -- between and among Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, myself and Deb Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn to the second page.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an invoice from Michael Cohen for the months of August and September.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date on this invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: September 11, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And can you read the -- can you read the address and message, please?

Jeffrey McConney: It's "Mr. Allen Weisselberg, care of Donald J. Trump, 725 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York, 10022. Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the months of August and September, 2017. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Matthew Colangelo: Does this invoice include an amount?

Jeffrey McConney: It does not.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an understanding as to the amount being requested?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was that amount?

Jeffrey McConney: $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: What was that understanding based on?

Jeffrey McConney: Based on prior invoices and my conversation with Allen in January.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go back to the first page.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And let's look at the bottom of the first page. And can you describe that message?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Michael to Allen Weisselberg, September 11, 2017. "Allen, hope you are holding up and not damaged by the hurricane to your Florida home. Be well. Yours, Michael D. Cohen, Esquire, personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, 23rd floor, New York, New York 10112."

Matthew Colangelo: And turning immediately above that message, can you please describe what happened next in the communication?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen forwarded to me Michael's email and invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the date of that forward?

Jeffrey McConney: September 11, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you understand by this email that Mr. Weisselberg had approved payment on this invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's look at the next message above that.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Please describe this message.

Jeffrey McConney: I forwarded the email from Allen to Deborah Tarasoff on September 11, 2017, without any message.

Matthew Colangelo: In forwarding the email and invoice and the email chain to Ms. Tarasoff without any email message, did you intend for her to pay the invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display People's 37I.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, myself and Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Take a look at the bottom of the first page, please, and describe this message.

Jeffrey McConney: The message, the email is from Michael to Allen Weisselberg, and the message is: "Hope you are well."

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of that email before we move on?

Jeffrey McConney: October 18th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn to the third page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an invoice from Michael Cohen.

Matthew Colangelo: And what is the -- what's the date on that invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: October 18th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: What does the invoice read?

Jeffrey McConney: Just the body of the -- the whole thing?

Matthew Colangelo: Why don't you just read the body this time?

Jeffrey McConney: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of October, 2017."

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go back to the first page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And immediately above the email from Mr. Cohen and Mr. Weisselberg, can you describe what happens next in the communication?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen forwards Michael's email to me.

Matthew Colangelo: On what date?

Jeffrey McConney: October 18th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And in forwarding you the email and invoice, did you understand that to be Mr. Weisselberg's approval to pay?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's look at the next message above that.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And what is this message?

Jeffrey McConney: This is an email to Deb Tarasoff from me asking Deb to please pay.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date on your email to Ms. Tarasoff?

Jeffrey McConney: October 18th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's look at -- can we display People's 37J.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Do you have that on your screen, Mr. McConney?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, myself and Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's go to the bottom of the first page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And can you describe this message?

Jeffrey McConney: The message: "Allen, happy Thanksgiving and hope all is going well..."

Matthew Colangelo: Who is it from and to?

Jeffrey McConney: It's from Michael Cohen to Allen Weisselberg.

Matthew Colangelo: And what date?

Jeffrey McConney: November 20th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn to the third page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: This is an invoice from Michael Cohen.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of the invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: November 20, '17.

Matthew Colangelo: And please read the invoice language.

Jeffrey McConney: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of November 2017."

Matthew Colangelo: Does this invoice include the amount that's requested?

Jeffrey McConney: It does not.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an understanding as to the amount that was being requested?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What was that amount?

Jeffrey McConney: Based on prior invoices and my conversation with Allen in January.

Matthew Colangelo: And what did you understand the amount to be?

Jeffrey McConney: $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn back to the first page.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And immediately above the email from Mr. Cohen to Mr. Weisselberg, can you describe the next message in the communication?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Allen Weisselberg to myself on November 20th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Is there any language in the body of the email other than Mr. Weisselberg's signature block?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: In forwarding you the email from Mr. Cohen and the invoice, did you understand Mr. Weisselberg to approve payment on the invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please look at the top of the page.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: And describe the next message in the communication.

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email to Deb Tarasoff from myself on November 20th, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And what does your email to Ms. Tarasoff say?

Jeffrey McConney: "Deb, please pay the attached invoice."

Matthew Colangelo: Let's take that down. And can you please display People's 37K.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What is this?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a series of emails between Michael Cohen, Allen Weisselberg, myself and Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's look at the bottom of the first page of this document, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Can you read us that message?

Jeffrey McConney: It's an email from Michael Cohen to Allen Weisselberg, December 1st, 2017: "Allen, I want to wish you a happy holiday and hope all is well."

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn to the third page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: What is this?

Jeffrey McConney: That's Michael Cohen's invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date on the invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: December 1, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And please read the language on the invoice.

Jeffrey McConney: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of December, 2017."

Matthew Colangelo: And turning back to the first page.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: Immediately above the email from Mr. Cohen and Mr. Weisselberg, can you describe what happened next in the communication?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen Weisselberg forwarded Michael's email to me on December 1st, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Other than Mr. Weisselberg's Trump Organization signature block, is there any other language in the message that got -- on that forward?

Jeffrey McConney: There is not.

Matthew Colangelo: In sending you the email and invoice from Mr. Cohen for December, did you understand Mr. Weisselberg to be approving payment on that invoice?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: If you remember, and I can show you if you don't, did the invoice that you looked at on Page 3 include an amount requested?

Jeffrey McConney: It did not.

Matthew Colangelo: What did you understand the amount requested to be?

Jeffrey McConney: $35,000.

Matthew Colangelo: And what was the basis of your understanding?

Jeffrey McConney: Prior invoices from Michael and my conversation or meeting with Allen in January of 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. Now, looking at the top of this first page. Can you describe your next message in the communication?

Note: [Displayed]

Jeffrey McConney: I forward Allen's and Michael's emails to Deb Tarasoff on December 1st, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Is the series of invoices that we just discussed consistent with the $35,000 monthly payments reflected in the handwritten notes that you took in January 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And do these invoices for 12 payments of $35,000 total $420,000?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you ever direct Ms. Tarasoff to make any further $35,000 payments to Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Not that I remember, no.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you ever see any other invoices from Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Not that I remember.

Matthew Colangelo: So, did the payments stop in December 2017 after the December 1st invoice we just saw?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, I believe so.

Matthew Colangelo: And, so far as you understood, did these payments satisfy the obligation that you discussed with Mr. Weisselberg in January of 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: They paid the same dollar amount as was on that statement in my notes, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display People's 45 in evidence, unless your Honor suggests that now is a good time for a break?

Juan Merchan: Is this a good time to take a break?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: All right. Jurors, let's take our mid morning recess. You can step out.

Court Officer: Please leave your books on the chair. All rise.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated. Sir, you may step down.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Bove, it appeared that you were about to say something before we broke? Did you want to go on the record with anything?

Emil Bove: No, your Honor. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Enjoy your break.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Note: [Recess taken, after which time Principal Court Reporter Susan Pearce-Bates relieved Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Sergeant: Remain seated come to Order. Part 59 is back in session.

Juan Merchan: Let's get Mr. McConney, please.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness entered the courtroom and was properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury, please. Mr. McConney, you are still under oath.

Sergeant: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Whereupon, the jury entered the courtroom and was properly seated.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. Will the parties stipulate that all jurors are present and properly seated?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Emil Bove: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Colangelo.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: Good morning, again, Mr. McConney.

Jeffrey McConney: Good morning, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Just before the break, we were discussing the invoices for payments that totaled $420,000 in 2017. Do you remember that discussion?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Can I display for the witness, the Court and the parties only, People's 45. Do you recognize this as one of the documents on the thumb drive you reviewed?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: It is one of the reports we can run from the MDS Accounts Payable System.

Matthew Colangelo: Is there any handwriting on this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, there is.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize whose handwriting it is?

Jeffrey McConney: I do.

Matthew Colangelo: Whose handwriting is it?

Jeffrey McConney: Deborah Tarasoff.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 45 in evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's publish that document, please. Mr. McConney, can you describe what this document is?

Jeffrey McConney: It's called a query voucher. It's a report that is run for a specific vendor. In this case, it's run for any entity that pays this specific vendor, any check that was paid during the period January 1st, 2017 to January 5th, 2018. It includes various information, voucher number, which is a tracking system, the company it was paid from, the vendor's name, a small description of what the invoice was for.

Jeffrey McConney: The status, you can run it, if the invoice was paid or unpaid. You can void it, or you can run multiple options, the date of the invoice, the invoice amount, the date paid, check number and a due date, which I think is an automatically generated date.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned that this report can show payments made to a particular vendor, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Who is the vendor in this instance?

Jeffrey McConney: Michael D. Cohen, Esquire.

Matthew Colangelo: Who printed this document?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't know.

Matthew Colangelo: You said before that you recognized the handwriting on the right-hand side?

Jeffrey McConney: The handwriting, I assume, she wrote it, but I don't know if she did.

Matthew Colangelo: By, she, you are referring to Deborah Tarasoff?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. She is the only person in Accounts Payable, so I figure she ran it. I don't know a hundred percent.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you describe the first column, please?

Jeffrey McConney: It says, voucher number.

Matthew Colangelo: And what is a voucher number?

Jeffrey McConney: When you are sending, or the software puts an invoice up, or into the Accounts Payable System, it creates a voucher, and an invoice number is automatically assigned by Multi Data, MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: Describe the second column, please?

Jeffrey McConney: COMP, which is short for company, that would be the company that paid the invoice.

Matthew Colangelo: And which company does appear in the COMP column on this query voucher summary?

Jeffrey McConney: DJT REV, it stands for Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust and DJT is President Trump personally.

Matthew Colangelo: And does DJT REV and DJT indicate the entity that issued a given payment?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Across the top, does this document show a range for the date paid?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And what is that range?

Jeffrey McConney: These are for checks that were cut and issued between -- from and including, January 1st, 2017 through and including January 5th of 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: So is this a report that was run on January 5th, 2018 to identify all payments to Michael D. Cohen, Esquire in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: That's what it -- I don't know if that's the purpose, but that's what it does reflect.

Matthew Colangelo: What does the handwriting on the top right sum up, if anything?

Jeffrey McConney: That's the total of the first three payments which were paid out of the DJT Revocable Trust or the President's Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: What's that total amount?

Jeffrey McConney: $105,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you see the handwriting below that on the right-hand side?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What does that handwriting show?

Jeffrey McConney: $315,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you have an understanding of what that denotes? Do you have an understanding of what that $315,000 refers to?

Jeffrey McConney: That's the total of the checks that were cut out of the President's personal bank account.

Matthew Colangelo: And is that also the total of the checks that were cut from DJT as an entity?

Jeffrey McConney: I am sorry. The DJT account, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And does the bottom of this report display the total amount that was paid in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is that total?

Jeffrey McConney: $420,000.

Matthew Colangelo: You testified earlier that MDS can run reports for certain expenses in a given account, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: I am sorry. Can you ask that again?

Matthew Colangelo: Can MDS run reports showing payments that were posted to a particular expense code for a given expense?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. I mean, given an account with an expense code is the same thing in my world, in my language.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me ask that question differently then. Can MDS run a report showing certain expense types that were paid from a given entity?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: So could it run a report showing everything booked to the account for Legal Expenses for a given entity and year?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display, only for the Court, the witness and parties, People's 54. Mr. McConney, let me know when you have it on your screen?

Jeffrey McConney: I have it on the screen.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this one of the documents that was on the thumb drive?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: This is a detailed General Ledger Report from MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the entity that the detailed General Ledger Report relates to?

Jeffrey McConney: It is the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 54 in evidence.

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Approach.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Emil Bove: Your Honor, as far as I can tell, Government Exhibit 54 relates to a period from 2018 forward. If that's correct, we don't see the relevance of those entries in this case.

Matthew Colangelo: Your Honor, People's 54 is an extract from the General Ledger for the Revocable Trust Account that shows all payments made, coded to the Legal Expense Code. The relevance is that there are no payments to Michael Cohen, Esquire from The Trust account for 2018 that were coded to 51505.

Juan Merchan: Okay. I will allow it.

Note: [Discussion at sidebar concluded, and the following occurred in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you, your Honor. Is People's 54 in evidence?

Juan Merchan: Yes, it is.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: Can we publish, People's 54? Mr. McConney, I think you said this is a -- withdrawn. What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: It's a detailed General Ledger Report that is printed out on the MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: And take a look at the upper left hand corner of page one. What's the company name?

Jeffrey McConney: DJT REV.

Matthew Colangelo: Which entity does this relate to?

Jeffrey McConney: The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the time period?

Jeffrey McConney: It's for transactions during the period January 1st, 2018 through December 31, 2018, calendar year 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn to the second page of this document, and let me direct your attention to the bottom of the page. What's the last account code listed on the page?

Jeffrey McConney: The account code is 51505.

Matthew Colangelo: What does that account code respond to?

Jeffrey McConney: Legal Expenses.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you testify that you reviewed this document earlier?

Jeffrey McConney: Yeah.

Matthew Colangelo: What does the rest of the document show?

Jeffrey McConney: I am not sure I understand your question.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's take this down and go to page three. Can you tell us what page three shows?

Jeffrey McConney: They are expenses or payments that were posted to account 51505, Legal Expense.

Matthew Colangelo: Does it show them in a particular order?

Jeffrey McConney: They are in date order.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display page four. What does this page show?

Jeffrey McConney: The same thing, the legal expenses posted to account 51505.

Matthew Colangelo: And is that from the DJT REV entity?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. So, it's still part of the DJT General Ledger.

Matthew Colangelo: For 2018?

Jeffrey McConney: This is for part of 2018, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's advance to the next page. What does this show?

Jeffrey McConney: The top of the page shows postings to account 51505, legal expense postings for payments. In the bottom we start a new General Ledger Account, 51506, which are payments to an expense account called Accounting and Auditing, payments to accountants.

Matthew Colangelo: And have you reviewed the entries in the Legal Expense code on this exhibit?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that show all of the charges to the account for legal expenses for The Trust Account in 2018?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were there any payments to Michael Cohen from that account in 2018 that was billed to Legal Expense?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display, just for the witness, the Court and parties, People's 55. Please let me know, Mr. McConney, when you have it on your screen.

Jeffrey McConney: It's on my screen.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It is a detailed General Ledger printed from MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the company identified in the upper left-hand corner?

Jeffrey McConney: DJT.

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the time period for this report?

Jeffrey McConney: Calendar year 2008 [sic].

Matthew Colangelo: Is this one of the documents that you reviewed from the thumb drive we discussed earlier?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, it is.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 55 into evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's start on the first page, Mr. McConney. Please go ahead and tell the jury what this is.

Jeffrey McConney: It's a detailed General Ledger printout for MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of the transactions that it reports?

Jeffrey McConney: Calendar year 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: Take a look at the upper left-hand corner. Is this a report from the General Ledger for the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, his personal account.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's turn to the second page. Now, I will direct your attention to the bottom of the page. Does this show entries for legal expenses in 2018?

Jeffrey McConney: This paragraph shows -- yes, this page shows one entry to account 51505, Legal Expense.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the date of that entry?

Jeffrey McConney: January 2nd, 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: Please advance to the next page. And, Mr. McConney, please review that page, and let me know when you have had a chance to look it over.

Jeffrey McConney: I looked it over.

Matthew Colangelo: What do these show?

Jeffrey McConney: These are continuing reports for the Legal Expense account for 51505 for 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you advance to the next page? Is this a continuing report for Legal Expense for 2018 from the DJT account?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, it is.

Matthew Colangelo: Please advance to the next page. And can you let us know what that is?

Jeffrey McConney: It is a continuation payment posted to expenses in 2018 for account 51505.

Matthew Colangelo: Please advance to the next page. And what is this?

Jeffrey McConney: More legal expenses posted to Legal Expense Account 51505 for 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: Have you had an opportunity to review each page of this exhibit?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does this document show all of the charges to the account for legal expenses for the DJT entity in 2018?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Were there any payments to Michael Cohen from the DJT account in 2018 that were billed to Legal Expenses?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney -- we can go ahead and take that down. And can we display People's 43 in evidence. Mr. McConney, do you see People's 43?

Jeffrey McConney: I do.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: I do.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you tell the jury what it is?

Jeffrey McConney: It is a detailed General Ledger Report from MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: What company and year?

Jeffrey McConney: The company is DJT REV for calendar years 2017 and 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: And does this show the three payments to Michael Cohen from The Trust Account in response to the approved invoices we discussed for January, February and March 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And does this show what account those payments were coded to?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Does this record the description of a retainer for each payment?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the total amount of the payments that were paid from The Trust Account?

Jeffrey McConney: $105,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's display People's 44 in evidence. Do you have that on your screen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize that document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: What is this document?

Jeffrey McConney: It is a detailed General Ledger Report from MDS.

Matthew Colangelo: Does that show payments from the DJT entity?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And where do you see that?

Jeffrey McConney: In the upper left-hand corner, a company named DJT.

Matthew Colangelo: So, is this the same kind of a report that we just looked at? This is for a company named DJT, and the last one was for a company named DJT REV?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Matthew Colangelo: Does it show payments to Michael Cohen from a company named DJT in response to the approved invoices we just discussed for the months from April to December of 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yeah.

Matthew Colangelo: And what account code were they coded to?

Jeffrey McConney: Legal Expense, 51505.

Matthew Colangelo: Does this record the description of a retainer for each payment?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the total of the payments that were paid from the company named DJT?

Jeffrey McConney: This is $315,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you. We can take that down. Mr. McConney, are you familiar with a tax form called a 1099?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What's a 1099?

Jeffrey McConney: There are various types of 1099s. You get 1099s from banks for savings account for interest. You get them from brokerage accounts for dividends. Non-employees get a 1099 miscellaneous. There are a number of 1099s that can be issued for various reasons.

Matthew Colangelo: Did part of your responsibilities as controller of the Trump Organization include overseeing the preparation of 1099s?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: How were 1099s generated?

Jeffrey McConney: If the checks were issued from MDS, there is a program in MDS that would literally issue 1099 forms or print the 1099 form. And we can just make them out and send them to the company.

Matthew Colangelo: What did the Trump Organization do with the 1099s after preparing them?

Jeffrey McConney: We filed them away in our tax file or files.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you send them to anybody else?

Jeffrey McConney: We sent one copy to the individual or the entity that the 1099 was for and a copy to the Internal Revenue Service.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we display People's 93 just for the Court, the witness and counsel? Mr. McConney, do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: It is a 1099 for 2017, 1099 miscellaneous for 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Directing your attention to the box at the top left, who is the payor?

Jeffrey McConney: Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this an example of a 1099 that you just described preparing?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 93 in evidence.

Emil Bove: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Exhibit 93 is accepted into evidence.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, please take a look at People's 93. And, again, let's highlight the payor's name. And please tell the jury who is the payor.

Jeffrey McConney: The payor, Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust.

Matthew Colangelo: And address your attention to the box holding recipient's name. Who is the recipient? A Michael D. Cohen, Esquire. Q And to the right of that box in box seven, what is that box labeled? A Non-employee compensation. Q What's the amount? A $105,000. Q What do you understand that $105,000 to reflect? A Those were payments made to Michael Cohen during calendar year, 2017. Q And were those payments made to Mr. Cohen during calendar year 2017 from The Trust?

Matthew Colangelo: A These were from The Trust, yes. Q Let's turn to the second page. Does this show a second form 1099 MISC? A Yes. Q And what is the year? A 2017. Q Who is the payor for this 1099? A Donald J. Trump. Q Who is the recipient? A Michael D. Cohen, Esquire. Q And take a look at box number seven. Let us know again what box number seven reports?

Jeffrey McConney: Non-employee compensation.

Matthew Colangelo: What's the amount recorded in box seven?

Jeffrey McConney: $315,000.

Matthew Colangelo: What do you understand that $315,000 to reflect?

Jeffrey McConney: Those were payments made out of the DJT account to Michael Cohen for calendar year 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: And what's the total amount reflected in the two 1099s?

Jeffrey McConney: $420,000.

Matthew Colangelo: So, are these the 1099s that the Trump Organization issued to Mr. Cohen to reflect the $420,000 payments that Mr. Cohen received in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And you testified earlier that these 1099s go both to the payor and to the Federal Internal Revenue Service?

Jeffrey McConney: Recipient and the Internal Revenue Service.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you. You can take that exhibit down. Mr. McConney, are you familiar with a Federal agency called the Office of Government Ethics?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, I am.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that agency sometimes referred to as OGE?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did your responsibilities, when you worked at the Trump Organization, include helping to prepare an Annual Financial Disclosure Report for Mr. Trump to be submitted to the Office of Government Ethics?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have a name for that Annual Financial Disclosure Report?

Jeffrey McConney: We called -- we used to call it by the form number. It was 278E, as in Edward.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you describe what the form 278E is?

Jeffrey McConney: It -- it is a filing -- it's what's called a Conflict of Interest Form that the Government requires certain individuals to file annually, semi-annually. I am not too sure of other reports, but the President had to file this form annually.

Matthew Colangelo: Did he file it both when he was a candidate for presidency and as President?

Jeffrey McConney: He -- we filed reports from -- when he declared his candidacy in 2015 until when he left office in 2017. He is a candidate now. I am not there, so I don't know if he filed anything.

Matthew Colangelo: During your time at the Trump Organization, did you work on the Form 278E before Mr. Trump became President?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What kinds of financial interests are required to be disclosed on the Office of Government Ethics Form 278E?

Jeffrey McConney: I am not sure I understand the question.

Matthew Colangelo: You mentioned, Mr. McConney, that the 278E is a Conflicts Disclosure Form?

Jeffrey McConney: Conflicts of Interest, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What kinds of information are collected and reported on that form?

Jeffrey McConney: There is a schedule that lists all the entities you belong to, your position in those entities, I believe the date you acquire that position or interest in the company, the date you disposed of it.

Jeffrey McConney: listing of your assets, the value of the assets, location of the assets, the income for that assets. I think there were retirement funds, retirement payments. Your spouse's assets. Your stock holdings, bond holdings, bank accounts, liabilities. I think gifts. I think that's most of the major, if not all of them.

Matthew Colangelo: What was your role in preparing the report when you worked at the Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: The first time I was involved with something, we went through the whole document from A to Z. Since it took so long, at one point we were up at four o'clock in the morning just filing the document. That may be normal for you, but not normal for my life. So we kind of split it up. So I took care of a few pieces of the form and someone else took care of the rest of the form.

Matthew Colangelo: Which aspects of the form did you take care of later in the process?

Jeffrey McConney: I took care of Mrs. Trump's assets, stock holdings, stock transactions, bank accounts, brokerage accounts, liabilities. I think that's it.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you help prepare Mr. Trump, and then President Trump's, submission to the Office of Government Ethics for each year Mr. Trump was a candidate or a Federal official while you still worked there?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes. I filed it through, or helped file it, through January of 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Please display for the witness, the Court and parties, the documents marked for identification as People's 81. And, Mr. McConney, please let me know when you have that on your screen.

Jeffrey McConney: It's here.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you recognize this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, I do.

Matthew Colangelo: What is it?

Jeffrey McConney: This is a 278E.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this the first page of that document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, it is.

Matthew Colangelo: So this is -- is this a copy of the Annual Financial Disclosure Report of the kind you helped prepare?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this the signed -- a Certified Annual Report for year 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you help prepare this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you have an opportunity to review each page of People's 81 before testifying?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Is this an exact copy of the signed and Certified Annual Report for President Trump for the year 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I offer People's 81 into evidence.

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Emil Bove: Thank you, Judge. My first objection to this exhibit is based on the presidential media argument we made. This is a document that President Trump signed in 2018 as President of the United States. And so, we believe it is an official act that should not come into evidence at the trial.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Matthew Colangelo: So, for the same reasons I believe we briefed and argued previously, there is no evidentiary inadmissibility doctrine for official acts. And, in any event, the regulations require the filing of the OGE Form 278 for presidential candidates, candidates for Federal office and Federal officials, for reasons including for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the Federal Conflict of Interest Law.

Matthew Colangelo: It is not a document entitled to any evidentiary exclusion at all.

Juan Merchan: I agree.

Emil Bove: The second objection is, that there are parts of this disclosure form that appear to be based on business records that the witness is familiar with. There are other factual assertions in here that I don't know he laid a foundation for, including factual foundations, or governmental official offices adopting the form, on the first page.

Emil Bove: I don't think that can come in as a business record. I don't think as proffered right now, as a business record, it can come in.

Matthew Colangelo: We are admitting this to show, or offering this into evidence to show that this is a signed and certified statement by the Defendant. One page, Page 45 of that document includes a footnote describing his liabilities and acknowledging that in 2016 Mr. Cohen incurred expenses on his behalf, and the Defendant repaid those expenses in 2017. That is an admission.

Juan Merchan: Okay. I will let it in.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you.

Note: [Discussion at sidebar concluded, and the following occurred in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Overruled. The document is accepted into evidence.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: Please publish, People's 81. Mr. McConney, please tell the jury what this document is.

Jeffrey McConney: This is the President's annual filing of the Non-disclosure Form or Conflict of Interest Form, which I believe is for -- for probably the first 20 days of 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, let me direct your attention to the top of the first page to the boxes in the top left corner. Do you see that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Can you read out loud the report type?

Jeffrey McConney: Report type is, Annual.

Matthew Colangelo: And can you read out loud both the year indicator and the year?

Jeffrey McConney: The year is -- it says, Year Annual Report Only, 2017.

Matthew Colangelo: Do you understand this to be an Annual Report as opposed to a new entry report?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let's take a look at the middle of the first page and can you blowup that date, please? What's the date that this was signed and certified?

Jeffrey McConney: May 15, 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: So I think you said a minute ago that this was a report related to the first 20 days of 2017. Having looked at the report type, year and date, do you have a different understanding?

Jeffrey McConney: I was going by the upper left-hand corner, which was the date. I misread it. Yes, the years, I misinterpreted the years.

Matthew Colangelo: Well, do you understand this to be the annual report for 2017, which was signed and certified and submitted in 2018?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you. Do you recognize the signature on that first signature line?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Whose signature is it?

Jeffrey McConney: That's President Trump's signature.

Matthew Colangelo: How do you recognize that signature?

Jeffrey McConney: I have seen it many times.

Matthew Colangelo: And tell us, again, what the date is on this document?

Jeffrey McConney: May 15, 2018.

Matthew Colangelo: Please take a look at the language just above the signature. Do you see a line that reads, Filer's Certification?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Please read that line out loud?

Jeffrey McConney: I certify that the statements I have made in this report are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Matthew Colangelo: And that's Mr. Trump's signature in the certification box below that filing certification line?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me direct your attention to the 45th page of this document. At the top of the page, can you read what section of the submission we are in?

Jeffrey McConney: Part Eight, Liabilities.

Matthew Colangelo: And can you -- now, let me direct your attention to the language at the very bottom of that page. The language in small type. If we can zoom in. Make that as large as we can and highlight there. Mr. McConney, can you read what that line says?

Jeffrey McConney: Sure. In the interest of transparency, while not required to be disclosed as reportable liabilities on Part 8, in 2016, expenses were incurred by one of Donald J. Trump's attorneys, Michael Cohen. Mr. Cohen sought reimbursement of those expenses and Mr. Trump fully reimbursed Mr. Cohen in 2017. The category of value would be $100,001 to $250,000 and the interest rate would be zero.

Matthew Colangelo: Let me ask you a question about the category of value. In your work on the Financial Disclosure Report, this 278E Form, do you have an understanding of how liabilities are required to be disclosed?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: What is that understanding?

Jeffrey McConney: They are reported within a range of a certain point and anything within that range.

Matthew Colangelo: Okay. So a filer is not required to report a specific dollar amount, but instead is required to disclose the dollar value range of a given liability, is that right?

Jeffrey McConney: Well, the range that that dollar amount would fall into.

Matthew Colangelo: Tell us, again, what the category of value is for the line you described?

Jeffrey McConney: $100,001 to $250,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Earlier today, you testified about your discussions with Allen Weisselberg about money that was owed to Michael Cohen, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And you testified that the two payments owed were $130,000 for the wire to Keith Davidson and $50,000 for Red Finch Tech Services?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Matthew Colangelo: And that adds up to $180,000, is that correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Is that consistent with the disclosure on the Certified Government Ethics Form of an obligation to Michael Cohen in the range of $100,001 to $250,000 for expenses incurred in 2016?

Jeffrey McConney: It was a long question. Can you just repeat it again? I remember pieces of it.

Matthew Colangelo: Sorry. Let me back up a few seconds. You testified about discussions with Allen Weisselberg in January of 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: About money that was owed to Michael Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And the two amounts that were owed were $130,000 to Keith Davidson and $50,000 to Red Finch?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: And what does those total up to?

Jeffrey McConney: $180,000.

Matthew Colangelo: Is it consistent to the disclosure of a liability in the range of a $100,001 to $250,000?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you. No further questions.

Juan Merchan: Your witness. You may inquire.

Emil Bove: Thank you.

Note: [Cross-examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: Good afternoon, Mr. McConney.

Jeffrey McConney: Good afternoon, sir. How are you?

Emil Bove: I am well. My name is Emil Bove and I represent President Trump. We haven't met before, right?

Jeffrey McConney: No, sir.

Emil Bove: And you just testified about a series of payments that were made to Michael Cohen in 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And in that timeframe, 2017, Michael Cohen was a lawyer, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Okay.

Emil Bove: Right?

Jeffrey McConney: Sure, yes.

Emil Bove: And payments to lawyers by the Trump Organization are legal expenses, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And you booked those payments on the General Ledger as legal expenses, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And during your 30-something plus years at the Trump Organization, you sort of rarely had conversations with President Trump, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Very few.

Emil Bove: And during the instances when you did speak to him, you didn't talk about accounting software, did you?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: You never gave him a tour of the MD system, right?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: And you have no reason to believe, do you, that President Trump understood the details of MDS?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer that.

Jeffrey McConney: I am sorry. Can you ask that again?

Emil Bove: You didn't have any reason to believe that President Trump understood the details of MDS?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And you did not talk to President Trump about the events that you just described in response to Mr. Colangelo's questions, did you?

Jeffrey McConney: I did not.

Emil Bove: You did not talk to him about those events in 2016, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: I did not.

Emil Bove: You did not talk to him about those events in 2017, did you?

Jeffrey McConney: I did not.

Emil Bove: And you did not talk to him about those events in 2018 either?

Jeffrey McConney: I did not.

Emil Bove: Not ever, right?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: President Trump did not ask you to do any of the things that you just described in response to Mr. Colangelo's questions, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: He did not.

Emil Bove: And as far as you know, President Trump did not ask anyone to do those things, correct?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: I am just asking about your knowledge.

Jeffrey McConney: Okay. So can you ask it again?

Emil Bove: I can't ask it again. Sorry. I just want to focus, though, my questions to about what you knew.

Jeffrey McConney: Okay.

Emil Bove: In none of the conversations that you had with Mr. Weisselberg did he suggest that President Trump had told him to do these things?

Jeffrey McConney: Allen never told me that.

Emil Bove: And you testified about some emails that you have exchanged with Michael Cohen, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And it seems like the bulk of those were in 2017, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: You did not actually talk to Mr. Michael Cohen about any of these issues, did you?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Jeffrey McConney: No. Talked to Michael, no.

Emil Bove: You did not speak to him about these issues, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: Not in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: Not ever?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: Now, Cohen worked at the Trump Organization for a long time, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yeah.

Emil Bove: About a decade?

Jeffrey McConney: Give or take. I don't know exactly how long he was there.

Emil Bove: That's a rough ballpark?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And your interactions with him were sporadic?

Jeffrey McConney: Minimal.

Emil Bove: And then he left The Trump Organization in January of 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And at that point he started to work as the personal attorney to President Trump, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Emil Bove: Outside of the Trump Organization, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, if you can please publish Government's Exhibit 37-A in evidence. Thank you. This is one of the emails that Mr. Colangelo asked you about, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: This is an email that you sent to Deborah Tarasoff in February of 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, if we can please take a look at page three of the exhibit. This is an email thread that contains messages from Michael Cohen, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And in the year, 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: February of that year?

Jeffrey McConney: February, 14, yes.

Emil Bove: And let's take a look at page five of the exhibit. If you can zoom in on the signature blocks. This is the signature block that Cohen was using in 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: It doesn't say, fixer, does it?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: And he is not using a Trump Org. email, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: If that bottom line is his email -- it probably should be, based on the signature block. Yes, he did not.

Emil Bove: It is a Gmail account, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And these signature blocks are consistent with your understanding of what Mr. Cohen was doing at that time in 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Which is that Mr. Cohen was acting as President Trump's personal attorney, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: So, by early 2017, for accounting purposes, Mr. Cohen was akin to a vendor to President Trump?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, can we take a look at Government Exhibit 37-C, please, and if you can bring up page three. Can you see that okay?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: This is one of the invoices that you -- this is one of the invoices that you testified about, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And if you take a look at the header, it says, Michael D. Cohen and Associates PC, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: That acronym, PC, stands for Professional Corporation, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And you don't know one way or the other whether Michael Cohen actually setup a professional corporation, do you?

Jeffrey McConney: No idea.

Emil Bove: But you know that by this time period in 2017 he was purporting to have done so, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And in that way, representing that he had an outside firm, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: You mean, he was outside The Trump Organization?

Emil Bove: Yes.

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And you don't know one way or the other, from your advantage point, whether Mr. Cohen did legal work for President Trump in 2017, do you?

Jeffrey McConney: I do not know.

Emil Bove: You don't know if he did legal work for President Trump in connection with Summer Zervos?

Jeffrey McConney: Who?

Emil Bove: Summer Zervos?

Jeffrey McConney: No idea.

Emil Bove: And you don't know whether Mr. Cohen did legal work in 2017 for members of President Trump's family, correct?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, can you publish Government's Exhibit 37-K, and if we can zoom in on the 9:31 a.m. email. So this is an email that -- it's an email thread that you testified about earlier. This message is from Michael Cohen to Allen Weisselberg. Do you see that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And do you see where it says, please call me to discuss the last open foundation matter?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And so, does this suggest to you that in 2017 there was an open matter that Michael Cohen was handling?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: We can take that down. Thank you. Now, I think you said before that January 2017, was a period of flux and chaos at the Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: That's putting it mildly.

Emil Bove: And that's because President Trump had become President of the United States, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And the way of doing business at the company had to change, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Drastically.

Emil Bove: Change drastically from what had gone on for decades, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And there was a period where things were in flux because you were trying to figure out how to do that, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: For the first time in decades President Trump's main office was in Washington, D.C., hundreds of miles away, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: So, he was not in New York as much as he had been previously to sign personal checks?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't remember seeing him in New York at all.

Emil Bove: During the time he was President?

Jeffrey McConney: Right, correct.

Emil Bove: And he was the only signatory on his personal checking account, right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Now, another change that happened around this timeframe, late 2016, early 2017, is that President Trump's assets were moved into The Trust, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: That Trust was accompanied by a set of detailed conflict of interest procedures, right?

Jeffrey McConney: No idea. I never saw The Trust document, the actual Trust documents. All I have seen was the chart, the structure chart, and there was the entity listing behind it and one paragraph inside The Trust.

Emil Bove: But you understood that the purpose of The Trust was to eliminate potential conflicts of interest as President Trump ran the country, correct?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. If you know.

Jeffrey McConney: I have no idea.

Emil Bove: Do you recall that Sheri Dillon helped to develop The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And Ms. Dillon is outside counsel from a law firm, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: This Trust structure was disclosed to the public in January of 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: I have no idea. I don't know that.

Emil Bove: I would like to show the witness, the Court and the parties, if I could, Defense Exhibit H-10. I want you, if you can take a look at that and let me know if it refreshes your recollection about public disclosure relating to The Trust structure.

Matthew Colangelo: Objection, your Honor. May we approach?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Matthew Colangelo: Thank you, your Honor. First of all, to the extent this is intended to refresh his recollection, he didn't say -- no foundation has been laid. He didn't say that he might know and needs to be refreshed. He said he had no idea. Second, the attempt to offer this document -- for this document to be offered as testimony or argument from counsel on cross, or cross-examination, on anything other than refreshing his recollection, this appears to be an exhibit, or an attempt to admit an exhibit that the Court already excluded for failure to disclose after months of requesting exhibits.

Emil Bove: If we can have the answer read back. I thought he did.

Juan Merchan: Can you read it back?

Note: [Whereupon, the requested testimony was read back by the reporter.]

Juan Merchan: I have no idea.

Emil Bove: So, I think when he says -- I can ask, is it possible that something would refresh your recollection, I think that the answer is open enough to allow him to take a look at the document to see if it refreshes his recollection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Note: [Discussion at sidebar concluded, and the following occurred in open court.]

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter, Susan Pearce-Bates was relieved by Senior Court Reporter, Theresa Magniccari.]

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Note: [Continued examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: I think you testified on direct that there were two Trustees to The Trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And those Trustees were one of President Trump's son and Allen Weisselberg, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: It was basically the Trustees' responsibility to manage The Trust, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And it was your understanding that The Trust did not file some tax returns, right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: This was not an entity in that sense, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And I think you said there are over 500 entities that were rolled up into this trust?

Jeffrey McConney: Before I left, there were over 500 entities, to my knowledge.

Emil Bove: And either directly or indirectly The Trust owns all of them, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that was true in 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And among those entities, there were thousands of employees, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: The entities owned properties all over the world, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: There were hotels with tens of thousands of guests, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Members at golf courses in the thousands, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Those facilities hosted weddings and other events, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Because they were spread out all over the world, they involved settings with all different types of cultures, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: President Trump had all different types of partners all over the world, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And as a result of that diversity, there was very real commercial risks to adverse publicity, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: I am not a marketing person, it's hard for me to answer that question.

Emil Bove: But you understood that the organization was paying marketing people, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that if there was news that was negative about President Trump or the organization, it was bad for business, correct?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And each one of these entities, to the extent they had a bank account, had a General Ledger, is that correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And there was a separate General Leger relating to President Trump's individual account, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Personal bank accounts, yes.

Emil Bove: That was in 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: From the day it started.

Emil Bove: And the General Ledger relating to President Trump was to cover his personal expenses, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: It was like his personal checkbook.

Emil Bove: So, that could include housing costs, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Housing costs, other personal real estate taxes.

Emil Bove: Utility bills?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Educational expenses for his children?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And these were all kept as part of a separate General Ledger, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you testified a little bit about keeping track of President Trump's cash position?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, early on.

Emil Bove: And whether you did, were doing that directly, or responsible for people who were doing it, that continued throughout your time in The Trump Organization?

Jeffrey McConney: I received weekly reports and took a look at it.

Emil Bove: And there were times during the course of your employment where President Trump's cash position was in the hundreds of millions of dollars, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And do you recall that in 2017 there were times when that position was at least 60 million dollars in unrestricted cash?

Jeffrey McConney: Well, at least.

Emil Bove: And those reports that you were looking at, you understood them to be accurate, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: These things are true?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: You were asked a lot of questions about the MDS System and legal expenses, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And we talked a lot about the legal expenses account, which is Number 51505, if I have that right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: I only have it right because I can read it. The legal expenses account was a specific item in the charter of accounts?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: It was basically part of a dropdown menu?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: In 2017, it sounds like the MDS System was a bit antiquated, was it not?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think you said you actually helped design it, that was in 1991?

Jeffrey McConney: 1991

Emil Bove: And, so, these categories, there was a level of rigidity to them, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: If you are talking about payments to an attorney, legal expenses, that was the account that was used, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: As this legal expenses account was used in 2017, the purpose was basically to make payments to attorneys so they could be reviewed at the end of the year, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct. Most legal expenses -- most personal legal expenses are not deductible for tax purposes.

Emil Bove: You wanted to have one place where you knew you could find a way to discuss them with Mazars, the outside accountant?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: So Mazars could make decisions about deductions, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: You testified on direct examination about two conversations that you had with Allen Weisselberg in 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Relating to this subject, yes.

Emil Bove: Early 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: Early 2017, yes.

Emil Bove: And during one of the conversations, you took some notes, if I understand it right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: At another point, Weisselberg handed you a document, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think you said on direct that each of those interactions was short?

Jeffrey McConney: Very short.

Emil Bove: Under five minutes?

Jeffrey McConney: Probably, yes.

Emil Bove: Even less, maybe?

Jeffrey McConney: It could have been. It was a few years ago, I don't really remember.

Emil Bove: During one of those conversations, Mr. Weisselberg conferred to you that Cohen was coming off the payroll of The Trump Corporation, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: And that is consistent with the email signature block that we looked at a minute ago?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, when he became personal attorney for the President, yes.

Emil Bove: And you said that Mr. Weisselberg mentioned that Cohen was seeking some kind of reimbursement, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: He, Weisselberg, did not say anything to you about what Cohen was seeking reimbursement for when you had these conversations in January of 2017, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And I would like to talk a little bit about your notes document, which is Government Exhibit 36.

Emil Bove: If we can bring that up, please. If we can zoom in a bit. Thank you.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: Now, I would like to direct your attention to the line that says "X2 for taxes," do you see that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think you testified previously that you don't have a specific recollection of what Weisselberg told you that meant, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Right. He was just rattling off information I had to write down.

Emil Bove: You were taking notes and just writing down what he said?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And this was his idea, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you don't know where the idea came from, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: No, I don't.

Emil Bove: Mr. Weisselberg had a lot of different experiences, but he was not a tax accountant, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: He was not a tax accountant.

Emil Bove: Now, let's take a look at the document that Mr. Weisselberg handed you, Government Exhibit 35, please.

Emil Bove: Zoom in on the bottom, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: Now, I think you said you don't have a specific recollection of when Mr. Weisselberg handed you this document?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: You don't have a specific recollection of the conversation around the document, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And it sounds like, basically, your present memory is that you understood you were supposed to keep track of this piece of paper that he handed you, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now, on direct, you sort of offered an interpretation of the words "gross up," do you remember that?

Jeffrey McConney: I don't remember the exact wording, but it sounds right.

Emil Bove: I am referring to the entry on the page, I think you said -- I think you said it reads "gross up two?"

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: But you don't know exactly what Weisselberg meant by that, do you?

Jeffrey McConney: No, nobody would know.

Emil Bove: The idea to double the payment to make sure that Cohen got $180,000 after taxes, that doesn't make a lot of sense, does it?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: And that's because the reimbursement would not have been taxable, right?

Jeffrey McConney: The expense reimbursement is not taxable.

Emil Bove: And you don't know, do you, how, if at all, Mr. Cohen treated these payments on his taxes?

Jeffrey McConney: No idea.

Emil Bove: And with respect to notes on the right side of the document, "Red Finch," you don't know how this got there?

Jeffrey McConney: No, I have no idea who wrote that.

Emil Bove: You don't know much of anything about Red Finch, do you?

Jeffrey McConney: No, I know very little about Red Finch.

Emil Bove: You don't know if Cohen paid anything to Red Finch, right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: There is a reference on this document to a bonus, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: It says "add additional bonus," I think you testified $60,000?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: When Cohen was an employee of The Trump Organization, the bonus would come out through the payroll, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And in this flux period, that was a lot more complicated once he left The Trump Organization, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: What was more complicated?

Emil Bove: How to pay the bonus, it wasn't as simple as just routing through payroll anymore, he didn't work there anymore?

Jeffrey McConney: Right.

Emil Bove: We can take that down.

Emil Bove: Now, you testified on direct examination that you kept these two documents, Government Exhibits 35 and 36, your notes and the bank statement in the payroll book, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: In a cabinet in your office, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Locked in my office.

Emil Bove: A cabinet that you locked, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And the reason that that cabinet was locked was because the payroll book contained a lot of sensitive information, right?

Jeffrey McConney: It was a drawer with other payroll information, not just that book.

Emil Bove: It's not that these notes were particularly sensitive, it's that the payroll book contained personal identifying information relating to the thousands of employees, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Well, technically, just employees that I was paying through Trump Payroll Corp. It was weekly reports, terminations, a lot of employee payroll information.

Emil Bove: You locked the drawer to try to keep that sensitive information secure, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: We're talking about Social Security numbers, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Social Security numbers, dates of birth, salaries, bonuses.

Emil Bove: And one of the reasons to try and keep salaries and bonuses secure is that you don't want rumors to get around about who is making what, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Isn't a fact that most of the drawers in your office were locked?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: For the same reason, right?

Jeffrey McConney: I had a lot of sensitive information.

Emil Bove: So, you kept it locked to keep it secure, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: Mr. Bernik, can we take a look at Government Exhibit 37A, please. And if we can go to Page 2 and zoom in on the 11:58 a.m. email.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: This is one of the messages that Michael Cohen sent to you in response to the request for an invoice, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: And you see it says "Michael D. Cohen, Esq." at the top, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: That's consistent with him being an outside personal attorney to President Trump, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you see where it says "Pursuant to the Retainer Agreement?"

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Retainer Agreements can be verbal, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: To my knowledge, yes.

Emil Bove: And this invoice doesn't say anything about the condition of The Trump Organization, does it?

Jeffrey McConney: The condition of The Trump Organization?

Emil Bove: The financial condition of The Trump Organization.

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: And this invoice from President Trump's personal attorney for personal legal expenses does not say anything about the activities of The Trump Organization, right?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Emil Bove: Now, Mr. Bernik, can we zoom in on the email at 12:03 and 12:02 on Page 1.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: These are two messages, also on February 14th, between you and Weisselberg, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And Mr. Weisselberg refers to an Agreement with Don and Eric, do you see that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Do you understand that is a reference to two of the President's sons?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: You have no idea what that reference to an Agreement meant, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: All that you took from that message was that these payments had been approved, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Now, if we can look at the top email, please. Thank you. So this is a message that you sent to Ms. Tarasoff?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: With a copy to Allen Weisselberg, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: You asked Ms. Tarasoff to pay Mr. Cohen from The Trust, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that turned out to be a mistake, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you learned that later?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And part of the issue was that this was all new to the Accounting Department, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: By "this," I mean trying to figure out how to pay President Trump's personal expenses while he was in Washington D.C., right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And so at the time you sent this email, it was not clear to you how you could get President Trump to sign a check, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And, so, based on conversations with others, your understanding was that it should be paid from The Trust in order to get around that practical issue, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And that was all the thought that went into it, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: That is about it.

Emil Bove: When somebody told you that President Trump could actually sign checks from his personal account, you fixed the procedure, right?

Jeffrey McConney: I was told he should be paying through his personal account.

Emil Bove: And at that point all the payments after that were paid out of President Trump's personal checking account, right?

Jeffrey McConney: For this matter, yes.

Emil Bove: Right. In response to the emails that Michael Cohen sent?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you were asked some questions about 1099 forms that The Trump Organization issued to Cohen, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: I think that is Government Exhibit 93. If we can bring that up. Can we zoom in here.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: So, this 1099 was issued by The Trust, correct, the pair?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And it indicates that $105,000 was paid to M. Cohen, do you see that on the bottom?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, that was his signature, vendor abbreviation.

Emil Bove: Vendor abbreviation, relating to the personal attorney services he was providing that were logged on the General Ledger?

Matthew Colangelo: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Emil Bove: What is a "vendor abbreviation?"

Jeffrey McConney: What happens is, Multi Data has various locations where it has abbreviations. We talked about DJT and DJT Revocable, the company abbreviations. For vendors, you needed a vendor abbreviation. So Michael D. Cohen, Esq. was the name on the check. The vendor name would be M. Cohen.

Emil Bove: So, once Michael Cohen left The Trump Organization and became the personal attorney to President Trump, he became a vendor for your purposes, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And he had a specific vendor identity within the boxes, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And this is an abbreviation that reflects that vendor identity for Michael Cohen as an outside personal attorney to President Trump, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: If we can go to the second page, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: So this second 1099 reflects payments from President Trump's personal account to Michael Cohen, as personal attorney, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And you see in box seven, it's listed $315,000 in payments?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And so, this is consistent with what you talked about earlier, the first three $35,000 payments were paid out of The Trust, that is the $105,000 on Page 1 of this exhibit, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And the remaining payments added up to $315,000. This is the 1099 reflecting those payments from President Trump's personal account, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Correct.

Emil Bove: And you sent this form -- this form was sent to Michael Cohen, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And these payments were also disclosed to the IRS, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Because one of the purposes of this form is to make clear to the IRS that payments have been made to a vendor, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And there is no place on this form to break down payments for legal services versus expenses incurred by a lawyer during the provision of those services, right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: There is one figure that The Trump Organization reported as being paid to Michael Cohen during the 2017, right?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: Then it's Michael Cohen's job, is it not, to make decisions about how to account for these payments on his personal taxes, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: You don't know what he did with that?

Jeffrey McConney: That's correct.

Emil Bove: I would like to talk a little bit about the 278E Form that Government Ethics Form, very briefly.

Emil Bove: Can we take a look at Government Exhibit 81. And if we can zoom in on all the signatures here.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: And so you said that the top signature is President Trump's, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And then the signature below that is actually a signature from the Office of Government Ethics, right?

Jeffrey McConney: I believe so, yes.

Emil Bove: And if you see that there is sort of some fine print between the two signatures?

Jeffrey McConney: I'm not sure where you are looking.

Emil Bove: Agency, Ethics, Official.

Jeffrey McConney: I was looking down below.

Emil Bove: If we can highlight that, right under President Trump's signature.

Emil Bove: So that says, "On the basis of information contained in this report, I conclude that the filer is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations," do you see that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And the reimbursement to Michael Cohen was disclosed in this form, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: If we can take a look at, I think it's Page 45. Bates ending 6360. Zoom in on the very bottom. If we can zoom in on the footnotes, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Emil Bove: You're closer to the screen than I am. Can you read that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Emil Bove: This is a disclosure regarding the aspects of these payments that was already reimbursed?

Jeffrey McConney: The bottom two lines.

Emil Bove: Sent to the Federal Government in 2018, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: And signed off by the Office of Government Ethics, right?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Nothing further.

Juan Merchan: People, any redirect?

Matthew Colangelo: Yes, your Honor. Just a few questions.

Note: [Redirect examination by Matthew Colangelo.]

Matthew Colangelo: Mr. McConney, do expense reimbursements ordinarily get reported to the IRS?

Jeffrey McConney: No.

Matthew Colangelo: Can we pull up People's 35 for a minute.

Note: [Displayed]

Matthew Colangelo: You were asked some questions about this document on cross-examination, do you remember that?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Do any of the notes on this document refer to a Retainer Agreement?

Jeffrey McConney: No, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Do any of the notes on this document refer to work performed in 2017?

Jeffrey McConney: No, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: You also were asked some questions about the conversations you had with Mr. Weisselberg around the time he gave you these handwritten notes, do you remember those questions?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Were you, yourself, privy to any conversations between Mr. Trump and Mr. Weisselberg about these payments?

Jeffrey McConney: No, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: How about any conversations between Mr. Trump and Mr. Cohen?

Jeffrey McConney: For this matter, no.

Matthew Colangelo: Did you participate in any conversations with the three of them, Mr. Trump, Mr. Cohen and Mr. Weisselberg, about these payments?

Jeffrey McConney: No, sir.

Matthew Colangelo: Have you come to learn since leaving The Trump Organization that there were matters that Mr. Weisselberg kept you in the dark about?

Emil Bove: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Emil Bove: Hearsay.

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: Your answer is yes?

Jeffrey McConney: Sorry, yes.

Matthew Colangelo: This was all happening above your head?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: You were told to do something, and you did it?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Matthew Colangelo: I have no further questions.

Emil Bove: Very briefly.

Note: [Recross examination by Emil Bove.]

Emil Bove: You were asked whether reimbursements are typically disclosed to the IRS just now, do you remember that question?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: All the payments to Michael Cohen in 2017 were disclosed to the IRS on the 1099 that the Government put in evidence, correct?

Jeffrey McConney: Yes.

Emil Bove: Nothing further.

Juan Merchan: Anything else?

Matthew Colangelo: No, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, sir. You can step down.

Juan Merchan: We're going to take our lunch recess. I will see you at 2:15. Enjoy your lunch.

Juan Merchan: See you at 2:15.

Note: [A-F-T-E-R-N-O-O-N S-E-S-S-I-O-N.]

Juan Merchan: People, your next witness, please. Let's get the jury.

Todd Blanche: Are you still trying to call Ms. Longstreet-Joseph next?

Joshua Steinglass: She's not going to be called next.

Juan Merchan: There is an issue you wanted to take up?

Todd Blanche: Yes. It doesn't sound like it's for the next witness. The witness that we believe is testifying next, we were just informed a half hour ago, we have -- from what we have just been told a few minutes ago, we have objections to several of the exhibits if this witness is going to go first. Do you want to do that now?

Juan Merchan: We can start.

Todd Blanche: So, our understanding, for many of the exhibits that the next witness will offer, our objection is exactly the one that we raised earlier today. Which is, the invoice itself from Mr. Cohen is not a business record, and we object to it being part of The Trump Organization records. A little bit different with this witness, because for some of them there is a stamp on the invoice, that I believe she will testify that she applied to the invoice.

Todd Blanche: That certainly would be a business record. But the invoice itself, we believe, is inadmissible hearsay offered for the truth. I can give you those exhibits now or --

Juan Merchan: Let me hear from the People.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, as counsel mentioned, they're invoices that come into The Trump Organization, that then The Trump Organization acts upon and makes payments based upon. I believe all or most of the invoices will be talked about with this witness, she applied a stamp to, and then wrote in certain information. So these are clearly records that The Trump Organization gets and then looks at and makes their own -- takes actions based upon.

Christopher Conroy: Each witness will testify to all of them.

Juan Merchan: So, the way I understand it from Mr. McConney's testimony, they wouldn't pay out on anything unless they had an invoice. They would receive the invoice and make that invoice part of the package. They would make General Ledger entries. They would cut the check. It would become part of the package. Also, is that part of the res gestae?

Christopher Conroy: Yes, Judge.

Todd Blanche: What was the last thing you said?

Juan Merchan: It's part of the crime, the res gestae.

Todd Blanche: So, your Honor, I don't dispute what the Court just said. That is what The Trump Organization does. Our objection is a little bit different. While they certainly need an invoice to pay and won't pay without an invoice, the invoice itself that causes them to pay is being offered for the truth of the matter asserted.

Todd Blanche: Meaning, the statements by Mr. Cohen in this case are being offered as a business record exception to the hearsay rule. That's our objection. The more meaningful objection -- it's not the same as the one we raised this morning, from our understanding, the People are going to offer People's Exhibit 42 through this witness, who we believe is a Trump Organization employee.

Todd Blanche: And it appears to us, unless we're wrong to be Capital One Bank Records, and we very much object to that. I can walk through the information on this exhibit -- that is, in theory, going to be offered for the truth. There is no way this witness can offer a business record foundation for this.

Juan Merchan: Who is the witness?

Christopher Conroy: Judge, the next witness is Deborah Tarasoff, who works in the Accounts Payable Department. She will testify that this Exhibit 42 is a series of cancelled checks, and it's routine for The Trump Organization to get cancelled checks for all of its accounts and keep them as part of the recordkeeping for the organization and for the various accounts that it had.

Christopher Conroy: And so, these cancelled checks, while they were generated by Capital One, were produced by The Trump Organization from their records.

Juan Merchan: Is that what you are referring to?

Todd Blanche: Yes. Although, our understanding is, they were produced from the bank. Again, we just did this a few minutes ago, even they were going to offer this. If the witness is going to testify that she received these cancelled checks and can explain what the very detailed information is on those personal checks from Capital One, like TRM debit, explain why certain account holders signed the checks and things like that -- again, it's being offered as a business record as opposed to something she just received.

Todd Blanche: We object to that.

Juan Merchan: Can I see it?

Christopher Conroy: Yes.

Juan Merchan: So, these were checks that were cut by a Trump Organization employee, right?

Christopher Conroy: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Trump Organization Revocable Trust, they cut it, they made a payment with it in this case. The one I am looking at was to Michael Cohen. It goes to the bank processing. It gets cancelled at that point, and they get it back.

Christopher Conroy: Correct.

Todd Blanche: I don't know if that is true. If they laid the foundation that way -- but the checks are already coming in separately. This is the document from Capital One. If your Honor looks at the first page of the exhibit, there is all kinds of information stamped on this check. There are kinds of information that is typed, presumably, by Capital One, not by The Trump Organization.

Todd Blanche: If you move on to other checks, there is information on these checks that I don't think this witness can explain. For example, on the second page, it says something totally different on the stamped check. It says something about Richmond, Virginia. It has a signatory that isn't Mr. Cohen. And the point is, the reason why you are supposed to lay a foundation and have the witness testify about the records and what they mean, as we heard this morning from Mr. McConney, there needs to be enough foundation laid to explain and justify the information on the check that is hearsay to allow it into evidence for the truth.

Todd Blanche: There is a lot of information on this check that I don't think this witness can explain. Now, the checks are coming into evidence themselves. Of course, we're not objecting to those.

Juan Merchan: So the checks are coming into evidence. You have a problem with the cancelled checks coming into evidence?

Todd Blanche: I have a problem with Exhibit 42, which is a bank record, we believe from Capital One, being offered as an exception to the hearsay rule by a Trump Organization witness.

Juan Merchan: I don't have a problem with it. It's a cancelled check. It's the same check that Ms. Tarasoff presumably generated herself and actually paid out. I think that she is certainly capable of testifying that this was standard business practices, that they would receive these cancelled checks every month or every six weeks, whatever.

Juan Merchan: It could come in as business record. It could even possibly come in as real evidence.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, I do not object. We do not question that she can testify to most of what you just said. Which is, she would receive these in the regular course. What she can't testify to is the business record part.

Juan Merchan: You are talking about the codes and the stamps and everything else?

Todd Blanche: The hearsay that is being offered for the truth of the matter asserted. The business record exception to the hearsay rule.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, I don't anticipate eliciting from her what the codes mean. I anticipate eliciting from her what it is, a check that she issued to Michael Cohen, and a reflection of the fact that it was cashed and cancelled by the bank.

Juan Merchan: That's what I am assuming is going to happen. She is going to say: This was the check that I generated, I received it back from the bank. It demonstrates it was cashed, the check number, the same payee, the same amount. If you want to ask her about these codes and these stamps in the back, you can. I don't think that is necessary to get the document into evidence.

Todd Blanche: We believe it's a business record of a bank. That's our objection.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Noted. Overruled. Anything else?

Christopher Conroy: Not from the People.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: People, next witness.

Christopher Conroy: At this time the People call Deborah Tarasoff.

Court Officer: Remain standing. Raise your right hand. Face the clerk.

Court Clerk: Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are going to give before this Court and jury shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, do you so swear or affirm?

Deborah Tarasoff: I do.

Note: [D-E-B-O-R-A-H T-A-R-A-S-O-F-F, called as a witness on behalf of the People, was duly sworn by the Clerk of the Court, upon being examined, testified as follows.]

Court Clerk: Thank you.

Court Officer: Have a seat. Pull your chair all the way up. State your full name, spelling your last name.

Deborah Tarasoff: Deborah Tarasoff, T-A-R-A-S-O-F-F.

Court Officer: County of residence.

Deborah Tarasoff: Westchester County.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon.

Deborah Tarasoff: Good afternoon. You may inquire.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Note: [Direct examination by Christopher Conroy.]

Christopher Conroy: Good afternoon.

Deborah Tarasoff: Good afternoon.

Christopher Conroy: If you remember, try to speak slowly and into the microphone, that will be great. Ms. Tarasoff, are you employed?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I am.

Christopher Conroy: Where do you work?

Deborah Tarasoff: For The Trump Organization.

Christopher Conroy: And where is The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: 725 Fifth Avenue.

Christopher Conroy: How long have you worked there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Twenty-four years.

Christopher Conroy: What is The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's a company that deals in real estate.

Christopher Conroy: And who is the owner of The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct me if I am wrong, Mr. Trump.

Christopher Conroy: I just quickly want to ask you, are you here today with your attorneys?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And do you know who is paying for your attorneys?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is paying for your attorneys?

Deborah Tarasoff: The Trump Organization.

Christopher Conroy: I think you said you have been at The Trump Organization around 24 years?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us a little bit about your educational background?

Deborah Tarasoff: Just high school.

Christopher Conroy: What did you do after high school?

Deborah Tarasoff: I went to work.

Christopher Conroy: Where did you work?

Deborah Tarasoff: I do believe my first job was with Liberty Mutual. Then I went to a company, it was a lawyer, and he dealt with real estate and parking lots and garages in the city.

Christopher Conroy: What kind of work did you do for the lawyer?

Deborah Tarasoff: The lawyer, I paid bills also.

Christopher Conroy: And how long did you do that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Seventeen years.

Christopher Conroy: And then did you stop working?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Why did you stop working?

Deborah Tarasoff: I took care of my daughters.

Christopher Conroy: Did there come a time that you went back to work?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: When was that?

Deborah Tarasoff: In '99, when my husband passed away.

Christopher Conroy: And did you go straight to The Trump Organization at that time?

Deborah Tarasoff: No, I went in 2000.

Christopher Conroy: So, you did something else for a year?

Deborah Tarasoff: I stayed home with the girls.

Christopher Conroy: Is The Trump Organization made up of a number of entities?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Where is The Trump Organization headquartered?

Deborah Tarasoff: Now or before?

Christopher Conroy: Well, let's start with now.

Deborah Tarasoff: Now, well, technically, I think it is in Florida.

Christopher Conroy: How about back in the timeframe of 2015, '16, '17?

Deborah Tarasoff: 725 Fifth Avenue.

Christopher Conroy: Here in Manhattan?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you have any sense of how many entities make up The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: There is a bunch.

Christopher Conroy: Over 100?

Deborah Tarasoff: I think close to it, yes.

Christopher Conroy: What was your title when you started at The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: Accounts Payable.

Christopher Conroy: And what is your title now?

Deborah Tarasoff: Accounts Payable Supervisor.

Christopher Conroy: Do have you a work-issued email address?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Has it been the same since you started?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall what it was when you started?

Deborah Tarasoff: What was it before?

Christopher Conroy: Yes.

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes. It was D. Tarasoff.

Christopher Conroy: And was the domain name TrumpOrg.com?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And that changed?

Deborah Tarasoff: It just added the full name now: Deborah Tarasoff.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. Does everyone you work with have a TrumpOrg. email domain?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: I want to talk a little bit about some of the departments and people at The Trump Organization. You work in Accounts Payable?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Is that part of the Accounting Department at The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Where did the Accounting Department sit or where did it sit in the period of 2015 to 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Same location where we've always been.

Christopher Conroy: Which is where?

Deborah Tarasoff: On the 26th floor.

Christopher Conroy: What else is on the 26th floor?

Deborah Tarasoff: The Legal Department, and Mr. Trump's office.

Christopher Conroy: And that's at the address you gave us earlier, 275 Fifth Avenue?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know somebody named Rebecca Manochio?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Who is she?

Deborah Tarasoff: She was an Administrative Assistant at that time. Now she works in Accounts Receivable.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know someone named Alan Garten?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is he?

Deborah Tarasoff: He's a lawyer.

Christopher Conroy: And how long have you known him?

Deborah Tarasoff: For as long as he's worked there.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know somebody named Michael Cohen?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who was Michael Cohen?

Deborah Tarasoff: He was a lawyer that worked there.

Christopher Conroy: Did he work there in the period of 2015, until early 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Where did he sit when he worked there?

Deborah Tarasoff: He sat in two different locations.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us a little bit more about that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Outside my office there is another office right next to it, he sat there, and then he moved to the other side of the floor.

Christopher Conroy: Of the 26th floor?

Deborah Tarasoff: Of the 26th floor.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know Jeffrey McConney?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is Jeffrey McConney?

Deborah Tarasoff: He is the Assistant Controller.

Christopher Conroy: Did you work closely with Jeff McConney?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I did.

Christopher Conroy: How long has he been at The Trump Organization, if you know?

Deborah Tarasoff: He was there before me.

Christopher Conroy: For longer than 24 years?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Were you familiar with how he usually did things at work?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did you go to him with questions about expenses?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Can you just tell us a little bit more about what you do in Accounts Payable? What does that mean and what do you do?

Deborah Tarasoff: I get approved bills. I enter them into the system and I cut the checks and I mail them out. I used to.

Christopher Conroy: And, I apologize, I am jumping around a little bit here. I want to go back to Mr. McConney. Do you know what his title was back in 2016 or 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: I do believe it's Assistant Controller.

Christopher Conroy: Did Mr. McConney oversee everything in the Accounting Department?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is Allen Weisselberg?

Deborah Tarasoff: He was the CFO.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "he was the CFO," is he no longer at the company?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Christopher Conroy: How closely did you work with Allen Weisselberg?

Deborah Tarasoff: About the same as Jeff. A little less maybe.

Christopher Conroy: What was Mr. Weisselberg's management style?

Deborah Tarasoff: He had his hands in everything.

Christopher Conroy: Did you -- withdrawn. Did he interact with Mr. Trump often, to your knowledge?

Deborah Tarasoff: To my knowledge, yes.

Christopher Conroy: And, now, speaking about that time period of 2015 to early 2017, did he interact with Mr. Trump often back then?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know somebody named Rhona Graff?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is Rhona Graff?

Deborah Tarasoff: She was Mr. Trump's assistant.

Christopher Conroy: With respect to Mr. Trump, did you work directly with Mr. Trump?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: Did you see Mr. Trump around the office back in the time period of 2015 to early 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: You said earlier that back in 2015 to 2017, Mr. Weisselberg, it was your sense, that he spoke to Mr. Trump frequently, is that right?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know if Mr. Weisselberg liked to run financial decisions by Mr. Trump before engaging in particular actions?

Deborah Tarasoff: From my knowledge, yes.

Christopher Conroy: I want to talk a little bit now about your role in Accounts Payable, which you described for us earlier. Do you have a lot of decision-making authorities in your role as Accounts Payable Supervisor?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: Back in 2015 to 2017, that time period, did you have a lot of decision making authority then?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: Did you pretty much just follow instructions?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Would you hear about it if you incorrectly made a mistake to follow instructions?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who would you hear about it from?

Deborah Tarasoff: It could be whoever gave me the bill, that I paid it wrong.

Christopher Conroy: Who would that have been most often?

Deborah Tarasoff: It could have been Mr. Weisselberg. It could have been Jeffrey McConney. The Legal Department, if they said I paid it wrong.

Christopher Conroy: In the period of 2016 and 2017, who did you report to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Basically Jeffrey McConney.

Christopher Conroy: When it came to handling the Accounts Payable, how many entities, if you know, did you handle Accounts Payable for?

Deborah Tarasoff: Fifty to sixty, maybe more.

Christopher Conroy: And did you do your job the same way with respect to all of these entities?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: You explained to us what Accounts Payable is. What is Accounts Receivable?

Deborah Tarasoff: Accounts Receivable, you get the money in. Accounts Payable, you give it out.

Christopher Conroy: And are you familiar with the term "General Ledger?"

Deborah Tarasoff: I am.

Christopher Conroy: What is the General Ledger?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's what everything goes into, and they keep track of things.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "everything goes into -- "

Deborah Tarasoff: Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable, any transactions.

Christopher Conroy: Did you make entries yourself through an accounting system into the General Ledger?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, the Accounts Payable.

Christopher Conroy: Do you remember the name of that accounting system?

Deborah Tarasoff: Multi Data, MDS.

Christopher Conroy: Can you briefly describe the process that you would use back in 2016 and 2017 when you got an invoice to pay in Accounts Payable?

Deborah Tarasoff: I would -- I would get it when it's approved. I would enter it into the accounting system. I would cut the check, get it signed, and mail it out.

Christopher Conroy: And is that essentially the same process that you had used for your entire career at The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: You said an invoice would be approved?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who could approve invoices?

Deborah Tarasoff: Allen Weisselberg, Jeffrey McConney. Obviously, Mr. Trump. Anybody in the Legal Department.

Christopher Conroy: And for these questions, I pretty much want to focus on the time period 2016, 2017, is that okay?

Deborah Tarasoff: Sure.

Christopher Conroy: Is that answer accurate for that time period?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did the dollar amount of an invoice impact who could approve it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: How?

Deborah Tarasoff: If it was under a certain amount, Allen would have approved it. If it was over, it would have to be approved by somebody higher up.

Christopher Conroy: Who was higher up than Allen Weisselberg?

Deborah Tarasoff: It would be Eric Trump, Don Jr. or Mr. Trump.

Christopher Conroy: One of the Trumps?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall, in the time period of 2016 to 2017, what that dollar amount was that would have to be approved? To what amount could Allen Weisselberg approve an invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Before 2015, it was $2,500. After that, it was $10,000.

Christopher Conroy: So anything over that amount had to be approved by Mr. Trump or Eric Trump or Don Jr. Trump?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: We talked a little bit about the General Ledger. Did each of the entities that you handled at The Trump Organization have its own General Ledger?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And did it have a code that associated it with, or that you would enter for each entity into the General Ledger?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: As part of your responsibilities in Accounts Payable, did you handle Accounts Payable for an entity called "DJT?"

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What was that?

Deborah Tarasoff: DJT is Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And did that account have its own General Ledger?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And that is back in 2015, '16, '17?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And you processed the accounts payable for that account the same way you did for all the other accounts?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And did you cut checks from that account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall -- withdrawn. Once you cut a check, what would you do with it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Which account?

Christopher Conroy: Let's say from the DJT account back in 2017, 2016, 2017, that time period?

Deborah Tarasoff: Before he was President or after?

Christopher Conroy: Let's start with before.

Deborah Tarasoff: Before, I would cut the check, put it together with the backup, and bring it over to Rhona, so she would bring it in to Mr. Trump to sign.

Christopher Conroy: You said "put it together with the backup, "what was the backup?

Deborah Tarasoff: The invoice.

Christopher Conroy: Was there ever more than an invoice or was it usually just an invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Basically, it's just an invoice.

Christopher Conroy: And how would you put the check together with the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Just put the check on top of the invoice, staple it and bring it over.

Christopher Conroy: And you said you would bring it over to Rhona?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: At some point, would you get those back?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Were they in the same condition when you got them back?

Deborah Tarasoff: They would be signed.

Christopher Conroy: And were the invoice and the check still stapled together?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did you have a general practice, would you staple the check on top of the invoice, or the invoice on top of the check, or did it vary?

Deborah Tarasoff: The check is on top of the invoice.

Christopher Conroy: And -- withdrawn. Were you responsible for reimbursing expenses to vendors?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did you generally require proof of an expense?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What kind of expense?

Deborah Tarasoff: The backup receipt.

Christopher Conroy: And how much would The Trump Organization usually reimburse when an employee incurred an expense?

Deborah Tarasoff: Whatever amount it was.

Christopher Conroy: So, if an employee incurred an expense of $100, how much would The Trump Organization reimburse?

Deborah Tarasoff: One hundred dollars.

Christopher Conroy: Now, you talked a little bit about invoices. I want to talk a little bit about who could sign checks, particularly for the DJT account. Who could sign checks for the DJT account in 2016 or 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: You are talking about Mr. Trump's personal account?

Christopher Conroy: Yes.

Deborah Tarasoff: Only Mr. Trump.

Christopher Conroy: Was that true back in 2016 and 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If you know, is that still true today?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: That was any check, it didn't matter the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: It didn't matter.

Christopher Conroy: With respect to approving invoices, was the ultimate approvement of payment the signing of the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Say that again.

Christopher Conroy: That's okay. We talked a little bit about approving invoices. Did an approved invoice mean that a check had to be signed?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Could the person signing the check decide not to sign the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And so, if, for example, Allen Weisselberg approved an invoice, did somebody have to sign that check or was there still another level of approval?

Deborah Tarasoff: If Allen approved it, no, I would put it in and cut it and get it signed.

Christopher Conroy: What if you cut a check from the DJT account, did Mr. Trump have to sign the check because Mr. Weisselberg approved it?

Deborah Tarasoff: No. If he didn't want to sign it, he didn't sign it.

Christopher Conroy: Did you ever see situations where he didn't sign checks?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What would happen in those situations?

Deborah Tarasoff: He would write "Void" on it and send it back.

Christopher Conroy: How do you know he would write "Void" on it?

Deborah Tarasoff: It was signed in a Sharpie in black. That is what he usually uses.

Christopher Conroy: In the 24 years that you have been there, have you seen Mr. Trump's handwriting?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And his signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Are you familiar with his handwriting?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And are you familiar with his signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: I want to talk a little bit about the period in early 2017, after Mr. Trump became President. Do you know what the DJT Revocable Trust is?

Deborah Tarasoff: I know it's a checking account.

Christopher Conroy: So you know it has a checking account. Do you handle Accounts Payable for that account as well?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And do you handle Accounts Payable for that account the same way you do for the DJT accounts we just discussed and all the accounts you handle?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall when you started handling the DJT Revocable Trust Account?

Deborah Tarasoff: When they started it.

Christopher Conroy: Was that when he became President in 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: I don't recall when it came into effect.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall if there was a specific requirement that two people sign checks over $10,000 for the Revocable Trust?

Deborah Tarasoff: There was a time, yes.

Christopher Conroy: And going now, we talked a little bit about the DJT account. Once Mr. Trump became President, did he still sign all the checks for that account?

Deborah Tarasoff: For which one?

Christopher Conroy: For the DJT, his personal account?

Deborah Tarasoff: His personal, yes.

Christopher Conroy: I want to talk a little bit about -- I want to direct your attention to the period of 2017. You worked with Michael Cohen?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did he leave The Trump Organization at some point?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall when he left?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: Was it around the time that Mr. Trump became President?

Deborah Tarasoff: I don't recall.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall processing payments to Michael Cohen after he left The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: I do believe so, yes.

Christopher Conroy: And were those payments that were paid from the DJT account that we talked about a little while ago?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recall generally how the payments to Michael Cohen, after he left The Trump Organization, were processed in 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: How were they processed?

Deborah Tarasoff: The same way that everything else is processed.

Christopher Conroy: So for each payment, did you get an invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did you get an approval email?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you remember who you would get those emails from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Jeffrey McConney.

Christopher Conroy: Did you enter each invoice into the Multi Data System?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And did you cut a check for each invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If I may, I would like to show the witness the drive.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, this contains exhibits marked People's 1 through 34, 41 and 42 for identification. Are all of those records that are kept by The Trump Organization in the ordinary course of business?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Before testifying here today, did you have a chance to review the documents on the thumb drive?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: How do you know that is the thumb drive that you reviewed?

Deborah Tarasoff: My signature and the date is on them.

Christopher Conroy: Are there redactions on some of the exhibits on the thumb drive?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did you have a chance to review the unredacted versions of each exhibit and compare them to the redacted versions?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Were the two sets of exhibits the same except for the redactions?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And are the records contained on there the kinds of records we have been discussing, including checks, stapled invoices, General Ledger vouchers, some emails, and a set of cancelled checks?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Were the records kept in the ordinary course of business at The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Was it part of the ordinary course of the Trump Organization's business to keep and maintain these records?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Were the people keeping and maintaining the records under a business duty to do so accurately?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Were the entries reflected in each of the records made at or close to the time to the activity that they reflect?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, at this time I am offering People's 1 to 34 and People's 41 and 42 into evidence.

Todd Blanche: Subject to the discussion earlier, with the objections. You want me to give the number to the objections, your Honor?

Juan Merchan: Yes, please.

Todd Blanche: Based on our discussion earlier, we object to Exhibit 8, 11, 14, 17, 20, 23, 26, 29, 32 and 42, for the reasons stated.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. People's 1 through 34, 41 and 42, are accepted into evidence as business records. You can still voice your objection.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibits 1 through 34, 41 and 42 were received into evidence.]

Note: [Whereupon, Theresa Magniccari, Senior Court Reporter Was relieved by Laurie Eisenberg, Senior Court Reporter.]

Christopher Conroy: I want to talk a little about 2017 before we start looking at the records. In 2017, after Mr. Trump became the President, did anything change with respect to how checks were signed for the DJT account?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: In other words, he had to sign all the personal checks, still?

Deborah Tarasoff: From his personal account, yes.

Christopher Conroy: But, he was not in New York anymore, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: So, how would that happen?

Deborah Tarasoff: We would send them to the White House for him to sign.

Christopher Conroy: So, even when he was in D.C., no one else had authority to sign those checks?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's right.

Christopher Conroy: Did you prepare the checks for signature the same way that you always have?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know how the checks were sent to D.C.?

Deborah Tarasoff: By Federal Express.

Christopher Conroy: If you know, who did that at The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: I think, at the time, Rebecca Manochio did.

Christopher Conroy: How did she get the checks?

Deborah Tarasoff: I gave them to her.

Christopher Conroy: And then, do you know what would happen with the checks when they went to D.C.?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: Did you at some point -- well, do you know whether the checks were sent to the White House or somewhere else?

Deborah Tarasoff: I don't know.

Christopher Conroy: Did you at some point get the checks back?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And would they be signed?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: By who?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump.

Christopher Conroy: And then, once you got them back, what would you do with the signed check and the backup?

Deborah Tarasoff: I would pull them apart, mail the check, and file the backup.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "file the backup", you would put it into the records of The Trump Organization?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: I would like to now, if we could, pull up what's already in evidence as People's Exhibit 37A.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just blow up the top email.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, can you tell us, is this an email that you received?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the date?

Deborah Tarasoff: February 14, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And can you tell us, so -- if you could read that into the record, and then tell us what you did once you received that email.

Deborah Tarasoff: I was given instructions to pay this invoice from The Trust and post to legal expenses.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just scroll down a couple of pages.

Christopher Conroy: There. That's great.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Page 2 of that exhibit?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes. It looks like that.

Christopher Conroy: So, you got that email, and it was an instruction to pay this invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: We could take that down. If you could pull up People's 1 in evidence.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, if you take a look at that, is that actually the same email thread that we just looked at?

Deborah Tarasoff: Can you make it bigger?

Christopher Conroy: Sure.

Christopher Conroy: Can you blow up the top half of People's 1.

Deborah Tarasoff: Basically, looks like it, yes.

Christopher Conroy: You see there's a stamp on the -- as you're looking at it on the right side of the document, do you see that stamp?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: What's that stamp?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's my stamp.

Christopher Conroy: So, you put that there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: It says at the top "Accounts Payable"?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: There is some handwriting. Did you write that handwriting?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Can you explain, first of all, at the top, it says "Entity Number". Then, what did you write in there?

Deborah Tarasoff: "DJT Revocable Trust". That's what it stands for.

Christopher Conroy: What you actually wrote was "DJTREV", right?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes. That's the little code for it.

Christopher Conroy: That's the code for the DJT Revocable Trust?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: In the G/L code, you wrote a number. What's that number?

Deborah Tarasoff: 51505

Christopher Conroy: What's that number?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's legal expense.

Christopher Conroy: Above the stamp, do you see that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know what those are?

Deborah Tarasoff: Those are the voucher numbers.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "the voucher numbers", what's the vouchers?

Deborah Tarasoff: When you enter it into the computer system, once you finish, it gives you that number.

Christopher Conroy: We could take that down. If we could pull up People's 2 in evidence.

Christopher Conroy: If you could just blow up the top half for now.

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us what this document is?

Deborah Tarasoff: This is the actual voucher after I finish entering it into the system.

Christopher Conroy: Do you see the voucher number that you had handwritten into the invoice on here somewhere?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Where is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's up on the top left if you're looking at it.

Christopher Conroy: Where the highlighting is now?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Does it indicate -- is there an indication the company -- of the company?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Is that the "DJTREV" that you had written in?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What does it say next to it?

Deborah Tarasoff: It says the actual name of the company.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the vendor on this -- or the payee on this voucher?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the invoice amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: Excuse me?

Christopher Conroy: What is the invoice amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And did you put something in the ledger distributions?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes. I put the legal expense code.

Christopher Conroy: If we could blow up the bottom half of that.

Christopher Conroy: You see in there invoice information?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yep.

Christopher Conroy: In the invoice number, what's been put in there?

Deborah Tarasoff: I put the date.

Christopher Conroy: And the due date?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And so, is one the first of the month and one the last day of January?

Deborah Tarasoff: The computer puts in the due date.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. And the invoice date?

Deborah Tarasoff: The invoice date I put in.

Christopher Conroy: Underneath that, do you see an invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And what does it say there?

Deborah Tarasoff: I put in: "Retainer for January."

Christopher Conroy: And did you put that in two times?

Deborah Tarasoff: The computer puts it in automatically.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. Where did you get that information?

Deborah Tarasoff: From the invoice.

Christopher Conroy: From the invoice that we just looked at?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And, in fact, is all -- where are you getting all of the information that you're inputting into this voucher?

Deborah Tarasoff: From the invoice.

Christopher Conroy: I just want to look at the bottom box now where it says "voucher status".

Deborah Tarasoff: Okay.

Christopher Conroy: First of all, it says "created by", and who's that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Myself.

Christopher Conroy: And what date did you create this on?

Deborah Tarasoff: February 14th.

Christopher Conroy: Just above that, do you see it says "completed in AP", and then a number, and then "CD", and then a number, what are those numbers?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's the "AP". "CD" is the disbursement batch.

Christopher Conroy: So, the CD number is the disbursement batch number?

Deborah Tarasoff: Uh-huh. Yes.

Christopher Conroy: All right. We could take that down. If we could look at People's 3.

Christopher Conroy: I won't walk you through all of those boxes.

Christopher Conroy: If you could blow up the top half again.

Christopher Conroy: Now, is this another payment voucher?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: And, is it the same company indicated?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the payee?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's the invoice amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And how -- what's the ledger distribution?

Deborah Tarasoff: Legal expense.

Christopher Conroy: Did you put that information in there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And where did you get that?

Deborah Tarasoff: From the invoice.

Christopher Conroy: And it has the same General Ledger account code?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could look at the bottom. QAgain, do you see the invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And what does it say?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer for February."

Christopher Conroy: Where did that come from?

Deborah Tarasoff: I put it in. It came from the invoice.

Christopher Conroy: Okay.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if we could look at People's 4.

Christopher Conroy: If you could first blow up the first two-thirds of that.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, what is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's a copy of a check.

Christopher Conroy: What are these two parts of the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Stubs.

Christopher Conroy: Can we just look -- are the two stubs the same?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Could we just blow up the top part of the first stub. A little more. All the writing at the top of the check.

Christopher Conroy: Perfect.

Christopher Conroy: If you look at that, does it -- how much is this check for?

Deborah Tarasoff: The check is $70,000.

Christopher Conroy: If you look just above that, do you see in the description two different line items?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What are the two line items?

Deborah Tarasoff: One is for January, and one is for February.

Christopher Conroy: Is each one for the same amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: How much is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: So, would it be fair to say that this check -- were the two vouchers that we just looked at, did the information from those vouchers get put into these stubs, and was this check generated by those two vouchers?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: By the MDS system?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: So, this is one check for $70,000, but it's for two different payments?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And at the bottom left, what does it say?

Deborah Tarasoff: "To: Michael Cohen."

Christopher Conroy: If we could take that down, and if we could actually look at the check itself.

Christopher Conroy: Is this a check from the DJT Revocable Trust account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: And who is it to the order of?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And do you see the two signature lines there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: First of all, can you read what's typed above those two lines?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Two signatures needed on amounts over $10,000."

Christopher Conroy: What's the check amount here?

Deborah Tarasoff: $70,000.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the check number?

Deborah Tarasoff: 138

Christopher Conroy: Now, do you recognize the two signatures there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signatures are those?

Deborah Tarasoff: The top one is Eric, and the bottom one is Allen Weisselberg.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "Eric"?

Deborah Tarasoff: Eric Trump.

Christopher Conroy: I also just want to ask you, do you see that it says "void" in three places on the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Can you explain that?

Deborah Tarasoff: When you make a photocopy, the word "void" comes up.

Christopher Conroy: So, the check itself was not void, but when you photocopy it, that's what happens?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Okay.

Christopher Conroy: Now, I just want to -- you could take the check itself down.

Christopher Conroy: We talked a little bit earlier about how you would prepare checks to be signed. So, was this entire document presented to whoever was going to be signing the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And it was stapled on top of the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And the invoice was the first exhibit we looked at which had your stamp on it, is that right?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: So, there would have been that, and this stapled on top?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now look at People's 37B.

Christopher Conroy: Can we just pull out the top email.

Christopher Conroy: Is -- what is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's an email from Jeff.

Christopher Conroy: To?

Deborah Tarasoff: To Allen.

Christopher Conroy: And who else?

Deborah Tarasoff: And me.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the date?

Deborah Tarasoff: March 16, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And what does it say?

Deborah Tarasoff: It says: "Deb, please pay. Post to same G/L as last month. Thanks, Jeff."

Christopher Conroy: What does that all mean to you?

Deborah Tarasoff: I do the same thing as I did the month before.

Christopher Conroy: This is another -- can I call it an approval email?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And based on getting this email, you undertake the process we talked about with respect to Exhibits 1 through 4?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if you could pull up People's 5.

Christopher Conroy: If you could just blow up the top email and enough of it so that the whole stamp is visible. Actually, if you could take that down. If you could go to the middle email and blow that up.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the same email that we were just looking at?

Deborah Tarasoff: It does look like it, yes.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if you could blow up the top part of the exhibit again.

Christopher Conroy: What -- is this an email -- do you respond to Mr. McConney when he says, "Please pay"?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What do you say?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Sure. Will do."

Christopher Conroy: What does the stamp on the right side of the page as you look at it indicate?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's my stamp again.

Christopher Conroy: So, does that indicate that you said "Will do", and then you did?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And, again, the information in that stamp, what entity is going to be paying this?

Deborah Tarasoff: DJTREV.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: What's the General Ledger code?

Deborah Tarasoff: Legal expense.

Christopher Conroy: What was the voucher number that this is associated with?

Deborah Tarasoff: The voucher number is 846907.

Christopher Conroy: If we could take that down. If you could pull up People's 6.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just blow up -- if you can, blow up the whole screen, less the blank part of the page.

Christopher Conroy: Can you read that, Ms. Tarasoff?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I can.

Christopher Conroy: What's the voucher number on this voucher?

Deborah Tarasoff: 846907

Christopher Conroy: And the entity that's going to be paying?

Deborah Tarasoff: DJTREV.

Christopher Conroy: Who is going to be paid?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: In what amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: What is the ledger distribution description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Legal expense.

Christopher Conroy: The account this money is coming -- or the General Ledger code this is being coded to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Legal expense.

Christopher Conroy: And that's the 51505?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If you look on the left side, as you're looking at it, do you see an invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the invoice description here?

Deborah Tarasoff: I put: "Retainer for March."

Christopher Conroy: Of 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And, again, at the bottom, you see that it was created by you?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Is there a check number on there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the check number here?

Deborah Tarasoff: 147

Christopher Conroy: And that check number will -- should correlate to the check that's generated to pay this invoice, is that right?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up what's in evidence as People's 7.

Christopher Conroy: And what is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: A copy of a check.

Christopher Conroy: And, if we could blow up one of the stubs.

Christopher Conroy: And who -- what account is this coming from or is this check related to?

Deborah Tarasoff: DJTREV.

Christopher Conroy: Who is going to be receiving this check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's the description?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer for March, 2017."

Christopher Conroy: And the invoice amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And is there a check number on the stub?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What is it?

Deborah Tarasoff: 147

Christopher Conroy: If we can go down and blow up the check itself.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount on this check?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: Is it made out to Michael Cohen?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recognize the signatures on this check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signatures are those?

Deborah Tarasoff: The top one is Donald Trump, Junior. The bottom one is Allen Weisselberg.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: We can take that down. If you could pull up People's 37C.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just blow up the top part of that.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, is that an email to you?

Deborah Tarasoff: Looks like it.

Christopher Conroy: Who is it from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Jeff McConney.

Christopher Conroy: What's the date?

Deborah Tarasoff: March 13, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And what does the body of the email say?

Deborah Tarasoff: It says: "Please pay."

Christopher Conroy: We could take that down.

Christopher Conroy: What date did you --

Deborah Tarasoff: It says April 13, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: We can take that down and go to Page 2.

Christopher Conroy: Page 3.

Christopher Conroy: If you could blow up the part with the writing on it.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, what is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's an invoice.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the invoice that was attached to the email we just looked at?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is it an invoice from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: For what amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And what does it say the $35,000 is for?

Deborah Tarasoff: The Retainer Agreement.

Christopher Conroy: For?

Deborah Tarasoff: The month of April, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: For services rendered for the month of April?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: We can take that down. You could put up People's 8.

Christopher Conroy: Is this that same invoice with one difference?

Deborah Tarasoff: [No response.]

Christopher Conroy: Does it have your stamp on it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Again, you put the stamp on there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And you wrote in the information contained in there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Now, what account is this coming from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Now it's coming from Mr. Trump, personally.

Christopher Conroy: How can you tell that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Because I wrote "DJT".

Christopher Conroy: That's instead of "DJTREV". So, essentially, the entity code, you switched the code from the Revocable Trust to the Trump account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Is it the same dollar amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And the same General Ledger code, 51505?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: We can take that down. If we could pull up People's 9.

Christopher Conroy: Again, blow up the -- that's perfect. Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: Now, is this another MDS voucher?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: What's the voucher number?

Deborah Tarasoff: 858770

Christopher Conroy: Now, if you look at "company", just below that, what's the company?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: Okay. The name of the company is Donald J. Trump?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: So, this month, it switched from the Revocable Trust to Mr. Trump?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the payee?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And if you look at ledger distributions, what's the description there?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer, April, 2017."

Christopher Conroy: Sorry. That was the invoice description, right?

Deborah Tarasoff: Oh, yes.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, because that was going to be next. Then, can you go to the other side of the page, ledger distribution.

Deborah Tarasoff: Oh. I'm sorry. It's legal expense. 51505.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: What's the check number on this?

Deborah Tarasoff: 2740

Christopher Conroy: Now, if we could pull up People's 10. Again, just looking at one of the stubs.

Christopher Conroy: What is the account that this check is being drawn off of?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's coming out of Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: Who's the payee?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the description?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer for April, 2017."

Christopher Conroy: And the invoice amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: Now, I want you to look directly below that. Do you see check date?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the check date?

Deborah Tarasoff: June 19, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: Now, do you recall why the April check ended up with a June 19th check date?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up what's in evidence as People's 41.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just blow up the top portion of that page.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recognize what that is?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes. It's a copy of -- a notice saying that I voided the check.

Christopher Conroy: What month was that check voided for?

Deborah Tarasoff: I voided it in June.

Christopher Conroy: I'm sorry. What was the check date?

Deborah Tarasoff: Oh. The check date was April 18, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: Does that refresh your memory that the April check was lost?

Deborah Tarasoff: It was probably lost, yes.

Christopher Conroy: And then reissued?

Deborah Tarasoff: Reissued.

Christopher Conroy: If we could go to Page 2 of this exhibit.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you. Can we blow up the top portion of this?

Christopher Conroy: Can you tell us what this is?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's a copy of the Stop Payment Report that we get from the bank.

Christopher Conroy: Is that something that you do as a routine matter when you lose a check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes. When we put a stop, you get this confirmation.

Christopher Conroy: And when you get the confirmation, you put that in the file?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And is this for that check that was dated in April?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: We can take that down.

Christopher Conroy: Does that refresh your memory that that April check was lost and then reissued later on in June?

Deborah Tarasoff: Should have been, yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 37D.

Christopher Conroy: Just blow up the top portion.

Christopher Conroy: Is this another email from Mr. McConney to you?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the date on this?

Deborah Tarasoff: May 22, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: Does it have an attachment, from what you can see there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the body of the email?

Deborah Tarasoff: The body of the email says: "Deb, please pay."

Christopher Conroy: Is this another approval email?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 11.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the invoice for May attached to that email?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Does it have your approval stamp on it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Or your Accounts Payable stamp? Excuse me.

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who sent this invoice in?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What is the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And is this for services rendered in May of 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Which account is this from?

Deborah Tarasoff: From Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the General Ledger code assigned to it?

Deborah Tarasoff: 51505, legal expense.

Christopher Conroy: We could take that down. Pull up People's 12.

Christopher Conroy: Now, is this the MDS voucher related to that invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Does it have the invoice description in there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Retainer for May, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And this is being drawn from which account?

Deborah Tarasoff: From Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And paid to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: We could pull up People's 13 in evidence.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the stub related to the check that was generated?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the payee?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount of the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: The description?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer, May 2017."

Christopher Conroy: And the account that it's being drawn from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: If we can just look at the check itself.

Christopher Conroy: At the top left, do you see the name of the account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the name on the account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Donald J. Trump.

Christopher Conroy: And the check amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: Who is it being paid to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And do you see a signature there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recognize that signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signature is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: Now, did you, every month for the rest of the year, cut a check to Michael Cohen for $35,000?

Deborah Tarasoff: If I got an invoice, approved invoice, yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 37E.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just blow up the top email.

Christopher Conroy: In looking at that, can you read the body of the email to us?

Deborah Tarasoff: It says: "Deb, please pay June and put a stop on the 4/13/2017 check number 2639 cut out of DJT and replace it. Any questions, please call me. Thanks, Jeff."

Christopher Conroy: That is an email to you?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: From Mr. McConney?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Is that another approval email?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Does that also help explain what happened to the April check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the date of this email?

Deborah Tarasoff: June 16, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 15.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the MDS voucher associated with the invoice for June?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And does it have the information that you entered into the MDS system?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 16.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just take a look at the check.

Christopher Conroy: What account is this drawn on?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: Who is being paid?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: How much?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize the signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signature is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you. You can take that down. Now, if we could pull up People's 17.

Christopher Conroy: Can we blow up sort of the middle portion of that.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recognize what this is?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's an email, an invoice.

Christopher Conroy: An invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Uh-huh.

Christopher Conroy: Do you know what month it relates to?

Deborah Tarasoff: July.

Christopher Conroy: And who is the invoice from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Um, Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: Who did he send that to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Allen Weisselberg.

Christopher Conroy: Whose handwriting is that at the bottom? Do you know?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mine.

Christopher Conroy: What does it say?

Deborah Tarasoff: It says: "Pay same amount per Allen and Jeff."

Christopher Conroy: What does that mean?

Deborah Tarasoff: Let's look at the invoice there. It may not have the amount.

Christopher Conroy: Can we go --

Deborah Tarasoff: It doesn't have the amount, so I asked what amount I should I pay.

Christopher Conroy: When you say "same amount", what did that mean to you?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: So, the same amount that you've been paying January, February, March, April, May, June?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Is that your stamp again on this invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: We can take that down. Sorry. Could you put that back up for one second?

Christopher Conroy: And was this invoice for services rendered in the month of July?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you. You can take that down.

Christopher Conroy: Did you enter the information from the invoice into the MDS system the way you usually do?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just pull up People's 18.

Christopher Conroy: Just blow up the top portion.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the MDS voucher that relates to that invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If you look in the invoice description, what does it say?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer, July 2017."

Christopher Conroy: And, if we could pull up what is in evidence as People's 19.

Christopher Conroy: If you could just blow up the check.

Christopher Conroy: Which account is this being drawn on?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And the money is going to who?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: The amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize the signature on this?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signature is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: And if you can take down just the blow-up for a moment.

Christopher Conroy: And, just to remind us, so this document would have been stapled to that invoice and presented for signature, is that how you did it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if we could go to People's 20.

Christopher Conroy: Do you recognize this?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And what is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's another invoice.

Christopher Conroy: For what month?

Deborah Tarasoff: Looks like August.

Christopher Conroy: And, again, is it for Michael Cohen?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And is it for services rendered that month?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Does it have an amount in the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: I don't see it on this part. No. No.

Christopher Conroy: Is that your stamp down below?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Based on that stamp, do you believe that you got an approval email for this invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the amount written in there?

Deborah Tarasoff: 35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the entity?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the General Ledger code here?

Deborah Tarasoff: 51505. Legal.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 21.

Christopher Conroy: Just blow up the top portion.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the MDS voucher associated with that invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If you look at the invoice description, what does it say?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Retainer for August, 2017."

Christopher Conroy: What account is this payment going to be drawn from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And what amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: Could you pull up People's 22?

Christopher Conroy: Is this the check generated from that voucher?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Who is it paid to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: From what account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's account.

Christopher Conroy: The amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize that signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signature is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: Judge, would this be a right time for a break?

Juan Merchan: Yes, I think so. Jurors, let's take our afternoon recess.

Court Officer: All rise.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are excused.]

Juan Merchan: You can step down, Ms. Tarasoff.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky relieves Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Juan Merchan: Let's get the witness, please.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, Deborah Tarasoff, enters the courtroom and resumed the witness stand.]

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury, please.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Conroy.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, Judge.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Christopher Conroy.]

Christopher Conroy: I think as we were walking through those exhibits, I missed one.

Christopher Conroy: So if we could pull up People's 14.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize what this is?

Christopher Conroy: And can we put that up for everybody.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: Ms. Tarasoff, what is this?

Deborah Tarasoff: That looks like another invoice. Can you make it a little bit bigger?

Christopher Conroy: Sure.

Christopher Conroy: Can we blow up the middle portion.

Note: [Displayed]

Deborah Tarasoff: That's enough. Thank you. It's another invoice.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the date on it?

Deborah Tarasoff: June 16th, 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And can you just read what it says under "Dear Allen?"

Deborah Tarasoff: "Pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of May 2017 and June 2017. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Christopher Conroy: And is that another invoice that you processed, and we already discussed the other documents related to it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could pull up People's 24.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: I'm sorry.

Christopher Conroy: Can we do People's 23 first.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And, Ms. Tarasoff --

Christopher Conroy: If we could blow up just the middle portion of this.

Note: [Displayed]

Deborah Tarasoff: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the months of August and September 2017. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Christopher Conroy: And if you could take down the blow-up.

Christopher Conroy: And do you see the Accounts Payable stamp there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Did you put that stamp there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And what account did this come from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if we could pull up People's 24.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And if we could just pull out the top part.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: Who is the entity paying?

Deborah Tarasoff: The entity is Donald Trump.

Christopher Conroy: And the invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Retainer, September 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And I'm not sure I've asked you this, how does a check get generated once you put this information into your MDS system and this voucher is created?

Deborah Tarasoff: A printer prints it out.

Christopher Conroy: And how does that -- do you have to hit a button or something?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: So, whenever you're ready for it, there is a way --

Deborah Tarasoff: I schedule it.

Christopher Conroy: You can schedule it through the MDS system and it --

Deborah Tarasoff: Prints it out.

Christopher Conroy: -- prints it out.

Christopher Conroy: And if we could pull up People's 25.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And is this what the check prints out on?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Obviously, without the signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: If we could just blow up the check itself.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: What account is this drawn on?

Deborah Tarasoff: From Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And who is it going to be paid to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: The amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize that signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose is it?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now pull up People's 26. And, again, if we could just blow up just the top part first.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And is this another invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Would you just read the body of the invoice for us?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of October 2017. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Christopher Conroy: And if you take down just the blow-up.

Christopher Conroy: Is that your Accounts Payable stamp?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Could we pull up what's in evidence as People's 27.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And is this the MDS voucher associated with that invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Retainer, October 2017.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount of the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And what account is this going to be drawn from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: And if we could now pull up People's 28.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And if you could just blow up the check. Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the account holder?

Deborah Tarasoff: Donald Trump.

Christopher Conroy: The person receiving the money?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the check amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize that signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signature is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now pull up what's in evidence as People's 29.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize -- is this another invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: For what month?

Deborah Tarasoff: November.

Christopher Conroy: Of 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And can you just read us the body of the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of November 2017. Thank you, Michael Cohen."

Christopher Conroy: Thank you.

Christopher Conroy: And if you could just take down the blow-up.

Christopher Conroy: And is that, again, the Accounts Payable stamp?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And did you put that on there?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And is that your handwriting?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And if we could pull up People's 30.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: You are way ahead of me.

Christopher Conroy: Is this the MDS voucher associated with that invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And what's the invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Retainer, November 2017.

Christopher Conroy: What account is this coming from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And who is the payee?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: If we could now pull up what's in evidence as People's 31.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And if you could just blow up the check portion.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: What account is this coming from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: Who is it going to?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: Who signs the check?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump.

Christopher Conroy: If you could just take down the blow-up.

Christopher Conroy: And if I could just ask, again, so this is the document that you would staple to the invoice to send out for signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Now, if we could go to People's 32.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize this?

Deborah Tarasoff: It's another invoice.

Christopher Conroy: And can you just blow up the middle portion.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And could you read us the body of the invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: "Dear Allen, pursuant to the Retainer Agreement, kindly remit payment for services rendered for the month of December 2017. Thank you. Michael Cohen."

Christopher Conroy: And could you pull up People's 33.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: Is this the MDS voucher associated with that invoice?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: And that's for December 2017?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: Which account is this coming from?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's personal account.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the employee?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the invoice description?

Deborah Tarasoff: Retainer, December of 2017.

Christopher Conroy: And what is the check number?

Deborah Tarasoff: 3006

Christopher Conroy: And the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And if we could pull up People's 34.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: And if we could just blow up the check.

Note: [Displayed]

Christopher Conroy: Do you see the check number on here?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Christopher Conroy: What's the check number?

Deborah Tarasoff: 3006

Christopher Conroy: And is this, again, from the DJT account?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, it is.

Christopher Conroy: Who is the recipient of the money?

Deborah Tarasoff: Michael Cohen.

Christopher Conroy: What's the amount?

Deborah Tarasoff: $35,000.

Christopher Conroy: And do you recognize that signature?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, I do.

Christopher Conroy: Whose signature is that?

Deborah Tarasoff: Mr. Trump's.

Christopher Conroy: Just one moment, please, Judge.

Christopher Conroy: Thank you, Judge. I have nothing further.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Blanche.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Good afternoon, Ms. Tarasoff. How are you?

Deborah Tarasoff: All right. How are you?

Todd Blanche: I'm good. We have never met before, have we?

Deborah Tarasoff: No.

Todd Blanche: You testified a little bit about your work for The Trump Organization since 2000. Would you describe it as a family business?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you work with -- you mentioned Eric Trump over the years, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Don, Junior over the years?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes, uh-huh.

Todd Blanche: How about Ivanka Trump?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you were asked some questions focusing on the 2016/2017 time frame. Do you remember those questions?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And I believe you said that, for many years, President Trump was around a lot. He was at Trump Tower a lot. Did it change when he was running for President?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: He was around less?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And then, obviously, when he was elected President, there was a time in between the election and the time he went to Washington D.C., correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And he was focused, at that point, on getting ready to be President?

Deborah Tarasoff: I think so.

Todd Blanche: And then, obviously -- and you said this. But then, once in January, he left, and was in Washington, D.C. for four years, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you testified about the process that worked for many years with Ms. Graff, where you would take a check with an invoice to President Trump, and then you would get it back at some point, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And sometimes the check wasn't signed?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And that happened, but, the checks that we just went through for the past hour and a half, except for the one that was cancelled, none of those were voided out by President Trump, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But, you don't know what President Trump did at the White House or wherever he was when he signed those checks, right? He wasn't in New York for those, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And so, you described the process where they would be Federal Expressed, as far as you know?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: But, that's really all you know about that process, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And I believe you testified about President Trump himself, you did not interact with him a lot over the years, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And did you and your boss -- it sounded like they varied a little bit, but in 2016 and 2017, it was Mr. McConney?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Mr. Weisselberg?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And so, when we saw the back and forth with the emails a few minutes ago, where Mr. McConney would say, Hey, "Deb, please pay," that was what happened all the time, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And the same thing at times with Mr. Weisselberg?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So, you didn't have authority to cut a check on your own, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: So -- but, is it fair to say that when you testified, that you believed or you thought that Mr. Weisselberg and President Trump talked a lot, you weren't present for those conversations, right?

Deborah Tarasoff: Right.

Todd Blanche: So, when Mr. Weisselberg, on some of the emails that we saw or Mr. McConney told you to go ahead and pay it, generate a check, you didn't get permission from President Trump himself, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: And you understood that when you were told to do that by Mr. Weisselberg or by Mr. McConney, it was approved and you did it, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Now, there were a fair number of questions about the cancelled check, so putting that one aside for a moment, the rest of the checks that you generated, at the time or even now, you have no reason to believe there was anything wrong with doing that, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: That's right.

Todd Blanche: You knew Mr. Cohen when he worked for The Trump Organization, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And you saw emails after he left, saying that he was the personal attorney to President Trump?

Deborah Tarasoff: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And during the time working for President Trump, which sounds like it was a long time, and there were a couple of years when he was President when you weren't working for him directly, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: But, the time prior to that, you never had any reason to believe that President Trump was hiding anything or anything like that, correct?

Deborah Tarasoff: Correct.

Todd Blanche: If I may just have one more moment.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, Ms. Tarasoff. I have no further questions.

Christopher Conroy: Just one moment.

Christopher Conroy: Nothing further. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, Ms. Tarasoff. You can step down.

Deborah Tarasoff: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, please approach.

Juan Merchan: Do you have any more witnesses for today?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes. We can recall Georgia Longstreet-Joseph and do some more with her that we didn't get to do on Friday.

Todd Blanche: We object to that, your Honor. We object to recalling this witness. I mean, we didn't even know she was a witness until last Wednesday. Last Wednesday afternoon, we were informed that she was a witness, and we were given a certain number of exhibits that she was going to be offering. We, obviously, spent time preparing not only objections, but we were also preparing for cross.

Todd Blanche: She testified on Friday morning. We crossed her. She admitted exhibits. And then at the next sidebar, they said: We're going to recall her. The rules don't allow for that. I mean, it's discretionary to recall a witness, of course, but it can't just be that we can put a witness on, have us cross her, prepare a witness --

Juan Merchan: We can excuse the jury for the day, and we can talk about this. I will excuse the jury for the day, and we can talk about it.

Todd Blanche: All right.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Jurors, we are going to stop a little bit early today. As I excuse you, I will ask you: Please do not talk, either among yourselves or with anyone else, about anything related to the case. Please continue to keep an open mind. Do not form or express an opinion about the defendant's guilt or innocence until all of the evidence is in, I have given you my final jury instructions on the law and I have directed you to begin your deliberations.

Juan Merchan: Do not request, accept, agree to accept or discuss with any person the receipt or acceptance of any payment or benefit in return for supplying any information concerning the trial. Report directly to me any incident within your knowledge involving an attempt by any person to improperly influence you or any member of the jury.

Juan Merchan: Do not visit or view any of the premises or locations discussed in the testimony. And do not use any program or electronic device to search for or view any location discussed in the testimony. Do not read, view or listen to any accounts or discussions about the case. That includes the reading or the listening to the reading of any transcripts of the trial or the reading of posts on the court site.

Juan Merchan: Do not attempt to research any fact, issue or law related to the case. Do not communicate with anyone about the case by any means, including by telephone, text messages, email, chat rooms, blogs, or the internet. And do not Google or search for any information about the case or the law that applies to the case or anything else involved in the case.

Juan Merchan: Have a good night, and we will see you tomorrow.

Court Officer: All rise.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. You may be seated. So, People, you would like to recall a witness?

Joshua Steinglass: That's right, Judge.

Juan Merchan: And what would you like that witness to testify to?

Joshua Steinglass: Among other things, some additional Tweets and Truths from the defendant, as well as to -- as a summary witness to go through some of the texts that were admitted as part of People's 171A. As you know, there was a lot of back and forth about that exhibit, about certain items that were redacted. We tabled it and agreed to have a summary witness read it later.

Joshua Steinglass: I would like to address counsel's arguments from the bench, but also to address some additional arguments that counsel has made -- and I don't think through any bad faith -- but it's just not true. And counsel has said this several times, that counsel has not had notice of the exhibits that we are going to use.

Joshua Steinglass: First of all, we have been designating exhibits for the last eight months periodically on a rolling basis, and with very few exceptions, had designated all of our exhibits by March 15th. The Court had a request from the People to extend, and you extended that deadline over the defendant's objection to March 25th, and we served a few additional exhibits.

Joshua Steinglass: But it's not like this is the first time that these exhibits have been brought to counsels' attention. Second of all, before the trial started, we provided redacted versions of all of the exhibits we intended to introduce at trial, as well as an exhibit list. On April 11th, we had a lengthy conversation with counsel in which we listed precisely which Trump Organization-produced exhibits we would be seeking to introduce.

Joshua Steinglass: And we did that because we were discussing the potential -- a potential stipulation that didn't end up happening. But, these exhibits have been designated for a very long time, so I don't think counsel is intentionally misleading the Court to say that, you know, they just found out yesterday that these exhibits were going to be admitted.

Joshua Steinglass: What we have been doing is notifying counsel the day before who the witness -- who the next day's witnesses are going to be. The reason for this, as we've made clear, is because the defendant has been violating the Order, restricting extrajudicial speech. And we did not want to have the witnesses' names, the next witnesses' names out there.

Joshua Steinglass: The defense has our witness list, has had it for months. That list includes Ms. Longstreet, who testified on Friday, and all of the witnesses who will be testifying at the trial. I'm saying this because I don't like the impression being left that we are somehow sandbagging the defense by telling them the day before who our witnesses are or what our exhibits are.

Joshua Steinglass: They may not be finding out the order of which we're going to be calling these witnesses or introducing these exhibits. But, they have had the entire witness list and the exhibit list for a very long time. Getting back to your Honor's question about Ms. Longstreet. We called her on Friday. As you remember, and let me just first say that, of course, the Court has inherent authority to control the order and the mechanics of witness examination during the trial.

Joshua Steinglass: As you know, we learned Thursday that a juror had a medical appointment or issue that required early departure on Friday. There were certain aspects of Ms. Longstreet's testimony that needed to come in before Hope Hicks could testify. And so, we called her and truncated her direct examination so that we could get her off the stand and get Ms. Hicks on the stand so that we could, hopefully, finish her and not have to get her back today, because the juror had to leave.

Joshua Steinglass: And as you recall, we timed that pretty closely. I think we ended on Friday at 3:30, and the juror had to leave sometime between 3:30 and 3:45. So, shortly after, we discussed Ms. Longstreet. We notified -- we put on the record at a bench conference that we intended to recall her. I don't think that there is any remote prejudice that the defense will suffer from allowing us to recall her for these limited purposes, which, as I said, include some additional Tweets that were not relevant to Ms. Hicks' testimony, but are relevant to a subsequent witness' testimony.

Joshua Steinglass: And then to have -- really, the bulk of her testimony will involve going through the exhibit that had been the subject of a lot of back and forth about which portions were appropriate to redact. And I believe at the time that we finalized that, we indicated that we would use a summary witness to read those texts.

Juan Merchan: Mr. Blanche.

Todd Blanche: Your Honor, I'm looking at the January 29th, 2024 witness list. And I -- Ms. Longstreet is not on it. I'm happy to be told I'm wrong, but that's what I am referencing when I said that to the Court that I didn't have her name. Secondly, I did not say to the Court at sidebar that we did not the know the exhibits.

Todd Blanche: I said we did not know which exhibits the People were going to offer with respect to this witness. She's not on it. And so, the point was that when they told us included on the witness list was a custodian from the X Corp, and a custodian from Truth Social -- so, when we learned that she was going to be testifying and getting those exhibits in, as your Honor knows, we objected, and we prepared a cross based upon our understanding of what she was going to be allowed to admit.

Todd Blanche: We didn't know, like I said, her name until Wednesday afternoon. We then performed the cross, assuming those were the exhibits she was going to offer. As the Court is aware, part of the cross was that, I think the point was that of the however many thousands of social media posts she was tasked with reviewing, the witness testified to only seven or nine, whatever the numbers were that she was asked to identify and admitted in evidence.

Todd Blanche: I did not know at the time, because no one told us what was just said today, was that there was timing and scheduling issues and so they only intended to call this witness to get a few exhibits in and then they intended to recall her. That's not the way it's supposed to work. And I agree with the People that it's absolutely within your discretion under the rules, under Rule 107. But, if you look at the cases, to the extent that there are cases on this issue, the reasons given for recalling a witness, at least that I have found, do not include a summary witness who they call just to get some stuff in, not tell anybody they're going to recall them, and then after the witness leaves, the stand and say: Oh, we're going to recall her.

Juan Merchan: Let me ask you, what's the prejudice to you?

Todd Blanche: The cross itself is the prejudice, your Honor. We crossed the witness and said -- and asked her about all -- like I just said, it turns out that was totally wrong, it turns out that there are more exhibits that she was asked to offer and admit into evidence. And, again, she's doing this as an employee of the District Attorney's Office, not as a custodian of X or Truth Social.

Juan Merchan: I'm not really following. If she takes the stand and she testifies as to additional Tweets and Truths and it's a summary witness for Exhibit 171A, what is the prejudice to the defendant?

Todd Blanche: The cross-examination of her on Friday included, in part, your Honor, the fact that she was only being asked about seven to nine, after reviewing thousands of social media posts by President Trump. And I believe she said, you know, however, other folks -- she said 10 or 15 other folks. The only evidence that the People had asked her to admit and to offer and to get into evidence were the seven that were admitted.

Todd Blanche: So, it certainly doesn't help our defense that, well, that it turns out that there was a wrong amount, it turns out that there were other ones.

Juan Merchan: How many more are we talking about?

Joshua Steinglass: Three.

Juan Merchan: Three?

Todd Blanche: But, your Honor, I'm not sure why that matters, your Honor. Again --

Juan Merchan: Well, it matters.

Todd Blanche: She said that's all there was.

Juan Merchan: It matters that you are saying that there's prejudice, that somehow you look bad, that it's somehow she had looked at thousands and she only found seven. Now you are saying the prejudice is that it really wasn't the case, she's introducing more, but she's only introducing three more.

Todd Blanche: Judge, think about what we were just told, that they knew at the time, apparently on Friday, that they were only going to use this witness to get in enough exhibits to get them through Friday. If they would have said that to us, which they should have if that was their case, we could have adjusted our cross accordingly.

Todd Blanche: I -- again, it matters. We don't have any idea who the witness is tomorrow. We still don't know. We found out about this witness, found out her name on Wednesday.

Juan Merchan: Right. When do you intend to call Ms. Longstreet?

Joshua Steinglass: Well, we could have done it this afternoon, but I think we should start with a new witness who we will -- we have been, as a matter of courtesy -- we were ordered not to provide counsel with the name of the witnesses for the next day until the next afternoon. I'll do so as soon as we are off the record, give the name for the witness for tomorrow.

Joshua Steinglass: I think -- I don't think we will get to Ms. Longstreet until Thursday or Friday.

Juan Merchan: All right. Well, I would like you to give the defense 24 hours notice before you call Ms. Longstreet.

Joshua Steinglass: We can do that.

Juan Merchan: So that they can prepare. And, also, let them know the exhibits which are going to be produced so that they can prepare their cross for that.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Now, generally speaking, how are we doing on scheduling?

Joshua Steinglass: Well...

Juan Merchan: You are doing well?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Can you give me a little more than that?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes. I apologize for that, Judge. Are you asking how much longer I think it's going to be?

Juan Merchan: Very roughly.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay. I would say about two more weeks.

Juan Merchan: This week plus next week or?

Joshua Steinglass: This week plus next week and probably into the week after, but maybe only a day or two. I think there are some Fridays that we are now off that we were not originally off --

Juan Merchan: Right.

Joshua Steinglass: -- that are coming up. So, the very, very rough estimate, I would say two weeks from tomorrow, maybe.

Juan Merchan: All right. And I won't hold you to that.

Joshua Steinglass: Okay.

Juan Merchan: But, just by way of reminder, we are not meeting on the 17th. We are also not meeting on the 24th. And then Monday, the 27th, is Memorial Day.

Joshua Steinglass: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: All right. Anything else from the Defense?

Todd Blanche: No.

Juan Merchan: All right. See you tomorrow.

Note: [Whereupon, at this time, the matter was adjourned to Tuesday, May 7th, 2024 at 9:30 a.m.]