Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-testimony-new-york-business-records-hush-money-may-7-2024

Note: [Editor's note: The following transcript was provided by the New York State Unified Court System, available here: https://cqrc.al/ny-people-v-donald-j-trump. These documents were reprocessed by optical character recognition (OCR), reviewed, formatted and checked for errors by our internal A.I. systems, and reviewed by a human. However, please check against the PDFs before quoting. A searchable PDF incorporating the corrected text can be viewed or downloaded at: https://cqrc.al/trump-ny-trial-2024-05-07 for verification.]

Court Clerk: This is the People of the State of New York against Donald J. Trump, Indictment 71543 of 2023. Appearances. Starting with the People, please.

Joshua Steinglass: For the People, ADAs Joshua Steinglass, Susan Hoffinger, Becky Mangold, Matthew Colangelo, Christopher Conroy and Katherine Ellis.

Susan Necheles: Good morning, your Honor. Susan Necheles. I am here with President Trump, Todd Blanche, Emil Bove and Gedalia Stern. Good morning.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, Mr. Trump. Anything that we need to discuss?

Joshua Steinglass: I don't think so, Judge.

Juan Merchan: All right.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, just one thing. We want to renew our objection this morning to -- we are informed that the witness today, the second witness, will be Stormy Daniels -- and we want to renew our objection to her testifying, in particular, to her testifying about any details of any sexual acts. We think that this is irrelevant.

Susan Necheles: It has nothing to do with the charges in this case. And to the extent that it has any relevance, it's unduly prejudicial. And there really is no reason for it to be coming into the case about books and records here.

Juan Merchan: And when you say "details of any sexual act," what do you mean? Do you mean more than just "we had sex"?

Susan Necheles: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Okay. I will hear from the People.

Susan Hoffinger: Your Honor, this has been fully briefed by the Defense, and your Honor has ruled in your Court decision on March 18th of 2024, at Page 304. And you placed some limits on testimony regarding Karen McDougal and incidents in June, but no limits on the testimony of Stormy Daniels, obviously, recognizing that her testimony and the narrative completes the story of, you know, the events that precipitated the payoff shortly before the election.

Susan Hoffinger: The details of the encounter, your Honor, are important. The defense has opened already on her credibility and reasons for why she did what she did. They have cited money that she has made on other things. And it's important for us to establish her credibility here. So, therefore, the details are important.

Susan Hoffinger: We have been careful, your Honor, to omit certain details that might be too salacious. We can, at some point, if you would like, list the things that we are omitting, although I don't think that it's necessary for me to do that in open court. But the general details of what occurred, including the sex act, barring certain details that are unnecessary, are a significant part of the story, but also very important for us in terms of her credibility.

Juan Merchan: So when you say that some details are necessary, can you give me a sense of what you have in mind?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes. I mean, the details will be how she ended up having a sexual encounter with him. Obviously, there will be -- we will elicit the conversation that occurred in the hotel room, at the defendant's hotel room. I think the full conversation is very, very important. How she even ended up having a sexual act with him, and then in terms of the sexual act, it will be just very basic.

Susan Hoffinger: It's not going to involve any descriptions of genitalia or anything of that nature. But -- but it's important for us to elicit how she came to have sex with him and how she felt about it at the time.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, I understand that you ruled before already, but we are in a different place now. You have seen the evidence in this case, and you have seen where it is. And there is just no need for those kind of details here. You know, there is a real question about the credibility of this woman. And she signed letters saying she didn't do this, and obviously that's an area for cross, but I don't think it's needed in this case.

Susan Necheles: You know, this case is a case about books and records and we shouldn't be getting into how she felt about it. What happened in the room, really --

Juan Merchan: Well, I don't know that Ms. Hoffinger said that. I'm satisfied with the representations that Ms. Hoffinger has made. She has indicated that they don't need to go into any details about the sexual act itself.

Susan Hoffinger: Well, your Honor, there will be some details about the sexual act, very brief, very brief. We have to elicit that they did have intercourse, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Well, that's fine.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Juan Merchan: But we don't need to know the details of the intercourse.

Susan Hoffinger: That's correct. I agree with you that she has got credibility issues, right, and, therefore, I think that makes it all the more important for the People to establish her credibility by eliciting certain background information about the events that led to that encounter. So I will allow that, based on the representations that the People have made.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: All right. People, please call your next witness.

Rebecca Mangold: Your Honor, your Honor --

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury first, yes. That's the third time.

Court Officer: All rise. Jury entering.

Juan Merchan: You may all be seated.

Court Clerk: Do both parties stipulate that all jurors are present and properly seated?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Yes.

Juan Merchan: All right.

Court Clerk: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Good morning, jurors. Welcome back. People, your next witness.

Rebecca Mangold: The People call Sally Franklin.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, Sally Franklin, enters the courtroom and steps up to the witness stand.]

Court Officer: Step right over to this officer.

Sally Franklin: Good morning.

Court Officer: Raise your right hand and face the court clerk.

Note: [S-A-L-L-Y F-R-A-N-K-L-I-N, a witness called on behalf of the People, having been first duly sworn was examined and testified as follows.]

Court Clerk: Thank you.

Court Officer: Have a seat, please. Pull your chair up close to the microphone. All the way up. State your full name. Spelling your last name.

Sally Franklin: Sally Franklin. F-R-A-N-K-L-I-N.

Court Officer: Give us your county of residence, please.

Sally Franklin: Westchester County, New York.

Juan Merchan: Good morning. You may inquire.

Rebecca Mangold: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Direct examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Good morning, Ms. Franklin.

Sally Franklin: Good morning.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, can you tell the jury where you work?

Sally Franklin: Penguin Random House.

Rebecca Mangold: What kind of company is Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: We publish books.

Rebecca Mangold: How long have you worked in the publishing industry?

Sally Franklin: For 26 years.

Rebecca Mangold: How long have you worked at Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: For 11 years.

Rebecca Mangold: What is your current position there?

Sally Franklin: Senior Vice President and Executive Managing Editor for the Random House Publishing Group.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you explain to the jury what the Random House Publishing Group is?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It is a -- it is a division in Penguin Random House that comprises about 20 imprints. And imprints are like brands of books.

Rebecca Mangold: Are you familiar with something called Ballantine Books?

Sally Franklin: Yes, I am. That is one of our imprints.

Rebecca Mangold: Have you testified in a legal proceeding before?

Sally Franklin: No.

Rebecca Mangold: This is your first time today?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Do you understand that you are testifying today as a custodian of records for Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: I do.

Rebecca Mangold: Is Penguin Random House testifying voluntarily or was the company compelled to testify personally through a subpoena?

Sally Franklin: Compelled.

Rebecca Mangold: And does Penguin Random House have counsel?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is counsel here today in the courtroom?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: As a Senior Vice President and Executive Managing Editor of the Random House Publishing Group, are you familiar with the company's publishing processes?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Does Penguin Random House work with its authors during different stages of the publishing process?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Are there points in Random House's publishing process when authors sign off on various aspects of their books?

Sally Franklin: Yes, they have approval.

Rebecca Mangold: And does one thing that authors have approval over is the cover decision for their books?

Sally Franklin: That is correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Do they also approve the content of the books?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is that called a manuscript?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there anything -- is a manuscript ever printed without the author's approval?

Sally Franklin: No.

Rebecca Mangold: Are you familiar with the book entitled "Trump: How To Get Rich?"

Sally Franklin: Yes, I am.

Rebecca Mangold: What is that?

Sally Franklin: It is a book that we published about 20 years ago.

Rebecca Mangold: Does it -- was it published under the Ballantine Books imprint?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you obtain a copy of the book printed by Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: How did you obtain that?

Sally Franklin: I ordered it directly from the warehouse, publishing warehouse.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you order it the way that a member of the public would order it?

Sally Franklin: No. I did it through our company's website with a special way to get it directly from the warehouse.

Rebecca Mangold: And that's just for Penguin Random House employees?

Sally Franklin: That's correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Was it delivered to you directly from the warehouse?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Are you familiar with another book, this one entitled "Trump: Think Like a Billionaire, Everything You Need to Know About Success, Real Estate and Life?"

Sally Franklin: Yes, I am.

Rebecca Mangold: What is that?

Sally Franklin: That is another book we published about 20 years ago from Ballantine.

Rebecca Mangold: And before testifying today, did you obtain a copy of that book as printed by Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: And how did you obtain that book?

Sally Franklin: The same way. I ordered it from the warehouse.

Rebecca Mangold: And that was through the employee website?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And it was delivered to you directly from the warehouse?

Sally Franklin: Correct.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you have an opportunity to review files marked for identification as People's Exhibits 413 and 414?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Did that include People's Exhibits 413A through E?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And did that also include what has been marked for identification as People's Exhibits 414A through D?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Is Exhibit 413 for identification a set of excerpts from the book entitled "Trump: How To Get Rich?"

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Do some of the passages -- I'm sorry. Withdrawn. Do some of the pages in the exhibits contain redactions?

Sally Franklin: Yes, they do.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you have an opportunity to compare People's Exhibit 413 with a copy of the book that you obtained directly from Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Other than the redactions, are the exhibits exact copies of portions of the publisher's version of the book?

Sally Franklin: Yes, they are.

Rebecca Mangold: And is Exhibit 414 for identification a set of excerpts from the book entitled "Trump: Think Like a Billionaire, Everything You Need to Know About Success, Real Estate and Life?"

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Do some of the pages of those exhibits contain redactions?

Sally Franklin: Yes, they do.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you have an opportunity to compare People's Exhibits 414 for identification with a copy of the book that you obtained directly from Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Other than the redactions, are the exhibits exact copies of the portions of the publisher's version of the book?

Sally Franklin: They are.

Rebecca Mangold: The People now offer People's Exhibits 413, including 413A through E, and People's Exhibits 414, including 414 A through D, into evidence.

Juan Merchan: Any objections?

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: People's 413A through E and 414A through D are accepted into evidence.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: So, can we show the jury and everyone what is now in evidence as People's Exhibit 413.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Ms. Franklin, do you recognize this?

Sally Franklin: I do. It's the cover of the book.

Rebecca Mangold: And which book is it the cover of?

Sally Franklin: "Trump: How To Get Rich."

Rebecca Mangold: And what does it say under the title of the book?

Sally Franklin: "Big Deals From the Star of The Apprentice."

Rebecca Mangold: Who is the author of this book?

Sally Franklin: Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: And does it list a name under Donald J. Trump?

Sally Franklin: Yes, it does. It lists Meredith McIver.

Rebecca Mangold: And does it say "with Meredith McIver?"

Sally Franklin: Yes, it does.

Rebecca Mangold: What does the "with" mean there?

Sally Franklin: That means that she helped write the book. Donald J. Trump is the primary author. Meredith McIver helped.

Rebecca Mangold: And looking now at the cover design for the book, is there a cover photo on the book?

Sally Franklin: I'm sorry, is there a cover photo?

Rebecca Mangold: I'm sorry. Is there a cover photo for the cover of the book?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What's depicted in the cover photo?

Sally Franklin: Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: And what's the largest word on the cover?

Sally Franklin: "Trump."

Rebecca Mangold: And what percentage of the cover is the word "Trump"?

Sally Franklin: It looks about roughly 30 percent to me.

Rebecca Mangold: How many times does the word "Trump" appear on the cover of this book?

Sally Franklin: Three times.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to the following page of the PDF.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you know what this is?

Sally Franklin: Yes. This is the title page.

Rebecca Mangold: And this is the internal title page for the book?

Sally Franklin: Correct.

Rebecca Mangold: And, again, what percentage of the page is the word "Trump"?

Sally Franklin: It looks to me like it's about 25 percent, 20 percent.

Rebecca Mangold: And is the imprint for the book shown on this page?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It's Ballantine Books.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to the following page.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this?

Sally Franklin: Yes. This is the copyright page for the book.

Rebecca Mangold: And does it also show the publication information for the book?

Sally Franklin: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell what year this book was first published?

Sally Franklin: Yes. This book was first published in 2004.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you tell what year this edition was published?

Sally Franklin: Yes. 2004.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there copyright notice on the page?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It's copyright by Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there anybody else listed next to the copyright?

Sally Franklin: No, there is not.

Rebecca Mangold: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we please show the jury what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 413A.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: What is this?

Sally Franklin: This is a page from the text, Page 3 from the interior of the book.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there a title on this page?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It is "Be A General."

Rebecca Mangold: And can you read the unredacted portion of the text?

Sally Franklin: Yes. "I am the Chairman and President of The Trump Organization. I like saying that because it means a great deal to me."

Rebecca Mangold: And is there -- are there words on the very bottom of the page above the page number?

Sally Franklin: Yes. They say "The Donald J. Trump School of Business and Management."

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 413B.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another excerpt from the same book?

Sally Franklin: Yes. Page 71.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you please read the title shown on this page?

Sally Franklin: "Pay Attention to the Details."

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read the unredacted portion of the page.

Sally Franklin: "If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, down to the paper clips, you're setting yourself up for some unwelcome surprises."

Rebecca Mangold: And, again, are there, in smaller letters above the page numbers, is there something written there?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It says, "Your Personal Apprenticeship, Career Advice From The Donald."

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to what's in evidence as 413C.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another excerpt from the same book?

Sally Franklin: Yes. Page 162.

Rebecca Mangold: And what is the title of this, on this page?

Sally Franklin: "Sometimes You Still Have To Screw Them."

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read the unredacted portion of this excerpt?

Sally Franklin: "For many years I've said that if someone screws you, screw them back. When somebody hurts you, you just go after them as viciously and as violently as you can. Like it says in the Bible, an eye for an eye."

Rebecca Mangold: Now, can we please display for the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 413D.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another excerpt from the same book?

Sally Franklin: Yes. Page 203.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read the unredacted portion of this page to the jury.

Sally Franklin: "3:00 p.m. Allen Weisselberg, my CFO, comes in for a meeting. He's been with me for thirty years and keeps a handle on everything, which is not an easy job. He runs things beautifully. His team is tight and fast, and so are our meetings."

Rebecca Mangold: And what does it say in the small lettering above the page number?

Sally Franklin: "The Trump Lifestyle."

Rebecca Mangold: And, next, can we turn to what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 413E.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another excerpt from the book "Trump: How To Get Rich?"

Sally Franklin: Yes. Page 267.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read the unredacted portion of this page?

Sally Franklin: "All the women on The Apprentice flirted with me -- consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected. A sexual dynamic is always present between people, unless you are asexual."

Rebecca Mangold: And what does it say in the small letters at the bottom of the page?

Sally Franklin: "Inside The Apprentice."

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now show the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 414.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Do you recognize this?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It's the cover of "Think Like a Billionaire."

Rebecca Mangold: Is that the full title?

Sally Franklin: The full title is "Trump: Think Like a Billionaire. Everything You Need to Know About Success, Real Estate and Life."

Rebecca Mangold: Who is the author?

Sally Franklin: Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: Is there another name listed under his?

Sally Franklin: Yes. That's with Meredith McIver.

Rebecca Mangold: And, again, what does "with" indicate here?

Sally Franklin: It means that their -- they have helped. They have helped the primary author with the book.

Rebecca Mangold: And is there a picture of somebody on the cover of the book?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It's Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: Is anybody else shown on the cover of the book?

Sally Franklin: No.

Rebecca Mangold: And in terms of cover design, what is the word -- the largest font on this page?

Sally Franklin: "Trump."

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to the next page. Is this the title page of the same book?

Note: [Displayed]

Sally Franklin: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: And does it show that it was printed by the Ballantine Books imprint?

Sally Franklin: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to the following page. Do you recognize this?

Sally Franklin: Yes, I do. It's the copyright page.

Rebecca Mangold: And does this also show the publishing information?

Sally Franklin: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you tell what year this book was first published?

Sally Franklin: It was first published in hard cover in 2004.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you tell what year this edition was published?

Sally Franklin: Yes. 2005.

Rebecca Mangold: And was -- does this also show the ultimate publisher of the book?

Sally Franklin: Yes. Ballantine.

Rebecca Mangold: And is there copyright on this page?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It's copyright by Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: Are there any other names next to the copyright?

Sally Franklin: No, there are not.

Rebecca Mangold: Turning now to what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 414A.

Rebecca Mangold: Displaying that for the jury.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this an excerpt of that same book?

Sally Franklin: It is. Page 41.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you please read the unredacted portion of this page?

Sally Franklin: "When you are working with a decorator, make sure you ask to see all of the invoices. Decorators are, by nature, honest people, but you should be double-checking regardless."

Rebecca Mangold: Now, turning to what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 414B.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please scroll through the pages of this exhibit for the jury.

Rebecca Mangold: Ms. Franklin, is this a three-page -- does this show three pages of the same book, "How To Be A Billionaire"?

Sally Franklin: Yes. Pages 63 through 65.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you -- what is the -- is this one chapter of the book?

Sally Franklin: Yes, it is.

Rebecca Mangold: What's the title of this chapter?

Sally Franklin: "How To Pinch Pennies."

Rebecca Mangold: And can you please read the unredacted portions of this exhibit?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: I will blow that up for you if it's too small.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we make it bigger?

Sally Franklin: It's fine for me. Umm, okay. "When Spy Magazine started years ago, they decided to do a 'Who is the Cheapest Millionaire?' Test. They sent checks in the amounts from fifty cents to five dollars to a list of millionaires throughout the country. I received a check for fifty cents, and we at The Trump Organization deposited it. They may call that cheap, I call it watching the bottom line." "Every dollar counts in business, and for that matter, every dime.

Sally Franklin: Penny pinching? You bet. I'm all for it." "As I said before, I always sign my checks, so I know where my money's going. In the same spirit, I also always try to read my bills to make sure I'm not being overcharged." Can you.....thank you. "There is human (and now computer) error everywhere -- at restaurants, at the phone company, at the grocery store, at hotels -- and you'd be surprised by how much this human error can cost you." "Don't be obsessive about it, but check through your bills from time to time." "You should also always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services." "I do it all the time, and I'm one of the richest men on earth." "Even in high-end shops, I bargain.

Sally Franklin: After all, the more you're paying for something, the more the seller should be able to shave off the price." "I hate paying retail, and it makes me cringe when I see other people doing it. I've walked into stores and offered $2,000 dollars for a $10,000 dollar item." "It can be embarrassing for me (especially since everyone knows that I'm Trump and that I'm wealthy), but you'd be amazed at the discounts you can get if you simply ask." "You do have to be willing to walk away, but after you've walked away a few times, the price will come down." "I understand that penny-pinching can have a negative connotation -- as in 'miserly' -- but when you calculate how much ten cents on a price can matter if you multiply it by a hundred thousand or a million, the value of ten cents becomes clear." "For instance, let's say I have to buy one hundred thousand light bulbs for all of the buildings that I own and maintain each year.

Sally Franklin: If I manage to save ten cents on each light bulb, that's a savings of ten thousand dollars per year!" "That's ten thousand dollars I can put toward another building or another investment or donate to a cause that needs the money more than I do." "Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents.

Sally Franklin: Numbers that seem trivial add up and have enormous implications." "My parents hammered frugality into me at an early age, and it's the most important money-management skill a person can use. Call it penny-pinching if you want to, I call it financial smarts."

Rebecca Mangold: Thank you.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you pull up for the jury what's in evidence as People's 414C.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Miss Franklin, is this another chapter of "Trump: How To Be A Billionaire?"

Sally Franklin: Yes. Pages 66 and 67.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the chapter title?

Sally Franklin: "How to Decide How Much Risk to Assume" -- I'm sorry, "How to Decide How Much Risk to Assume When Investing."

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read for the jury the unredacted portion of this chapter.

Sally Franklin: "You need to watch the bottom line. Allen Weisselberg, my Chief Financial Officer, has to be one of the toughest people in business when it comes to money." "When I was having some financial problems in the early 1990s, I called Allen into my office" -- and told him there wouldn't -- "and told him there would be tough times ahead." "The banks were about to cut off our funding.

Sally Franklin: Allen said, 'No problem,' and went be back to his office, where he proceeded to renegotiate almost every payment from that point forward." "He did whatever was necessary to protect the bottom line -- and refused to succumb to the pressures of risk." "Now he's negotiating with bankers on deals worth hundreds of millions of dollars and he's so tough that most banks would rather I negotiate the deal than him.

Sally Franklin: He's a loyal employee and he's the ultimate master at playing the cards of business."

Rebecca Mangold: And then, lastly, can we pull up what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 414D.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Ms. Franklin, is this another chapter of the book, "Trump: How To Be A Billionaire?"

Sally Franklin: Yes. Pages 68 and 69.

Rebecca Mangold: What is the chapter title?

Sally Franklin: "How To Stay On Top Of Your Finances."

Rebecca Mangold: And can you please read the unredacted portion of this chapter to the jury?

Sally Franklin: "Periodically, I ask my Financial Department for what I call my financial 'small shot.'" "This report reflects, among other financial data, my cash balances, investments, sales of condominium units, and so forth." "If I didn't check up on it regularly, I would be in big financial trouble, and I would have no one to blame but myself." "Don't assume that your stocks are performing well or that your house is appreciating in value or that your business is growing just because someone tells you it is. Always look at the numbers yourself.

Sally Franklin: If things turn grim, you're the one left holding the checkbook." "One day back in the late 1980s, Jeff McConney, my Controller, prepared my small shot and brought it to me. I looked down at it and immediately told Jeff, 'You're fired.' I told him I didn't want excuses and I thought he was doing a lousy job managing my cash." "Although I am a multibillionaire and I head a multibillion-dollar organization, every dollar spent by this company comes out of my pocket." "The point I was making to Jeff was that even though various payments always need to be made, always question invoices and never accept a contractor's first bid.

Sally Franklin: Negotiate! Negotiate! Or get out." "Jeff got the message and has been with me for 17 years and is doing a terrific job." "He looks out for my bottom line as if the money were his own."

Rebecca Mangold: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: You may inquire.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Good morning. How are you, Ms. Franklin?

Sally Franklin: Okay. Thank you.

Todd Blanche: Now, you said you have -- you are represented by lawyers. You are not paying for your own lawyers, are you?

Sally Franklin: No.

Todd Blanche: So you mentioned that on both of these books there is a second name on the front page, "Meredith McIver," correct?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Todd Blanche: And is what -- is her role sometimes called "a ghost writer?"

Sally Franklin: It depends. Sure. I mean, I'm not sure exactly what she -- how much she did for that book, but, sure, she could be a ghost writer.

Todd Blanche: So when you said you're not sure, you mean you don't know what role Ms. McIver had in these two books?

Sally Franklin: I don't know how much she contributed. I know that Donald Trump was the author of the book. I'm not sure how exactly specifically she contributed.

Todd Blanche: And you're not sure because it varies depending on the book, the primary author, and if there is a secondary author, it could vary, correct?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Todd Blanche: So at times, does someone like Ms. McIver sit and interview the primary author as the book is written?

Sally Franklin: Ummm, I mean, I'm not sure exactly, again, what she did.

Todd Blanche: I'm not asking you what she did --

Sally Franklin: Okay.

Todd Blanche: -- I'm just asking you, in your experience, is that something that happened at times?

Sally Franklin: I think that she would have discussed it with him.

Todd Blanche: And there are times when a secondary author interviews other people to help the primary author write the book?

Sally Franklin: I -- I'm not sure. I don't -- I don't know. I don't know.

Todd Blanche: But you don't know what role Miss McIver had in this, in either of these books at all, correct?

Sally Franklin: I don't. All I know is that she helped our primary author in some way.

Todd Blanche: And you are -- you said you purchased both these books in kind of the way any of us -- or similar to the way we would purchase the book?

Sally Franklin: No. The way that I purchased it is the way that an employee of Penguin Random House would purchase it.

Todd Blanche: So if we could put up Exhibit 413. Just the first page, briefly. This can go for everybody.

Note: [Displayed]

Todd Blanche: Who -- well, who decides how to make the cover? Like what the cover should look like?

Sally Franklin: It's, it's -- usually we have a cover -- we have a cover design department here. And then they usually work with the author.

Todd Blanche: And is one of the goals of how you make the cover look, to make it look presentable, so that you can sell copies of the book?

Sally Franklin: One of our goals is selling copies of the book. But -- but our authors are -- I mean, our goal is to make the authors happy also. But, yes, we definitely want to sell copies of our book.

Todd Blanche: Your goal is to make the authors happy, or what do you mean?

Sally Franklin: If they have approval over the cover, we consider that, we consider that. We also want to sell the book.

Todd Blanche: Sure. And because you are trying to make money off the book, correct?

Sally Franklin: That is correct.

Todd Blanche: And so -- and for this book, which is "How To Get Rich," that book, it was about 320 pages, correct? Approximately?

Sally Franklin: I would have to double-check it.

Todd Blanche: Are you looking at it now?

Sally Franklin: I can look at it. Yes, it is approximately 320 pages.

Todd Blanche: And you were just shown redacted versions of five of those pages, correct, and asked to read those portions?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Todd Blanche: If we could put up Exhibit 414, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Todd Blanche: For this book, you know that -- or maybe you will need to check that it's approximately 283 pages?

Sally Franklin: Yeah. Yes. 288.

Todd Blanche: Just so it's clear, you actually have both books in front of you?

Sally Franklin: [Witness indicating]

Todd Blanche: And now are you holding it up to just confirm?

Sally Franklin: Yes. [Witness indicating]

Todd Blanche: And you were asked to read, a few minutes ago, redacted portions of about six pages of that 283 page book, correct?

Sally Franklin: Yes. I don't remember the exact page. But, yes, several pages.

Todd Blanche: And you didn't pick which portions to read, did you? You just read what you were directed to read, correct?

Sally Franklin: That is correct.

Todd Blanche: I don't have any further questions, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Any redirect?

Rebecca Mangold: Yes, your Honor.

Note: [Redirect examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Now, Ms. Franklin, I believe Mr. Blanche was asking you about the ghost writing process. In your experience --

Sally Franklin: Yes, I'm sorry.

Rebecca Mangold: In your experience, do ghost writers ever write entire books without the author's knowledge?

Sally Franklin: No.

Rebecca Mangold: In your experience, do ghost writers ever create content without any input from the author?

Sally Franklin: No.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it your understanding that an author works for a ghost writer or does a ghost writer work for the author?

Sally Franklin: The ghost writer works for the author.

Rebecca Mangold: And are you aware of any books written by ghost writers where the author wasn't aware of the content of the book?

Sally Franklin: No, I am not.

Rebecca Mangold: Before testifying today, did you have an opportunity to review People's Exhibit 414F, G and H for identification?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And are those excerpts of the book "How To Get Rich?"

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Did you have an opportunity to compare the exhibits with the copies of the book that you purchased?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: And are the exhibits exact copies of the book that you purchased or portions of it?

Sally Franklin: They are.

Rebecca Mangold: The People now offer exhibits 413F, 413G and 413H into evidence.

Todd Blanche: One moment, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: All right.

Todd Blanche: May we approach, your Honor?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Yes, Mr. Blanche?

Todd Blanche: I just don't think these were on our exhibit list, your Honor, and so I have never seen them before.

Rebecca Mangold: I am not required to provide redirect examination exhibits. And, obviously, the redirect exhibits will depend on the cross-examination.

Todd Blanche: Well, what was the cross-examination that opened this up?

Juan Merchan: Tell me how this goes to the cross?

Rebecca Mangold: So Exhibits 413 -- and there are similar ones for 414 -- are the dedication page, the introduction and the acknowledgments page of each of those books showing quotes from the author and information that is within the primary author's unique knowledge. And to the extent that the defense is challenging attribution, these establish that the defendant was aware of statements in his -- throughout his book.

Todd Blanche: In no way did I challenge attribution. I just asked the witness to explain what a ghost writer was, if she had any knowledge about the ghost writer. That's not challenging attribution even a little bit.

Juan Merchan: You questioned that it was possible that there were contents in that book that you are not attributing to your client, that possibly it was written by the ghost writer. I think it's fair.

Todd Blanche: I'm not allowed to introduce exhibits that were never produced to the People, your Honor. We did not open the door based upon a question about just what a ghost writer is and what a ghost writer may do. Also, your Honor, as to exhibits that were not produced to the Defense --

Juan Merchan: You just asked one question about it?

Todd Blanche: Excuse me?

Juan Merchan: You just asked one question about it, about a ghost writer?

Todd Blanche: To help the jury understand what a ghost writer is, not about this particular book. She has no knowledge about this book.

Rebecca Mangold: Your Honor, they also previously elicited testimony from Rhona Graff that Meredith McIver was a ghost writer for Mr. Trump. And they raised objections in limine that these exhibits should not be introduced altogether, that not all of these exhibits can be attributed to Mr. Trump. So that all of these --

Juan Merchan: Based on your cross-examination, the impression that I got, from the questions that you were asking, was that you were calling into question just how much control Mr. Trump had with the contents of the book. I think this is fair. I will allow it.

Todd Blanche: Well, your Honor --

Rebecca Mangold: Again, the People offer Exhibits 413F, 413G, and 413 H into evidence.

Rebecca Mangold: Your Honor, with your permission, can those exhibits be admitted?

Juan Merchan: The objection is noted and overruled. People's 413F, G and H are accepted into evidence.

Rebecca Mangold: Thank you, your Honor. Can we please display for the jury what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 413F.

Note: [Displayed]

Note: [Continued redirect examination by Rebecca Mangold.]

Rebecca Mangold: Now, Ms. Franklin, I believe that you previously testified that this exhibit and the next two are excerpts from the book: "Trump: How To Get Rich," is that right?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And is this a page from that book?

Sally Franklin: It is.

Rebecca Mangold: Is this the dedication page?

Sally Franklin: It is not. It's the epigraph page.

Rebecca Mangold: What's the epigraph page? Am I saying that correctly?

Sally Franklin: I'm sorry. It's a quote, like usually the dedication, you know, the author dedicates the book to somebody. This is a -- it's usually a quote from somebody very important that the author wants to highlight to set up the book.

Rebecca Mangold: And are there -- how many quotes are on this page?

Sally Franklin: Two.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is the top quote attributed to?

Sally Franklin: Mary Trump, the author's mother.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is the bottom quote attributed to?

Sally Franklin: The author, Donald J. Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: Does it say "Donald J. Trump?"

Sally Franklin: No. It says "DJT." You are right. I apologize.

Rebecca Mangold: And, in your experience, are the details -- are quotes attributed to the author's mother something that would typically be written by the ghost writer or the author?

Sally Franklin: The author.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now, please, display for the jury what has been entered into evidence as People's Exhibit 413G.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can we show briefly all of the pages of this exhibit.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Ms. Franklin, do you know what part of the book this is?

Sally Franklin: Yes. It's the introduction.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please turn to the second page? It looks like we may be having some technical difficulties. There you go.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you see the Paragraph 1, 2, 3, four full paragraphs down, starting with "How To Get Rich."

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read that paragraph to the jury.

Sally Franklin: Yes. "How To Get Rich: That's what I decided to call it, because whenever I meet people, that's usually what they want to know from me." "You ask a baker how he makes bread. You ask a billionaire how he makes money."

Rebecca Mangold: And, in your experience, is that the type of content that would typically be provided by a ghost writer or the author?

Sally Franklin: The author.

Rebecca Mangold: Finally, can we pull up what's now in evidence as People's Exhibit 413 H.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Is this another excerpt from the book "Trump: How To Get Rich?"

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: What section is this?

Sally Franklin: The acknowledgments.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read the first paragraph of this to the jury?

Sally Franklin: Yes. "This book could not have been written without Meredith McIver, a writer of many talents." "She served her apprenticeship with the New York City Ballet, worked on Wall Street, and for the past two years has been an Executive Assistant at The Trump Organization stationed at a desk outside my office." "As you know, my door is always open so Meredith has heard everything and she's taken good notes." "She's done a remarkable job of helping me put my thoughts and experience on paper.

Sally Franklin: I am tremendously grateful to her."

Rebecca Mangold: Now, is the author's description of a secondary writer helping put thoughts and experiences on paper, consistent with your understanding of what a ghost writer does?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And can you please turn to the next page of this exhibit.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: And can you please read this page to the jury?

Sally Franklin: "I want to thank my editor at Random House, Jonathan Karp, who asked me to write this book. I first met Jon in 1997 when he edited the Art of The Comeback." "He spent a lot of time in my office, and one day I noticed he was staring at the carpet under my desk. Finally he said, Donald, what's the deal with the space heater?

Sally Franklin: I told him that my feet get cold." "Jon said, We're in Trump Tower. It's your building. Can't you do something about that?" "It's important to have an editor who asks the tough questions." "I'm also grateful to many others at Random House who worked long and late hours to produce this book in record time: Publisher Gina Centrello, Associate Publishers Anthony Ziccardi and Elizabeth McGuire, Executive Director of Publicity Carol Schneider, Director of Publicity Thomas Perry, Associate Director of Publicity Elizabeth Fogarty, Editorial Assistants Jonathan Jao, who did an excellent job with the photos, and Casey Rivish, art director Gene Mydlowski, Managing Editor Benjamin Dreyer, Production Chief Lisa Feuer, Design Director Carol Lwenstein, Production Manager Richard Elman, Production Editor Janet Wygal, Copy Editor Ginny Carroll, Advertising Director Magee Finn, Rights Directors Claire Tisne and Rachel Bernstein, and everyone at the Random House Sales Force, which is the best in the business." Do you recognize the names referenced on this page?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Are those all employees of Penguin Random House or were they at some time?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And in your experience, is this type of content consistent with something an author would write who was very involved in the writing process?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, before testifying today, did you also have the opportunity to review what has been marked for identification as People's Exhibits 414E, 414F and 414G?

Sally Franklin: I did.

Rebecca Mangold: Are those additional excerpts from the book "Trump: How To Be A Billionaire?"

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And --

Sally Franklin: "Think Like a Billionaire."

Rebecca Mangold: I'm sorry.

Sally Franklin: All right.

Rebecca Mangold: "Think Like a Billionaire." Did you compare the exhibits to the versions of the book that you purchased?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And are the exhibits exact copies of portions of that book?

Sally Franklin: They are.

Rebecca Mangold: The People now offer exhibits 414E, F and G into evidence.

Todd Blanche: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Rebecca Mangold: Now, can we please display for the jury, what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 414E.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: And can you remind me what you called this page?

Sally Franklin: This is the Epigraph page.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it -- are there multiple quotes on this page?

Sally Franklin: Yes, there are three.

Rebecca Mangold: And who is the top quote attributed to?

Sally Franklin: The author's father, Fred Trump.

Rebecca Mangold: And is this the type of thing that would come from a ghost writer or the author?

Sally Franklin: Author.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we now show the jury what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 414 F.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: And can you flip through the pages of this exhibit, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Ms. Franklin, do you know what this is?

Sally Franklin: Yes. This is the introduction for "Think Like a Billionaire."

Rebecca Mangold: And looking at the first page of the exhibit, is that Page XI?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Roman Numeral 11?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can you please read the bottom paragraph of that page?

Sally Franklin: "In my previous book, 'How To Get Rich,' I shared some of my favorite techniques for running a profitable business and becoming a TV Megastar." "Consider this new book the second part of an ongoing conversation between you and The Donald." "The billionaire's equivalent of those best selling works of inspiration, conversations with God and conversations with God Book 2."

Rebecca Mangold: Can we please turn to the next page of the exhibit, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: And can you read the last two full paragraphs on the second page of the exhibit.

Sally Franklin: "Here's something else about God that any billionaire knows: He's in the details. And you need to be there too. I couldn't run a business any other way." "When I'm talking to a contractor or examining a site or planning a new development, no detail is too small to consider. I even try to sign as many checks as possible." "For me, there's nothing worse than a computer signing a check. "When you sign a check yourself" --

Rebecca Mangold: I'm sorry. Was it "a computer signing a check?"

Sally Franklin: Oh, sorry. "For me, there's nothing worse than a computer signing checks." "When you sign a check yourself, you're seeing what's really going on inside your business." "And if people see your signature at the bottom of a check, they know you're watching them, and they screw you less because they have proof that you care about the details."

Rebecca Mangold: And can we show this paragraph in combination with the next full paragraph, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you read the next full paragraph, please?

Sally Franklin: "I learned how to think like a billionaire by watching my father, Fred Trump." "He was the greatest man I'll ever know, and the biggest influence on my life."

Rebecca Mangold: Ms. Franklin, in your experience, are references to the author's childhood something that would typically come from the author or the ghost writer?

Sally Franklin: The author.

Rebecca Mangold: And is the content of this portion of the introduction consistent with the other content from the books that we've looked at?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: Can we please now turn to People's Exhibit 414G, already in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Rebecca Mangold: Can you describe what this is?

Sally Franklin: The acknowledgments for "Think Like a Billionaire."

Rebecca Mangold: And can you read the first sentence of this to the jury, please?

Sally Franklin: "Like my previous book, 'How To Get Rich,' this book never would have happened without the hard work and help of Meredith McIver. Also, Norma Foerderer, who manages my schedule, kept this project on schedule."

Rebecca Mangold: And, again, is this consistent with your understanding of how authors and ghost writers work together?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: And then can you read to yourself the next paragraph, please.

Sally Franklin: To myself?

Rebecca Mangold: Yeah, just to yourself. You don't need to read the whole thing.

Sally Franklin: Got it.

Rebecca Mangold: Like the acknowledgment section of the prior book, does this section of the acknowledgments of this book also list employees of Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: It does.

Rebecca Mangold: And is it the author's -- withdrawn. To your knowledge, are all of these people actual employees of the company Penguin Random House?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Rebecca Mangold: No further questions.

Note: [Cross-examination by Todd Blanche.]

Todd Blanche: Can we just put that last exhibit up, please, and turn to the second page, 414G.

Note: [Displayed]

Todd Blanche: We don't have these exhibits so we needed to ask the People to put it up.

Juan Merchan: All right. You can put it up.

Todd Blanche: If you can highlight the last paragraph. Just blow it up, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Todd Blanche: Is this the second page of what you were just reading from, "Acknowledgments?"

Sally Franklin: I believe so, yes.

Todd Blanche: And --

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Todd Blanche: You can look at it if you need to, that's okay.

Sally Franklin: Okay.

Todd Blanche: And this is the second page of the acknowledgments. You read the first -- a portion of the first page. And that's just Meredith McIver listing folks that she wants to thank also for her help, correct?

Sally Franklin: Yes.

Todd Blanche: No further questions.

Juan Merchan: That's it?

Rebecca Mangold: Nothing further, your Honor. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: You can step down.

Sally Franklin: Okay. Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Counsel, please approach.

Juan Merchan: So I just want to go back for a second to Ms. Necheles' objection earlier. She referenced her objection to feelings coming out. Did you also refer to feelings, that you wanted to get into the feelings of Ms. Daniels?

Susan Hoffinger: I think she's going to describe a little bit about how she felt at the time, because it corroborates what happened. Look, I think her account of what happened on that day is the account that would have been told to the American people prior to the election had she not entered into the NDA. It's significant.

Juan Merchan: Give me a sense of what she's going to say when she talks about her feelings, how she felt that day?

Susan Hoffinger: I mean, she's going to say, for example, at certain times she felt feelings leaving her hands and toes, that she felt that she was having a panic attack at one point. She will describe that some details came back to her later after seeing a movie called Bombshell, for example, which I think will help to explain certain times about what she remembered and what she didn't remember.

Susan Hoffinger: So it's not going to be in great detail, but I think it's significant because for a period of time she didn't remember how she got into bed and had sex with him. And so I think it's important to bring out partly how she was feeling at the time, because it explains that. And, again, the defense opened the door from the start to credibility issues.

Susan Hoffinger: This is the account that would have been told to the American people had she not entered into the NDA. She entered into the NDA willingly, but had she not entered into the NDA, this is what would have been told to the American people. And that's why they wanted to pay her to remain silent.

Susan Necheles: Judge, it's not the account that would have been told. Her story has changed over time. And if they go into this, we will have to go into how her story has changed. This is all a fabrication.

Susan Hoffinger: This is not new. This is not a fabrication nor has her story changed. I think we will be able to establish, if the defense goes into this -- they are saying that this is a new fabrication. There are prior consistent statements and so I image we will it deal with that at that time.

Juan Merchan: To the extent that it helps to explain that she had forgotten some things and she remembered certain other things, I will allow it.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Juan Merchan: To the extent that it goes into how she felt when she got into the bed and feelings while lying there, I think we should wait and see what happens on cross-examination.

Susan Hoffinger: So, in other words, I can't elicit how she felt at the time? That she was -- it explains why there are certain details she still doesn't remember.

Juan Merchan: What do you expect her to say with respect to that?

Susan Hoffinger: Precisely what I said. She's going to say that she felt numb. She didn't expect it to happen. She felt numb. At one point she almost felt like she was having a panic attack, and she has not been able to remember some of the details. And some of the details she has always remembered, and some of the details -- precisely how she got from the bathroom to the bed -- some of them came back to her in 2019 when she saw a certain movie.

Juan Merchan: All right.

Susan Hoffinger: So I think it explains what we expect the defense will do, and what they've indicated that they will do. So in our direct we are entitled to bring this out and draw the sting in order to explain --

Susan Necheles: Well, we would not be going there if the Prosecutor wasn't going there, so it's not drawing the sting out of -- they are putting in very prejudicial material, and they are not drawing the sting out, they are essentially making this into rape, which is totally improper, that she felt threatened and --

Susan Hoffinger: Let me make this clear --

Susan Necheles: And that she felt threatened into doing it.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me make this clear. She has always said, and she did not say -- she will not say that, she will not say that this is a sexual assault, that will not be her account, has not been her account and never has been. So to the extent that that is the way that the defense is characterizing that, I will make that clear and she will make that clear.

Susan Necheles: Judge, there is, additionally, another area that I don't know whether the prosecutors intend to go into, but I would ask that she be precluded from being asked. She has said on various occasions, starting in 2018, that she and her daughter were threatened by some random man.

Juan Merchan: That she?

Susan Necheles: That she and her daughter's lives were threatened by some random man in a parking lot and that's why she didn't tell her story earlier. And there is no connection at all to -- I don't believe her story -- but there is also just no connection to President Trump in any way on this, and so we would ask that that be precluded.

Susan Hoffinger: We are not suggesting that it was President Trump who did that. There are a few things that I would say. First of all, the defense opened the door in their cross-examination of Keith Davidson. They put in the clip saying that Avenatti said something about her story of being threatened in a parking lot in 2011 by a man as being not true.

Susan Hoffinger: It is also the basis of a defamation claim, which the defense opened the door to on their opening when they said that this is all just about the fact that she owes him some legal fees having to do with that case. So they've opened the door. It also goes to, your Honor, directly to why she didn't tell her story at various times.

Susan Hoffinger: So it's a critical piece. They've opened the door to it. And we should be allowed to elicit it.

Juan Merchan: The latter issue that you say they did open the door to --

Susan Hoffinger: Uh-huh.

Juan Merchan: You can step back and just give me a second to think about that.

Susan Hoffinger: Sure. And, your Honor, if I may ask for a few minutes before we start.

Juan Merchan: I'm sorry. Come back, please.

Juan Merchan: On the direct examination, I'm going to ask you to not get into the feelings that you -- that you just described. You can get into the sexual act, that there was a sexual act. Of course, you can talk about how she got there, how she ended up in the room. Just the facts. You can get into the facts.

Susan Hoffinger: Just don't ask her how she felt at the time?

Juan Merchan: Well, I don't want to get into how she felt emotionally at that time. I don't want you to get into that on your direct. We will wait to see what happens on cross-examination.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Juan Merchan: And maybe at that time we can revisit it.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Susan Hoffinger: Uh-huh.

Juan Merchan: All right. People, your next witness, please.

Susan Hoffinger: The People call Stormy Daniels, your Honor.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, Stormy Daniels, enters the courtroom and steps up to the witness stand.]

Court Officer: Step up to the officer.

Court Officer: Step up here. Raise your right hand and face the court clerk.

Note: [S-T-O-R-M-Y D-A-N-I-E-L-S, a witness called on behalf of the People, having been first duly sworn was examined and testified as follows.]

Court Officer: You could have a seat.

Stormy Daniels: Thank you.

Court Officer: Pull your chair up to the microphone. And state your first and last name. And spell your last name for the record.

Stormy Daniels: Ready? My name is Stormy Daniels. Last name is D-A-N-I-E-L-S.

Juan Merchan: All right. Good morning, Ms. Daniels.

Stormy Daniels: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: You may inquire.

Note: [Direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Good morning, Ms. Daniels. Good morning.

Stormy Daniels: Hi.

Susan Hoffinger: Ms. Daniels, have you also been known as Stephanie Clifford?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What name do you prefer that we use here in court?

Stormy Daniels: Stormy Daniels.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, are you testifying here today pursuant to a subpoena?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I am.

Susan Hoffinger: Without providing any specific names, can you tell the jury a little bit about your family?

Stormy Daniels: Sure. I was born and raised in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. My parents divorced when I was four, so I was raised mostly by my mom. Now I live in Florida with my partner. And I share custody of my young daughter with her dad.

Susan Hoffinger: And how long have you known your partner?

Stormy Daniels: I have known him for almost 25 years.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell the jury a little bit about your life growing up in Louisiana?

Stormy Daniels: Like I said, I was born and raised in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. My parents split up when I was four years old. I was mostly raised by mom. Very low income family. She was a single working mom. I went to a private, very Christian, very strict elementary school that my dad paid for. And then I entered the magnet system, which is for -- you have to maintain a certain GPA in middle and high school.

Stormy Daniels: I went to an engineering high school because I wanted to be a veterinarian and they had the best recommendation for getting into college and for getting scholarships. So I graduated from Scotlandville Magnet High School in 1997. I graduated top ten percent of my class for the country, and applied to both LSU Veterinarian School and Texas A & M. I received a full scholarship from Texas A & M for veterinary medicine, and -- but even that still requires you to pay for things that aren't included in scholarships.

Stormy Daniels: So I took a year off from that and never actually got to go back.

Susan Hoffinger: So you never actually went -- you didn't go to college, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct. But I did take college classes in high school.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you participate in some clubs in high school?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did.

Susan Hoffinger: What kind of clubs or hobbies were you involved with when you were in high school?

Stormy Daniels: I was editor of my high school paper, so I was in the journalist club. I was in 4-H because I loved horses and, also, so they would write a recommendation for veterinary school. And then I was, aside from the regular 4-H, I was in the Equine Department of -- the 4-H Department, which is the equestrian horseback riding part of that.

Stormy Daniels: And I was in the Baton Rouge Ballet Company.

Susan Hoffinger: And I'm going to ask you to slow down just a little bit so that the court reporter can get it all down and also so that the jury can hear you.

Stormy Daniels: I'm sorry.

Susan Hoffinger: It's all right. I'm sorry. Did you do some work during high school, some paperwork?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did. I taught handicap rider lessons at the stable where I kept my horse in exchange for board and feed for my horse and riding lessons. And I shoved manure. [Laughter]. And then later I went on to dancing.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Tell us about the dancing, when you went on to that?

Stormy Daniels: I was 17, I think, and a friend of mine -- I met a friend who told me that she was a dancer. I thought she meant the same kind of dancing that I did, which was ballet and jazz and tap. I was wrong. [Laughter] She was an exotic dancer and invited me to the club to see her dance, and they didn't bother to check my ID. So I started dancing on the weekends, which was actually kind of cool because I didn't have to miss any classes and could still make more in two nights than I did shoveling manure eight hours a day. [Laughter].

Note: [Whereupon, at this time, Principal Court Reporter Susan Pearce-Bates relieved Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: So, you started making some money then in high school, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you move out of your mother's house at some point?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: During or shortly after high school?

Stormy Daniels: When I was 17.

Susan Hoffinger: And just briefly, why did you move out of your mother's house, just briefly?

Stormy Daniels: My mother was very neglectful. She would disappear for days at a time. I wish I could say that she was an addict of some sort, that would kind of be an excuse, but to this day I really don't know. We lived in a really bad neighborhood, and she would just vanish. And so, finally, it came to a head right around Christmastime of my senior year.

Stormy Daniels: And my -- and then I left for a little bit for a couple of weeks. And then I came home. And since I was 17, which in Louisiana at that time you are considered an adult, so I moved out.

Susan Hoffinger: And have you supported yourself ever since?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, did there come a time that you started also doing some other work, for example, nude modeling for some magazines?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, when I was 21.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you do that?

Stormy Daniels: Well, I was working at the club, as I said, and we would have, like, guest stars. They are called featured entertainers. For those that don't know, it's like traveling acts that come in, and they headline at the club. They put on very fancy burlesque shows. They either breathe fire or do aerial, stilts, just like they are the star performance and they give them all the special treatment.

Stormy Daniels: And because I had this background in actual dancing, and I was like, I want to do that, but you have to have some sort of -- a reason to be the headliner. You have to have a reason they pay you to come in and be the star. And the way to do that is either to pose for magazines or do competitions or to do adult movies.

Stormy Daniels: So, if you are a regular girl in the club, you can come and perform, but if you were like in Playboy, or Playboy centerfolds, or one of those people, then you could be a headliner. So, you would have to have what they would call credentials or credits. And so, I asked a lot of those performers how they got those, and, of course, they said you have to have these credits or a reason to be the star.

Stormy Daniels: And they connected me with some photographers and videographers, and I went on to pose for some magazines to get the accolades, I guess, to be able to go on tour as the featured entertainer.

Susan Hoffinger: Would that enable you to make more money?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Obviously you get paid for that.

Susan Hoffinger: How old were you when you started that work?

Stormy Daniels: Twenty-one.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, did there come a time that you also worked in the adult film industry?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you move into doing that work?

Stormy Daniels: It started the same way I just explained. So, when you had those -- you were this guest star, this featured entertainer, you can do contests, and you could really -- you could literally be Miss Nude North America or you can do magazines, like I said, but each one of these are sort of like a level. They top out on a pay grade, and the people who make the most for their appearances were the people who, the girls, performers who had done adult films.

Stormy Daniels: And I topped out of rate and was doing really well. I never had any sort of issue with nudity or sex or adult films. Went to California with a girlfriend of mine who was out there to do a shoot. And she obviously just wanted me to go with her, and I never went to California. She said, I will pay for your trip.

Stormy Daniels: I am so scared. So I went with her. I was an extra, like a completely clothed background extra, in a bar on her shoots. And the director, who is a very famous director, from a famous adult company, Wicked Pictures, saw me, and said he actually thought I was already an adult actress and asked me if I would be in another movie.

Stormy Daniels: I honestly was kind of scared to do it. And she said, I will do it with you, and just doing one you can say you have done it, and it bumps you up in pay grade. So I said, yes. And I will cut out a lot of the other details, and five days later she got on a plane to fly back home, and I got offered a contract at Wicked Pictures.

Susan Hoffinger: And how old were you at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Twenty-three.

Susan Hoffinger: Did there come a time that you started writing for adult films?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, about six months later.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you still about 23-years old?

Stormy Daniels: I was 23, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you continue to write for adult films?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I still do.

Susan Hoffinger: And did there come a time when you started directing in that industry?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I directed my first adult film, it was a feature, which is -- there are two kinds of films. One that is like not scripted and you are just sort of like seen. There is no thinking or you don't have to learn dialogue or whatever. And then there are adult features that are very scripted, kind of the ones if you cut out the really naughty stuff, you will see on TV late at night.

Stormy Daniels: They are, basically, actual movies that have sex. That's what the company I wrote for did. I was one of the youngest, if not the youngest, adult feature director and definitely the youngest female feature director. I started directing when I was 23, and I have directed over 150 films, and I have won 11 best director awards and two best screenplays.

Susan Hoffinger: And have you also acted in what we would call mainstream movies?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Could you give the jury examples of those you did?

Stormy Daniels: Sure. I was in a movie called 40-Year-Old Virgin, Knocked Up, Finding Bliss, a whole bunch. I have been in TV shows too.

Susan Hoffinger: I will just ask you to slow down a little bit.

Stormy Daniels: I was in a television show called The Dirt with Courteney Cox, Superbad.

Susan Hoffinger: And have you also acted in some music videos?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I did some music videos for Maroon 5, a band called Granny 4 Barrel, Rob Zombie.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you also directed some music videos?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you also written or are you writing some books?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I have written a book and I am in the process of finishing up two others.

Susan Hoffinger: And the name of the book you completed?

Stormy Daniels: Well, the book that I completed was released in 2018, it's called Full Disclosure, and two more are coming out next year.

Susan Hoffinger: And have you also done some comedy shows?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you also in the past hosted a podcast?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What was the podcast about?

Stormy Daniels: The podcast was called Beyond the Norm. It was sort of anything that is beyond the norm. It was about anything from like serial killers, female serial killers, to UFO abductions, paranormal stuff, porn. That's not -- it's beyond the norm, politics, anything like that.

Susan Hoffinger: In connection with the podcast that might have involved politics, in some of those, did you discuss Mr. Trump or your experience with him?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, of course.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you still host that podcast?

Stormy Daniels: Sadly, no, I don't.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: Because I got fired.

Susan Hoffinger: Why was that?

Stormy Daniels: Because I was reluctant to continue talking about just that one narrative about this case, and about, um -- like politics, I was told I could pick a variety of things to talk about, and they just kept going down this one subject line. And --

Susan Hoffinger: It is because of that subject line that you do not have the podcast?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you recently featured in a documentary?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What, briefly, was the documentary about?

Stormy Daniels: About my life and my story.

Susan Hoffinger: Included in that documentary, did you also speak about Mr. Trump and your experience with him?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: In about 2009, did you also explore running in the Republican Primary for Senate in Louisiana?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you tell the jury a little about that?

Stormy Daniels: In 2009, let's see, I got an email from a friend saying, did you know about this? There is a guy in Louisiana -- first, it came at me as this person is using your name, your trademark name, and your image to promote himself. She was, actually, a little bit wrong. It was a Draft Stormy Campaign, and it was to go against the Republican David Vitter, Senator David Vitter.

Stormy Daniels: And I got really mad, and, basically, got ahold of the guy, his name was Brian Welsh, and went after him to stop using my name and image to promote himself. But it wasn't to promote himself, it. Was to bring attention to this candidate, the Republican candidate in Louisiana who was running on a platform of like -- who was anti-women and was trying to shut down like reproductive rights and sex education in school and Planned Parenthood.

Stormy Daniels: Meanwhile, he got caught doing some unsavory things. And he had no intention of making me the Senator, but I was helping to bring attention. I jumped on board, and, basically, was saying that I was a better choice than this guy. But I dropped out. I never wanted to actually move back to Louisiana. I didn't want to establish residency.

Stormy Daniels: I made a lot more money doing the job that I was doing at the time, which made for some fun campaign slogans I would have loved to use, but David Vitter would never actually -- he wouldn't debate me.

Susan Hoffinger: So just to clarify, so was the platform that you were interested in running on was to promote sex education and women's reproductive rights?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And if you had run, you would be running as a Republican, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: I would like now to direct your attention to July of 2006. Were you working at a celebrity golf tournament in Lake Tahoe at that time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And for whom were you working at the time?

Stormy Daniels: I was still under contract with Wicked Pictures, the adult film company.

Susan Hoffinger: Contract, meaning you were both a director and a writer and also an actress?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Hoffinger: And what were you and others from Wicked Entertainment doing at this golf tournament in Lake Tahoe in July of 2006?

Stormy Daniels: So, Wicked sponsors one of the holes on the golf course, which, yes, I know it's very funny. We are an adult film company sponsoring one of the holes. And we had a table in the gift room where celebrities would come through, get a gift bag, check out the products, pose for photos. And that's pretty common in any sort of event.

Stormy Daniels: They usually have a gift room and even the award shows have these. It's very common.

Susan Hoffinger: So you went with others from your company to promote the company?

Stormy Daniels: Right. It was myself, the owner of the company, a couple of the staff from the company, and some of the contract girls, and the players would come around. You would stay at your hole that had the company's logo, and you would give them water, towels, take a photo. And then later the next day, or whatever, the evening, they would go to the gift rooms.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you meet Donald Trump on the golf course at that celebrity golf tournament in Lake Tahoe?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you describe how you encountered him on the golf course?

Stormy Daniels: It was a very brief encounter. The players were playing. They came through very quickly. We met every person who was in the golf tournament at that moment. They came through. Obviously, they would take their shot. I would say, hello, and introduce myself to them. I introduced myself, the company, and the other contract girls, not just to Mr. Trump, but every player that came through.

Stormy Daniels: Gave them water, posed for pictures. It was a very brief encounter on the course.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recall, if at all, what you discussed with Mr. Trump on the golf course at that time?

Stormy Daniels: It wasn't very much. So, you know, the owner of the company was like, this is my contract girl Jessica, and this is my contract star and director Stormy Daniels. And that's when he acted like, oh, you actually direct too? You must be the smart one. And there is a picture and they moved on.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did you know about Mr. Trump at the time, if anything?

Stormy Daniels: Well, that he was, obviously, a golfer, and that he had a television show I had never seen called Celebrity Apprentice or The Apprentice, and he had done some reality TV things.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recall what the reality TV things were that you knew about at the time?

Stormy Daniels: He did a lot of cameos and things like that. I definitely remember seeing movies, commercials or whatever and something -- something for wrestling, which I am from Louisiana. It's a big deal.

Susan Hoffinger: How old were you at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Twenty-seven.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you know his approximate age, or could you tell his approximate age at the time?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't know his age. I knew he was probably old or older than my father.

Susan Hoffinger: So, would that -- how old was your father at the time?

Stormy Daniels: So, 60.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you see Mr. Trump again inside the gift room that you mentioned previously?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And could you just describe that encounter in the gift room, briefly?

Stormy Daniels: Sure. Like I mentioned, everybody came through. There were so many photos with the girls with all the celebrities that came through that day. He did remember us from the golf course. He talked to all of the girls. He remembered me, specifically, that I was the smart one. He asked for a DVD. We did we have a DVD.

Stormy Daniels: We had our adult films there. He specifically asked for the one that I had directed. At that time, it was only one that was out that I had both -- well, all three, written, directed and starred in. And that was the movie called Three Wishes. So I made sure that he got that one. We talked very briefly. Then I saw him talking to his -- his -- it's his security, but I didn't know that it was his security then at the time.

Stormy Daniels: I thought maybe it was his friend. I saw him talking to another gentleman that was with him. And then he said that -- he came back and asked, said that Mr. Trump would like to know if I would like to have dinner with him.

Susan Hoffinger: Before we get to that. You also took a picture with Mr. Trump inside the golf room?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: I am sorry. Inside the gift room?

Stormy Daniels: The gift room, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you take pictures with other celebrities or other folks that were coming through?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Pretty much every celebrity that came through we took a photo of.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you see Mr. Trump in the courtroom today?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Could you just point him out and indicate an article of clothing that he is wearing?

Stormy Daniels: Navy blue jacket, second at the table.

Susan Hoffinger: Indicating the Defendant, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you mentioned a photo that you took with Mr. Trump, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Officer, can you hand -- I am handing you a thumb drive, Ms. Daniels. I am handing you a thumb drive that contains four photos --

Stormy Daniels: Okay.

Susan Hoffinger: -- marked as People's Exhibits 226, 227, 228-A and 229-A for identification. Have you previously reviewed the photos that are contained on that thumb drive?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How do you know that?

Stormy Daniels: Because it has my initials on the tag.

Susan Hoffinger: And the date as well?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: I am going to ask to please put up just for the witness, the Court and the parties, People's Exhibit 226 for identification.

Susan Hoffinger: It will be on your screen in a minute.

Stormy Daniels: I have it.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize what's depicted in this photo?

Stormy Daniels: Yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: What is depicted in the photo?

Stormy Daniels: It is a photo of myself and Mr. Trump in the gift room.

Susan Hoffinger: Is it a fair and accurate representation of what you and Mr. Trump looked like at the golf tournament inside of the gift room in July of 2006?

Stormy Daniels: Of course, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: I offer it in evidence, your Honor, People's Exhibit 226.

Susan Necheles: No objection.

Juan Merchan: 226 is accepted into evidence.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, who took that photo of you that day, if you recall?

Stormy Daniels: It was a photographer who was working for Wicked. His name was Hal.

Susan Hoffinger: And in that picture, what do you see Mr. Trump wearing including a hat and his shirt?

Stormy Daniels: He is wearing a yellow-collared Polo -- Polo-styled shirt with a golf logo and a red hat with a matching logo.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we now -- so, actually, in evidence, can we now show People's 227, in evidence?

Susan Hoffinger: I am sorry. I haven't offered it yet.

Juan Merchan: Take it down, please.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you just show it to the witness and the parties and counsel and the Judge, of course. My apologies.

Susan Hoffinger: Is this one of the photos that you reviewed on the thumb drive?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize what's depicted in this photo?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What is it?

Stormy Daniels: A photo of Mr. Trump at the golf course.

Susan Hoffinger: Is it a fair and accurate representation of what Mr. Trump looked like to you the first time you met him on the golf course at the tournament in July of 2006?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: I offer People's 227 in evidence, your Honor.

Susan Necheles: No objection.

Juan Merchan: 227 is accepted into evidence.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you can display it. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, what is Mr. Trump wearing in this photo?

Stormy Daniels: The same yellow shirt and red hat.

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you mentioned that after you talked briefly with Mr. Trump in the gift room, that someone, his bodyguard, came over and spoke with you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you tell the jury, again, what his bodyguard told you?

Stormy Daniels: That Mr. Trump was interested in having me join him for dinner.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did you say at that time?

Stormy Daniels: F' no.

Susan Hoffinger: I am sorry.

Stormy Daniels: No, but with an expletive in the front.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you know the bodyguard's first name?

Stormy Daniels: It's Keith.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he introduce himself as Keith?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. As Keith, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you know his last name at the time?

Stormy Daniels: I did not. At the time I did not know.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you know now what's his last name?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, Schiller.

Susan Hoffinger: At the time he gave you his first name?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did Keith give you his cell phone number at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And how did he give you his cell phone number?

Stormy Daniels: He actually took my number.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he ask you for your number?

Stormy Daniels: He asked for my number, and I gave him my number. And then me messaged me, and I saved it.

Susan Hoffinger: In other words, you saved his cell phone number in your phone?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you create a contact in your phone for Keith in July of 2006 when he texted you that contact?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we show just to the witness now, People's Exhibit 229-A for identification. Just to the witness, the parties and to the Court.

Susan Hoffinger: Is this also one of the photos that you reviewed on the thumb drive?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What is it?

Stormy Daniels: It is a photo of my phone and the contact in it.

Susan Hoffinger: And is it a particular photo from your phone of the contact for Keith?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, do you notice that the phone number for Keith is redacted to show only the last four digits of his number?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you had a chance to also review and compare it against the original contact in your phone with the full numbers?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Aside from the redactions, is it exactly the same?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is a match.

Susan Hoffinger: I now offer People's Exhibit 229-A in evidence, your Honor.

Susan Necheles: No objection.

Juan Merchan: Was that 228 or 229?

Susan Hoffinger: It was, actually, 229-A. We are jumping a little. We will get back to 228. I apologize.

Juan Merchan: Okay. Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Tell us what that contact shows.

Stormy Daniels: It says -- it is saved under the name, Keith Trump, that I put Trump because I didn't know his last name when I saved it. And then the phone number that he texted me from that I saved.

Susan Hoffinger: And in listing it in your phone as Keith Trump, you said you didn't know his last name, why did you put the name Trump there?

Stormy Daniels: I know a lot of people named Keith, and I wanted to make sure I knew which one, which Keith it was, and because I didn't know his last name, at least I know who he works for. I do that a lot, put the name -- it's stupid -- or I put where they are from.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it the fact that he worked for Mr. Trump that you put the last name Trump in your phone?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you still have Keith's contact in your phone to this day?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, after you left the golf tournament, did you speak with anyone else about the dinner invitation from Mr. Trump that Keith extended to you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Who did you discuss it with?

Stormy Daniels: Immediately, my then publicist. His name was Mike. He was the first, and I think the only one that immediately I talked to about it.

Susan Hoffinger: And what -- could you tell us a little bit about the conversation with Mike and what it led you to end up doing?

Stormy Daniels: So, I was scheduled to have a dinner or to go to dinner with everyone from the company that I worked for, and I really didn't want to go to that dinner. There was a couple of people at that dinner that I didn't want to be around, you know, cat fight and stuff. And so, I said, well, I can go to this, not that I ever would.

Stormy Daniels: And he said, wait, this is amazing. You totally should. What better excuse do you have to get out of this dinner than that you are going to have dinner with Donald Trump. If nothing else, you will get a big story, and it will be good to get you out of this dinner. He said, I think you should go. It will make for a great story.

Stormy Daniels: He is a business guy. Like, what could possibly go wrong? That was his words to me.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he persuade you that it would be good for your career?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, he implied. He said, at the very least, he could probably have some interesting advice. At the best, maybe he can get you a pilot with an agent or something like that.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you end up going to his hotel, Mr. Trump's hotel, to have dinner with him?

Stormy Daniels: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: How did that come about?

Stormy Daniels: Keith messaged me -- I don't remember who messaged first. I messaged back and forth with Keith and set it up to arrange for me to go across town to where Mr. Trump was staying. It was not the same hotel I was staying at, and I meet him for dinner.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recall what hotel Mr. Trump was staying at?

Stormy Daniels: I believe it was Harrah's. It was not the same one as me.

Susan Hoffinger: How did you get to the hotel? How did you travel to the hotel?

Stormy Daniels: So, I was originally was going to walk. I set out to do that and realized that I had made a poor footwear decision and that choice -- and, actually, ended up meeting with a friend of mine about halfway, talking to her, and then I took a car the rest of the way.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you indicate to your friend that you were going to have dinner with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you describe -- do you know, approximately, what time you arrived at Harrah's Hotel that night?

Stormy Daniels: I was in the car, I believe, at sunset.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you describe when you got to the hotel, arriving at the hotel and going inside?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. So, I arrived, and I went upstairs. Keith had given me very specific instructions to take a certain elevator up to the penthouse floor. It was the only way to get there, I guess. And so, I did so, and I went up to that level. And that is where I met Keith. He was waiting for me outside of the door.

Susan Hoffinger: How did you get into Mr. Trump's hotel suite?

Stormy Daniels: The door was actually open. It was cracked open and his bodyguard, Keith, was standing right outside the double doors to his room. He said, hi, nice evening, you look nice, one or two sentences of pleasantries, and said, go on in. The door was already open. So I walked on in. He said, Mr. Trump is there waiting for you.

Susan Hoffinger: You have to slow down a little bit for the court reporter. What were your expectations in going to meet him that night at the hotel room?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't really have any expectations other than he had said, Keith had said, just come up here, meet up here, and then you guys can go downstairs together to one of the -- I mean, the hotel had lots of really nice restaurants. So, we would just go down to have dinner. That was my only expectation, that I would have to have dinner that I didn't want to with somebody else.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you describe the first room that you saw when you entered the hotel suite?

Stormy Daniels: Inside the room?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes. The first room you entered when you entered the penthouse.

Stormy Daniels: It wasn't really a room. It was like a foyer. Foyer.

Susan Hoffinger: What did it look like?

Stormy Daniels: It was just, like a little area, round shape, black and white tiled floors in the center, a big, beautiful wooden table. It looked very heavy, like a mahogany or something, super fancy, with a big flower arrangement and a light above it, and it was very, very nice.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you mention anything about the floor?

Stormy Daniels: The black and white tile.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you mention that? I might have missed it. I apologize. Now, describe, if you would, where you first encountered Mr. Trump inside of the hotel suite?

Stormy Daniels: It was right there inside of the doorway by the table with the flowers. And I called his name. I said, hello. And he came from one of the main areas of the hotel suite.

Susan Hoffinger: What -- did you notice what he was wearing at the time when he came to greet you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. He was wearing silk or satin pajamas, like two-piece pajamas, that I immediately made fun of him for, and said, does Mr. Hefner know you stole his pajamas?

Susan Hoffinger: Who were you referring to when you said, Mr. Hefner?

Stormy Daniels: Hugh Hefner, the owner of Playboy Magazine.

Susan Hoffinger: Was that someone known for wearing pajamas out in public?

Stormy Daniels: It was sort of his signature uniform. He wore satin pajamas all the time.

Susan Hoffinger: What did Mr. Trump do when you said that?

Stormy Daniels: I told him to go change, and he obliged very politely.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he come back at some point in a different outfit?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What was he wearing?

Stormy Daniels: Just a dress shirt and dress pants.

Susan Hoffinger: And what were you doing when he went to go change?

Stormy Daniels: Just kind of walking around, looking around the suite -- it actually was very quick, how fast he changed. It was a very big suite. You know, when you say hotel room, people often think of a hotel room that we are used to and when you walk in there is a bed, a dresser, and that's the connotation that people have in their head when you say a hotel room.

Stormy Daniels: This hotel room was three times the size of my apartment.

Susan Hoffinger: What sort of rooms did you see in the hotel room?

Stormy Daniels: You walked in and --

Susan Hoffinger: My apologies. What did you see in the suite?

Stormy Daniels: Suite. So you walked in this foyer that had a gigantic flower arrangement, as I said, and then you go into a living room area. That was also bigger than the living room in my first three houses, and it was carpet. And like I said, a full-size couch and chair and TV, and over to the left was a like a -- like a bar thing, I guess.

Stormy Daniels: And then a -- like another little room that had a table and chairs. It was almost a full-size dining room table with a full-size -- some people call it a buffet, some people call it a credenza, depending on where you are from. It was all heavy, beautiful furniture. There was another room over that way -- I didn't go into that room.

Stormy Daniels: It was a very big beautiful room. It was nicer than any of my friends' apartments.

Susan Hoffinger: When Mr. Trump came back in the suit -- you said he went to put on a dress shirt. Where did the two of you go at that point?

Stormy Daniels: To the table, I guess the dining room table. The table with the chairs would be where you would have dinner.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you both sit down at that dining room table?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Where was he sitting and where were you sitting?

Stormy Daniels: He was sitting across from me with his back against the wall, and the buffet/credenza was behind him. And I was sitting directly across from him in the main area, the living room bar area, behind me.

Susan Hoffinger: And what, if anything, did Mr. Trump say about talking a while before dinner?

Stormy Daniels: It was a little bit early. I do remember it wasn't even dark outside just yet. It was still some light coming through the windows. And he said, you know, it was a bit early, would you mind like just talking for a bit and get to know each other, and then we can go down or we can stay up or whatever. I said, yes, absolutely.

Stormy Daniels: So I took a seat and we started talking.

Susan Hoffinger: So, what were some of the things that you discussed with him? First, I am going to ask you, did you talk to him about how you grew up?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell the jury a little bit about that.

Stormy Daniels: Yeah. I mean, it's getting to know you. It's pleasantries. Where are you from? What's your family like? Just all of the entry conversation kind of stuff. I told him where I was from. I told him, you know, where I grew up. He asked me -- he asked me about my family. All of those things. Where I went to school.

Stormy Daniels: Did I go to college? Where did I live at that time? Did I have any children? I did not. Was I married? I wasn't then. Did I have a boyfriend? No, I didn't at the time. Just things that I like to do. Generally, get to know you sort of things. And then -- and I don't remember the exact order of everything we discussed, I just remember the conversations.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me just ask a follow-up question. Did you talk to him at all about the conditions of your childhood?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Absolutely.

Susan Hoffinger: That it was a difficult time growing up?

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: That answer is stricken.

Susan Hoffinger: I am moving on to another question. Did he also ask about your work?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell the jury a little bit about that.

Stormy Daniels: He asked how I got involved in the adult entertainment business. I told him that story about how I started dancing and posing for magazines. He was very interested in how I would segue from being a porn star to writing and directing. I did have to immediately lay that misconception that so many have that, yes, some adult films have real scripts and are real movies, not just, oh, I am sorry, Mr. Pizza Boy, which is very offensive to me. So, I did explain to him like different types of adult films, some are scripted.

Stormy Daniels: Some budgets are $5,000 and some budgets are $250. I explained that there is such a budget range and how I got involved in it. He was very interested in a lot of the business aspects of it, which I thought was very cool. He asked questions like, are there any unions? Do you get residuals? How are the people paid?

Stormy Daniels: Do you get health insurance? What about testing? Are you worried about STD's? Do they have a doctor on staff? You know, most of the time, I am trying to be very careful and not say bad words. Most of the people who want to talk to me about work, they want to know the sexy stuff, or the dirty stuff. What's your favorite position?

Stormy Daniels: They want to know the salacious things. These were more very thought-out business questions. I can't tell you if I ever remember someone asking do we have a union and how we get paid and how the testing works in the industry, are we worried about getting pregnant or catching something. So it was a lot of that conversation.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he ask about whether you had ever been tested?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, of course. I volunteered it as well. At the time you -- you will to be tested every 30 days. Today it's every 14 days. You cannot work unless you have a test. And yes, you know, have you ever had a bad test? A bad test is something positive for something. I said, nope. I can show you my entire record.

Stormy Daniels: Anybody in the industry can see anybody's testing. You sort of waive that privilege. But, yes, I have every test that I have ever done for the last X amount of years. At the time it was a month, now it's twice a month. I never had a bad test. I never tested positive for anything.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you talk to him at all about protection, safety?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, a little bit. And I think that's kind of how we segued into the safety conversation. He said, aren't you worried about safety? And I was quick to point out that my time in the industry I chose to work for Wicked Pictures because they are the only condom mandatory company.

Susan Hoffinger: What does that mean?

Stormy Daniels: Which means that even when I was working -- even if a married couple was working together, even if you were going to work with your spouse, for a husband and wife, you live together, when you perform on camera for Wicked Pictures, you have to use a condom. They are the only condom-mandatory company in the adult business.

Susan Hoffinger: Is that one of the reasons that you worked there?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Even when I worked with my husband, I had to use a condom, even though I am allergic to latex. Latex, that type of thing. So, we were talking about that and stuff like that. So, I was like, you know, adult performers are kind of like -- I said, like WWE, like wrestling, because I really wanted to ask him about him making --

Susan Hoffinger: What did he tell you about that?

Stormy Daniels: He said that he was friends with the owner of the company. I don't know if it was Vince McMahon. And I had seen the thing on there about he does stunts, like a guest spot, not really wrestling on WWE.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Daniels, if you can just slow down a little bit so that the court reporter can get what you are saying.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Did he tell you anything about the scripts with respect to his being in the wrestling with Vince McMahon?

Stormy Daniels: Oh, yeah, I made him. The little scenario or plot that he was a part of at the time was some sort of, I don't remember if it was a bet or whatever, but the point was that if he lost that he had to shave his head or Vince McMahon got to shave his head. And Donald Trump has always been famous for his do. And so, I said, well, what are you going to do if you lose?

Stormy Daniels: You do not have the head design to be without hair. Some of us look good bald, some of us don't. I don't think you are that man. And he said, oh, no. No. No. I agree with you. All of that stuff is predetermined. And, you know, I remember he used the word, setup, but it's predetermined in the script that we know the outcome in advance.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me ask you, at some point was there a very brief discussion about his wife, Melania?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Very brief.

Susan Hoffinger: Did this occur in the context of you viewing a picture that included his wife?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. He showed me a few pictures of things. And I said, oh, what about your wife?

Susan Hoffinger: What did he say?

Stormy Daniels: I actually said, she is very beautiful. What about your wife? He said, oh, don't worry about that. We are -- actually don't even sleep in the same room.

Susan Hoffinger: Did there come a time during the discussion with him that he discussed being on the cover of some of his magazines?

Stormy Daniels: Of course.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell us about that.

Stormy Daniels: He would ask me questions and then not let me finish the answer. He kept cutting me off, and it was almost like he wanted to one-up me, which was just really hilarious when you think about it. He just wanted to talk about himself. And he said, have you seen my new magazines? Well, of course you couldn't have seen it. I have a copy.

Stormy Daniels: So he pulled out a magazine, I don't know if it was not released yet or just released, that he was on the cover of. It was not like I made a habit of reading financial magazines. I was just a 27-year-old stripper, but, yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: And what happened with respect to that discussion about magazines?

Stormy Daniels: At this point, I pretty much had enough of his arrogance and cutting me off and still not getting my dinner. So, I decided someone should take him on. So I said, are you always this rude, arrogant and pompous? You don't even know how to have a conversion, and I was pretty nasty. I snapped. And he seemed to be taken aback.

Stormy Daniels: And I said, someone should spank you with that. That's the only interest I have in that magazine. Otherwise, I am leaving.

Susan Hoffinger: What happened?

Stormy Daniels: I don't think he thought I would do it. So, he rolled it up and gave me the look that he dared me to do it. So, now I kind of had to.

Susan Hoffinger: So, what did you do?

Stormy Daniels: So, I took it from him and said, turn around. And I swatted him.

Susan Hoffinger: Where do you swat him?

Stormy Daniels: Right on the butt.

Susan Hoffinger: Right after that, did you continue to sit down and talk?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. And he was much more polite.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you have a discussion with him about The Apprentice?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I think, like I said, we talked about numerous things. We talked about the golf course in Scotland, which to me was very interesting about the environment that was there. We talked about travel. Like I said, there was nothing weird about the conversations except that it wasn't weird, it was like business questions and thought-out questions and thought-out answers, and how did you come up with ideas for my scripts and things like that.

Stormy Daniels: And it was at that point he got really quiet, and he was thinking, and he told me he had an idea, that I should go on his television show.

Susan Hoffinger: Which show?

Stormy Daniels: The Apprentice.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it The Apprentice?

Stormy Daniels: I don't remember the TV show. The Apprentice, I assume it's Celebrity Apprentice. I don't know, The Apprentice. And I said there is no way that they would ever let -- there is no way NBC would ever let an adult actress on television. And I said, even you don't have that much power. And he said that he did.

Stormy Daniels: He said, you remind me of my daughter because she is smart and blond and beautiful and people under estimate her as well. And the way he framed it did actually make perfect sense, because he is all about like PR things, the spin. And he was like, that will really shake things up, and you can go on the show and prove that you are not just a dumb bimbo, you are more than people think and he would get a lot of attention for having this crazy idea.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he say anything else about The Apprentice and what might happen if you went on?

Stormy Daniels: Right. And so, I was -- first of all, there is no way that's going to happen. I knew enough about his ego to know even you don't have that much power, thinking that would also make him want to do it. I was like, people underestimate women, especially people in the adult industry, when they see blond hair and big boobs, and I am a good writer and director.

Stormy Daniels: And he said, this is your chance to have somebody see that part of you. I was like, well, but I am not a business person. I don't have that kind of education. Like, there is no way I could win. What, if, you know -- He said, you don't have to win. You just have to show who you are. I said, what if I lose on the first episode?

Stormy Daniels: That also makes me look bad. People will take that and run with it. You are just an idiot like we all thought you were. And then he said, what if I tell you what the challenges are?

Susan Hoffinger: What did you understand that to mean?

Stormy Daniels: He said, you know, we can kind of like on the wrestling thing, if you know what they are, obviously, I can't have you win, but we can -- I am in control. I know what's going to happen. I can give you some advantage to make sure you at least make a good showing. I said, all right. We will see if I can make that happen.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he suggest that if you did get on The Apprentice what might happen with other aspects of your career?

Stormy Daniels: Just that people might be able to take me serious, know that I wasn't just an airhead. That I could finally -- he knew and we talked essentially about what I really wanted to do, and that is to be taken seriously as a writer and director. And at the time I hadn't done any mainstream writing or directing, and that's still what I wanted to do. I wanted to write and direct film and music videos things like that.

Stormy Daniels: Nothing against the adult entertainment business. I have no shame. That's who I am, but I also wanted to direct other bigger things. They have bigger budgets and better catering. And he was like, this is your chance for somebody to see you and maybe give you that kind of opportunity. So, he pushed it as a win/win.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he ask you about any of the other people that you worked with at Wicked Pictures?

Stormy Daniels: Of course. He asked me multiple times in the conversation, like, who are you? You know, is everybody in the industry friends? Do you all hate each other? Do you love each other? Do you hook up off camera? I don't want to use the word, hook up. Do you sleep with each other off camera? Do you have any friends here?

Stormy Daniels: Well, the girls from Wicked were there. And he said, what about your friends here from Wicked? Of course I shot that down immediately because the whole reason I was having dinner there is because I didn't want to have dinner with one of them.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you call another colleague of yours during this conversation from Wicked?

Stormy Daniels: No, I didn't.

Susan Hoffinger: Not from Wicked. I apologize. Did you call another friend of yours?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell us about that.

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I bumped into a friend of mine that was in town. She was actually one of my neighbors as well. I had no idea that she was in Lake Tahoe. She was not there for the golf tournament. I literally walked into her while I was walking down the street with another girl from the industry getting a tattoo at a tattoo parlor.

Stormy Daniels: And as I was walking, she called my name. Her name is Alana. And she is who I bumped into on my way over there and the one I told I was on my way to see him. And I know she didn't believe me. So when he was like, do you know anybody else? I also had two reasons for calling Alana. One because I am telling the truth.

Stormy Daniels: I am with Donald Trump. And, two, he asked me to call one of my friends and I didn't want to call my colleague from Wicked.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you end up calling your friend Alana from the hotel room?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you put her on speaker?

Stormy Daniels: Yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: What, if any, conversation did you and Mr. Trump have with Alana on speaker?

Stormy Daniels: He said, hello, which meant that I won that bet. I know she didn't believe me, and they talked. And she said, what are you guys doing? And he said, we are just hanging out. Why don't you come over and hang out with us? And she, I can't remember what kind of excuse she made. She said, yeah, I will call you back in a little bit or whatever.

Stormy Daniels: She didn't. Time just kept going by. I called her and nothing. We didn't get a good -- I called her a few more times and it went to voicemail.

Susan Hoffinger: When you called her and had her on speaker phone, did Mr. Trump ask her to come over and join you as well?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Approximately, how long in total were you talking in the suite with Mr. Trump, sitting, as you said, in the dining room-type area?

Stormy Daniels: Well, close to two hours. It was a long time.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, at that point, meaning after all of that discussion that you just described, did you sense any red flags or reason that you where concerned about being there?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: At some point did you need to use the restroom?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you tell --

Juan Merchan: Is this a good time to take a break?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes, it is, Judge.

Juan Merchan: Let's take our morning recess. Please remember all of my instructions as you step out.

Court Officer: All rise.

Juan Merchan: Please be seated. You can step down.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Note: [Discussion is held at sidebar, on the record.]

Juan Merchan: I understand that your client is upset at this point, but he is cursing audibly, and he is shaking his head visually and that's contemptuous. It has the potential to intimidate the witness and the jury can see that.

Todd Blanche: I will talk to him.

Juan Merchan: So, I am speaking to you here at the bench because I don't want to embarrass him.

Todd Blanche: I will talk to him.

Juan Merchan: You need to speak to him. I won't tolerate that.

Todd Blanche: I will talk to him.

Juan Merchan: One time I noticed when Ms. Daniels was testifying about rolling up the magazine, and presumably smacking your client, and after that point he shook his head and he looked down. And, later, I think he was looking at you, Mr. Blanche, later when we were talking about The Apprentice, at that point he again uttered a vulgarity and looked at you this time.

Juan Merchan: Please talk to him at the break.

Todd Blanche: Yes, I will.

Note: [Whereupon, Principal Court Reporter Susan Pearce-Bates was relieved by Senior Court Reporter Theresa Magniccari.]

Juan Merchan: Case on trial continued. Just two things. Mr. Blanche, did you speak to your client?

Todd Blanche: Yes your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Hoffinger, I think the degree of detail that we're going into here is just unnecessary. We don't need to know the details of the conversations, what the suite looked like, or anything like that. When she comes back to the stand, you can move along more quickly.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the witness.

Note: [Witness entering courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: Welcome back, Ms. Daniels.

Stormy Daniels: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury.

Sergeant: All rise. Jury entering.

Note: [Jury entering courtroom.]

Juan Merchan: Please be seated.

Court Clerk: All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Hoffinger.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Now, before we broke, Ms. Daniels, we were talking about the discussions you had in the hotel suite. Did there come a time that you needed to use the restroom?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you tell us just about that?

Stormy Daniels: I had been there for quite a while, I drank a couple of bottles of water, which is all we were drinking. It was water. And I needed to use the ladies room. So I asked if that was possible. So I was instructed to go through the living room and to the bedroom and to help myself to the facilities.

Susan Hoffinger: When you say you were directed, who directed you?

Stormy Daniels: Mr. Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you describe -- you said you went through a bedroom to get to the bathroom?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I went out of the dining room area, through the living room, through a bedroom, into what I assume is the master bedroom. It was a very large, beautiful bathroom.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you see inside the bathroom?

Stormy Daniels: So I walked through the bedroom. I did notice that the bed was unmade, but there were no personal items around. And I entered the bathroom. I went into the separate area where the toilet actually was and used the bathroom, came out, and was washing my hands and touching up my lipstick. I did notice someone had obviously been using the restroom.

Stormy Daniels: There were towels and stuff that was open. There was a leather, or like a leather looking toiletry bag on the counter with products and stuff in it, which, you know --

Susan Hoffinger: What do you remember about what was inside?

Stormy Daniels: I did look. I'm not proud of it. I wondered what is in here. And I noticed the toiletry was -- the items were Old Spice and Pert Plus. I thought that was both amusing and odd. And a manicure set, which was gold, gold tweezers and all gold things. I finished washing my hands and touched my makeup up. Then I walked out of the bathroom.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you try to call anybody while you were inside the bathroom? Al anaAlina was not answering her phone. In fact, I wish I had a cell phone camera. If I did, I definitely would have taken a picture of that. I even thought, woe, this is crazy.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you try to call her while you were inside the bathroom?

Stormy Daniels: I believe so. Her phone was going straight to voicemail. At this point she wanted no part of whatever I had going on.

Susan Hoffinger: What happened when you left the bathroom?

Stormy Daniels: When I came out of the bathroom, I expected to exit, go around the bed and back out to where we had been sitting and talking and hopefully say, Okay, time to go, I have been here for a long time. That was actually when I realized how long I had been there. And when I opened the bathroom door to come out, Mr. Trump had come into the bedroom and was on the bed, basically between myself and the exit.

Susan Hoffinger: What was he wearing at the time?

Stormy Daniels: His boxer shorts and t-shirt.

Susan Hoffinger: What was your reaction to seeing him like that?

Stormy Daniels: At first, I was just startled, like jump scare. I wasn't expecting someone to be there, especially minus a lot of clothing. That's when I had that moment where I felt the room spin in slow motion. I felt the blood basically leave my hands and my feet and almost like if you stand up too fast, and everything kind of spinned, that happened too.

Stormy Daniels: Then I just thought, oh, my God, what did I misread to get here. Because the intention was pretty clear, somebody stripped down in their underwear and posing on the bed, like waiting for you.

Susan Hoffinger: What happened when you came out of the bathroom, did he stay on the bed?

Stormy Daniels: When I exited, he was just up on the bed like this [Indicating].

Susan Hoffinger: What happened after that?

Stormy Daniels: And I went to step around. I laughed nervously, and, you know, tried to make a joke out of it, and step around and leave. Even though I was moving like I was in a funhouse, like slow motion. I thought to myself, Great. I put myself in this bad situation, like what did I do, how did I misread everything. He stood up between me and the door, not in a threatening manner.

Stormy Daniels: He didn't come at me. He didn't rush at me. He didn't put his hands on me and nothing like that. I said, I got to go. He said, I thought we were getting somewhere, we were talking, and I thought you were serious about what you wanted. If you ever want to get out of that trailer park -- basically, I was offended because I never lived in a trailer park.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Move along.

Stormy Daniels: I am sorry, Judge. I don't understand.

Juan Merchan: The objection is sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: You were both standing up at this time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And what happened next, briefly?

Stormy Daniels: I just think I blacked out. I was not drugged. I never insinuated that I was on drugs. I was not drunk. I never said anything of that sort. I just don't remember --

Susan Necheles: I object.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you at some point --

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Juan Merchan: Tell me what your objection is?

Susan Necheles: She is making it sound like she was drugged.

Susan Hoffinger: She said she wasn't drugged.

Susan Necheles: She said she is dizzy, she blacked out.

Juan Merchan: I got the impression she was saying she wasn't drugged. She is not suggesting she was drugged. I sustained your objection. If you want -- I got the impression -- Do you want to consult with the other lawyers.

Susan Hoffinger: I can clarify, if you would like.

Susan Necheles: I think it should be clarified. She is not saying she was not.

Susan Hoffinger: Sure, I can do that.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: The objection is sustained.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: I want to clarify and ask you to slow down so the reporter can understand you. Were you saying you were not drugged in any way, is that correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: You had not had any alcohol in any way?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. And that's what you were trying to convey?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: So, he was standing up and you were standing up. What were your relative heights?

Stormy Daniels: I am 5'6", 5'7", and I don't know how tall he was, definitely several inches taller and much larger.

Susan Hoffinger: But you said you didn't feel threatened, is that right?

Susan Necheles: Objection, leading.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you feel threatened by him?

Stormy Daniels: No, not physically. Although, I did note there was a bodyguard right outside the door. There was an imbalance of power for sure. He was bigger and blocking the way. But, I mean, I was not threatened verbally or physically.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you briefly describe, at some point, did you end up on the bed having sex?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you very briefly describe where you had sex with him?

Stormy Daniels: The next thing I know, I was on the bed, somehow on the opposite side of the bed from where we had been standing. I had my clothes and shoes off. I believe my bra, however, was still on. We were in the missionary position.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Without describing the position, do you remember how your clothes got off?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Is that a memory that has not come back to you?

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: You don't at this point remember, is that correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you end up having sex with him on the bed?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And do you know -- withdrawn. Do you have a recollection of feeling something unusual that you have a memory of?

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: What, if anything -- do you remember anything other than the fact that you had sex on the bed?

Stormy Daniels: I was staring at the ceiling. I didn't know how I got there. I made note, like I was trying to think about anything other than what was happening there.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: I move to strike.

Juan Merchan: The answer is stricken.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you touch his skin?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Was he wearing a condom?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Was that concerning to you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you say anything about it?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't say anything at all.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recall how it ended, the sex?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it brief?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you remember at some point getting dressed?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And tell us what you recall about getting dressed?

Stormy Daniels: Sitting on end of the bed, noticing that it was completely dark outside now, and that it was -- it was really hard to get my shoes on, my hands were shaking so hard. I had on tiny little -- they was strappy gold heels with little tiny buckles. My hands were shaking so hard. I was having a hard time getting dressed.

Stormy Daniels: He said, "Oh, great. Let's get together again honey bunch. We were great together." I just wanted to leave.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you say no at any time during sex with him?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: Because I didn't say anything at all.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you notice afterwards a DVD on the side table?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. The DVD I had given him earlier in the gift bag from the show was on the nightstand, that I signed.

Susan Hoffinger: When you were leaving and you went to leave, what, if anything, did you do or say?

Stormy Daniels: He said, "We have to get together again soon." He went to kiss me goodbye. I just left as fast as I could. You know, that was it.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he say anything to you about talking again?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. He said, "We should get together again. We were fantastic together. I want to get you on the show." And that was it. He didn't give me anything. He didn't offer to pay me or anything or a cell phone number or anything like that.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he ask you to keep your encounter with him confidential?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he express any concern at that point about his wife finding out?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you end up having dinner in his room that night?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: You said it was dark out when you left?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And do you recall how you got back to your hotel?

Stormy Daniels: It was a cab.

Susan Hoffinger: After that night, did you tell anybody else about what happened?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Just give us a sense of the people that you told and what you told them?

Stormy Daniels: I told very few people that we had actually had sex because I felt ashamed that I didn't stop it, that I didn't say no. A lot of people would just assume -- they would make jokes out of it. I didn't think it was funny. I didn't want to hear about it, or assume that I was paid prostitute, which I wasn't. So I told very few people.

Stormy Daniels: I also didn't want it to get back to anybody that I was dating.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: There are some details that you said you still don't remember?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did there come a time some years after the encounter with Mr. Trump that you remembered some additional details about what happened that you hadn't remembered earlier?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you tell the jury about that?

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Stormy Daniels: So most of everything I said I have said consistently, every interview in the book.

Susan Hoffinger: Just to direct you, were there certain things that you always remembered --

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: -- about what happened in the room?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: You always remembered that you had sex with him, for example?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Please approach.

Juan Merchan: Your objection is to leading?

Susan Necheles: The objection to leading, but I am also objecting to the witness just going off on tangents.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Hoffinger is doing some leading. I will sustain your objection as to leading. But I think that is what Ms. Hoffinger is trying to do, she is trying to direct her. I think that might be the safer course.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, I understand that. The problem is, that she is also leading her through a set of things: What do you remember? And, so -- and obviously the problem with leading, it suggests answers sometimes. So I understand that -- maybe if your Honor could direct the witness to just answer the questions.

Susan Hoffinger: I think that she has answered my questions. I think asking her to answer my questions is not necessarily probative. But I would say, I have been leading her to try to be cognizant of the Judge's decision. I have had a chance to talk to her about it. I was trying to lead her. Second, Ms. Necheles has made very clear her story has changed and is going to. So I need to elicit there were certain things she always remembered, but she did have an experience in 2019 when she saw the movie Bombshell that caused her to remember some additional details.

Susan Hoffinger: That is what I am trying to bring out.

Juan Merchan: What was the Bombshell?

Susan Hoffinger: It was a movie about Roger Ailes. That is how she remembered what he said to her when she came out of the bathroom, which was about the trailer park.

Susan Necheles: She did mention trailer park, and that's why I objected. That is not necessary.

Juan Merchan: Sure. We need some finality in this case.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. I will try to direct her a little bit around that. I don't need to ask the last question, which was, were there things you always remembered, which I can go straight to the Bombshell movie, what happened, how she remembers additional details.

Susan Necheles: It goes to the thing that she said about the trailer park, I have to cross-examine her. But we believe that this has now introduced -- and what the prosecution is going to do is introduce even more this whole theory of inappropriate power being used, and when she said it was undue influence being used, an imbalance.

Juan Merchan: I think we need to stay the course. Avoid anything that is going to get us into trouble. I will let you ask the question again. If she doesn't answer directly, I will ask her to answer the question.

Susan Necheles: The Bombshell stuff?

Juan Merchan: Not coming in.

Susan Hoffinger: You want me to not ask the question?

Juan Merchan: Don't ask it.

Susan Hoffinger: Can I on redirect, if they question on cross?

Juan Merchan: Yes.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Ms. Daniels, did you see Mr. Trump again in Tahoe the next day?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell the jury about that.

Stormy Daniels: The next day I met him, this time at my hotel, at a nightclub restaurant bar downstairs.

Susan Hoffinger: What was going on in your hotel that night?

Stormy Daniels: It was all part of the same event, the charity event. They did a silent auction. They had cocktails, however, whatever. I met him at one of the nightclubs there.

Susan Hoffinger: So that was part of your participating in the things that Wicked was doing for this golf tournament?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: You met him there. Where was it? Did you say it was in the lobby?

Stormy Daniels: The nightclub, a bar, like in the lobby of the hotel. It was a nightclub.

Susan Hoffinger: Did anyone call you before going there to indicate that Mr. Trump was going to be there?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Keith said he wanted to talk to me again, would I be willing to meet him. This time it was in public. I said, yes. And when I arrived, he was sitting at a booth in a nightclub. It was dark. There was loud music, drinking. He wasn't drinking, but it was a bar. He was with his friend and bodyguard.

Susan Hoffinger: And when you say "his friend," do you know who his friend was?

Stormy Daniels: Ben Roethlisberger from the Pittsburgh Steelers.

Susan Hoffinger: Did Mr. Trump say hello to you and introduce you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What did he say?

Stormy Daniels: He introduced me as his little friend Stormy to Big Ben, the football player, and we sat down. I remember it clearly because I talked Ben into letting me try on his Superbowl ring and two of my fingers fit into it.

Susan Hoffinger: When you say "Big Ben," is that how Mr. Trump referred to Mr. Roethlisberger?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What, if anything, did you discuss at the table with Mr. Trump or Mr. Roethlisberger?

Stormy Daniels: It was really loud. I mean, it was very, very brief. They were talking. I think they had been having a conversation when I arrived. They kind of continued it out of earshot. They were whispering to each other. Then he said -- he did come back to me: Hey, everything about our idea, I think it's good. I got to get back home and figure out how to get you on the show.

Stormy Daniels: He took a call. He was very busy. He left and said: "You know, I am going to have Ben walk you back to your room," and, "Ben, would you mind seeing her up?" It was very, very short. Maybe ten minutes that I was there.

Susan Hoffinger: And Ben walked you up to your room?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you leave Lake Tahoe the next day?

Stormy Daniels: I believe it was the next day, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And do you recall the first person you did tell about having that sexual encounter with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: I think Keith. Not the same Keith. Keith, my friend. I rented his house. He was one of my best friends. He was like my dad. And my makeup artist, Christine.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you tell either of them all the details of what occurred in the room or just some of them?

Stormy Daniels: Most of them.

Susan Hoffinger: And were there others that you told about some of it?

Stormy Daniels: Sure.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you tell those folks, did you tell them all of what happened?

Stormy Daniels: There were several people that I told. I told lots and lots of people that I had told that I had gone to his room and that I had met him. It wasn't a secret at all. I told scores of people that. The sex part, I told very few very close people, like Kieth, who was photographer/best friend/family, and my makeup artist, who is my very best friend and confidante.

Stormy Daniels: Her name is Christine. And my assistant at the time. My assistant, her name is Yoli.

Susan Hoffinger: Did Mr. Trump call you after that encounter in July of 2006 in Tahoe?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell us about that, how often he would call you?

Stormy Daniels: He would call on average once a week. Sometimes two or three times a week. Sometimes not at all for three weeks. He would always call. I was working a lot at the time. I was shooting a lot, I was directing photo shoots for magazines or whatever. I always put him on speakerphone. We thought it was funny. I put him on speakerphone and dozens and dozens of people heard me on the phone with him.

Stormy Daniels: It was not a secret. My entire crew and cast, especially my cameraman and makeup artist. He always definitely loaded the call with an update or a non-update, if he didn't have one, for The Apprentice, and always talked about when we could get together again. Did I miss him? He always called me honey bunch.

Stormy Daniels: And when was I going to be in New York. Did I need anything? He was working on the The Apprentice thing. He would say, I didn't have a chance to talk to him.

Susan Hoffinger: When you put him on speakerphone, did you tell him he was on speaker?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he ever tell you during those calls that you should keep it confidential and not tell anyone?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you continue to take his calls?

Stormy Daniels: Because I did tell my publicist, Mike, about The Apprentice thing. He took great pride in telling me he told me to go to that dinner --

Juan Merchan: Ms. Daniels, listen to the question and answer the question.

Stormy Daniels: -- to go and meet him was good.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you continue to take his calls?

Stormy Daniels: My publicist thought it was good to continue my conversations with him about the television show.

Susan Hoffinger: At some point, did Mr. Trump give you his work number?

Stormy Daniels: He gave me his assistant's number.

Susan Hoffinger: And did he give that to you over the phone or in person?

Stormy Daniels: Over the phone.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did he tell you about that number that he gave you?

Stormy Daniels: That it was a person who worked closest with him. She -- her name was Rhona. I remember writing it down on the notepad in my house while I was on the phone. If I ever need to get a hold of him, she would know how.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you remember, approximately, when he gave you that phone number?

Stormy Daniels: I know where I was at, what house I was living in. I know it was late Summer of 2006.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did you do with the number when he gave it to you?

Stormy Daniels: I wrote it down on a piece of paper next to my bed and I entered it into the phone.

Susan Hoffinger: When you say you "entered it into your phone," did you put it into your phone contacts?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Sorry.

Susan Hoffinger: That's all right.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we show now just to the witness to the Court and the parties People's Exhibit 228A for identification.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize that, Ms. Daniels?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What do you recognize that to be?

Stormy Daniels: That is a picture of Rhona's contact in my phone.

Susan Hoffinger: And do you notice that the phone number is redacted to show only the last four digits of the number?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Had you reviewed it and compared it to the original contact without that redaction?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Are they exactly the same other than the redaction?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Other than the redaction, is that an exact copy of the contact that you entered into your phone for Rhona when you received it from Mr. Trump sometime in 2006?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: I offer People's Exhibit 228A into evidence.

Juan Merchan: Any objection?

Susan Necheles: No objection.

Juan Merchan: 228A is accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, People's Exhibit 228A was received into evidence.]

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: What did the contact read at the time?

Stormy Daniels: The name?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes.

Stormy Daniels: "D. Trump Rona."

Susan Hoffinger: And why did you enter it that way, "D. Trump Rona?"

Stormy Daniels: Well, I didn't want to type Donald Trump, so I put in Rona. The same thing, I didn't know her last name. So it's kind of like the Keith one, it's how I remember it, what it was for, and if I needed to get a hold of him. That's why his name was first. I needed to get a hold of a woman named Rhona.

Susan Hoffinger: You can take it down. Now, please, show what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 83. Actually, you can show it on all the screens. Thank you. Maybe we can blow it up.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you see People's 83, a contact that says "Stormy Daniels" with a mobile phone number?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize those last four digits of the phone number there?

Stormy Daniels: I do.

Susan Hoffinger: What are they?

Stormy Daniels: The last four digits of my phone.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you previously reviewed that exhibit without the redactions?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And can you confirm that what is redacted is the rest of your cell phone number?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you still have the same telephone number that you did back in 2006 and 2007?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you. You can take it down.

Susan Hoffinger: I want to direct your attention to January 17th or so of 2007. Did you meet with Mr. Trump at the launch of his Trump Vodka brand at a location in Hollywood, California, called Les Deux?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How did that come about?

Stormy Daniels: I guess he was having a party for his vodka release party, he reached out and asked me if I would attend.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you agree to go?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you agree to go?

Stormy Daniels: For the same reason, I wanted to maintain that sort of relationship because the celebrity -- the chance to be on the The Apprentice was still up in the air and it would have been a great thing. It would have been great for my career, especially when it was framed as being a writer and director. It was a public event.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Daniels, please keep the answer short. Listen to the question and answer the question. The objection is overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you go alone or with others?

Stormy Daniels: I went with two friends.

Susan Hoffinger: What were the first names of the two friends that went with you?

Stormy Daniels: Just first names?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes.

Stormy Daniels: Tara and Evan.

Susan Hoffinger: Were the two of them, Tara and Evan, among the friends who you had told about some of the details about what had occurred with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Some of the details, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: When you saw -- did you meet up with Mr. Trump when you got there?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I rode there with my friend, and we immediately walked the red carpet and went to his VIP booth.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you meet him at the VIP booth?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How did he greet you?

Stormy Daniels: He leaned over and gave me a kiss and shook my friends' hands.

Susan Hoffinger: Were there other people around when he greeted you?

Stormy Daniels: Of course. There were hundreds of people there.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he appear to be concerned about meeting you there or greeting you?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he introduce you to anybody memorable when you were there?

Stormy Daniels: A few people. One of them was his friend Karen.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you know Karen's last name?

Stormy Daniels: Not at the time.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you know her last name now?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What is it?

Stormy Daniels: McDougal.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you know -- did you know who she was at the time?

Stormy Daniels: I did not.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, did you introduce your friends to Mr. Trump as well?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did.

Susan Hoffinger: About how long were you there?

Stormy Daniels: Between an hour and a half and two hours.

Susan Hoffinger: And did he ask you to see him again?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. He spent most of the time talking to my friend. Every time I came over, he asked me if I would go back with him that night.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you tell him?

Stormy Daniels: I lied to him and said that my friend -- I lied to him and said we were flying out on a girls trip out of LAX that night.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention to a few months later, about March of 2007. Did you visit with Mr. Trump at Trump Tower at about that time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How did that come about?

Stormy Daniels: He said if I was ever in New York that I should stop by and we should get together, I should see Trump Tower, we could have a meeting about the show. I was here on unrelated business, I was working, I was dancing at a club, and I hit him up. I thought it would be great if I could get him to come to the club and see me, but he, instead, invited me to his office building.

Stormy Daniels: And the same thing, I reached out to Rhona as instructed, and my assistant and I went to Trump Tower to meet with him.

Susan Hoffinger: You said you asked him to come to the show where you were going to be performing?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did do you that?

Stormy Daniels: It was a public place. Lots of witnesses.

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Was there a reason you thought it would be good for the club if he showed up?

Stormy Daniels: It would be good for the club and safer.

Susan Necheles: Objection, and move to strike.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. The answer is stricken.

Susan Hoffinger: What happened when you got to Trump Tower?

Stormy Daniels: Like when I walked in?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes.

Stormy Daniels: I was greeted warmly. I was expected. They were expecting me. And I went up to his office to greet him, my assistant and I, she was with me.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you meet his assistant, Rhona, in the reception area upstairs?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And were you ushered into his office with your assistant?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you have a discussion in there with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, just generally, what was the discussion?

Stormy Daniels: It was very brief. He was very busy. People were in and out. He introduced me to a couple of other people when I was there, and he was in a meeting with somebody when I got there. Then he had another meeting come in. It was a gentlemen with an accent. It was very sort of rushed. At one point he did step out and leave us in the office.

Stormy Daniels: We took selfies. He said: "I don't have a lot of time. I wanted you to stop by. I wanted to say hi." It was always: "I am still working on the The Apprentice thing," it got pushed back, I got it, that kind of thing. It was always very, very brief.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he also end up inviting you to another event?

Stormy Daniels: He invited -- well, okay. My assistant loved beauty pageants. He was sort of in the midst of dealing with his upcoming pageant. He offered us tickets, if we wanted to go.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he arrange for tickets for you to go?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, he did.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you end up going to the Miss USA Pageant with your assistant?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, at his invitation.

Susan Hoffinger: You said it was very brief at Trump Tower?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he appear to be concerned about anybody seeing you at Trump Tower?

Stormy Daniels: Oh, no, he introduced me to everybody. He just seemed busy.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention now to the Miss USA Pageant. How did you end up getting into the pageant?

Stormy Daniels: It was in California. It was in Hollywood. And he left tickets under my name at Will Call for my assistant and I.

Susan Hoffinger: Was he there at the time?

Stormy Daniels: He was there, but I didn't see him. Or, I didn't speak to him, I saw him on stage.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you speak to him after the pageant?

Stormy Daniels: A few times.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, after the Miss USA Pageant, sometime around the Summer of 2007, did you meet with him again in L.A.?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How did that come about?

Stormy Daniels: Same way I always did. He would call from a New York number or from Keith's number and/or Rhona's number, I guess, and said he was going to be in L.A, he had the final information almost all sorted out for the show, would I meet him again for dinner at his bungalow, the Beverly Hills Hotel.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you end up going to the bungalow?

Stormy Daniels: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: And how did you get there?

Stormy Daniels: Mike, who was previously my publicist, we were now dating, he drove me in my car.

Susan Hoffinger: And had you told your boyfriend at that time about what exactly had happened in the hotel room with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Not the sexual part.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: Because I was ashamed.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you decide to go meet him at the bungalow?

Stormy Daniels: To speak. Mike did know about The Apprentice thing. If I suddenly didn't want to do it, it would be very weird.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you meet anyone outside? How did you get into his bungalow?

Stormy Daniels: He gave me specific instructions. The place is kind of complicated to pull up to. His bodyguard, Keith, met me at my car, and Mike stayed in the car. He escorted me through like these back patios to his particular building.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you ask your boyfriend to just wait for you?

Stormy Daniels: It was pretty common.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you go into the bungalow to meet with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And tell us a little bit about what you discussed with him in the bungalow?

Stormy Daniels: Same sort of thing. He was busy. He was on the phone. When I got there, there were several phone calls. He was watching television. I said, you know, what are we having for dinner? He was watching a documentary. We were talking about the documentary that he was watching about some sailors that got killed by sharks or submarines.

Stormy Daniels: He kept trying to make sexual advances, putting his hand on my leg, scooting closer, giving me compliments.

Susan Hoffinger: What was your response?

Stormy Daniels: I told him I was on my period.

Susan Hoffinger: But you told him you did not want to, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was there more discussion about the The Apprentice?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. But a lot less than I thought there would be, no real update.

Susan Hoffinger: And about how long did you stay?

Stormy Daniels: Two hours, tops. More than an hour, less than two.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did he say when you were leaving, when you decided to go?

Stormy Daniels: "Want to get together again? I missed you." You know, the usual.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he on that occasion tell you to keep it confidential and not to tell anyone?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely not.

Susan Hoffinger: Did he appear to be concerned with anybody else finding out that you were there with him?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely not.

Susan Hoffinger: Was that the last time that you saw him in person?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did he call you after this meeting in the bungalow in L.A., did he call you again?

Stormy Daniels: Like that night?

Susan Hoffinger: Did he call you another time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Approximately, how many times did he call you?

Stormy Daniels: A few more times. One was to tell me that he could not get me on the television show, that he had been overruled by his -- he had been overruled by someone higher up's wife having a problem. He owed it to them to go with their opinion, I guess. And he tried a couple of more times, I did not answer his call.

Stormy Daniels: Then one time I did answer, it was a New York number, I didn't always know that it was him, to tell me that he did not know that Jenna Jameson was going to be on the show.

Susan Hoffinger: Who was Jenna Jameson?

Stormy Daniels: She is another adult film actress. She wasn't a contestant on the show. Her then fiance or husband at this time was Tito Ortiz, an MMA fighter, and he was on the show. She made a guest appearance and some stuff. He thought I was going to be mad. I didn't care.

Susan Hoffinger: You didn't care at that point?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Was that the last time you spoke to him by telephone or in person?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And after, did you sort of stop taking calls? How did you know that -- did you know one way or the other whether he called you again?

Stormy Daniels: I think he did a couple of more times. I have no way of knowing for sure. It would be a blocked number or a New York number. I didn't have a lot of people from New York calling.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you stop answering those calls?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: At that point, did you move on with your life?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely.

Susan Hoffinger: For the next three years, January of 2008 until about May of 2011 or so, what did your life look like?

Stormy Daniels: It was pretty awesome. I got a raise. I was directing a lot more movies, a lot more mainstream things. That's when I did the 40 Year Old Virgin and all those big movies. I started directing music videos. I got married. I had my daughter. Became a nationally-ranked equestrian with my horses.

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it.

Stormy Daniels: Bought a house. Moved to Texas.

Susan Hoffinger: Any interactions during that time with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention now to about May of 2011, did you agree at that time to be interviewed for an article by a magazine called In Touch?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, first of all, what is In Touch?

Stormy Daniels: It's an entertainment magazine, like a sort of tabloid, fluff magazine.

Susan Hoffinger: How did that come about, that you agreed to be interviewed by In Touch?

Stormy Daniels: One of the other performers at Wicked, Randy Spears, his wife did entertainment, like PR management. Her name is Gina. She reached out to me and said that someone had sold a story about me and Mr. Trump to In Touch, or to a magazine -- I am not sure if she said In Touch -- to a magazine, and they were going to do a story, and I freaked out.

Stormy Daniels: I don't know who leaked it. I had just had my daughter. I said no at first. She said, they're going to run it anyway, better that you take control. I didn't have money at the time. You can't let somebody else make the money off of you. You can make sure that it's accurate and get paid.

Note: [Whereupon, Theresa Magniccari was relieved by Laurie Eisenberg, as Senior Court Reporter.]

Susan Hoffinger: I'm going to ask you just to slow down again so that the court reporters can get you down.

Stormy Daniels: I'm so sorry.

Susan Hoffinger: So, she said you can either take control of it and get paid or someone else will have control of it?

Stormy Daniels: Or someone else can basically speak for you and make the money from it, and who knows what they'll say.

Susan Hoffinger: What was the -- if you agreed to do the interview and get paid, would your agent -- Gina Rodriguez was your agent?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Would Gina also get paid as a result?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you decide to do a brief interview with In Touch?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you decide to do it?

Stormy Daniels: For the reasons I just said. I would rather make money than people make money off of me, and at least I could control the narrative.

Susan Hoffinger: How much were you supposed to get paid for the article?

Stormy Daniels: $15,000.

Susan Hoffinger: You said you just had your daughter. Were you doing less work at that time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Approximately how long was the interview that you had?

Stormy Daniels: It was a phone interview, like between 10 and 20 minutes.

Susan Hoffinger: What was your understanding about whether this article was meant to be for entertainment purposes?

Stormy Daniels: One was for In Touch magazine. In Touch is like -- it's a gossip magazine.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you discuss with In Touch all of the details of what happened in the room at Harrah's with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: No. I tried to keep it fairly light-hearted and quickly to the point.

Susan Hoffinger: Did In Touch end up running that story in 2011?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: And, at the time, did you know why they didn't run the story?

Stormy Daniels: Not exactly, no. No, I -- I know what I was told.

Susan Hoffinger: May we approach just for a moment?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, we're now at the point at which I would elicit that in 2011, she had an encounter in a parking lot with a gentleman who said, "Leave it alone," about the article. I would like to elicit it because, again, it's been brought out on cross-examination with Keith Davidson. It also goes to explain that, because she felt threatened, why she made certain decisions about what to discuss when and what not to discuss when publicly, and why she agreed to go public with the NDA.

Susan Hoffinger: I want to make sure I'm staying in line with your Honor's directive.

Susan Necheles: She didn't make this claim at the time. It's much later that she starts saying she was threatened. In 2018, she said she was threatened. In 2011, she'll say she didn't tell anybody about it. We'll get into that whole sideshow, and it puts a spectre of --

Juan Merchan: Are you bringing that in on cross-examination?

Susan Necheles: If she brings it in.

Susan Hoffinger: It's already been brought up.

Juan Merchan: What did the person say?

Susan Hoffinger: She was in the car with her daughter, and the person said, "It would be a shame if something happened to your daughter." They brought it out. And it's been the basis for the defamation claim. That's how they brought it out.

Juan Merchan: Remind me how.

Susan Hoffinger: In the opening statement, they said the courts have decided how she owed him legal fees. Michael Avenatti, in 2018, released a sketch of a man in the car who threatened her. Mr. Trump said, "It's a con job." Mr. Avenatti said it was not. Mr. Avenatti said it was defamation. The Court said it was hyperbole and not defamation.

Susan Hoffinger: Mr. Trump, as a result, was awarded legal fees. They brought it out on cross-examination. I don't want to leave it to their cross-examination.

Susan Necheles: We're going into the fact that she owes money to Trump, and she hasn't paid it.

Juan Merchan: I do recall you bringing that out.

Susan Necheles: We were going on the fact --

Juan Merchan: The jury, now, is wondering: Why? What is she talking about? Why did this happen? I think the jury is entitled to know what led up to that, which you introduced.

Susan Hoffinger: I'll do it briefly.

Juan Merchan: Very briefly.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Susan Hoffinger: Ms. Daniels, some weeks after you were interviewed by In Touch, did you have an experience in about June of 2011 with an encounter in a parking lot in Las Vegas?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Will you tell the jury, just briefly, what happened.

Stormy Daniels: Um, my daughter, who was an infant at the time, was -- my daughter and I went to a, um, like postpartum -- like a workout for a Mommy and Me workout thing. And I was approached by a man in the parking lot in Las Vegas in the center of -- of a shopping center that the class was located in. And I thought he was the father or the husband of one of the other women in the class.

Stormy Daniels: And he approached me and said that -- he threatened me not to continue to tell my story.

Susan Hoffinger: When you say "to continue to tell" your "story", about who?

Stormy Daniels: About my encounter with Mr. Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you tell the police at the time?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: 'Cause he told me not to say anything at all. And I was scared. Um, and I didn't want more of the story coming out. My daughter's father also was struggling with his own personal issues at the time.

Susan Hoffinger: So, did you tell your boyfriend at the time --

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: -- about the encounter?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: That's because you were concerned about him?

Susan Necheles: Objection to leading.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you not tell him?

Stormy Daniels: Um, he was struggling mentally with some postpartum stuff with our daughter and his alcoholism. Um, and I had never told him about the fact that I'd had sex with Trump. So, for me to tell him then, at that moment, when his whole world was exploding, would have just not been good at all, on any level.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, let me direct your attention to about October of 2011. Did you become aware at around that time that an article had come out and been posted online about your encounter with Mr. Trump on a site called thedirty.com?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Gina called and told me.

Susan Hoffinger: Would that be Gina Rodriguez?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you just tell the jury, what is thedirty.com, first?

Stormy Daniels: It is not a site that I look at, so I'm not entirely sure. But, it is the online equivalent to a tabloid. A gossip site. Trash site.

Susan Hoffinger: You said Gina Rodriguez told you there was something up on thedirty.com?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. She called and told me about it. I think she might have sent me a link, and I looked at it. It's not a site I looked at at the time. Celebrity gossip site.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you provide information to that site?

Stormy Daniels: No. I never even heard of that site at that time.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you concerned about it being up at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why were you concerned?

Stormy Daniels: Because I had been threatened, and I didn't want the person who threatened me and my baby thinking I had done it.

Susan Hoffinger: At that point, did you want it taken down?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely.

Susan Hoffinger: What, if anything, did Gina, your agent --

Stormy Daniels: Well --

Susan Hoffinger: Hold up -- say about being able to take it down?

Stormy Daniels: I remember I was freaking out and crying and hyperventilating and asked her what I should do. And she asked me for permission to have her attorney remove it for me.

Susan Hoffinger: Did she tell you the name of her attorney at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Keith Davidson.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you tell her that, yes, you would be happy for her attorney to try to take it down?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely. Hhhh.

Susan Hoffinger: Was he, in fact, successful in doing that?

Stormy Daniels: I assume so, because it came down.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, I'd like to direct your attention now to 2015. Were you aware at some point that Mr. Trump announced that he was running for President?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And sometime after he announced that he was running for President, did someone reach out to you again about telling your account of what happened with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Who was that?

Stormy Daniels: Well, lots of people did.

Susan Hoffinger: Did Gina Rodriguez reach out to you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What did she suggest that she could do?

Stormy Daniels: That she could sell the story again.

Susan Hoffinger: And did she suggest that, in terms of selling the story, that money could be made to -- paid to do this?

Stormy Daniels: Of course. That's the reason to sell it.

Susan Hoffinger: Did she say that she could make money, as well?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Of course.

Susan Hoffinger: Did there come a time that you had a conversation with a friend of yours who was also an attorney --

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: -- about whether you should publicly tell your story?

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Without telling us the substance -- withdrawn. Did you have a conversation with a friend of yours who is an attorney?

Stormy Daniels: Lots. Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And this particular friend who you had a discussion with, were you seeking legal advice from him?

Stormy Daniels: No. I was just having lunch with him.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you decide, based on a conversation with him, about what you should do about getting the details of your story out?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I do remember asking him what he thought about the Gina situation because I had been threatened. And he said that he thought it was really a really good idea, that he was concerned about my safety.

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Move to strike.

Juan Merchan: Stricken.

Susan Hoffinger: Did your conversation with him guide your decision to have your story documented or out there in some way?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. He helped me set up a press conference that we didn't end up doing.

Susan Hoffinger: Did your conversation with him and what happened to you in the parking lot in Las Vegas in 2011 guide your decision about telling your story as a way to make sure that it was documented and out there?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you have an understanding at that time or belief that by doing that, it would keep you safer in some way?

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Well, did it guide your decision, in general, about what to do?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you decide to let Gina try to sell your story to some news outlets?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recall, in early October of 2016, the Access Hollywood tape coming out publicly?

Stormy Daniels: Yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: You know what that is? You're aware of what that is?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Gina had actually told me about it.

Susan Hoffinger: Before the Access Hollywood tape came out, was Gina trying to sell your story to news outlets?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was she successful in doing so before that Access Hollywood tape came out?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, after the Access Hollywood tape came out, did Gina have some conversations with you about her ability to try to sell the story after it came out?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What, in substance, did she tell you?

Stormy Daniels: In a nutshell --

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you continue to agree at that time that she could sell your story to news outlets?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I told her she could keep trying. More people were calling. [Shrugs].

Susan Hoffinger: What you described for the jury previously about your encounter with Mr. Trump in the hotel room, your seeing him on a number of other occasions, the telephone calls from Mr. Trump to you, is that, generally, what you would have described to the news outlets at that time, in October of 2016, if you had been thoroughly interviewed?

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: At that point, in October of 2016, was Gina's focus and your focus on selling the story to the news outlets?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you have any intention of approaching either Mr. Trump or Michael Cohen, his attorney, to have them pay for your story?

Stormy Daniels: No. My motivation wasn't money. It's to get the story out.

Susan Hoffinger: That was, in part, guided by your experience in 2011 and your conversations with --

Stormy Daniels: It was motivated out of fear, not money.

Susan Hoffinger: Did there come a time that you learned, in approximately October of 2016, that Donald Trump and Michael Cohen were interested in buying the rights to your account?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And how did you learn that?

Stormy Daniels: Gina told me.

Susan Hoffinger: And, approximately when was that, that Gina told you that, that there was interest there in paying for your story?

Stormy Daniels: In October. May at the earliest. Latest, September. But, it was October, I believe -- yeah. October.

Susan Hoffinger: And, it was after release of the Access Hollywood tape?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, who did you understand -- when Gina told you that, who did you understand that Michael Cohen was representing at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Donald Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you understand at the time that they would pay for your story, for you not to release it publicly?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Objection to the leading, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained as to leading.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you understand they were interested in paying you for?

Stormy Daniels: Um, they were interested in paying for the story, which was the best thing that could happen because then my husband wouldn't find out, but there was still a documentation of a money exchange and a paperwork exchange, so that I would be safe and the story wouldn't come out.

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you -- were you told by Ms. Rodriguez how much, in total, would be paid from Donald Trump and Michael Cohen to purchase the rights to your story?

Stormy Daniels: $130,000.

Susan Hoffinger: And how did you feel about that $130,000 at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Didn't care. I didn't care about the amount. It was just to get it done.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you happy --

Stormy Daniels: Of course. Well, of course. It's money, but the number didn't matter to me. And I didn't pick the number.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you -- did you negotiate that number at all?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why didn't you ask for more money?

Stormy Daniels: Because I didn't care about the money.

Susan Hoffinger: What was your financial outlook in that time, in October of 2016, relative to earlier years?

Stormy Daniels: It was the best it had ever been.

Susan Hoffinger: I'm sorry?

Stormy Daniels: The best it had ever been. Instead of directing five movies a year, I directed ten. I had gotten several raises. I bought a house. We no longer lived in California, which was really expensive. And I was able to go back to work. I was working for a while, but it was on camera and on stage. Things were good, very good.

Stormy Daniels: I was winning with my horses, too.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention to October 10, 2016. Were you presented on that date with an Agreement to sign at that time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Tell us how that occurred and what sort of an Agreement.

Stormy Daniels: It was an NDA.

Susan Hoffinger: Explain to the jury what an "NDA" is, what your understanding of an NDA is.

Stormy Daniels: NDA stands for non-disclosure. It is a contract between people or parties to keep information secret.

Susan Hoffinger: And, who did you understand was the beneficiary of that NDA?

Stormy Daniels: Donald Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: Who was representing him at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me now ask you to show, please, People's 63 which is in evidence. You can display that for everyone.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we blow up the body of that email, please.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you read that? First of all, can you tell us who the email is from and who it's to?

Stormy Daniels: It's from Keith Davidson and was to Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: Who was Keith Davidson in relation to you at this point?

Stormy Daniels: Um, he was acting as my attorney. He was Gina Rodriguez's attorney who handled this sort of thing for her.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you understand he would handle this NDA for you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Who was the email -- you said it's from Keith Davidson to who?

Stormy Daniels: To Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: What does it say in the "To" line?

Stormy Daniels: "To: Michael Cohen, Trump Organization. First Administrative Group."

Susan Hoffinger: What does the subject line say?

Stormy Daniels: "SD versus RCI."

Susan Hoffinger: Can you read, please, the email for us?

Stormy Daniels: What's that? Sorry?

Susan Hoffinger: From Michael.

Stormy Daniels: Read the email?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes, please.

Stormy Daniels: It says: "Michael, please find Ms. Daniels' Settlement Agreement and Side Letter Agreement attached. I have not filled in the Side Letter Agreement, SLA, which identities the parties to this Agreement. Under the terms of the Agreement, neither my client or I are entitled to possession of the SLA. "The settlement sum is 130,000. I have also attached my firm's wiring instructions for your reference. "Ms. Daniels expressed dissatisfaction with your schedule of a delay for ten days of for funding.

Stormy Daniels: To that end, you'll see that I placed this Friday, 10/14/16, as the funding deadline. Let me know if this is a problem. "Let me know if you have any questions or concerns about anything. Keith." Then his cell phone.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you express dissatisfaction and want this signed and done by October 14th?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely.

Susan Hoffinger: Why was that?

Stormy Daniels: Because I was afraid that if he -- that if it wasn't done before the nomination and things, that I wouldn't be safe, or that he would never pay, and there wouldn't be a trail to keep me safe.

Susan Hoffinger: When you say "before the nomination", was Mr. Trump already the nominee at that point of the Republican Party?

Stormy Daniels: I believe so. In the election. Sorry. The election is what I meant to say. The election.

Susan Hoffinger: That's okay. What did you understand were the general terms of this Confidential Settlement Agreement or Non-Disclosure Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: I'm not sure I understand.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you understand at this point about what the general terms were of this agreement?

Stormy Daniels: So that in exchange for the -- the sum of $130,000, that I could not tell my story. That he also couldn't tell the story. We could not contact each other or each other's families or representatives. We had to pretend like we didn't know each other at all. Basically.

Susan Hoffinger: And that you would get paid the sum of $130,000?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Was there -- do you remember if there was a liquidated damages or damages clause if you breached --

Stormy Daniels: Yeah. If I spoke, it was like a million dollars every time I said something.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we show Page 2 now of this exhibit, People's 63.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize this Side Letter Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you -- what was your understanding of the purpose of this Side Letter Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: To identify who the fake names were.

Susan Hoffinger: What do you mean by that? Were there actual names disclosed in the NDA?

Stormy Daniels: No. In the original paperwork, instead of saying "Stormy Daniels" or "Stephanie Clifford", it identified me as one party and Mr. Trump as the other party. They gave us, like, fake names, pseudonyms of "Peggy" and "David". I think it was "David".

Susan Hoffinger: "David Dennison"?

Stormy Daniels: Yeah. This was the Side Letter that went to it, that identified that I was "Peggy" and he was "David".

Susan Hoffinger: Can we just take a quick look at Page 3 on the PDF, of the signature line.

Susan Hoffinger: Is that your signature there on the line for "Peggy Peterson a/k/a Stephanie Gregory Clifford a/k/a Stormy Daniels"?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And how did you sign it?

Stormy Daniels: Stephanie Clifford. What do you mean?

Susan Hoffinger: What's the date that you signed it?

Stormy Daniels: Oh. 10/10/16.

Susan Hoffinger: And you signed it with your name as "Peggy Peterson", is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, if we could look -- did you also initial this agreement with initials "PP" for Peggy Peterson?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's look at the Settlement Agreement, Page 1, which I believe is Page 4 on the PDF.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you show the bottom place where it shows the initials of PP.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you initial it "PP"?

Stormy Daniels: Uh-huh.

Susan Hoffinger: As far as you recall, did you initial various pages as "Peggy Peterson"?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we take a look at Page 10 of the PDF, where there's a list of names.

Susan Hoffinger: This is Page 10 of the Settlement Agreement. Do you see a list of names there?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What were those list of names? Did you write in those list of names?

Stormy Daniels: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you write them in?

Stormy Daniels: Because I was asked to write down names of people who knew all the details.

Susan Hoffinger: Those were some of the people that you told?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we look, also, at Page 15, please, of the Agreement, which is Page 18 in the PDF.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we blow up the signature, please?

Susan Hoffinger: This is the Non-Disclosure Agreement or the Settlement Agreement, and did you sign it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you sign it as?

Stormy Daniels: "Peggy Peterson".

Susan Hoffinger: And why did you not put your real name there?

Stormy Daniels: Because I was instructed not to, that we were using pseudonyms.

Susan Hoffinger: After you signed the Agreement, the Side Letter Agreement, and the Settlement Agreement, otherwise known as a Non-Disclosure Agreement, did Gina Rodriguez, generally, just keep you updated on the progress of the deal?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you get paid the $130,000 on October 14, 2016, as was disclosed in that email?

Stormy Daniels: No. It was late.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you understand about the reason for the delay? What was happening?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't know why it was late. He just kept making excuses.

Susan Hoffinger: And what is your understanding about who kept making excuses?

Stormy Daniels: Michael Cohen to Keith Davidson, because of -- Trump to Cohen, and Cohen to Davidson.

Susan Hoffinger: That was your understanding?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Because you understood Michael Cohen represented Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you concerned about why these excuses were being made and there was a delay in the payment?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What was your concern?

Stormy Daniels: Well, I mean, he, obviously -- that sum of money shouldn't matter, so it wasn't a financial delay. So, it made me more concerned that something bad was gonna happen, and that if it wasn't done before the election, that it was not ever going to happen because he got whatever he wanted. And it goes all the way back to me not being safe.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention now --

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, would you like to break soon, or would you like me to continue?

Juan Merchan: Is this a good breaking point?

Susan Hoffinger: Certainly.

Juan Merchan: Jurors, we will take a lunch recess. I remind you of all my instructions, including not to discuss this case either amongst yourselves or with anyone else. Continue to keep an open mind as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. Please do not form or express an opinion as to the defendant's guilt or innocence.

Juan Merchan: Let's get started at 2 o'clock.

Court Officer: All rise.

Note: [Whereupon, the jurors and the alternate jurors are excused.]

Juan Merchan: You may step down.

Note: [Whereupon, the witness is excused.]

Juan Merchan: Is there anything that we need to discuss at this time?

Susan Hoffinger: No, your Honor.

Susan Necheles: No.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm going to hand up a copy of the stipulation that was entered into evidence the other day to be marked as a Court Exhibit.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Enjoy your lunch.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Lisa Kramsky relieves Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Afternoon Session.]

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: If I could have a second, Mr. Blanche.

Todd Blanche: Pardon me?

Juan Merchan: If I could just have one second, Mr. Blanche.

Todd Blanche: Oh, your Honor, I'm sorry.

Juan Merchan: Just for the record, my Chambers reached out to the People and Defense Counsel to ask if Defense Counsel wanted a limiting instruction on the encounter that took place in the parking lot where Ms. Daniels claims that someone had threatened her. I will not give a limiting instruction unless the Defense requests it. And even then, I would ask the two sides to see if you can agree on a proposed limiting instruction.

Juan Merchan: I realize that you haven't had a lot of time to work on that. But I also received your email that you wanted to make an application. Please go ahead.

Todd Blanche: Yes, your Honor. Thank you. We move for a mistrial based on the testimony this morning. Your Honor, there are a couple of different reasons, but what's clear is that the Court set guardrails for this testimony. And the guardrails by this witness, answering questions from the Government, were just thrown to the side.

Todd Blanche: And there is no way to unring the bell, in our view, and that the testimony that came in was so unduly and inappropriately prejudicial to President Trump and the actual charges that are at issue in this case that there is no remedy that we can fashion or we believe the Court can fashion to unring this bell.

Todd Blanche: I mean, the testimony, your Honor, about the alleged incident back in 2006, a lot of the testimony that this witness talked about today is way different than the story that she was pedaling in 2016, your Honor. Which is, from my understanding of what the ADAs said this morning, the only reason why this evidence is even admissible, right, is to talk about the information that was supposedly kept from the voters in 2016. There was testimony today about being blacked out, about not wearing a condom, which was after there was testimony from the -- from her employer that you had to wear a condom, that there was always -- that there was always a condom worn, the height of the two individuals, the fact that -- you know, the things like the spacing in the room, the fact that there is a bodyguard outside the room, the power dynamics.

Todd Blanche: She testified -- the question was: Do you want out of the trailer park? And all of this has nothing to do with this case. And it's extraordinarily prejudicial and it's something that is -- the only reason why the Government asked those questions, aside from pure embarrassment, is to -- is to inflame this jury to not -- to not look at the evidence that matters, but to just hear from this witness.

Todd Blanche: And on top of that, your Honor, even after the incident, there was testimony about a second alleged sexual advance sometime later on. Totally irrelevant to this case. And there is no reason that should have been elicited, your Honor. Again, we don't even know that that's coming, because we don't get notes of what this witness has said in prep.

Todd Blanche: The last one we got was from last year, your Honor. She testified that there was communications with President Trump afterwards and that she thought something bad was going to happen and that she was worried about not being safe. She then repeatedly testified about purported alleged meetings with President Trump, and with every single one she qualified that it was in an open place, in a public place.

Todd Blanche: What's the jury to do with that? And for many of those you sustained objections to, Judge, and that is true, but it was said repeatedly, and the jury hears it. And I am sure that the transcript will say "objection sustained," by your Honor, but it's still extraordinarily prejudicial to insert safety and safety concerns into a trial about business records.

Todd Blanche: And, you know, I know your Honor knows this, but this is exactly what President Trump was -- what we raised with the Court, seeking an adjournment based upon Ms. Daniels' changed testimony. For years, including up to 2016, which is -- which is when she was pedaling this story, she talked about a consensual encounter with President Trump that she was trying to sell.

Todd Blanche: That's what Mr. Davidson talked about. That's purportedly what Mr. Cohen was told. And that's not the story that we heard today. We heard a completely different story. And the reason why that matters is because, of course, we are going to cross-examine her on the fact that her story has changed. And I'm sure the Government will then say we've opened the door and then they can then go ahead and ask even more questions about what she wants to say about what happened in 2006. But, it's so prejudicial in a case about an NDA and whether there were false records placed on The Trump Organization's books in 2017. And, you know, I think your Honor knew that this was an issue by setting up guardrails along the way and this morning.

Todd Blanche: But now we've heard it. And it is an issue. And it's not -- how can you unring the bell? And we are going to cross-examine her shortly, presumably, and talk about -- and then elicit the fact that she denied twice. There were articles that said that she denied it, that she denied this took place. But, that's not really the issue.

Todd Blanche: I mean, that's going to be the cross. The issue is she has testified today about consent, about danger. That's not the point of this case. That's not the point of her testimony. And that's not what she was pedaling, that's not -- I'm sorry -- not what she was pedaling, that's not the story that she was selling in 2016, and now we're here.

Todd Blanche: I mean, the least of which is the fact that just over lunch, people are already reporting -- everybody is reporting that she's suggesting consent. Again, that's a new fact, and it's extraordinarily prejudicial. And the mere fact that she says there was consent, after saying she blacked out, doesn't remember anything, they only had water, but she doesn't remember anything, this is the kind of testimony that makes it impossible to come back from.

Todd Blanche: I mean, you know, not even talking about the fact that we are talking about somebody who is going to go out and campaign this afternoon and how unfair it is in that environment, as well. But, the Government must have known this was coming out. And it's just, you know -- we sit here listening to it. And we objected to it the best that we could.

Todd Blanche: But, you know, this has nothing to do with the reason why we're here, your Honor. And even the limited fact that she signed the NDA, the limited fact that she was selling this story over the years, including at the time of the election, that's not what we heard today. That's not how the evidence came in from this witness.

Todd Blanche: Of course, your Honor cut her off several times, but there was so much -- and we haven't looked at the transcript to give all of the examples. And we are happy to do so if that's helpful. But, how can we come back from this in a way that's fair to President Trump and in a way to make sure that this process stays exactly where it should be, which is about whether there were false records on The Trump Organization's books and put on in 2017? So, we believe, regrettably, that there should be a mistrial, and that to the extent that there is another trial, that this witness is either excluded or that her testimony is extremely limited to the guardrails, frankly, that your Honor set this morning.

Juan Merchan: Thank you, Mr. Blanche. People.

Susan Hoffinger: Yes. Thank you, your Honor. Again, I would just note, this was fully briefed by the defense in their motions in limine. And your Honor did not put any guardrails on her testimony. Recognizing, of course, that this completes her account -- her account completes the narrative of the events that precipitated the falsification of business records.

Susan Hoffinger: And this story, your Honor, her account is highly probative of the defendant's intent, his intent and his motive in paying this off, and making sure that the American public did not hear this before the election. It is precisely what the defendant did not want to become public. I will say, without getting into too many details, that Mr. Blanche's recitation of the fact that this is entirely new is not true.

Susan Hoffinger: I will say that, and I'm sure that he knows this, that the account and things like the fact that a condom was not used has been out there for a very, very long time. This is not new. This is not a new account. Now, there were certain details that I told your Honor that she remembered after a movie in 2019, and I was going to elicit that.

Susan Hoffinger: You asked me not to, and I did not. But, you know, the other thing is, Judge, they opened the door to this. So, the 2011 threat to her was opened on not only in their opening when they talked about legal fees and that she was changing -- you know, coming up with this story, because she's an opportunist, out to make money and that she owes Mr. Trump legal fees.

Susan Hoffinger: So, they opened the door. That's the subject of the defamation case. Second, they specifically put in an exhibit which was admitted in evidence, through Keith Davidson's testimony, where they referenced this threat in 2011, saying that it was not true. And, so, it was incumbent upon us to bring out those details in her direct, again, to rehabilitate credibility where they attacked it both during Keith Davidson's testimony and on opening.

Susan Hoffinger: So, your Honor, we were extremely mindful of not eliciting too much testimony about the actual act. We did it initially before your Honor even asked us to carve it back. Additionally, so there were details that were left out based on the Court's instructions at the bench. They were additional details that were not brought out.

Susan Hoffinger: But, your Honor, this -- stating that this is an entirely new story is not accurate. And I'm certain that when they cross-examine Ms. Daniels, some of this will come out, and some of this will come out on redirect. And I know that your Honor has mentioned that you will allow me to elicit some of it on redirect in terms of what issues came up publicly and what details were remembered at different times based on different things.

Susan Hoffinger: But they opened the door to the threat in 2011. And now your Honor has asked us to discuss a limiting instruction on that, and we can certainly do that. We have written one that we have written up quickly that we can discuss with defense counsel, if they would like that. But, your Honor, this goes directly to her credibility, which they attacked and while I'm sure will continue to attack, they opened the door in their opening, they opened the door in Keith Davidson's testimony, and these are not all new details.

Susan Hoffinger: But, at the end of the day, your Honor, this is what defendant was trying to hide. And in terms of the payoff in 2016 before the election. This is an exhibit. If you were -- if you would, of what they were trying -- what Mr. Trump wanted to make sure didn't get disclosed. We have carved back details. We have been mindful of your Honor's decision.

Susan Hoffinger: And we have carved it back even before them, so I don't think there is any basis for a mistrial, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Todd Blanche: Just briefly, your Honor. That misses the point a little bit of our argument. The point of the argument is that the reason why this evidence, in theory, is admissible, over our objection, is because this is -- these, in theory, are the facts which was presented to Mr. Davidson and Mr. Cohen so that they could evaluate whether they could enter into an NDA and, supposedly, the fact and the details that were going to be kept from the American people in 2016. That's the theory for this evidence coming in. The problem is that isn't what came in. And so what -- instead, what came in is this extraordinarily prejudicial testimony that has changed over time.

Todd Blanche: And we can't fix that except to cross-examine her, but it's still -- it has nothing to do with the case. The voters decided in 2016. The People are going to make a lot of that in their summation, I expect. And, Judge, I don't think anybody, anybody can listen to what that witness said and think that that has anything to do with the charged conduct.

Todd Blanche: And it's the kind of testimony that's so prejudicial that you have to run -- you run the very high risk of the jury -- of the jury not being able to focus on the evidence that actually does matter.

Susan Hoffinger: Your Honor, may I just add one thing? Mr. Blanche mentioned about the threat, and so on. She testified about it directly that she was not threatened either physically or verbally by Mr. Trump. We made sure to elicit that. We made sure to say she did not say no. At the end of the day, it was the defendant who knew the details.

Susan Hoffinger: We submit, your Honor, he knew the details of what occurred in the room.

Juan Merchan: Okay. I can rule on this. All right. As a threshold matter, Mr. Blanche, I agree that there were some things that would probably have been better left unsaid. I think that there are some areas that would have been better if the People did not go into them. In fairness to the People, I think the witness was a little difficult to control.

Juan Merchan: And that's why I was permitting some leading, to give them the opportunity to try to control the witness. It was not easy. Having said that, I do think that there were guardrails in place. I do think that the Court instructed the Prosecution that there were certain details that we don't need to get into.

Juan Merchan: And, again, I'm not dismissing what you are saying. I do think that there were some things that were better left unsaid. Having said that, I don't believe we are at the point where a mistrial is warranted. There are a few things that go along with that. I will note that where there were objections, the objections, for the most part, were sustained.

Juan Merchan: Where there was a motion to strike testimony, for the most part, that motion was granted as well. I will also note that I was surprised that there were not more objections at various times during the testimony. And, in fact, at one point the Court sua sponte objected because there was no objection coming from the defense.

Juan Merchan: So, when you say that, you know, the bell has been rung, the defense has to take some responsibility for that. The Court has done everything that I can possibly do to protect both sides and to ensure fairness and that's why, again, I objected on my own. Whether these are new stories or not new stories, the remedy is on cross-examination.

Juan Merchan: And, in fact, if they are new stories, the more fodder that I will expect to see on cross-examination, if you have any. I also believe -- if you want, I will give a limiting instruction regarding the incident at the parking lot in 2011. Just bear with me one moment.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, can I just object to that --

Juan Merchan: One second, Ms. Necheles, please.

Juan Merchan: Yes, Ms. Necheles?

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, I think -- I just wanted to be a little clearer, I did see that you, on your own, sustained it. But, we had moved beforehand to try to limit all of this, and your Honor had ruled that it could come in, and so I didn't want to keep saying objection.

Juan Merchan: That's a very general statement, Ms. Necheles. That's not accurate. If you are going to say something like that, be accurate.

Susan Necheles: Well, I'm trying to be accurate.

Juan Merchan: For example, I sustained a request that the People not be permitted to go into or, what was it, the Roger Ailes -- is that his name -- I agreed with you that that would be extremely prejudicial and I didn't want them to go into that. So I didn't agree with everything that you requested, but I did agree with some things that you asked.

Susan Necheles: Right. And so, based on that ruling is what we were following. That's why we were not standing up and objecting. And once your Honor signaled that you thought it had gone too far, we did start objecting very consistently. But, up until that point, we really felt like your Honor had ruled at the bench that they were allowed to do what they were doing.

Susan Necheles: So, I just wanted to be clear on that.

Juan Merchan: Well, we have to agree to disagree on that. I think that I said multiple times to you and to the Prosecution that we were going into way too much details, we were going into much more than we needed to, it wasn't necessary. I still believed that it wasn't necessary. Having said that, though, I don't think that we have reached a point where a mistrial is in order.

Juan Merchan: I believe that a limiting instruction as to that incident in 2011 will cure that issue. And I believe that you have a remedy of cross-examination. And, as I said before, the more times the story has been changed, the more fodder for cross-examination that you have. So, I'm going to deny your motion for a mistrial at this time.

Juan Merchan: Anything else? Do you want to discuss a limiting instruction now?

Joshua Steinglass: Can we approach?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Joshua Steinglass: I'm sorry. I think we agreed on most of the language. And we can kick over the last part to you. So here -- I will read my version -- our version. Our version. And then I will read their version. Our version is: You have heard testimony from Ms. Daniels regarding a 2011 incident in which she testified about being threatened in a parking lot.

Joshua Steinglass: This testimony was permitted to explain any impact this interaction may have had on the witness's state of mind, her credibility, and her willingness to publicly disclose aspects of her account -- encounter with Mr. Trump. That's the part we agree on. Our version then says: You must not draw any inference that Mr. Trump was behind any such threats, nor may you draw any inference unfavorable to the defendant as a result of this testimony.

Joshua Steinglass: The version from the defense says: I instruct you that Mr. Trump had nothing to do with any threat to this witness, and you may not draw any inference unfavorable to the defendant as a result of this testimony.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, can I just interrupt? I don't like even hearing it right now. This is going too quick, honestly. We haven't really had time to think about it.

Juan Merchan: Do you want to think about it?

Susan Necheles: Yes. Because even hearing it, it sounds like your Honor is saying, yeah, this actually happened and we contest it. We're going to have to cross on this.

Juan Merchan: Okay. You can think about it and get it to me Thursday morning.

Susan Necheles: Yes, Judge.

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, may I have a few minutes to talk to the witness in at effort to just, perhaps, instruct her to be cautious about any testimony that --

Juan Merchan: Is there any objection to that?

Susan Necheles: No, Judge. No objection.

Juan Merchan: Okay. You can take a minute to do that.

Susan Necheles: Thank you.

Joshua Steinglass: Do you want to take a picture of this?

Todd Blanche: Yes, please.

Juan Merchan: Let me know when you are ready?

Court Reporter: I'm ready.

Juan Merchan: As we discussed at the bench, the People submitted a proposed limiting instruction, then I was also shown the additional language that the Defense wanted to include. And, upon further discussion, we have agreed that we are going to take some more time to think about it. And you will get it back to me by Thursday morning.

Susan Necheles: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, your Honor. Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Okay. So, with the consent of defense counsel, Ms. Hoffinger has stepped out for minute to give some instruction to her witness and make sure that the witness stays focused on the question and just gives the answer and does not provide any unnecessary narrative.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Hoffinger, have you had a chance to speak to your witness?

Susan Hoffinger: Yes, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: All right. Thank you. Let's get the witness, please.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Note: [The witness, Stormy Daniels, enters the courtroom and resumed the witness stand.]

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon, Ms. Daniels.

Stormy Daniels: Good afternoon.

Juan Merchan: I remind you that you are still under oath. Let's get the jury, please.

Court Officer: Jury entering.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated.

Court Clerk: Do both parties stipulate that all jurors are present and properly seated?

Joshua Steinglass: Yes.

Todd Blanche: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Good afternoon, jurors. I apologize for keeping you waiting. We will get started now. Ms. Hoffinger.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Hoffinger.]

Susan Hoffinger: Good afternoon, Ms. Daniels.

Stormy Daniels: Good afternoon.

Susan Hoffinger: When we left off, we were discussing some of the delays in payment and in dealing with Michael Cohen and Mr. Trump.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's put up what's in evidence, please, as People's Exhibit 282.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: And can we start from the email at the bottom, please. Just blow that up.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Can you see who this is an email from and who this is to, Ms. Daniels?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you read the email for us?

Stormy Daniels: The -- from Keith Davidson to Michael Cohen. "Michael, I have been charged by my client with forwarding the below message." "We have a written Settlement Agreement which calls for settlement payment to be sent by the end of business this past Friday, October 14, 2016. No payment was received." "We spoke on Friday, October 14th, and you stated that funds would be wired today, October 17th, 2016. No funds have been received as of the sending of this email." "My client informs me that she intends to cancel the settlement contract if no funds are received by 5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time today.

Stormy Daniels: Please call me if you have any questions. Keith." And then his number.

Susan Hoffinger: And can you just read the top email, please.

Susan Hoffinger: If you can blow up the top email?

Note: [Displayed]

Stormy Daniels: To Michael Cohen from Keith Davidson. "Please be advised that my client deems her Settlement Agreement cancelled and void -- " I have no idea what that is.

Susan Hoffinger: Ab initio.

Stormy Daniels: "Ab initio. Please further be advised that I no longer represent her in this or any matter."

Susan Hoffinger: Did you authorize the cancellation of this deal at this point?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And why was that?

Stormy Daniels: Because the funds hadn't been sent.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, during the time that you -- that the deal was being delayed and when you cancelled this and your lawyer on your behalf cancelled it, did you speak to a news outlet?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it Slate?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And was Slate going to pay you for that?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, at some point did the deal with Donald Trump and this NDA get revived?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's put up, please, for everyone People's Exhibit 276 in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: On or around October 28th of 2016, were you given another NDA or Settlement Agreement and Side Letter Agreement to sign?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And is this it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And were the terms in this Agreement on October 28th essentially the same terms as the earlier Agreement that you had signed on October 10th of 2016?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. Just with different dates.

Susan Hoffinger: And so did this deal include, again, a million dollar breach liquidated damages clause?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you sign this Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's just take a look at Page 14 of the Agreement, Page 15 of the PDF.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: And can we blow up the signature, bottom right, please. Thank you.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Is that your signature?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Above "PP?"

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it is.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did you sign it as, what name did you sign?

Stormy Daniels: Stephanie Clifford.

Susan Hoffinger: And can we just zoom out for a second and look, bottom left as well, to the initials "PP."

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Did you sign your initials there?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What initials did you put in over "PP?"

Stormy Daniels: "SD."

Susan Hoffinger: And is that for -- stands for what?

Stormy Daniels: I think that's what it is. Honestly, I don't remember.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Is that for Stormy Daniels?

Stormy Daniels: Uh-huh.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you sign each of the pages of this Agreement that way over the initials, the initials of yours?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And can you take a look at Page 17 of the PDF, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize this Side Letter Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And can you, please, just highlight or blow up the signature, bottom right.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: And did you sign it there?

Stormy Daniels: I did.

Susan Hoffinger: What did you sign it as?

Stormy Daniels: "Stephanie Clifford."

Susan Hoffinger: And can we zoom out for a second.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Is that Page 17 of the PDF? Okay. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize the Side Letter Agreement here?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. And who is written in for "Peggy Peterson" in the blanks?

Stormy Daniels: Stephanie Gregory Clifford a/k/a Stormy Daniels.

Susan Hoffinger: And for "David Dennison" in the third paragraph?

Susan Hoffinger: Can you blow that up.

Note: [Displayed]

Stormy Daniels: It said "Donald Trump."

Susan Hoffinger: And is that your understanding that that's who you were signing this Agreement with?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And can you just blow up the signature at the end of this Side Letter Agreement, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: And did you sign this Side Letter Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you sign your name above "Peggy Peterson a/k/a Stephanie Gregory Clifford a/k/a Stormy Daniels?"

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And what did you sign your name as?

Stormy Daniels: Stephanie Clifford.

Susan Hoffinger: And if we could just scroll over to the date.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: On what date did you sign that?

Stormy Daniels: October 28th.

Susan Hoffinger: 2016?

Stormy Daniels: 2016, right.

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, at some point after you signed this, did your attorney Keith Davidson receive the $130,000?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And from that $130,000, did Keith Davidson and Gina Rodriguez take fees for the deal?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And after they took their fees, did you end up with approximately $96,000?

Stormy Daniels: Approximately, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: I would like to direct your attention now to November 4th of 2016.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's show People's 180 in evidence, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize this article that came out in the Wall Street Journal concerning the National Enquirer and Karen McDougal?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, shortly before this article came out, did the Wall Street Journal reporters reach out to you for a comment?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you respond to their request for comment?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we please show Page 4 of this exhibit, please. I think it's Paragraph 4.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Can you read that?

Stormy Daniels: "An ABC spokesperson declined to comment on Ms. McDougal or Ms. Clifford."

Susan Hoffinger: Actually, I think it's a different line.

Susan Hoffinger: Maybe we could blow it up.

Note: [Displayed]

Stormy Daniels: Oh.

Susan Hoffinger: One moment. Do you see the last two sentences? The last sentence?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: All right. Do you see that it says, "Ms. Clifford cut off contact with the network without telling her story. She didn't respond to requests for comment."

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Did that confirm the fact that you declined for comment?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And why didn't you comment for this article?

Stormy Daniels: Because I had an NDA.

Susan Hoffinger: And you were respecting the terms of that NDA?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And was Mr. Trump elected President approximately four days after this article came out on November 8th, 2016?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: So let me ask you, in 2017, briefly, what was your life like in 2016, '17?

Stormy Daniels: The -- probably my best year ever. I was writing and directing very successful films. I wrote and directed one of the most expensive adult movies ever -- and successful adult movies ever made especially by the company that I worked for. I finally won my Best Director Award. My horse that I purchased in Ireland was ranked eighth in the country, that was a dream of mine.

Stormy Daniels: My daughter was a straight A student. I owned a house in Texas with really wonderful friends. My neighbors in my neighborhood, they had no idea that they lived next door to Stormy Daniels. They just knew that I was --

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Stormy Daniels: They just knew that they lived next to -- I won't say my daughter's name -- mom. And it was really good, actually.

Susan Hoffinger: And you continued to abide by the Non-disclosure Agreement?

Stormy Daniels: Of course, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And you did not say anything publicly about Mr. Trump during that time, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right. Or privately.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention now to January 10th of 2018. Did you come to learn that the Wall Street Journal was planning to write an article now about your experience with Mr. Trump and the $130,000 payment?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did they -- did the Wall Street Journal reach out to you for comment?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you comment?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: Because I was under the NDA. I was respecting that and didn't want to comment.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me show you now what's in evidence as People's 277.

Susan Hoffinger: If you can put that up for everybody, please.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: If you can blow it up just a little bit more. Thank you.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize that, Ms. Daniels?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What is that?

Stormy Daniels: It is a statement that was sent to me from Keith Davidson.

Susan Hoffinger: And Keith Davidson being your lawyer at the time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you sign this statement?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you initially want to sign this?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you happy just to stay quiet and not say anything?

Susan Necheles: Objection to the leading.

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you not want to sign it originally?

Stormy Daniels: Because it's not true. And because I was told that saying anything at all, anything, was a violation of the NDA.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Without disclosing the substance of your conversations with your attorney Keith Davidson, as a result of his advice, did you agree and sign this, in fact?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you -- you said it was not entirely truthful, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, would you say that it was cleverly misleading?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: It was not true in several details, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And in some details, technically?

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I didn't hear the question.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it in some details technically true?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you know at the time that Keith Davidson would be getting this statement of yours to Michael Cohen?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you know that Michael Cohen would then be sending it to the Wall Street Journal?

Stormy Daniels: Not specifically.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Did you later learn that when the Wall Street Journal article came out?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What -- very briefly, what happened to your life when this Wall Street Journal article came out on January -- in January of 20 -- I'm sorry, withdrawn.

Susan Hoffinger: Let's put up People's 181 in evidence. Just to be clear what we're talking about.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Can you scroll up to the date of this article at the top.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: When this article came out in January, early January, January 12th of 2018, did it have an impact on your life?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Briefly, what kind of impact did it have?

Stormy Daniels: Chaos. [Laughter] It was -- it suddenly -- I was front and foremost everywhere. People on the front lawn. My husband asking questions. My friends asking questions. And it blew my cover, I guess, for lack of a better way of explaining it, to everyone that I rode horses with, everyone in my neighborhood, everyone in my daughter's friends.

Stormy Daniels: We were ostracized from her play groups, from the riding stable, from horse shows, my -- her dad lost his -- like his gig in his band.

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: I'm going to stop you. Thank you. Let me ask you, after the Wall Street Journal article came out, this article, did In Touch publish that article from back in 2011 --

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: -- that you had given a short interview?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you want that article out at that point?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: And that article, when you first gave the interview, were you supposed to have been paid for it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you get paid in 2018 when they released it?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: After that, after this article came out, the In Touch article came out, did Michael Cohen request of your attorney that you go on the Hannity Show on Fox? Were you aware of that?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And were you requested to go on Fox and to deny any interactions you had with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: They asked me if I would be willing, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you agree to do that?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: Because I didn't want to.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention now to January 30th of 2018. Were you scheduled on that day --

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Were you scheduled on that day to go on the Jimmy Kimmel show?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How did that come about?

Stormy Daniels: Gina set it up.

Susan Hoffinger: And what was the plan for what you were going to discuss or not discuss on that show?

Stormy Daniels: Ummm, it was -- I was not to discuss the relationship or NDA or anything like that. It was to show that I was -- it was to give an example of how I can go on and do promotions and things, but not break the NDA.

Susan Hoffinger: And what happened shortly before you went on the show?

Stormy Daniels: Gina came to my room with some dresses. They were for me to try on to wear on the show, on loan from designers or whatever. And she came with a -- it was herself, somebody -- some people I didn't recognize. And Keith Davidson.

Susan Hoffinger: And let's put up, please, People's 278 in evidence. Thank you.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Maybe just blow it up a little bit.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize this?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What is this? What do you recognize it to be?

Stormy Daniels: This is a statement that was handed to me in my hotel room when I was in town to do the Jimmy Kimmel show by Keith Davidson.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you initially say no to signing this?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Without disclosing the substance of your conversations with your attorney, Keith Davidson, as a result of his advice, did you sign it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: How did you sign it? Did you sign it in a particular way?

Stormy Daniels: I signed it Stormy Daniels, but I signed it not how my Stormy Daniels signature looks any other time that I have ever written it.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you do that?

Stormy Daniels: As a tip off to Jimmy Kimmel.

Susan Hoffinger: What kind of a tip off?

Stormy Daniels: That I didn't -- that either I didn't sign it -- that I didn't sign it willingly.

Susan Hoffinger: Is that because you were upset about signing it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And is this statement false?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: You can take that down. Thank you.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, did there come a time in February of 2018 that you became aware of Michael Cohen making certain public statements about his paying you and --

Susan Necheles: Objection. Leading.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: What, if anything, did you become aware of in February of 2018 in terms of public statements made by Michael Cohen about this -- these issues?

Stormy Daniels: Ummm, the articles and the quotes to journalists started to have more details that they wouldn't have gotten unless they got it directly from somebody. And then I found out that Michael Cohen was --

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Stormy Daniels: I found out that he was shopping a book.

Susan Necheles: Objection to the hearsay.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you believe that some of what Michael Cohen was saying publicly was not truthful?

Stormy Daniels: I'm not sure.

Susan Hoffinger: Well, did you believe that Michael Cohen was making certain assertions about what did or didn't happen between yourself and Mr. Trump? Was he denying that you had an encounter with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: No. He was saying that I did. And he was -- he was the fixer.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. He was making certain public statements that upset you, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And why was it upsetting to you?

Stormy Daniels: Because he could talk about it and I couldn't.

Susan Hoffinger: Around this time, did you -- around February of 2018, did Michael Cohen try to prevent you from coming out and telling the truth about what occurred?

Stormy Daniels: I'm not sure if it was Michael Cohen.

Susan Hoffinger: Okay. Did Michael Cohen file or have lawyers file a Temporary Restraining Order against you in about February of 2018?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And can you just explain what your understanding was of that Temporary Restraining Order?

Stormy Daniels: It was to keep me from speaking or that I would be held accountable for the million dollars that was mentioned in the NDA.

Susan Hoffinger: Or --

Stormy Daniels: Per episode.

Susan Hoffinger: And following -- around that time, after you were served, around the time you were served with the Temporary Restraining Order, did you hire another lawyer at that time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And who did you hire?

Stormy Daniels: Michael Avenatti.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you hire him to try to get out of the NDA at that point?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you want to get out of the NDA at that point?

Stormy Daniels: So that I could stand up for myself.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, in about March, early March of 2018, did Mr. Avenatti file a lawsuit in California against Donald Trump and Michael Cohen's company, Essential Consultants, to try to get you out of the NDA?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: After your lawyer, Michael Avenatti, filed that lawsuit to get you out of the NDA, did you also go on 60 Minutes to speak to Anderson Cooper?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you do that?

Stormy Daniels: To get my story out.

Susan Hoffinger: And you did that even though there was a risk that you could be held responsible for breach of the NDA?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Is it your understanding that by the Fall of 2018, Mr. Trump and Michael Cohen agreed not to enforce that NDA that you had signed?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And so, was it your understanding that you were then legally free from the NDA so that you could speak publicly and freely about who occurred?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it your understanding that the Court in California actually found that you were the prevailing party in that suit to free you from the NDA and, therefore, awarded you legal fees?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And were those legal fees -- did they total approximately a little under a hundred thousand dollars?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, just under a hundred grand.

Susan Hoffinger: And after you were free from that NDA, as a result of what we just discussed, did you publish a book?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What was the name of that book?

Stormy Daniels: "Full Disclosure."

Susan Hoffinger: And what is that book about?

Stormy Daniels: It's mostly about my life. It starts when I'm two years old, actually, all the way up until, I believe, I think it ends in June of 2018.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you include in the book some descriptions of what happened with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you include in that book every detail of what occurred in the room with Mr. Trump in his hotel, Harrah's?

Stormy Daniels: Not every detail, no.

Susan Hoffinger: Does the book also include some difficult experiences that you had as a child?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you disclose in the book, for the first time publicly, some of those -- some of the details of what happened to you as a child?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Was the book edited to some degree?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Who edited it?

Stormy Daniels: Two people. The person who helped me write it and edit it for spelling and grammar, and fact checking was Kevin O'Leary, who was hired by the publisher. He mostly transcribed everything I wrote and did some editing. And then I found out later that Michael Avenatti did some editing as well.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you earn some money from the publishing of that book?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And that was your hard work in writing that book on --

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Was it your work on that book that you were paid for?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And aside from making money in publishing that book, were there other reasons as well that you wrote that book?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And what were those reasons, generally?

Stormy Daniels: Ummm, so that my daughter would have an account from her mom's own words of what I had been through and --

Susan Hoffinger: From the various aspects of your life, right?

Stormy Daniels: And the reasons why I did the things that I did.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, did there come a time in April of 2018 that your then-lawyer, Michael Avenatti, also filed a defamation case on your behalf against Donald Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you want him to do that?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you not want him to do that?

Susan Necheles: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Stormy Daniels: It just seemed really risky. And it, it -- it didn't seem like it was something that could be won. It seemed like a bad choice. Not worth it, I guess.

Susan Hoffinger: Was the basis of that defamation claim about what happened --

Stormy Daniels: Yeah.

Susan Hoffinger: -- in a parking lot? Before you answer, just wait a minute. Was the basis of that defamation claim -- withdrawn. In April of 2018, did Mr. Avenatti release a sketch of the man who you believed you had that encounter with in 2011?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And in response to that sketch, did Mr. Trump tweet that the sketch was essentially a con job?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, to your understanding, was that defamation case filed based only on that tweet about whether the sketch was a con job?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, it was about the tweet.

Susan Hoffinger: Did the defamation claim have anything to do with whether or not you were paid for the NDA before the election?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Did the claim of defamation have anything to do with whether or not you had a sexual encounter with Mr. Trump or any other interactions with him?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: What is your understanding about whether the Court in that case made any finding with respect to your credibility whatsoever?

Stormy Daniels: There were none.

Susan Hoffinger: Is it your understanding that the Court determined in that case that Mr. Trump was free to tweet "con job" because it was what the Court called "rhetorical hyperbole?"

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And is that the reason, for something like just an exaggeration?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, as a result of that, the Court's finding was that Mr. Trump was entitled to make that tweet, did the Courts in California award Mr. Trump some legal fees?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Just as they had awarded you legal fees earlier --

Susan Necheles: Objection to the leading, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Hoffinger: Is Michael Avenatti still your lawyer?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why is he not -- why is he not still your lawyer?

Susan Necheles: Objection, relevance.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Stormy Daniels: Because I fired him. And then later he was found guilty of stealing from not just myself, but from several clients, and he was disbarred and is in prison.

Susan Hoffinger: Was he found guilty in the criminal case in which you testified?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And were you cross-examined in that case?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And the result was that he was found guilty?

Susan Necheles: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Move to strike that.

Juan Merchan: The answer is stricken.

Susan Hoffinger: Have you, as a result of the Court in the defamation case awarding Donald Trump some legal fees and your being awarded some legal fees in the NDA case, were some of those offset against each other so that you actually paid off some of those legal fees that the Court said that you owed Mr. Trump?

Susan Necheles: Objection to leading, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I will allow it. You can answer.

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And have you paid, yet, all of the legal fees that the Court said that you owe Mr. Trump as a result of the defamation case?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Why not?

Stormy Daniels: Uhhh, I'm sorry. What was that?

Susan Hoffinger: Why haven't you paid those yet?

Stormy Daniels: Because I don't have the means to pay that kind of funds and because I didn't think it was fair.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, in July of 2023, did Mr. Trump file a proceeding in Florida to recover those additional legal fees?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And do you have a lawyer assisting you with those proceedings?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And is one of those lawyers here in court with you today?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What is your understanding about whether the outcome of this case will have anything to do with the outcome of that proceeding about the legal fees?

Stormy Daniels: It won't.

Susan Hoffinger: So is there any relation whatsoever to your understanding?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: Let me direct your attention now to February of 2021. Did you agree or -- and go on and participate in Michael Cohen's Podcast at that time?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Why did you agree to do that?

Stormy Daniels: Because I wanted him to apologize to me.

Susan Hoffinger: And did he apologize to you on that Podcast?

Stormy Daniels: He did.

Susan Hoffinger: Was that the first time you had ever spoken to him?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, generally, on that Podcast, did you discuss a variety of things?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Including your encounters with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you agree to go on another Podcast of Mr. Cohen's in January of 2022?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And, generally, why did you go on again?

Stormy Daniels: Ummm, because we had a good rapport and this time around he wanted to ask specifics about -- as to the Michael Avenatti case.

Susan Hoffinger: And is that generally what -- mostly what you discussed on that?

Stormy Daniels: On the second Podcast, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, you mentioned earlier that you were featured in a documentary, is that right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Hoffinger: And what was it called?

Stormy Daniels: Stormy.

Susan Hoffinger: And what was it about, generally?

Stormy Daniels: Ummm, the same as the book. It was generally about my life, focusing more on, ummm, the two years of 2018 and '19.

Susan Hoffinger: Did it also include information about your experiences with Mr. Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And were you paid to appear or participate in the documentary?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Hoffinger: While not paid to appear or participate in it, did the production company agree to pay you $125,000 for the licensing rights to your materials and your book?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And how much of that have you been paid so far?

Stormy Daniels: A hundred thousand.

Susan Hoffinger: And is that the sum total of money that you had received or will receive from that documentary?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Now, in addition to the money that you received in connection with that documentary, "that" meaning the licensing rights, was there another reason that you agreed to do the documentary?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What was that, generally?

Stormy Daniels: To get the truth out. The same as the book. To have an updated account.

Susan Hoffinger: Did you first start on that documentary some years ago?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, in 2018.

Susan Hoffinger: And was that well before we gave you a subpoena to testify in this case?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can we please put up People's 408A in evidence.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Hoffinger: First, I'm going to ask you, on March 15th of 2023, did you participate in an interview by Zoom with members of our office?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And I'm showing you -- we are showing you now what's in evidence as People's Exhibit 408A. What is the date of this -- well, first of all, do you recognize this?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Do you recognize @realDonaldTrump to be Mr. Trump's Truth Social account?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And did you recognize that to be his Truth Social account at the time, which is March 2023?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: What's the date on this Truth Social post?

Stormy Daniels: March 15th, 2023.

Susan Hoffinger: And were you aware of this post when it came out, when Mr. Trump released it?

Stormy Daniels: The next morning, yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Can you read it for us, please?

Susan Hoffinger: Maybe you might want to make it a little bit bigger, if it's possible.

Note: [Displayed]

Stormy Daniels: I can see it. I'm good. "I did nothing wrong in the 'Horseface' case. I see she showed up in New York today trying to drum up some publicity for herself. I haven't seen or spoken to her since I took a picture with her on a golf course in full golf gear including a hat close to 18 years ago." "She knows nothing about me other than her con man lawyer Avenatti and convicted liar and felon jailbird Michael Cohen may have schemed up." "Never had an affair with her." "Just another false acquisition by a 'SleazeBag.'" That's a typo, I guess, "by Sleazebag." Period. "Witch Hunt!"

Stormy Daniels: Exclamation point.

Susan Hoffinger: Who did you understand Mr. Trump to be referring to as "Horseface" and "SleazeBag" in this post?

Stormy Daniels: Me.

Susan Hoffinger: Had he called you "Horseface" publicly before?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: And has he also called you "SleazeBag" publicly before?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Has he called you "SleazeBag" since this post?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Is Mr. Trump's statement in this Truth Social post, that he hasn't seen or spoken to you since he took a picture with you on the golf course, is that true or false?

Stormy Daniels: False.

Susan Hoffinger: Why is it false?

Stormy Daniels: Because I met with him numerous times after that and spoke to him on the phone countless times.

Susan Hoffinger: So, in other words, the times that you described here?

Stormy Daniels: [Shaking head.]

Susan Hoffinger: In his hotel room, the next day at Trump Tower, at the Les Deux in LA, and this is a LA hotel, in addition to --

Susan Necheles: Objection to the leading, your Honor.

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Note: [Whereupon, at this time, Laurie Eisenberg relieved Lisa Kramsky as the official court reporter.]

Susan Hoffinger: Your Honor, may we approach for a moment?

Juan Merchan: Sure.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: I just want to be inordinately careful. I'm about to ask what the effect, if any, it had on her. You previously ruled we are allowed to elicit information from subjects from these Truths or Tweets.

Juan Merchan: What is the answer you expect?

Susan Hoffinger: It was frightening for her, she didn't feel good about it, and I'm sure it had a chilling effect.

Susan Necheles: Is that it? Or is she going to talk about threats made to her or things like that?

Susan Hoffinger: I'll ask generally what affect it had on her, seeing this.

Susan Necheles: Judge, we can't un-ring it if she comes out and says that.

Juan Merchan: I agree. I think -- given the discussion we had earlier, I think it's best to stay away from that.

Susan Hoffinger: Will do. That's why I asked to approach.

Juan Merchan: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Susan Hoffinger: Thank you, your Honor. I have no further questions.

Juan Merchan: Thank you. Your witness.

Susan Necheles: Thank you.

Juan Merchan: You may inquire.

Susan Necheles: Thank you, your Honor.

Note: [Cross-examination by Susan Necheles.]

Susan Necheles: Good afternoon, Ms. Daniels. My name is Susan Necheles. You and I have never spoken before, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And I represent President Trump. So, even though we've never spoken, you've met with the prosecutors on a number of occasions, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you rehearsed your testimony here, right?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: Well, according to you, the prosecutors subjected you to "several grueling prep sessions, which included brutal mock cross-examinations", correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And that -- and you say that that's not rehearsing your testimony?

Stormy Daniels: It is not rehearsing my testimony.

Susan Necheles: But, you pretended to be being cross-examined, right?

Stormy Daniels: My testimony was not rehearsed.

Susan Necheles: That was not my question. Do you want me to repeat my question?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, please.

Susan Necheles: Okay. You pretended to be cross-examined, didn't you?

Stormy Daniels: Um, no.

Susan Necheles: Well, when you said that -- just now, you agreed that you were subjected to "grueling prep sessions, which included brutal mock cross-examination". "Mock cross-examination" means that they had someone who pretended to be cross-examining you, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Stormy Daniels: There were a lot of parts. Which part would you like me to answer first?

Susan Necheles: Okay. Is it correct that you had mock cross-examination done?

Stormy Daniels: I was asked questions as they would, perhaps, be asked by the Court.

Susan Necheles: But, you said on a previous occasion that you had "mock cross-examination" done to you --

Stormy Daniels: I used the wrong word. "Mock" is not the correct term now that I'm in court.

Susan Necheles: So, when you said that before, you were not being truthful?

Stormy Daniels: I was incorrect. I did not know what true court would be like.

Susan Necheles: But, they asked you questions as if you were being cross-examined, right?

Stormy Daniels: Not exactly, no.

Susan Necheles: And it was, you said, "brutal sessions", right, "grueling sessions", right?

Stormy Daniels: True.

Susan Necheles: And they were "pushing you", right?

Stormy Daniels: The memories were hard to bring up, yes. They were painful.

Susan Necheles: And they wanted to make sure that when you came into court, you were able to present a good appearance, right?

Stormy Daniels: The -- that I wouldn't be too upset.

Susan Necheles: And that you would be ready for cross-exam, right?

Stormy Daniels: No. I don't think so.

Susan Necheles: Okay. So, when you said "mock cross-examinations", it wasn't to get you ready for cross-exam?

Stormy Daniels: [No response].

Susan Necheles: Right? Is that what you're saying?

Stormy Daniels: It was to have all of the facts. They wanted to ask, to have as much information as possible.

Susan Necheles: And the prosecutors began your direct testimony today by asking you why you started acting in pornography, right? Do you remember that happening this morning?

Stormy Daniels: They asked me why?

Susan Necheles: Yes.

Stormy Daniels: I don't think they asked me why.

Susan Necheles: Well, do you recall testifying that you started acting in pornography because you wanted to make more money, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And it's that simple, you wanted more money, right?

Stormy Daniels: Don't we all want to make more money in our jobs?

Susan Necheles: And that is why you started acting in pornography, right?

Stormy Daniels: To get a pay increase for my dancing, yes.

Susan Necheles: That motivates you a lot in life, making more money, right?

Stormy Daniels: Well, it is the United -- that's what we do here. [Shrugs].

Susan Necheles: Am I correct that you hate President Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you want him to go to jail, right?

Stormy Daniels: I want him to be held accountable.

Susan Necheles: You want him to go to jail, am I correct?

Stormy Daniels: If he is found guilty, absolutely.

Susan Necheles: And you Tweeted in the past that: "I won't walk, I'll dance down the street when he's selected to go to jail," correct?

Stormy Daniels: Can you show me that's exactly what I said? That's not --

Susan Necheles: Can we please pull up J-2 right now, only for the witness and the parties, please.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Is that your tweet?

Stormy Daniels: Uh-huh. [Laughs].

Susan Necheles: Did you just laugh?

Stormy Daniels: Selected is in quotes because I am quoting something that someone else said. Because I knew that you don't get selected to go to jail.

Susan Necheles: You just laughed about that, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Stormy Daniels: It is a typo.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Stormy Daniels: That's why it is funny. You don't get selected to go to jail.

Susan Necheles: It's not because you think this is all funny?

Stormy Daniels: No. Absolutely not.

Susan Necheles: When you say -- so -- and that, in fact, is what you tweeted, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I am quoting another tweet.

Susan Necheles: You are quoting the word "selected", right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And everything else is your words, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: Your words: "I won't walk, I'll dance down the street when he's", quote, "selected", end quote, "to go to jail"?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And, part of the reason you hate him is because he won a legal case against you and you owe him, today, over half-a-million-dollars, right?

Stormy Daniels: He didn't win the case. He won attorney's fees because I was not allowed to go to trial. Court. Sorry.

Susan Necheles: You're suing him for defamation, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: But, your lawsuit was dismissed by the court, Federal Court in California, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right. So it was not lost. It was dismissed.

Susan Necheles: It was dismissed. That means he won the case, right?

Stormy Daniels: He was prevailed, but I was not found to have lost.

Susan Necheles: So, the prevailing part is the winning, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: So, you agree with me, he won the case, and he was awarded over half-a-million-dollars in legal fees, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: In fact, there were three awards for legal fees on his part, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: First, on December 11th, 2018, you were ordered to pay $293,052.33, correct?

Stormy Daniels: I'm not sure of the exact dates.

Susan Necheles: Can I show you what's being marked exhibit J-4.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Stormy Daniels: Okay.

Susan Necheles: If you look in the top, you see --

Stormy Daniels: I see it.

Susan Necheles: You recognize that to be the Order, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, ma'am. I just wasn't sure of the exact date.

Susan Necheles: I offer that in evidence.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: That was from October 15th, right?

Stormy Daniels: I'm not sure.

Susan Necheles: Well, you see the date on it?

Stormy Daniels: It says "December".

Susan Necheles: I'm sorry. J4, correct, occurred on December 11th, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And then you appealed that Order and lost, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you then had to pay attorney's fees for the appeal, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And that occurred on March 30, 2022, correct?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know the date.

Susan Necheles: Okay. Can we show her what's been marked as Defendant's J-5.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: That was March 30, 2022?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Necheles: And on that date, you were ordered to pay an additional $245,209.67 to President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Sorry. It says -- it's not on this page.

Susan Necheles: Can you turn to the last paragraph for the witness, please, on Page 10.

Stormy Daniels: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Necheles: Yet, you appealed again, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you lost that again, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you were ordered on April 4, 2023 to pay an additional $121,972.56, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Same. Could you please show it to me?

Susan Necheles: Sure.

Susan Necheles: Can we show the witness and the parties what has been marked as Defendant's Exhibit J-6.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, ma'am.

Susan Necheles: That was on April 4, 2023?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: So, in total, because of your frivolous litigation against President Trump --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Because of your cases that you brought that were dismissed against President Trump, courts have awarded President Trump over $660,000 in attorney's fees, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Roughly, yes.

Susan Necheles: And then you testified that was set aside by -- offset by about a hundred thousand dollars in attorney's fees?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: In a different case?

Stormy Daniels: [Nods yes].

Susan Necheles: So, the total amount in attorney's fees, alone, was approximately $560,000 that you owe to President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: About.

Susan Necheles: And that's before interest, right?

Stormy Daniels: I would assume yes.

Susan Necheles: And California, you know, has 10 percent annual interest on this, right?

Stormy Daniels: I did not know.

Susan Necheles: And some of these have been pending since 2018, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And, you testified -- on direct you were asked, as a result of the offset, you have paid some of the legal fees, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: But, you didn't pay anything out of your pocket, did you?

Stormy Daniels: [No response].

Susan Necheles: You didn't take any money out of your pocket and pay it to Donald Trump, did you?

Susan Hoffinger: Object to defense counsel's voice.

Juan Merchan: Sustained. Please allow her to answer.

Stormy Daniels: Sorry. Can I hear the question again?

Susan Necheles: Sure. You didn't take any money out of your pocket and pay President Trump, did you?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: In fact, you have not taken one penny out of your pocket to pay these awards, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: And you said on direct it's because you can't afford it, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: But, you have money, right?

Stormy Daniels: We all have money.

Susan Necheles: It's because you're choosing not to pay him one penny, President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: [Pause]. We all have -- I don't understand the question.

Susan Necheles: Well, you've chosen to disobey the Court Order, right?

Stormy Daniels: I have chosen not to make a payment while it's still pending, yes.

Susan Necheles: You have announced publicly that you will never pay President Trump the money that you owe him, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: In fact, the day after the Federal Court of Appeals ordered you to pay President Trump $245,000, you tweeted: "I will go to jail before I pay a penny," correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And, I show you what has been marked as Exhibit J-7.

Susan Necheles: We can just show that to the witness, the parties, and the Court.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: You recognize that as your tweet?

Stormy Daniels: Yep.

Susan Necheles: I offer that in evidence.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Prior evidence applies.

Juan Merchan: Approach.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: She's admitted each of these.

Juan Merchan: She admitted it.

Susan Necheles: It's not coming in as a prior inconsistent statement alone. It's not coming in as that. It's prior evidence of bias, which is admissible to show bias and motive.

Susan Hoffinger: You've excluded any exhibits to be admitted by them on cross.

Susan Necheles: No.

Juan Merchan: That's not correct. I'll allow it.

Susan Necheles: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, Defense Exhibit J-7 is received in evidence.]

Susan Necheles: We can show that.

Susan Necheles: Is that your Twitter handle?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: @StormyDaniels?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And that was your tweet on March 21, 2022, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And that was right when the Court of Appeals had ordered you to pay money, right?

Stormy Daniels: Roughly, yes.

Susan Necheles: And that was you saying: I don't care about a Federal Court Order, right?

Stormy Daniels: That is me saying that I will not pay for telling the truth.

Susan Necheles: Well, it was a Federal Court Order, you understood, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection. Asked and answered.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Stormy Daniels: That's not what I was responding to.

Susan Necheles: Well --

Stormy Daniels: My motivation was because I was telling the truth.

Susan Necheles: Ms. Daniels, you understand that there's no question standing, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: You're correct. Can you ask the witness to respond?

Juan Merchan: Sure. Please wait until there's a question, and then you can answer the question.

Stormy Daniels: Okay.

Susan Necheles: But, you don't care about the Court Order, do you?

Stormy Daniels: Of course I care.

Susan Necheles: So, even though there's three Court Orders ordering you to pay President Trump, you are not going to do that, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know.

Susan Necheles: Well, isn't it correct -- well, let me show you what has been marked as J-1 for the witness and the parties.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Do you recognize that --

Stormy Daniels: Yep.

Susan Necheles: -- as a tweet by you?

Stormy Daniels: Yep.

Susan Necheles: I offer that in evidence, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Accepted into evidence.

Note: [Whereupon, Defense Exhibit J-1 is received in evidence.]

Susan Necheles: We can show it to everybody.

Susan Necheles: Again, that's you -- your tweet, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And it's you, again, saying: "I don't owe him shit and I'll never give that orange turd a dime," right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And that's you calling President Trump names, right?

Stormy Daniels: In retaliation for what he said to me, yes.

Susan Necheles: And that's you making fun of how he looks, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: So, when you were asked on your direct examination if he called you Horseface, you call him names all the time, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: You despise him, and you made fun of how he looks, right?

Stormy Daniels: Because he made fun of me first.

Susan Necheles: So, one of you started it, but you both continue it, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: But, in any case, you also have vowed that you will never give him a dime, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection. Asked and answered.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: To be clear, at the time that you made this tweet, there were already three Federal Court Orders --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Susan Necheles: -- or two ordering you to pay money, right?

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Now, you know that debtors are required to fill out a form under penalty of perjury disclosing their accounts, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: You testified on the record there is a case in Florida against you by Donald Trump trying to collect money, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you're required to fill out that form, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you have totally refused to fill out that form for ages, correct?

Stormy Daniels: False.

Susan Necheles: Well, am I correct that you gave an interview with Jeff Toobin where you said you were not gonna fill out that form?

Stormy Daniels: It has been filled out, to my knowledge. You'd have to ask my attorney.

Susan Necheles: Did you understand the question?

Susan Hoffinger: She answered the question.

Juan Merchan: She did.

Susan Necheles: Did you give an interview to Jeff Toobin where you said you were not going to fill out the form?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't --

Juan Merchan: Why don't you start again.

Susan Necheles: Thank you.

Susan Necheles: Do you recall giving an interview to Jeff Toobin where you said you would not fill out that form?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And your lawyer was asking you to fill out the form, and you said, "I'm fully prepared to go to jail before doing this," right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct. They were asking for questions about my daughter on that form.

Susan Necheles: Well, the form asked your daughter's name in one place, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: But, other than that, the form is entirely only about your assets, right?

Stormy Daniels: [Shrugs]. I don't remember. My attorney sent it to me.

Susan Necheles: Okay. Well -- now you say you filled out the form, right?

Stormy Daniels: Filled out parts of it. My attorney did it for me.

Susan Necheles: Let me show you what has been marked as J-10A. J-10A.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Do you recognize that as the form?

Stormy Daniels: It was an email from my attorney. So, I think so. I'm not sure.

Susan Necheles: We can turn to page -- turn to the next page, J-10B. Q And -- if we turn to Page 3 of that, you see that's a Fact and Information Sheet for you?

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: I offer this in evidence.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Stormy Daniels: [Whispering to the Court] This has my address.

Susan Necheles: Well, let me ask you, you only partially filled this form out, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Can I approach?

Stormy Daniels: [Whispering to the Court] That's got my address.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Susan Hoffinger: We are getting way down the road now in that case. Now, I understand they opened the door on bias concerning the legal fees, and there's been a lot of testimony elicited. But, at this point, this is entirely collateral.

Juan Merchan: I agree. I allowed you to introduce one or two other pieces of evidence that really are collateral. I allowed you to introduce them. I don't see why you need this.

Susan Necheles: I don't need to put it in. I just want to question her about: She lied about her assets and is trying to hide her assets.

Juan Merchan: Okay.

Susan Necheles: That's all I wanted the document for.

Juan Merchan: She turned to me, she looked very fearful, and she said, "That's got my address." You asked to approach, and she said, "That's got my address." She is very much afraid of this form. Ask the questions you want to ask her.

Susan Necheles: I would block off the address.

Juan Merchan: I can appreciate that.

Susan Necheles: We don't need to put that in. I want to ask her about lying about the form.

Juan Merchan: You can ask her, sure.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Susan Necheles: Ms. Daniels, if you could turn your attention --

Susan Necheles: If we can show for the witness and the parties only Page --

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Well, just to be clear, this is a Fact Information Sheet having to do with you, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: Judge, may we approach?

Juan Merchan: Take that down, please.

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held at sidebar.]

Juan Merchan: You're not offering that into evidence -- it's being shown to the parties -- because she's very much afraid of your client seeing that address. That's what I was communicating to you before. Why don't you just ask her questions about the form.

Susan Necheles: I was going to turn to a different page. I wanted to ask her and wanted to see, she says she has no money in her bank account.

Juan Merchan: Why don't you ask her first.

Susan Hoffinger: This is an unsigned form. I don't know what we're asking about. There is no signature on this form. She's not entitled to ask her about a form that's got information that is not signed by anybody.

Juan Merchan: Has this form been filed?

Susan Necheles: Her lawyer sent it to President Trump's lawyer.

Susan Hoffinger: You can look at it.

Juan Merchan: It got filed with the Court?

Susan Necheles: It doesn't get filed, is my understanding. It's not signed.

Juan Merchan: Can I see the form?

Susan Necheles: Yes.

Susan Hoffinger: It's entirely unsigned.

Note: [Whereupon, Ms. Necheles hands documents to the Court.]

Juan Merchan: This is the entire form?

Susan Necheles: Yes. At least, that's the entire form I received.

Juan Merchan: Where is it signed?

Susan Hoffinger: It's not signed.

Susan Necheles: It's not signed. I was going to ask her: She's been delaying, she won't fill out the form for three years, four years. She just said: No, I had it filled out. That was her testimony.

Juan Merchan: Here's what we can do. You can hand it to her instead of putting it up. You can just ask her questions. And you can redirect and ask her if this form is signed or not.

Susan Necheles: Her lawyer sent it to Donald Trump's lawyer. I understand her concerns.

Juan Merchan: That's why you can question her.

Susan Necheles: It's a concern he'll know her address. It was sent to her --

Juan Merchan: I am not going to get into this discussion. You can hand this up to the witness.

Note: [Whereupon, the Court returns the documents to Ms. Necheles.]

Note: [Whereupon, the following proceedings were held in open court.]

Juan Merchan: Are you handing that up to the witness?

Susan Necheles: Yes. Thank you, your Honor.

Susan Necheles: I'm handing you up what has been marked as Defense J-10A.

Note: [Whereupon, the exhibit is handed to the witness by the court officer.]

Susan Necheles: That's the document we've been talking about, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: That's the document you said -- you testified that you had filled out, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection. I don't believe that was the testimony.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: You said it was no longer true that you were refusing to fill out this form, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: So, this form has been partially filled out, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And if we turn to Page 3 -- Page 3, it asks about your spouse's income, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you say that's "unknown", right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection. Reading from a document.

Juan Merchan: I'm sorry.

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: What's the objection?

Susan Hoffinger: It's not in evidence.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Well, when you filled out this form, you did not give your spouse's income, right?

Stormy Daniels: I won't fill out information that endangers my family or my daughter, no matter what. [Nods no].

Susan Necheles: I'm asking about your spouse's income, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: And you did not fill out your spouse's income, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: It asks about what cars you own or are buying, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: You also refused to give that information, right?

Stormy Daniels: That's -- A Oh. Actually, that was on there. So, yeah.

Susan Necheles: And you said you have no bank accounts, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection. That was not the testimony.

Juan Merchan: Why don't you just ask her: Does she have bank accounts.

Susan Necheles: Do you have bank accounts?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Did you tell that on the form, the form that you're required to fill out disclosing that information?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't fill out this form.

Susan Necheles: You didn't fill it out. You're still refusing to provide that information, aren't you?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Well, have you provided the information you're required under law to provide so that President Trump can collect on the judgments from you?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: And you refused to sign the form as well, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. You can answer.

Stormy Daniels: I have not filled out -- I haven't been given the form to sign. It went to my attorney. He has not returned it to me to sign.

Susan Necheles: Didn't you testify a few minutes ago it came to your email?

Stormy Daniels: From my attorney. He has not filled it out.

Susan Necheles: And now, you, in fact, own a home, don't you?

Stormy Daniels: No, I do not.

Susan Necheles: Well, isn't it a fact that in 2022, you tweeted that you had earned so much money from making pornography that you had just paid for your new ranch home?

Stormy Daniels: I did tweet that, but I didn't own a home, and I do not own a home.

Susan Necheles: So, when you tweeted that, that was false?

Stormy Daniels: We did not end up buying that house.

Susan Necheles: And, am I correct that at that time you said you made a million dollars in a book deal and in The Surreal Life, and you're just doing the same job you've always done and love doing, and that you just paid for your new ranch home?

Stormy Daniels: I would have to see the tweet.

Susan Necheles: Okay.

Susan Necheles: We can pull up J-17.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Isn't that correct, you said you just made a million dollars?

Stormy Daniels: I said I have made a million.

Susan Necheles: And you said: "I just paid" -- you said: "I just paid for my new ranch," right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And that was on December 11th, 2022, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: So, was that a lie?

Stormy Daniels: I pay rent at a ranch. I didn't say I purchased it.

Susan Necheles: Is that what you meant when you tweeted to the world that you just paid for your new ranch, that you were paying rent?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: With a million dollars?

Stormy Daniels: [Nods yes].

Susan Necheles: Isn't it true that you have been hiding your assets because you don't want to pay the judgment against you?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: Didn't you set up a Trust in the name of your daughter?

Stormy Daniels: Nope.

Susan Necheles: And isn't it true that you are hoping that if Donald Trump is convicted, you'll never have to pay him the more than half-a-million-dollars you owe him?

Stormy Daniels: I hope I don't have to pay him no matter what happens.

Susan Necheles: Now, while you've been refusing to pay President Trump the money that you owe him, you've also been making money by claiming that you had sex with President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Are you talking about the book? Yes.

Susan Necheles: And, you've been making money by claiming you had sex with Donald Trump for more than a decade, right?

Stormy Daniels: I have not been paid for interviews in the United States if that's what you mean.

Susan Necheles: Well, that was not my question. My question was, you've been making money by claiming to have had sex with President Trump for more than a decade, right?

Stormy Daniels: I have been making money by telling my story about what happened to me.

Susan Necheles: And that story, in essence, is that you say you had sex with President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And that story has made you a lot of money, right?

Stormy Daniels: It has also cost me a lot of money.

Susan Necheles: Now, just going back, isn't it a fact that before you started making money off of claiming you had sex, you were denying that you had sex with President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Because of the NDA, yes.

Susan Necheles: The NDA was signed in 2016, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Isn't it a fact that in 2011, you spoke with a prominent lawyer named Gloria Allred about whether you could sue President Trump for money, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't remember what was talked about in that conversation. But I also told her that I had sex with Donald Trump.

Susan Necheles: You claim you told her you had sex with Donald Trump, is that what you're saying?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Do you remember writing a book called Full Disclosure?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: I show you what has been marked as Exhibit J-11.

Susan Necheles: That's just for the witness, and the parties, and the Court, please.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: You recognize that as the book that you wrote?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: It's called Full Disclosure, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Your Honor, if we could just put that in evidence, just the picture of the cover, not the book.

Juan Merchan: I'll allow it.

Note: [Whereupon, Defense Exhibit J-11 is received in evidence.]

Susan Necheles: We can show that to everybody.

Susan Necheles: That's the cover of the book you wrote, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you stated in this book that Gina Rodriguez arranged a phone call between you and Gloria Allred to tell your story, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: Who is Gina Rodriguez?

Stormy Daniels: She is a talent manager.

Susan Necheles: She was someone who helped you on several occasions to sell your story, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: In 2011, she arranged for you to speak with Gloria Allred, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Who is Gloria Allred?

Stormy Daniels: She's an attorney.

Susan Necheles: She's a prominent attorney who has represented lots of women who have made money from men by threatening to sue them, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Necheles: Is that correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I actually turned down her offer.

Susan Necheles: Okay. And, in this -- in fact, you told Gloria -- you had a phone call with Gloria Allred?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: You described to Gloria Allred your story about President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you told Gloria Allred that you did not have sex with President Trump, didn't you?

Stormy Daniels: No. I did not say that. I told her that I did.

Susan Necheles: I want to direct your attention to Page 194 of Exhibit J-11G, which we'll show just to the parties and the witness.

Note: [Whereupon, an exhibit is shown on the witness' and the parties' screens.]

Susan Necheles: Okay.

Susan Necheles: If we could blow up for the witness where it starts with "I barreled", that paragraph.

Susan Necheles: You see that? You can read it to yourself where it starts off with "I barreled". Am I correct that you told -- you had a conversation, and you said in a prior statement that you gave Gloria Allred an extremely abbreviated version of your interactions, leaving out sex, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. During that phone conversation. When I met her in person later, I told her everything.

Susan Necheles: All right. I'm talking about what you wrote in your book. This is your book, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Necheles: This is your book, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And in your book, you said that you left out sex and anything in the least bit interesting, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And then Ms. Allred asked you, "Is there anything else?", right?

Stormy Daniels: [No response].

Susan Necheles: Right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you said, "No," right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: And then she said, "Well, I can't do anything else for you if that's all there is," right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And, you say -- you wrote: "I hung up, and that was that," right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct. I did not tell her all the sex details. I did not trust her. And she wanted me to accuse him of forced -- basically rape, and so I did not continue that conversation.

Susan Necheles: None of that is in your book, is it?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: Right? You're making this up as you sit there, right?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: Well, you wrote a whole book, and you specifically describe that encounter, and you didn't say anything like you just said, right?

Stormy Daniels: Which is why I said it's an abbreviated version of my interaction, leaving out the sex part. I'm pretty sure that backs up my story.

Susan Necheles: You said it's an abbreviated version of your interaction with Donald Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: "Abbreviated" means I left out all of the details, including the sex, because she wanted to force me into saying things that were not true.

Susan Necheles: Meaning, you didn't tell Gloria Allred anything about sex, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: You learned from that, did you not, that a story about President Trump that doesn't include sex will make you no money, right?

Stormy Daniels: It taught me that I should tell the truth and not trust people that I didn't feel like I could trust, and she was one of them.

Susan Necheles: In other words, it taught you that if you want to make money off of President Trump, you better talk about sex, right?

Stormy Daniels: No. Although, that does seem to be the case. Exactly.

Susan Necheles: So, the next time you tried to sell your story about President Trump, you did, in fact, change your story and say you had sex, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know what time you're talking about.

Susan Necheles: Well, in 2011, you tried to sell In Touch magazine a story about you having sex with President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: The first time I told the story about having sex with Donald Trump was in 2007. So there wasn't a next time.

Susan Necheles: Well, your conversation with Gloria Allred was in 2011, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right. It was in the Fall of 2011. In Touch was in the Spring of 2011.

Susan Necheles: When was your baby born?

Stormy Daniels: What was that?

Susan Necheles: When was your baby born?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled. Just tell us the year.

Stormy Daniels: 2010

Susan Necheles: And when you describe that interaction with Gloria Allred in your book, you said it was right after the baby was born, right?

Stormy Daniels: She was an infant.

Susan Necheles: And, in fact, your conversation -- you had a series of phone conversations with a reporter named Jordi McGraw from In Touch magazine, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: And she taped your conversations, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know.

Susan Necheles: And, later, a transcript of it was published, right?

Stormy Daniels: It was published. I don't know if she records the conversation or not or if she takes notes.

Susan Necheles: In 2011, when you were trying -- you had those conversations, you were trying to sell your story, correct, about President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Which conversation?

Susan Necheles: Well, the conversations you had with this reporter from In Touch magazine, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And, you thought an offer -- you were offered $15,000 to be paid when the story ran, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And, am I correct that then Michael Cohen threatened to sue the magazine if the story would run?

Stormy Daniels: That's what I was told.

Susan Necheles: At the same time --

Stormy Daniels: I don't know.

Susan Necheles: At the same time you told In Touch magazine that you had sex with President Trump, you had your lawyer, Keith Davidson, tell thedirty.com that you never had sex with Donald Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: I had him send them a notice to take down what they had written.

Susan Necheles: And you denied having had sex with President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right. Because I was afraid.

Susan Necheles: Well, on the one hand, you're telling the story to In Touch magazine that you did have sex, and at the same time, you are telling E magazine -- or thedirty.com that you never had sex with him, right?

Stormy Daniels: It was not the same time. The Dirty came after I was threatened in a parking lot.

Susan Necheles: You sure?

Stormy Daniels: [No response].

Susan Necheles: You sure about that?

Stormy Daniels: Yeah. They ran it a couple of times I think. I'm not sure. It was not until I was afraid. [Shrugs].

Susan Necheles: And, am I correct that you told -- you made a statement in 2011 to E! Online where you said that -- to E! News that the story about you having sex, in your words, was "bullshit"?

Stormy Daniels: I never gave a statement to E! I was asked what I thought about all of this stuff, and I said I thought it was bullshit.

Susan Necheles: Well, you said the story was bullshit, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. But I did not refer to the act. The fact that there was a story and they were trying to publicize it and put it on all these gossip sites was and still is bullshit.

Susan Necheles: So, you're saying now that was not a denial?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: You're saying it was bullshit that it's going to be reported, is that what you're saying?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And that's at the same time you're trying to make $15,000 off of this story?

Stormy Daniels: [No response].

Susan Necheles: Is that correct?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And, isn't it a fact that what you said depended on who would pay you money?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: Well, one place you say, "I didn't have sex," the other place you say, "I did have sex," and it depends on who's paying money, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Stormy Daniels: False. I did 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper, and they gave me zero.

Susan Necheles: We'll get back to that. I'm back in 2011. Right? You understand that, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And Anderson Cooper is in 2018, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: So, in 2011 -- I'll repeat my question. One place won't pay you money, you say you didn't have sex with President Trump, another place that's offering you $15,000, you gave an extensive interview, saying you did have sex with President Trump?

Stormy Daniels: It was a 15-minute interview, and it was the only one I did, and I turned down all of the other ones for money.

Susan Necheles: But, the answer to my question is "yes", isn't it?

Stormy Daniels: No, it's not.

Susan Necheles: And when you say it was a 15-minute interview, it was a 22-page article, wasn't it?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And that's 22 pages of transcript, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know.

Susan Necheles: And you're a fast speaker, but you think you speak that fast, that you could generate 22 pages of transcript in 15 minutes?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Stormy Daniels: I don't know.

Susan Necheles: And, you, in fact, never received that $15,000?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: That was because, as you said, President Trump said your story was false and Michael Cohen threatened to sue, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know the exact reason why. It did not run. I know that.

Note: [Whereupon, Senior Court Reporter Theresa Magniccari relieves Senior Court Reporter Laurie Eisenberg, and the transcript continues on the following page.]

Note: [Continued direct examination by Susan Necheles.]

Susan Necheles: And you claim that in 2011, after you sold your story to In Touch, you were approached by a man in a car?

Stormy Daniels: By what?

Susan Necheles: A man in a car.

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And according to you, this man threatened you and your infant daughter?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: He threatened your lives, you said?

Stormy Daniels: He implied it, yes.

Susan Necheles: In 2011, when this supposedly happened, you didn't tell anybody about this supposed threat to yourself and your baby daughter?

Stormy Daniels: I told my close friends.

Susan Necheles: Well, according to you, that threat happened while you were you on the way to exercise class?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And right after it supposedly happened, you say you actually went to that exercise class?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't go to the class. I went to the restroom in the class.

Susan Necheles: You went to the restroom, after that you went to the class, right?

Stormy Daniels: No, I did not return to exercise class. I waited until they were done with the class.

Susan Necheles: But you did not tell anybody at that class -- you didn't tell your instructor that you had just supposedly been threatened?

Stormy Daniels: No. I lied to her and told her that my baby had a blowout in her diaper, that is why I was crying in the bathroom.

Susan Necheles: You didn't tell anybody else in the class about it?

Stormy Daniels: No, they left before I came out of the bathroom any way.

Susan Necheles: You never before this instance said you were crying about it, did you, that was the first time you ever said that?

Stormy Daniels: No, it's not.

Susan Necheles: One minute. Isn't it true that you wrote about this in your book, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you said that you went right to the bathroom and you must have looked crazy because the instructor yelled after you, "Are you okay," right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: You said you responded, "She had a blowout, I'll be there in a minute"?

Stormy Daniels: I was afraid to tell anyone. I was alone in the bathroom. I held my baby close instinctively, covering her head as I stared at myself in the mirror.

Susan Necheles: You were shaking still, but less now, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: You didn't say, "I was lying and the instructor saw me crying," did you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did. I said, she had a blowout, that is a lie. That is not telling the truth.

Susan Necheles: Then, in fact, in the same book, you said that, "I went and did the class, told no one what happened in the parking lot," right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I went to the class afterwards. Everybody was gone. Told my instructor that she had an accident and that was it.

Susan Necheles: When you wrote, "I went and did the class," you didn't mean to say, "I did the exercise class?"

Stormy Daniels: It was incorrect. I did not do the class.

Susan Necheles: So you wrote a book saying that you did the class and now you are saying you didn't do the class?

Stormy Daniels: I did not do the class. There is no way I could have possibly done exercises as scared as I was.

Susan Necheles: In any case, you didn't tell anybody in the class about it, right?

Stormy Daniels: No, but I wasn't close with those women anyway.

Susan Necheles: You didn't call the police, did you?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: You didn't even tell your husband who was the father of the child who you claim was threatened, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: The first time you publicly told this story that was about a supposed threat to your life was in 2018, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't remember.

Susan Necheles: Well, it was on the Anderson Cooper show, wasn't it?

Stormy Daniels: Publicly in like an interview?

Susan Necheles: Yes. Yes.

Stormy Daniels: I know I had told it before that because a colleague told it in an interview she did about me. She was the only person that I called that day or the next day after it happened.

Susan Necheles: At the time, though, in your book, you said you told no one, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Now you claim you told a colleague?

Stormy Daniels: Uh-huh. Afterwards, not that day.

Susan Necheles: But you wrote, you told nobody about this story?

Stormy Daniels: Which I said in the book, as you just read, "I told nobody about it that day or the days that followed."

Susan Necheles: So the first time you mentioned it publicly was seven years after it supposedly happened, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And for seven years it's your claim that you kept this story secret from your husband, right?

Stormy Daniels: I kept all of it secret from my husband.

Susan Necheles: Your daughter's life was in jeopardy and you did not tell her father, right?

Stormy Daniels: Right.

Susan Necheles: But when you went on Anderson Cooper and were interviewed, you decided to announce it to the world, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And the reason you told this story in 2018 is, you were using it as an excuse for why you never publicly said before that you had had sex with President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't understand what you are asking.

Susan Necheles: Well, you used this supposed threat that happened to you as an excuse to tell people, this is why I didn't talk publicly, I was afraid, right?

Stormy Daniels: But I did talk publicly.

Susan Necheles: Well, when did you give a public interview before 2011 -- before 2018?

Stormy Daniels: I talked publicly on the speakerphone on set multiple times. On a radio show in 2007 I told the story.

Susan Necheles: Okay. Ms. Daniels, I am asking about an interview, not what you supposedly told friends.

Stormy Daniels: An interview on the radio show, that was an interview.

Susan Necheles: When was that?

Stormy Daniels: In 2007.

Susan Necheles: What show was that?

Stormy Daniels: A radio show in Tampa.

Susan Necheles: And you didn't say the person's name, did you?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, I did.

Susan Necheles: Are you sure?

Stormy Daniels: I wrote it down on a piece of paper and it is shown in the video.

Susan Necheles: That is what you claim now you said then, but what occurred is --

Susan Hoffinger: Objection.

Juan Merchan: Overruled.

Susan Necheles: What occurred is, obviously, you were asked four famous people you slept with?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you wrote down three peoples names?

Stormy Daniels: I don't remember how many names I wrote down, it might have been three or maybe four.

Susan Necheles: It was never made public?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: What is, you claim, the public story that you claim you told before?

Stormy Daniels: I mentioned Lake Tahoe and the hotel room, and that is pretty obvious it is about Donald Trump.

Susan Necheles: In 2018, when you went on TV, you said, with Anderson Cooper, "You never told the story publicly before because I was threatened?"

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you blame that on Michael Cohen, right?

Stormy Daniels: No, I blamed it on the man in the garage.

Susan Necheles: But you had said that you believed that Michael Cohen was the one who sent that man in the garage?

Stormy Daniels: I did at the time. I was wrong.

Susan Necheles: At the time, you hated Michael Cohen?

Stormy Daniels: Absolutely.

Susan Necheles: But, now, you and Michael Cohen are buddies?

Stormy Daniels: I wouldn't say we are buddies.

Susan Necheles: You went on his podcast a couple of times?

Stormy Daniels: To have him apologize and he did.

Susan Necheles: You hosted his podcast, right?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: You didn't take over his podcast and post it on your site?

Stormy Daniels: It was not his podcast. My podcast is called "Beyond the Norm." His was called "Mea Culpa."

Susan Necheles: When you say you went on his podcast to have him apologize, you went on to talk about your story, about supposedly having sex with President Trump?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And on that podcast he told you he had nothing to do with any supposed threat made to you, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And, by the way, both you and Michael Cohen share a desire to make money off of seeing President Trump go to jail, right?

Susan Hoffinger: Objection, as to Michael Cohen.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: You have a desire --

Stormy Daniels: I am sorry, what was the question again?

Susan Necheles: With -- withdrawn. In 2018, you went on The View and repeated your story about this guy that supposedly threatened you, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And at that point you had a sketch artist draw a picture of what the man supposedly looked like?

Stormy Daniels: Michael Avenatti hired a sketch artist.

Susan Necheles: You announced it on The View?

Stormy Daniels: Yes, he did.

Susan Necheles: You and Michael Avenatti were sitting right next to each other?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: He was your lawyer, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And when you say "he did it," you did it with him?

Stormy Daniels: No, he hired the artist and surprised me with it, honestly.

Susan Necheles: And you and Michael Avenatti offered a $100,000 reward for anyone who could identify this supposed assailant?

Stormy Daniels: Michael Cohen offered -- Michael Avenatti offered a $100,000 reward. I would have never agreed to that.

Susan Necheles: Michael Avenatti never had to pay that $100,000 reward, did he?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: Because no one ever came forward and said, "I know who this man might be?"

Stormy Daniels: A lot of people did. Either none of them checked out, or he didn't follow up on it. He definitely got a lot of hits.

Susan Necheles: That's because this man never existed?

Stormy Daniels: He absolutely existed.

Susan Necheles: The whole story was made up?

Stormy Daniels: No, none of it was made.

Susan Necheles: Can we take an afternoon break?

Juan Merchan: Would you like to take a break?

Susan Necheles: Yes.

Juan Merchan: All right. Jurors, let's take an afternoon break. You can all step out.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated.

Sergeant: Continued case on trial.

Juan Merchan: I imagine we are going to continue on Thursday.

Susan Necheles: How late are we going?

Juan Merchan: If we have to continue to Thursday, we will stop at 4:30. Then I imagine there is some redirect.

Susan Hoffinger: Yes, your Honor.

Court Officer: Witness entering.

Juan Merchan: Let's get the jury.

Court Clerk: Case on trial continued. All jurors are present and properly seated.

Juan Merchan: Ms. Necheles.

Note: [Continued cross examination by Susan Necheles.]

Susan Necheles: Before the break just a few minutes ago we talked about an E! Online article, do you recall that?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And you said that you know you were quoted in there as saying that the story is bullshit, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: You said what you meant by that, you weren't denying that had you sex with him, you were discussing this is a bullshit thing to do, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: If we can show that.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Necheles: Do you remember saying to E! Online that you vehemently deny the story about you and President Trump hooking up after Trump had played the golfing event and then meeting up multiple times after that?

Stormy Daniels: No, I do not remember that.

Susan Necheles: If we could show the witness what has been marked as Defendant's J-42. Turn to Page 3 of that.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Necheles: Am I correct that you previously said that you vehemently deny the story about the two of you hooking up after Trump had played in a golfing event and vehemently denied meeting up multiple times after that?

Stormy Daniels: I did not give that statement. I never gave a statement directly to them at all.

Susan Necheles: You're saying that this is not true, that's your testimony?

Stormy Daniels: I am saying that I did not give a statement denying the story. It says: "Daniels herself told E! News that she is not commenting but the story is bullshit." That is my one comment.

Susan Necheles: So you're saying where the article says you vehemently deny this, the article is false, is that what you are saying?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Turning back to -- in 2011, you were denying to thedirty.com that you had sex with President Trump?

Stormy Daniels: I never spoke to thedirty.com. I couldn't have denied it. They put up a statement. I was asked if I wanted Keith Davidson to have it removed. I absolutely wanted to have it removed. I didn't confirm or deny anything to The Dirty. I never spoke to them.

Susan Necheles: Well, your lawyer did?

Stormy Daniels: He told them to take the story down. Whether he spoke to them directly or not, I don't know. All I know is, he wanted it down and he took it down.

Susan Necheles: Keith Davidson was your lawyer?

Stormy Daniels: He was Gina's lawyer. That is how I met him. She said, "Do you want me to have my attorney take it down?" I said, "Yes."

Susan Necheles: You asked him -- you authorized him to deny that story was true and to get it taken down, right?

Stormy Daniels: No, I did not. I authorized him to have the story taken down.

Susan Necheles: Now, in 2016, you claim you have been threatened and you were afraid for your life, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: But at that point -- and were you afraid for your life, you had been told, "Don't talk any more about Trump otherwise your life and your baby's life will be in danger," right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And so you decided, well, I'm going to sell my story, right?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't just decide that, I was given advice from someone to do so.

Susan Necheles: You were given advice, according to you, that instead of staying quiet because your life was threatened, instead, the best thing to do was to go out and sell your story, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I was very different and a much braver person in 2016 than I was in 2011. Because Donald Trump was not just a guy on television, he was running for President, I was more afraid for my situation. The attorney told me: Get high, stay light, get out in front where you are safe, hide in plain view.

Susan Necheles: In 2011, your story wasn't worth much money?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know what it was worth. I turned down many offers.

Susan Necheles: You turned down or tried to get $15,000. You couldn't get that?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: Now, in 2016, you say that you were afraid, but the story was worth a lot of money for you now, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you then had Gina Rodriguez go out and try to sell the story, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct. I didn't care for how much. I just wanted the story out there, which is why I had a press conference set up for free.

Susan Necheles: And you didn't give a free press conference, did you?

Stormy Daniels: I didn't have to.

Susan Necheles: You were looking to get -- extort money from President Trump, right?

Stormy Daniels: False.

Susan Necheles: Well, that's what you did, right?

Stormy Daniels: False.

Susan Necheles: And just when we're talking about your fear, the fear, your supposed fear that you supposedly felt is totally based on the supposed incident that took place in 2011 that you never told anybody about, right?

Stormy Daniels: I am really sorry, I can't always hear when you step away. I am so sorry.

Susan Necheles: When you say this fear that you say you were under in 2016 is based on the supposed incident that supposedly took place five years earlier, that you still hadn't told anybody publicly about, right?

Stormy Daniels: It was not a supposed incident. It was a true incident. I had told a lot of people.

Susan Necheles: You hadn't told your husband, right?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: And then, so, because you had that fear, you decided to do exactly the opposite of what that person had told to you do, right?

Stormy Daniels: Which person?

Susan Necheles: That supposed guy who showed up in that parking lot?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: So you weren't really very scared, were you?

Stormy Daniels: I was terrified. I decided to change my tactic. It was a new ball game. There is a big difference between a reality TV star and someone running for office.

Susan Necheles: The truth is, you saw your opportunity to make it known, you had Gina Rodriguez try to sell your story to the National Enquirer?

Stormy Daniels: I saw my opportunity to get the story out. I didn't put a price tag on it. That is why I did every interview for free.

Susan Necheles: You didn't do any interviews for free at that point?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And I want to show you what is in evidence as People's Exhibit 117A, which are texts between Gina Rodriguez and Dylan Howard of the National Enquirer.

Susan Necheles: If we can put that up and turn to Page 2. And if we can blow up the part that starts with "Stormy Daniels." If we can go to the prior line.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Necheles: This is in evidence of texts between Gina Rodriguez and Dylan Howard. Do you see in the first box, it is dated June 28, 2016?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And Gina -- and you see where it says "from G?"

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: There is a redaction?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: Do you see that? I represent to you that is Gina Rodriguez's email address that has been redacted out. Am I correct that she says "Stormy Daniels" in the next box, she says, "I have her?"

Susan Hoffinger: I am going to object as asking this witness what someone else said.

Juan Merchan: It's in evidence. If you can confirm that is what it says, that is what it says.

Susan Necheles: And then Dylan Howard in the next box asks, "Is she ready to talk, right?"

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And it says, "I thought she denounced it previously," in the next box, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes. I don't know who Wideeye Communications or Dylan is.

Susan Necheles: But, you had, in fact, denounced it previously, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know what this is in reference to exactly, specifically.

Susan Necheles: I am not asking you about it.

Susan Hoffinger: I am going to ask you to let the witness finish.

Juan Merchan: Sustained.

Susan Necheles: Had you denounced it previously?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know what is "previously."

Susan Necheles: Did you denounce the story that you had said that you had not had sex, "Though she denounced it previously?"

Stormy Daniels: I don't want to confirm or deny something when I don't know what they are talking about.

Susan Necheles: When you look at the next box. She said -- from Gina Rodriguez, she said: "She will do it under two conditions." If you can go to the next box. And then, "She doesn't want to go on record about it, but will tell her story through a source." It says: "She had sex with him. She wants $100,000." Do you see that?

Stormy Daniels: I do.

Susan Necheles: And that was in June of 2016, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And President Trump was running for President of the United States at that point, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you had authorized Gina Rodriguez to try to sell your story, right?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: And you wanted to do it through a source, right?

Stormy Daniels: Once again, I don't know what this is specifically talking about. I don't know who Dylan is. I don't know who Wideeye Communication is. "She doesn't want to go on record about it but will tell the story through a source," I don't know which specific story. Is it about sex? Is it about being threatened? You want me to comment on something when I don't know the context, that's not fair.

Susan Necheles: Putting aside the text. I am asking you a question. My question to you is: In June of 2016, had you authorized Gina David to sell your story under the condition you would tell it through a source?

Stormy Daniels: I authorized Gina Rodriguez to shop the story so I could make it public.

Susan Necheles: One of your conditions was that you were telling it through a source, and the other was that you get $100,000, right?

Stormy Daniels: I don't remember that, no.

Susan Necheles: You don't remember those being your conditions?

Stormy Daniels: No, because they were not my conditions. Before this date, I had a press conference set up for free.

Susan Necheles: Okay. But you didn't do the press conference?

Stormy Daniels: No, because Gina came back into the picture. I hadn't talked to her in a long time. So, to be quite honest, about the chance to get the story out and make some money, yes.

Susan Necheles: You wanted to get some money?

Stormy Daniels: Get the story out and make some money.

Susan Necheles: You wanted to do it anonymously, right?

Stormy Daniels: No.

Susan Necheles: You said Gina Rodriguez's statement there was false?

Stormy Daniels: I don't know what she is referring to, so I am not going to say her statement is false.

Susan Necheles: And turn to Page 4.

Note: [Displayed]

Susan Necheles: Look at the second box from the bottom. And you see it says on the top box: "What happened with Stormy Daniels' interview on Trump?" And then Dylan Howard responds: "Let's discuss this week." And Gina says: "Okay, she's asking." This is in July of 2016, correct?

Stormy Daniels: Correct.

Susan Necheles: Were you, in fact, pushing again that you wanted to sell your story?

Stormy Daniels: I was pushing that I wanted to sell my story, yes.

Susan Necheles: And that was in July of 2016, right?

Stormy Daniels: Yes.

Susan Necheles: And if you turn to Page 6.

Juan Merchan: Why don't we stop at this point. All right, jurors, let's call it a day. All right. I remind you to, please, not talk either among yourselves or with anyone else about anything related to the case. Please continue to keep an open minute. Do not form or express an opinion about the defendant's guilt or innocence until all the evidence is in and I have given you my final instructions on the law and I have directed you to begin your deliberations.

Juan Merchan: Do not request, accept, agree to accept or discuss with any person the receipt or acceptance of any payment or benefit in return for supplying any information concerning the trial. Report directly to me any incident within your knowledge involving an attempt by any person to improperly influence you or members of the jury.

Juan Merchan: Do not visit or view any of the locations discussed in the testimony. And do not use any program or electronic device to search for or view any locations discussed in the testimony. Do not read, view or listen to any accounts or discussions of the case, that includes the reading or the listening to the reading of any transcripts of the trial or the reading of posts on any court sites.

Juan Merchan: Do not attempt to research any fact, issue or law related to the case. Do not communicate with anyone about the case or the people involved in the case, and that means including by telephone, text messages, emails, chat rooms, blogs or the internet. Did not search for any information about the case or the law which applies to the case or the people involved in the case.

Juan Merchan: I will see you Thursday morning.

Juan Merchan: You may be seated. Ms. Daniels, you can step out.

Stormy Daniels: Thank you, sir.

Juan Merchan: Is there anything we need to discuss at this time?

Susan Hoffinger: No, your Honor.

Juan Merchan: I will see you Thursday.

Susan Necheles: Thank you.

Note: [Whereupon, the trial in this matter stood adjourned to Thursday, May 9, 2024.]