Video ID: GAHjX4p0vH8
Title: Minnesota Vikings vs Chicago Bears Full Game Highlights Sep 08,2025 NFL2025 Season NFL Today
Upload Date: 2025-09-08
Language: English (auto-generated)
Language Code: en
Is Generated: True
================================================================================

It's going to be from as Santos kicks it away and Ty Chandler returns. Got hit before the 20 and is able to get it out to the 25 which is where clock expiring. They get it away and a toss to Aaron Jones right side. Not much. written out by Tyreek Stevenson after a gain of just one. We look at the lineups. First, we'll start with Minnesota and what they bring on a Monday night. Aaron Jones is their lead back. Justin Jefferson, arguably the best in the game. Jamar Chase says, "Ah, not so fast." Announcer guy and Justin School gets the start at left tackle. Christian Deroson not ready. McCarthy changing things at the line. Play clock under five. Play action. First throw. Easy throw. Oliver the tight end broke a tackle. Third and short coming up. Dexter made big strides last year. They're looking for more in year three. And he comes up with a sack on the first series of the game. The punt by Ryan Wright. Devin Dubernete. A bobble. The return. And a nice one at bat out to the 39. And a 23 yd return for the first of the year for Devin Dubernete after a 52 yd punt. And now the question is will the ball [Applause] Quick setup. Pulls it down looking for Swift out of the back field. Nice spinning catch. And he's forced out by Pace after a gain of three. Well, both teams went into the off season and said, "We need to get better on the offensive line." You see the skill positions and in the middle, Troy, they bring in a new center and two new guards. No, that was the area of this football team where they just had to solidify some things. They did, as we said, 68 sacks a season ago. Some of that, a lot of that on the quarterback, but that offensive line's not immune either. Play action, pressure with Bernard coming off the edge. And now here's Swift on the other side. Nice pass floated for the catch, the run, the first down. That was not easy, but Caleb Williams threw a strike, floating it across the field for eight yards. Able to get through the progression on the first one. On the second one, with pressure was able to find his outlet receiver. Now a toss to Swift. Had some room in front of him. And what did his head coach Ben Johnson tell him? Completions, completions, completions. And he's got a couple already. Yeah, that's right. And oftent times when you know as a quarterback you're you're bypassing some of the easier throws looking for bigger plays. And I think that at times that's what got Caleb Williams into some trouble. So take the easy completions. Get the ball out. Don't worry about being perfect on each and every play. Opie, the rookie Kyle Manungai in the back field for the Bears. Good protection and over the middle pass is caught by Manungai and he's got a first down to the 35. A gain of 11. Back quick snap. Williams able to complete over the middle. Good throw. Tight coverage. a gain of six as he got it to DJ Moore, his most veteran receiver on the outside and Blake Cashman was all over him. Well, and we can't talk enough about the fact that, you know, you come in with a new offense, there's a certain style that you want to play that Chicago does and then you're going up against the Brian Flores coach defense that gives you a lot of different looks and they can make life hard on a young quarterback and an offense just trying to find their footing. Here is Swift and a good play by Grard as he got through a loss of one and so third and medium coming up for Caleb Williams and company. Pretty good first possession. They have a year ago got better this off season. [Applause] Play clock was expiring and Caleb Williams saw it and called timeout. Well, Williams has started four for four under Ben Johnson. Talked about how the Bears, like the Vikings, redid their interior offensively out of Boston College that the intention wasn't for him to be the starter at left tackle. On third down, Williams has to get out looking downfield and a doomsday. He caught it. First down Chicago. What a throw. Once Caleb Williams got outside the pocket, but he did. 17 yd gain. Now it's Zakius just tripped up as he was thinking about a touchdown as that play was made by Jeff Okuda. Back to that ball inside the 10. And now timeout Vikings crowd likes it. I think they're impressed with what they see here about 1 100,000th into the season. Last season the Bears offense and things are very different now. one of three teams that did not have an opening drive touchdown as they face a second down and three. And I see my partner to my right shaking his head. Well, just because it hasn't been easy. You know, this drive has has not been methodical. It really has been Caleb Williams being able to to one get through the progressions, find the open receiver, took the check down. He missed the home run shot, Joe Dun, but he keeps that drive alive by getting outside the pocket. So, a lot of good things here by Caleb Williams on this opening drive. Second and three. It's Swift and a nice play is made getting through and making that stop was Levi Drake Rodriguez and a loss of three to bring up third down. Yeah, just not much movement whatsoever. But you see Caleb Williams then under center like to be able to. That's going to be a real challenge throughout this evening. Third down and six. Williams lot of room looking for the end zone. He is in. Touchdown. did not have a rushing touchdown last season his rookie year and he takes it in and he can't do much better. Caleb 6 for six 51 yds found five different receivers on that possession and then a Superman go be Superman. Well, it was time on that last play and he was seven zip and the faithful here at Soldier Field happy to see offense. You know, those two big third downs. There's a big catch by Odoom with him out of the pocket and then of course the scramble for the touchdown. Here's Miles Price working from Indiana. Got hit hard after getting across the 20. And that play was made by Daniel Hardy as he electrifies the crowd. A 23 yd return by Miles Price. Possession for McCarthy. Little shoulder fake and Jefferson they get the ball in his hands behind the line of scrimmage and he turns that into a positive play as Byard knocks him down after a gain of four. You got a four-time Pro Bowl rece battling through in the training camp this summer. That was behind the line of scrimmage. They're calling that a rush. Well played by this Bears defense as Aaron Jones is swallowed up by the new Bear. Brady hamstrings feel good now. He's starting this season with zero limitations. Yeah, Lisa, it'll be an ongoing maintenance issue now. Third down and four. McCarthy time runs out and down he goes. [Music] just tripped off and it'll go down as a sack. Pressure by Dian Rust from the Chicago Bears. Talking with Dennis Allen, he's he said he wasn't real sure what to expect of his pass rush. If they couldn't get there with four, they'd start bringing more. So far, he hasn't had a need to do that. Dubet from inside the 20 to the 25. Seven yd return. Bears defense, good start for Dennis Allen. Two sacks, two three and outs. Second possession for Caleb and the Bears offense coming up, leading by seven. [Applause] [Music] Came and joined us in Dallas. Great to see so many of these guys, including Jim McMahon. Good start for Caleb Williams. Protection is good. Swift out of the back field. Van Ginkle brings him down right at the line of scrimmage. Good play by Andrew Van Ginkle. Well, I've seen some opportunities for Caleb down the field, but he's doing the right thing instead of trying to do too much if he's a little and and that's what happens when you got a defensive coordinator who's giving you different looks. It's hard to kind of get settled in early in a ball game. And yet when he hasn't seen the look down the field, he's really done a nice job of getting the ball out of his hands. Now Brian Flores has elected to play a lot of zone and has yet to bring a blitz. On second down, pressure. Williams dances through. First down, Chicago. reminding everybody how good he can be with his legs at 13 on turf, but it's still the speed of the game is is really fast in the opening quarter against great rushers. Hand off here is to DJ Moore and we will see some of this during the course of the season. He was in the back field a lot during camp. A gain of five. Second down coming up. Well, last year there was some discussion about, you know, like Almond Ros St. Brown, but even he when he lined up in the back field, he didn't do it a whole lot about 15 times during the season. And even with DJ Moore getting some work in training camp, I can't imagine they're going to major in a lot of that even though the running back position got pretty beat up with some injuries in camp coming into this year. I'm going to give the five yds right back with Darnell Wright. ball start number 58 offense 5 yd penalty second down that's Allan Ek our referee tonight so back to second down and 10 yeah this was an area last year where the Bears really struggled and in fact it it was a point of contention by Ben Johnson in preeason the the pre-nap penalties and he's not going to tolerate that you got to expect big improvements this year Good protection again. Time runs out. That's the rookie Lovelin. And the former Michigan Wolverine and the 10th pick in this past draft gets eight. Third and short. Quick throw is low and away. Adun makes the catch, but he is tackled immediately by Isaiah Rogers. It's fourth down. But his accuracy, completing over 70% of his passes, was able to hit guys in stride and then let them run. And you know, that was an example of not being able to do that. Taylor hits it. Price stays away. And the third possession coming up for the Vikings who trail by seven. Make sure a fight doesn't break out. Sper the way he whispered to him after the second possession. Going to start with a toss to Jordan Mason and the former 49er with a nice gain on first down of six. Another guy we hadn't talked to talked about yet is Adam Thailen who they just made a trade for with Carolina to bring him in to make up they got reunited and he was happy about that. Second down and four. Hand off to Mason again and that's two carries. And the first first down of the night for the Vikings who trail by seven after a gain of five. And that will do with the number 10 pick from last season. Here's his first one downfield. And there's contact and a flag. Aaron Jones out of the back field down the sideline. And Deshawn Wright who last year was on the Vikings practice squad guilty of pass interference. [Applause] Let's take a look at it. 42 yds on that penalty on pass interference. McCarthy keeps ducks, goes, and gets 11. Let's send it down to Laura. Well, Joe, you just mentioned Deshawn Wright was on the practice squad for the Vikings last year. He spent most of his time on the scout team going up against Justin Jefferson and actually credits Jefferson with making him a better corner. filling in for Jaylen Johnson tonight, of course, but he said Jefferson told him don't hold back. He wanted to do as much as possible against him on that practice. So, he's getting his chance tonight. Laura Michon, 26 years old from Oregon State. Hand off is to Mason and a nice push over the left side, a gain of five. Well, I think that's the the part that we're going to see out of Minnesota offensively this year is bringing in Jordan Mason. made the trade with the 49ers and last year Aaron Jones, you know, he had more touches than he had at any other time in his career and they just don't want to continue to overwork him like that. Bring in a bigger back like Jordan Mason, let him get the tough yards like he just got. Second and five. Mason again got around Edmonds for a moment and then Tmaine gets back in on the tackle and Deshawn Wright was there to meet him initially in a loss of three. Well, just a good job there by makes a nice play. Third and eight. Fourman rush. McCarthy. That's incomplete. Jefferson the target. That ball hit the grass as he trapped it. It's fourth down and the field goal unit comes on for the Vikings. Yeah, just man across the board. They've got a safety in the middle of the field. There's no 31 yd try is drilled by Will Riker and JJ McCarthy and the Vikings are on the board now trailing 7-3. Biggest play and we are about to play our first quote unquote cartoon of 2025. Here is Dubet forced out after a good return. A flag is down at the 39. The 5-yd penalty will be enforced in the end of the return. First down Chicago against Nick Mloud. I was going to say I think we're making America wait for uh Ferris Buer. Ben Johnson cartoon. First down. Williams has started nine for nine. How about 10 for 10? How about DJ Moore? You're going to wait longer for the cartoon. First down at the 31 after a 30 yd completion from Caleb Williams, Troy, who's 10 for 10. Yeah, he's on a roll right now. This is his best throw of the night. And just really great presence by Caleb Williams knowing what he got. [Applause] career best 10 straight completions for Caleb Williams as the handoff is to DJ Moore. His second carry, Eric Wilson on the tackle, a gain of one and the longest by the Bears to start a season since 1978. We'll get John Perilin on a All right, second and nine. That's a flag. Backing him up. That's That's another area with some of the pre- snap with the motions just timing it up. Number two offense 5 yd penalty. Second down. And that's going to be a work in progress. But I know for Ben Johnson, boy, that's that's just something that really irritates him as it does all coaches that when you're getting penalized before the ball's or moving a little bit sooner. Second and 14. Williams. Time runs out. Caleb on the move. Nice spin as he got around Byron Murphy. Third down coming up. Pressure by Ivan Pace and it turns into an eight-yd run by Caleb. One of the areas that Caleb really needed to improve upon was his cadence and using it as a weapon, especially against a defense like the Minnesota Vikings. He does great here. Another false start. [Applause] False start number 73 offense. 5 yd penalty. Third down. Jonah Jackson. [Applause] as I mentioned earlier last year with the Rams with the Lions before that. Pro Bowler with Detroit. Trying to solidify the interior offensive line and that's three false start penalties against the Bears in the half. Third and 11. Puffs let him when you get backed up. Third and long against this Flores defense. See if he decides to come after him. But looks like another four-man rush. Hand out to Swift. Fourth down. Nice gain. Three yds short of the first down. Theo Jackson. And that took a long time to get to the line of scrimmage. Leopard print. It's not Matthew Brick. That was that was Ben. Fourth and three. Quick snap over the middle. Bad throw out in front of DJ Moore and turning it over on downs for the Bears. Looked like he had it. Oh, he had him all right. That's one that he's going to be kicking himself. He had him as wide to get the scoring started. to hunt. [Applause] Here's Jones on the edge and pretty well played defensively by Noah Su. Take a look at the first round quarterbacks in that 2024 draft. Caleb Williams first over, which is what you're hoping to say when you come out of that rookie year. Second and eight. Hawinson has his first catch, first target on top of that up to the 30 and it's third and long four. I know McCarthy hasn't really gotten the ball out much here tonight, but TJ Hawinson is one of those guys, especially with Jordan Addison missing the first three games due to a suspension that I would expect him to be heavily involved in this offense outside of Justin Jefferson. He came into last year coming off a knee injury, missed the first seven games. came on strong towards the end. He says he's fully healed from that and ready to go and he's a young quarterback security blanket. Third down and four. McCarthy Jefferson didn't get it. It's fourth down. Good strong tackle by Tmaine Edmonds, one of the two linebackers that the Bears brought in back in 2023. His run and miss catch of the night for Justin Jefferson. Right. Another punt. Duivere has been busy. Not a pretty one. It was just a 31 yd punt by Ryan Wright. And good field position for the Bears up 73 starting at their 35. Kyle Manungai, the rookie. They fake it to him. Williams steps up and that ball is batted down by Ty Ingram Dawkins. He's the rookie in a fifth round pick out of Georgia and he's 6'5. Got his hands up and knocked it away. Yeah, they had an offer been an easy completion if Caleb just lays that ball and not tries to drive it so hard. Extra men on the rush this time and Caleb is flushed out to his right. Flag flies and the pass is incomplete for Zakias. It's a hold against Chicago and that time Brian Flores brought pressure. Holding number 25 offense 10 yd penalty. Replay. Second down. Yeah, of course Brian Flores, everyone knows he brings more pressure than anybody in the game. And this first half he's he's been pretty conservative. And I know when we talked to him, Joe, he he said even when he's able to get a pressure with a fourman, he can't help him. Blitzes tonight dialed up by Fores so far. Caleb Williams three straight incompletions after starting 10 for 10. Third down and 10. Williams in trouble and able to get free for a moment. still rolling and out of bounds as it looked like Jonathan Allen was going to have his first sack as a Minnesota Viking and he came up empty. Came up empty. He had he had a chance. I'm not sure. And now on fourth down, it's Tory Taylor. Price has to sprint out to his left, waiting with his teammates to get away from it. Good job by the rookie. That ball was awfully close to hitting a couple of Vikings over on the far side of the field and not taking any chances. Miles Price picked it up and returned it for eight yards. Sticky on Justin Jefferson. So that group's playing good football right now. Starting at the 24, they hand to Mason and he's able to bounce who gets 10 plus, but a flag is down and maybe that's why he was able to. It's a hold. He's coming back. Balding number 67 offense 10yd penalty. Three play first down. We've seen Justin school with the 49ers. Played a lot last year with Tampa Bay. They brought him in because Christian Darasaw their usual left tackle is making his heart. Bull's got a little experience within this offense having played in San Francisco. But you're right, he was an insurance policy hoping to have Darasaw back tonight, but he but school got the knob. This one's batted down. Edmonds and it's second and 20. Well, that's one area that JJ McCarthy, he's just got to be a little and when you throw that, all those interior pressures become backwards like we just saw. Second down and 20. breaking protected and his heart was hit by Oango. That's an incomplete pass. It's third and 20 and Dioango, former Indianapolis Colts who signed a three-year deal, has got his hand on Frankie's arm. Well, initially, you see the job that he does coming in and getting his hands on him. Juan Brisker was playing kind of middle field there right where JJ McCarthy was wanting to lay the football and it's why he was holding it overall that protection wasn't that bad at three timeout Minnesota [Music] basketball we'll see if they might get the time Well, Jaylen McCarthy was asking to get him to the play clock and and so is Kevin McCarthy over there. I think they both were off penalty. Third down. Yeah, I thought Okonnell was going down to the official to say timeout. He was going down to the official to say reset the playert. Play clock is down low again. It's a three. Quick set up and throw. It's Mason just to buy a little bit of room and he's to the 15. That's it. Su and Edmonds, the two starting linebackers playing in place of the injured TJ Edwards, at least Noah Su is, combined on the stop, a gain of seven. It's fourth down. You know, the game kind of started this way as far as McCarthy, you know, feeling the the pressure of the play clock winding down and and and it's continued. And there's something with the mechanics of how he's getting the play, how he's getting it called, whatever the miscommunication is, it's causing too much stress at the line. Good punt this time by right duet. brought down near the 40 by Ty Felton after a coming up with the win against Atlanta. Here is Swift. [Applause] Yeah, Baker in that game. A game-winning 25 yd touchdown pass to Mecca Ibuka. The roofs a little change of the script. You know, that one felt good for him and and what a win for Josh Allen in the Bills to be able to beat a conference rival week one. That's a big win. Could be a really big win by 73 offense. 5yd penalty, second down. That is the fourth false start against the Chicago Bears here in the first half. Where do you want to go in that Buffalo Baltimore game? Bills trailed by 15 with under four minutes left. It's the fourth win in over 2300 NFL games in that situation since 2000 downs through the air and two on the ground. And Lamar was outstanding too. Here's Zakius. First down Chicago who last year was good with the Commanders. Gets 16 yardds on a dart from Caleb Williams. Well, it just kind of opens up. I mean, he had his choice all of him with Caleb Williams in training camp and in these preseason games. Here's Swift DeAndre brought down by Dallas Turner who the Vikings are hoping takes a big step in his second season. A first round pick from Alabama last season. Had three sacks, an interception as a rookie, but more consistent play they want. Made the stop. Second and seven. Now, this is a big drive right here for Minnesota defensively to try to keep from giving up any points. I mean, this is the Bears get a chance to extend their lead. They get the ball to start the second half. Little different for this Minnesota Vikings defense. Not playing with the leads they did a year ago. Here is Swift gets hit by Pace. And that will take us to the two-minute warning. Did we get the cartoon in? Yeah. Okay, again one week one comes to a close here tonight. Third down and five. [Applause] [Music] Caleb Williams throws. He's got Zakius who was in motion at the start of that play and ends up out of the right side a catch and throw just because he's keeping his eyes on Caleb because of the fact he's been able to scramble. So you then remove a defender from coverage as well. Hand off to Swift. Caleb Williams, all four of his runs were scrambles in this game when protection broke down. He's got four scramles, 32 yards, two first downs and a touchdown run. The only touchdown of the game and look at time of possession just dominated by Chicago. Yeah, if you're Minnesota, you've just got to be happy with the fact that right now you're only down four points. And if you can hold Chicago to a field lead in this first half to just be a onep possession game. Toss to Swift bends it back. Not much. Third down coming up. Dallas Turner has been involved. Bears have one timeout. The Vikings if they're trying to conserve time have two. Your hands. And yet Kevin Oonnell has elected to let the clock run. The Bears certainly aren't going to stop the clock. They'll let this thing run down as well and give themselves an opportunity to control things going in here at half. [Music] [Applause] Look at all that movement defensively on third down and five to the sideline. Catch is made by Adun. Murphy is there and it's fourth down. It's fourth down and two after a completion of three yardds. Gone forward once on fourth and short down here. Will they go again? [Applause] They're going to bring their kicker Cairo Santos on try and make this a seven-point game again. And it's at the 42 y. [Applause] just sneaks it inside the right upright. Not any Campbell would have been gone for it there. Here's a return by Miles Price [Applause] just able to get across the 30. But here you go. Just to remind you of some of the Ben Johnson years in Detroit. Yeah. And I think right now his mindset, hey, let's get good at the easy things first and then we'll go from there. Well, they're going to push it. And why not? Naylor. And there's action. They've got one timeout left. And this officiating crew's had a tough time spotting the football in this game. They finally blow it dead because Naylor got out of bounds. [Applause] And that's why Minnesota Russell Jük had to use their final timeout. Absolutely. Correctly ruled that he was down by contact inbounds. So Minnesota had to call a timeout to stop the clock. Remember they used the timeout on the last defense. No timeouts. [Music] They're going to move the ball, which is what we expected here. They they had a bad spot on the football, so they're moving it back. Kevin Oonnell has already made the decision for the moment that he was going to send Will Riker out. But now the ball's sitting at the 41, which is a 59yd try by Riker instead of with no timeouts having the young quarterback try and get a little more yardage. His career best is 58. So it's right in that range. 59 yd try by Riker with 11 seconds to go. High snap. Riker, he's got it. And it's a new career high for Will Riker. And that completion to Jaylen Naylor got the Vikings into the edge of field goal range. and Riker did the I mean McCarthy basically doubled his passing yards on that completion to Naylor. Now here's a nice return by Luther Burton the rookie from Missouri and that's the end of the half as Burton was trying to break one. Here is Dubet on the return moments ago. Laura Rutidge caught up with Ben Johnson. You get the ball to start this second half. What's most important for Caleb Williams right now? He just needs to keep getting completions. He's doing a great job taking what's there and he's extending some plays and so uh keep on doing what he's doing. What can you say about your defense and the way they've handled J? They're outstanding right now. We gave up a little little uh pass interference there that hurt us and we gave up that big one at the at the back end. But other than that, they're playing a great game. All right. Thanks, Ben. Thank you, Joe. All right, Laura. Thanks. He's anxious to get back out there. He didn't even hear the end of the question. [Applause] behind Caleb Williams surveys and then throws out the reach of DeAndre Swift. Ben Johnson was a walk-on quarterback at North Carolina 04 to06. Played high school football in Asheville, North Carolina. Won a state championship there. Idolized Joe Montana. His father was a high school football coach. He is I guess it would be a negative to say somebody's wound tight. This isn't meant to be at all. I think he is kind of a no, you know, there's no nothing extra in there. If he doesn't like the way you're playing or if he wants to not hear the end of your question, he's going to let you know. Second down and 10. Swift a good job to pick up a pass rusher and the pass for KT is out of his reach. Third down. Yeah, I I think Joe the Well, this is doesn't matter if it's there. I think he's frustrated cuz Caleb Williams had an opportunity to get the ball to the rookie Colston Lovelin in the middle of the field and he didn't do it, but he's an impatient guy for sure. And now a throw behind Zakius. pressure on Caleb Williams who ends up on the ground and in a blink it's fourth down and a punt upcoming from Tory Taylor but overall I think he's handled everything really well against an unpredictable defense. Miles Price will field it. Nice move right up the gut and the Vikings will start inside Chicago territory after 21 yd return by the rookie Miles Price and with JJ McCarthy settling in one of if not the especially with two of the top corners out of this ball game for Chicago for them not to take advantage of it. play action and again this ball and a flag comes in after McCarthy got hit. A ball and the arm of McCarthy was hit as he let it go and then a flag came in when McCarthy got knocked to the ground by Odangbo. Personal foul roughly the pass from the 55 defense 15 yd penalty automatic first down. They run a game and they got OD 15 y gets the ball down inside the 35. Here's Jones pressure off the edge. By came in to make We're talking about Justin Jefferson. He has been targeted twice. He has one catch and we'll see who's been playing AC. They try to make up for the absence of Jaylen Johnson in their best corner. You hold Justin Jefferson to one catch and four yards. Here's a toss to Aaron Jones. Tries to cut it back. Third and long coming up as Brisker makes a stop. The other guy we tal touched on at the beginning of the game, it's not here. one of the best nickel corners in the game and Kyler Gordon. So, they're thin back there, but they're holding up pretty well. They're they're holding up exceptionally well. Part of it is because of the way these guys who have had to step in have played, Michon Wright, Nick Mloud, but the other part of this is this defensive front and that was a big question mark coming into this game. How would they fare? And they've gotten to JJ McCarthy. So, this revamped offensive line for Minnesota has not been as strong as they'd like. Play clock is at one. They just got it away on third and long. Watch out. Picked off. There's right down the sideline. Gets a block and now a touchdown. The former Vikings pick six. Go, fourth year in the league on the Vikings practice squad last year. And that pass was telegraphed and Wright took care of the rest. They brought the pressure. Dennis Allen called it up at the perfect time. Miss Wright sitting on the route. Gets his first career pick six and then went 74 yds. Again was going down to 1 second and so the rushers were able to tee off and you've got a quarterback who was rushed as he has been all night. Ty Chandler up near the 29. Knocked down by Jonathan Owens. Return of 24 yds. And now McCarthy after the pick six has to go right back to work. And it's it's time to get going. Well, we saw to start this game that, you know, a lot of these plays are scripted. Kevin Okonnell strips plays the first 20, first 25 plays and yet they were having issues with the play clock and he's trying to check protection, trying to get to the right play, whatever it might be. But it's been a reoccurring problem throughout this game and it was on the last play when he got flipped that Deshawn Wright took to the house. Here's a toss to Mason. Nice cut back. Jordan Mason last year made six starts while Christian McCaffrey was injured and averaged 95 rush yards a game over the first seven. You talked about them adding him. Then they added a two-year contract next to his name and he's been the better of the two backs tonight. Well, he has. They they haven't gotten quite enough yet. But, you know, talking with Kevin O'Connell, the biggest point of emphasis for JJ McCarthy was how he handled the pre- snap mechanics of this offense. Play action, steps up, down he goes. That is Tano Passeno who just came up from the practice squad for this game in a loss of seven. Yeah, passing. Yo, he's getting in the action now. 13. Things have got to be moving awfully fast for JJ McCarthy right now. Normally they slow down. They're getting faster, but now that'll be delay a game. They cannot get the plays. Delay game offense penalty. There's a lot on a quarterback within this offense, really both of these offenses about the snap and obviously he's having even a hard time hearing the calls coming in. They play a conservative hand to Mason and he is dumped by Dexter. A loss of two and things are snowballing here for the Vikings. You know, we've talked a lot about Caleb Williams and Ben Johnson and what they've done on the offensive side of the ball. And again, a punt by right Dubet on the 30. A juggle and then stepped out of bounds. Dennis Allen has done some job with this defense. Flag is down on that punt. 24th season and as NFL coach free the receiving team 10 yd penalty from the end of the kick. First down Chicago. Timeout. He's played it pretty close to [Applause] here's a toss to Swift over the right side and no gain. I mean that that defense in baseball when a team's really good and they can pound the ball, you say, "Well, they're not they're not the 27 Yankees." And in the NFL, everybody goes, "Well, they're not the 85 Bears." But this defense tonight would uh make some of those guys, including guys that for sure on a night when we were honoring the 85 Bears, and what a group that was. I was fortunate not to be drafted until 1989. Caleb Williams lets it fly. He has got more and more on a perfect throw from Caleb Williams. He's got 22 yds. Well, this is exactly what Ben Johnson wants to see. the play action and then the pass to the outside. Play action. That's the rookie Luther Burton the third and he is dropped immediately by Andrew Van Ginkle. So now if you're the Vikings and you're seeing what your young quarterback is doing offensively. A little different. That call sheet looks a little different when you're trailing by 11 points as opposed to playing with a lead like they were so many times a year ago. This pass was affected as Zakius watched it bounce in there. Fiveman rush. He does it all. Vikings need a stop on third down and 13. Good protection. Lovelin the rookie. And Matelis wraps him up. That is good work by this Vikings defense. And if they want to hang in there in this ball game, it's the defense that's got to get it done. And they just did. Yeah. though they needed to come up with a stop and you know Coloulston Lovelin who just caught that ball he's got two catches on the night he's he was their first round draft pick and you know Ben Johnson likes the two tight end personnel and Coloulston Lovelin he's going to get plenty of opportunities had a nice career at Michigan and he's going to be a good player Taylor Punt just got it away. No flag. Taylor ended up on the ground. Here is Price. He's had a nice evening tonight in his NFL debut. 18 yd return after a 51 yd punt as we check in with Timothy. But it's only an 11-point game from the 23. Play action. Hawinson has to make a sliding catch and a short game. Ball was came out but he was down. That's the call right now. The fields the catch and receivers down by contact. Second down as Mloud and Su came together. I think it's worth talking about how Kevin O'Connell Here's the catch and his knee is down. Ball comes out and a challenge flag first thrown by Ben Johnson. I don't see much there. Do you Russell Jük? No, I don't see anything. He controlled the ball. He completed the process of the catch. He had possession. Bears lose a timeout. And on second down and eight, they set up a screen for Aaron Jones. Gets a block out there. And Jones with one of his bigger plays of the game as Donovan Jackson the rookie was out there and Noah Su with a good piece of work to make the tackle gain of six. No, who's made the start for the injured TJ Edwards comes up and makes a nice play and you know right now Kevin Okonnell that call sheet for him isn't looking too big and trying to figure out you know they want to get this defense off of them and get the ball down the field but they haven't been able to protect when they've tried that and you'd like to help the young quarterback out running the football but they've had no success on the ground there either. It's third down and two. Play clock inside of five. McCarthy slings. Here's Thelen. And the ball came out when Thelen hit the ground. It's incomplete. And no argument from Thelen. It's fourth down. And the punt team will come on for the Vikings. It was there and the couldn't secure it. Yeah. So they just had a hard time sustaining any type of drives. It should have there. Line drive punt. Dubet with a fair catch. Bears ball again as they lead by 11. Saturday we have SEC itself on the sideline as he could not hang on to the ball after the initial catch. Nice run here by sweep off a little [Applause] point last year. He's been good. Last year he did and he wasn't so good. [Music] Under five to go in this third quarter. He knows a first down for Chicago. [Applause] These two head coaches approached preseason football differently. Ben Johnson played his starters, played Caleb Williams. Kevin Oonnell did not really play JJ McCarthy much at all. And I I think that's showing up here in this game. Just 12 snaps for that first unit in the first preseason game. Here's Swift on a toss. And I asked Kevin Oonnell about that. Here's a look at Kale South and the way he's throwing the ball. Ball's coming out quicker as he is chased by Cashman. He wins that out of bounds inside Vikings territory. showing his speed in a carry of 13 yards. Yeah, you know when you when you get the first part of it going with the timing takes Cman's spot. Hand off to Swift. Stood up. Still fighting for maybe an extra yard. He gets two season, but they were banged up. Harrison Smith, the safety, he did not play tonight. And then you've got Kelly and now along with Blake Cashman in this one. Nice cut back by Swift. First down with the ball inside the 35. [Applause] And a gain of 12. [Applause] That's a nice run by DeAndre Swift. You can see him start to the front side and then the cut back once it clogs up. That's what you're looking for is that lane right through there and he hits it. It's his longest run of the night. The back obviously that Ben Johnson's very familiar with. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] He got him with got the defensive snap count. It looks like that's Jayvon Hargrave who was added with Jonathan Allen to beef up the defensive line. Neutral zone impression number 97 defense. 5-y old penalty first. [Applause] We've seen him use his cadence a few times tonight effectively to draw off the defense. Meanwhile, they had that extra offensive lineman, Theo Benedict, who's come in all night in motion. Yeah, big part of what they did in Detroit. They ran six offensive linemen, more than any other team, and it's carried over to Chicago. Here's Swift. Just runs right through Isaiah Rogers. No, that's that's to me that's his best run of the night because he's been labeled as often the case. When you have the ability that Swift has, then you're no longer a power runner. You can't be and he's been hearing that long enough. And that's as that's as good finish in a run as you can look at. [Applause] They've been asking Swift to be a little more straight ahead running north on Blaze and he's shown some power in this game. Play action. Good protection. Flag on the play as Swift makes the catch. flag is in the area where you expect to hold number 58 offense 10 yd penalty replay first down starting right tackle Darnell Wright talked about the interior of the offensive line for the Bears Braxton Jones making his 41st career start at left tackle but there is the hold on right. Yeah, it didn't look like much quite honestly to me. You got I agree with you. I don't see anything there that would justify hold. Yeah, Redmond, he just he kind of went to the ground just slipped more than anything. [Applause] Manungani in the back field, the rookie Williams over the middle and is out of the range of Cole KT. That was a fast ball from Caleb Williams and it was high and a bit wide. Second and 20 when you don't take some of the the layups that are gimmies. Second and 20. Big pressure and the ball just comes out and goes out of bounds. Let's see what the call is here. Pressure by Eric Wilson who took over for Blake Cman. I think they ruled it incomplete. At least that's what the umpire did or excuse me, the referee. And I think that's the right call. He was just trying to get it out and avoid the sack as he was losing his foot. The quarterback was outside the pocket. However, the pass did not cross the line of scrimmage and there were no receivers in the area of the pass. Lost it down. 10 yardd penalty. Third down. Well, that's a big play with 5 seconds left as that backs up Chicago 10 more on what goes down. Zakius gets it. and gets that chunk of yardage as the third quarter comes to a close. Santos. Missed it as that just drifted wide Mason right up the gut. Broke a tackle. Well, he got through Noah Su and a nice strong run by Jordan Mason. A gain of seven. As we check in with Lisa. Yeah, Joe. You can see center Ryan Kelly is back in the game. He had been in the medical tent. They were working on his right leg. They say he is good to go, but linebacker Blake Cashman has been ruled out with a hamstring injury. So, another hamstring that has hit the Bears hard and now it hits Minnesota with Blake Cashman. [Applause] again with Mason able to break it and rumbling down near the 35. That's the longest run of the night for the Vikings. By brings him down, but just like that, the Vikings are moving the football. A gain of 18. Josh, but they've got to come away with a touchdown. They fake it to Mason. Fake toss. Third down and five. Good protection over the middle. It's caught for a touchdown. Jefferson and he breaks out his first gritty of the 2025 season. And the Vikings are showing they're going to go for two. Well, the design of the route, you're going to see two receivers kind of in the same area about 5 yd separation with Justin Jefferson trailing Naylor. That's not good separation between those as far as a quarterback being able to see where to go with the ball. But he is able to locate Jefferson. Gives him a good opportunity. And now the Vikings going for two. going for two to make it a three-point game. McCarthy in trouble. Flag is thrown and just throws it up. Incomplete. Pressure by Odango. He's had a nice night. [Applause] Illegal use of hands in the face. Number 55 defense. The penalty will be enforced half a distance to the goal. Retry. Here's a look at it. Dioenbo. And that last little push there with the right hand. Russell Urkas. What got the flag? It is, but it it looks like it's still below the face, but I understand why he called it. Yeah, I I was wondering why he called this. Don't get me going week one. But you're right, Joe. You mentioned the night that Odangbo has had. He He He was a big question mark as far as what is was his impact going to be? They hoped he would bring something, but he has been all over this field. But a costly penalty now from the one Play action. McCarthy keeps finds the tight end. Oliver and Jonathan Owens saved two points. the 13-yd touchdown to Justin Jefferson, which was the Vikings first third down conversion of the Owens. Saved two points with that strong tackle as Dubet on the far side. Full head of steam and he gets hit hard at the 25 by Eric Wilson. Here's the two-point try. Yeah, you see wherever 27 yardds to make that tackle in the open field. Big play. First down from the 25. Caleb Williams has to pull it down and it's hardra. His first as a Viking. And what a big play is this defense for Brian Flores is trying to take control of this game back. Well, Brian Flores, he tries to line up to where he can get one-on-one block. First sack of the night. And now it's Swift getting wrapped up by Eric Wilson who's playing for the injured Blake Cashman. And now the crowd that's been having fun all night is starting to groan before a third and 19. Yeah, you know, they're applying the pressure now. And you're watching this seeing exactly what is Ben Johnson going to do offensively to try to keep the ball in their hands and see if they can't go down the field. And unfortunately for them, Minnesota's had answers. Backto back tackles for a loss. Now third and 19. Quick throw and Van Ginkle almost walked into the end. Miles Price, he's been good. has a little bit of room. Makes a move. Vikings have found a returner and that's a 23 yd return. And the guy wearing number four just put his team midfield which is where the Vikings will start. Our producer Steve Ackles, our director Arty Kempner, and a special shout out from all of us to Eddie Okuno and the entire tech team as we've moved into new production trucks. I know that doesn't mean anything to viewers, but all their great hard work has meant a lot to our crew. Nice work that they've done. Here's a handoff to Jones and he's trying to get in on the fun. A nice run to start this drive as Aaron Jones got a good block from tight end TJ Hawinson and picked up nine. Timed up pretty well. And you're right, after Jordan Mason the success he had on that last drive, Aaron Jones wants his opportunity now. I tell you, he's uh you talk about his abilities as a receiver and what he can do in space. He's a pretty powerful back himself. [Applause] McCarthy keeps steps into it. He's got Jefferson and can't make the catch. And now coming McCarthy backpedaling for Naylor. And they're going to throw a flag with Tyreek Stevenson in coverage. [Applause] Montes Sweat had pressure on that play. And this one is against Chicago. Pass interference. Number 29 defense. Spot foul. Automatic first down. It's Tyreek Stevenson with that contact on Naylor and the crowd tugged and Tyreek Stevenson he is expecting the ball. Well, you got Nan Wright who's back in the ball game but when they're bringing allout blitz they're expecting the ball to come out quicker than what it did. McCarthy pass is caught. Spinning grab by Aaron Jones. And somehow someway the Minnesota Vikings are on top. [Applause] And that offense will stay out there again and go for two again. Play clock inside of five. Second two-point try. McCarthy begging for the ball. The pass is caught. Feeling and this is a three-point game. The Vikings connect and McCarthy has come alive. Yeah, he really has. I mean, they they they've been able to make some plays when they've had the opportunities. The Bears have been able to capitalize at times when they could have done a little bit more and extended it, but they've been hanging around, hanging around, and McCarthy's been able to make some plays here the last couple of possessions. Good job by Aaron Jones on the blitz pickup. And Dan is there. McCarthy lays it on him. And this is a three-point game, but the Vikings on top. Kevin Oonnell, his team has hung in there. McCarthy has hung in there. It was under one minute left in the third quarter and the Bears were up 11. The ball first and 10 and the Vikings 24. They had a holding penalty and a grounding call against Caleb Williams. They missed a long field goal gave the Vikings a short field. They got down into the end zone. Now they're back in there again and they're up by three. This guy's got a little boxy. There's no doubt. You don't win a national championship without that. And he has just hung in there. It has not been a great night zone. And that will bring it ball out to the 35 after the kick went into the end zone. Five yds more of a penalty on a kick straight into the end zone. That is down this year compared to last. And here is Jaylen Redmond. And this Chicago offense is swift as stood up at the line of scrimmage all of a sudden can't do anything. Well, this Jaylen Redmond would like [Music] [Applause] on second down and 10. Caleb throws. Nice pass. A doomsday for a first down. A gain of 13 down at the 47. Play action from Williams. He's in trouble. Van Ginkle chasing him. And out of bounds was Williams before he let that pass go with Jayvon Hargrave right there in his face. He thought he thought he was going to give Javvon Hargrave the little, you know, roped dope and that he would fall for it and he didn't. You know, for a big man, he he he wasn't fooled at all. So he stepped out of bounds and that's going to move the ball back inside the 45 near the 43. A loss of four. It'll go down as a sack as he steps out right there. [Applause] On second down, Williams. Oh, what a throw and drive for the catch as a Dunay comes up empty. Well, that was a tight window. [Applause] Williams backpedaling and throws it out of bounds with KT the closest one to it. And that's now six straight third down step. 44year-old third season as defensive coordinator, former head coach in Miami, and his guys love playing for him with the Vikings as that one's blocked partially. The ball will take a decent Chicago roll inside the 35 as Eric Wilson, who's been everywhere, got through and got his hand on that punt. He has been every against the ropes and they've now come out starting to swing as they lead by three and take over at their own 32 after that 25 yd punt. Here's Mason spinning his way into Chicago territory and a 20 yd carry by Jordan Mason who's again been the better back of the two. Well, the offensive line has begun to flex on this defense and the 10 yards of rush and that's when JJ McCarthy and this offense woke up. Here's Mason. He's stopped this time. Good job up front by the Chicago Bears defenders. Odango was in there with Noah Su as as the beneficiary of a great running back when I played and a great offensive line. When you get the running game going, a lot of good things start to happen. And JJ McCarthy, not that he necessarily needed to know that or didn't know that, but he certainly knows it tonight. Second and 10. Dennis Allen looking for a stop. McCarthy steps into it. He's got Hawinson. And Hawinson is knocked down just short of first down yardage. It'll be third and short. You just see the the poise and the confidence right now of JJ McCarthy as he's as Aaron Jones got it. First down Minnesota and the drive continues and that'll take it under five minutes to play here at Soldier Field. And I would think if they can continue to run the football, you know, McCarthy's going to lean on that and see if he can't continue to wind this clock down. 14 wins a year ago wasn't good enough to win the NFC North. A game behind Detroit. Sam Darnold moved on. He's in Seattle and now they're playing behind JJ McCarthy. Although they're one-on-one down here with Justin Jefferson. Here's Jones. He's able to get three. It's been detailed in many publications, but JJ McCarthy, who grew up in the suburbs of Chicago, Lraange Park, was four years old when he attended his first game here at Soldier Field October 14th of '07. a game against Minnesota that the Vikings won on a Longwell field goal. And now here he is, his first NFL start with his team out in front. Little confusion here by this Chicago defense. Jones is wide open, makes the catch and tiptoes for a first down. Little misdirection and the Bears over pursuing Jones. There was nobody within 10 yards of him. Yeah, because Josh, they have two in there now on first down. That's Naylor in motion. This is Jones and a good play up front. Mason with the ball and a loss of one as Montes Sweat makes the tackle. [Applause] Second and 11. Jefferson with a blocker out in front. Picking his way and he's about half a yard, maybe a full yard short of a first down. It's third down and a timeout is taken. I think Kevin Oonnell has called a heck of a game, especially here on these last three possessions. that that play there on second down. I was anticipating they might run the football to try to continue to milk the clock and then then maybe pick it up on third down instead. Give the young quarterback a high percentage screen pass. Blockers out in front and picks up a nice gain to make this a third and short and keep the Bears won a good part of this game up front defensively, but they've been on the losing end the last three possessions. Palen in motion. McCarthy keeps. He's got it. And forces his way into the end zone. Touchdown. [Applause] Hawinson out in front of him and JJ McCarthy takes it into the end zone. It's a simple read option. He's he's watching Odangbo on the and after the pick six. [Applause] Tonight's game recap is brought to you by NBA 2K26. In practice, you know, he delivered for them when he had his back against the wall. Williams for KT. And they're saying that's a catch. It sure looks like it. And one heck of a catch at that. Bears have only one timeout left. They're down by 10. And he caught it. That's amazing. He didn't get a lot of opportunities last year, but he caught everything in his direction. Here's one to the end zone. And DJ Moore was open, but overthrown. And that stops the clock at 226. Boy, he just had his eyes in the wrong place. He was looking in the back field or looking in the flat I'm sorry and to Zakius here who goes here but then he misses DJ Moore immediately. Williams is looking to Zakias and because he's looking to the flat he doesn't see the corner sit on it otherwise the ball comes up a lot quicker. There's the 31 yd catch by KT. Just phenomenal. And it's second down and 10. [Applause] And now it's third down and 10. Here's another look at that play. You got Zakias coming here and then DJ Moore comes off. Third down and 10. Down the middle. Williams got hit as he let it go. There's a flag on the far side of the field. Number seven defense. 5 yd penalty. automatic first down against Byron Murphy who's working against a Dunay and Williams under heavy pressure got his arm hit we got Randy Randy [Applause] first down gets hit again and there's more balls out flag on the play for the hit and there's a flag in the secondary as Ivan Pace got through and hit Caleb Williams. There's two separate fouls here. Yeah, they're both going to be against Minnesota it looks like, but Caleb definitely he got hit late or hit up in the head and neck area. Put time back on the clock. There's 2 minutes 12 seconds left and the ball is inside the 15. Again, [Applause] only one timeout remaining for Chicago. DJ Moore able to get up. [Applause] He's been an iron man for the Bears. No miss starts with Chicago since he was traded here in 2023. DJ Moore and he is still getting attention and we hope that he's okay. Joe, you look at the the situation right now in this ball game and I mean with one timeout them scoring before the two-minute warning is is huge and they it's a two-score game. So [Applause] kill [Applause] fourman rush. Caleb Williams steps through looking for the end zone. He's no signal yet. The officials come together. Touchdown. Roy got a field is a touchdown. He's only got one timeout in his pocket. They need to score right here, right now. They fake the pitch. Throw it wide open. Touchdown Adoo with 202 to go. And they get it done outside of the two-minute warning [Applause] and the extra point to follow and then it'll be incumbent upon Santos to boom and it's a three-point game. the other option, Joe. Two to go. And you cannot allow any time to come off the clock with any kind of a return right here. Or and it or will he? Yeah, I was going to say they they lined up. They've already decided it. He could have he could have tried the onside kick, but they would have to declare it. They have not declared that. So, he's got to let it fly. And a decision by Ty Chandler, which is a good decision. And that gets this game clock inside two minutes. So the Bears do not get that extra stoppage with two minutes left. You see Kevin Oonnell, he gave him the fist pump. that did exactly one timeout remains for Chicago. And we'll show you Ty Chandler getting help from the sideline about taking that kickoff out of bounds a moment ago. Here's Mason. He's had a nice night. And look at the in one score games last season. Second down and seven. Bears are out of timeouts. Mason is tackled immediately by Brisker. No gain on the play. It'll be third down. So, this will take us down to about a minute remaining. Run another play and then then you're looking at if they keep the clock running, you're which I got to believe they're going to just hand the ball off. You're talking about punting roughly around 15 seconds or so. Vikings have all three of their totally. You know, Chicago was winning that, but for them to come around the way they did was impressive. Handoff is to Mason and Jordan. Mason going to bring up fourth down as he gets a couple over the left side. right will boom it running back and taking a safety was on the board as well to take more time off the clock but there's 9 seconds left when we talked to JJ McCarthy and we're 9 seconds away from the end of the game so time running out on the Bears you just there's a brightness to him there is he's been described as and barring the incredible he will start his NFL career 1 and0 with a road win in the stadium where he bears. You mentioned the incredible Ben Johnson and the trick plays and the things that he dials up. We'll see what he has for this situation right here. That's what it's going to take and this ball hits DJ Moore flags on the play and Moore gets hit out of bounds and we're down to 5 seconds left. I don't know if that was supposed to be a direct snap to DJ Moore or what that was. Not quite what I was expecting. Eagle shift offense 5yd penalty. Replay first down. And it just takes more time off the clock. It's a Dun. It's more. He's got to get rid of it. He does. And Mungai can't make a play. That's it. The Minnesota Vikings will start this season 1 and0.