Video ID: jvA-bUyMBCU
Title: Los Angeles Chargers vs.Las Vegas Raiders | FULL GAME | NFL 2025 Season Week 2
Upload Date: 2025-09-15
Language: English (auto-generated)
Language Code: en
Is Generated: True
================================================================================

A look there at spectacular SFI Stadium in Englewood. Today, rivals collide in the AFC West. It's the Las Vegas Raiders and the LA Chargers. your 2025 LA Chargers. Mike Dico and Greg Olson. Glad you are with us. And Daniel Carlson here to get things started. Off we go from Southern California. He's across the 20 taken down just shy of the 25. So here come the Chargers and it's year six and year two for Justin Herbert. Greg, it's year two with Jim Harbaugh, but the sixth season for the sixth overall pick in the 2020 draft. You know, Mike, it's kind of become cliche. You know, these guys come onto the field and we say, "Hey, you got to defend every blade of grass. They can make every throw." But that's exactly the case anytime this guy's lined up behind center. And the amount of stress that it puts on your pass defense, on your secondary to know, I got to defend sideline to sideline, line of scrimmage to the end zone, no matter where that ball is snapped. That's the tall task. And they're going to have to mix up coverages and be really sound on the back end or this guy can really kill you. [Applause] on play action now. Herbert that's complete. It's Lad Maki and they're going to move this ball inside the 25 yd line. 20. They get 20 on the connection and the Chargers have the first down 24 yd line. This is a really nice job of just finding a hole in coverage, Mike. And I used to say, hey, when you're open, stay open. That's the art of route running versus zone coverage. And it's a friendly target for the quarterback in space. And they're able to convert. And he'll get back to the line of scrimmage. That's about all. He does a nice job coming from his safety position filling his run gap assignment. Keeps this to a modest game at best 25 yd line. He'll try again. It's second and 10. Throwing now is Herbert. This one finds Maki. Now they are in business inside the 15 yd line. Again, that's two catches on this drive. This one for 10 yards and a first down. They do a really nice job of picking up the pressure and that's what allows him to have the time to go through his entire progression. He sees his check down wide open, gets the ball into his hands and he does the rest and he'll be taken down. But we have a chance for the first points of this game as they've set up first and goal. Well, if this opening drive is any indication of how the rest of this game's going to go, it seems this offense is going to be pretty content keeping the ball on the ground. Lot of success here early. Now it sets up first and goal. They fake the handoff. Now Herbert, this is going to be caught for a touchdown. But there is a marker down and you can tell they know this is coming back. [Applause] Ineligible receiver downfield offense. So a costly penalty here. It wipes away the touchdown. Now it is first and goal. A quick throw on the RPO is complete. And good yardage there after the catch. They'll wind up with a gain of seven on first down. These are the worst. I I had a couple years, Mike, where I swear I got tackled inside the oneyd line 10 times. And then you look back and you're like, man, how many touchdowns did I leave on the board cuz I couldn't get one more yard. Now, for him individually, not ideal. But right now, they're on the doorstep of the end zone and you got to find a way to put that ball across the goal line. This is a play, Mike, that makes me want to run down there and throw on a uniform and try to help out. I mean, I think at this point I could help clear enough room to get one yard. Heck, I might be able to get one yard myself. That's disappointing that they're unable to capitalize from back at the three yd line. Third and goal. Shotgun now for Herbert. Under pressure and down he goes. They've got him back at the 10. The best thing they did here, Mike, is keep their rush lane integrity. What that means is you have to rush the quarterback as a unit. Keep him in the pocket. Keep him on that X. And when you do, man, he becomes a sit and duck for this pass rush. Cameron. Fourth down. Cameron Dicker is on for the Chargers attempt. This about as short as you can get. Dicker's kick is good. And the Chargers will take a three nothing lead. You know, they did a lot of good things on this opening drive, Mike. I know they stalled out once they got down there into the red zone. They're going to need to work on finishing some of these drives as this game moves along, but that's a good three points to start this game. On the return is Dylan Lowby. Cross the 20. They'll mark him down before the 25 yd line. That's where the offense will take over. So the Raiders come out and Greg, they make a change at quarterback in the off season. It is now year 13 for Gino Smith, but year one in silver and black. You just can't say enough about Gino and his turnaround over the last couple years, Mike. I mean, many thought he was destined to just be a career backup and just play out the rest of his career. And when things didn't play out at first, instead of just listening to those doubters, he just kept working on his craft. And next thing you know, he gets an opportunity with a new team, makes the most of it, and he's now solidified himself as a bonafide franchise quarterback in this league. from the 29. Here's second down and four on the ground. Here is the first round pick from April's draft. Running room hard to come by as he'll get ahead for a yard. Dante Jackson that time in on the third down. And while that run wasn't anything really to write home about, what it allows them to do, Mike, is keep everything in the playbook at their disposal. Third and short. Now it's up to these coaches to dial up their best short yardage play and extend this drive. He's got a man. That's Meyers. Gain of 16 for the man who wears 16 and a first down. A gain of 16 yds. First down Las Vegas. [Music] What are you doing? These third down conversions are just so important, Mike. Everybody stresses we want to possess the ball, give our offense as much opportunity to end as many drives as we can scoring points. So, if you want to stay on the field, you better be good on third down. And he wind up getting about four before he's shown the sideline. four brings up second down at the Chargers 48 yd line from the 48 yd line. Here's second and five. They'll keep it on the ground with Genty and this will be a short pick up down to the 45. stay on Henley there on the tackle and after that short run puts them a little bit closer to the first down marker and they're going to need to create more running room on the ground if they plan on extending this drive. Now a third and two from the gun it's Gino. Ah nowhere to go. He's going to be taken down. This is where the playmaking ability almost can be a detriment to a running quarterback. They have such confidence in their ability to keep plays alive with their legs that sometimes they hold it just a little bit too long thinking they can make the next big play and good job by the defenders tracking them down and took him down for a loss. On fourth down, AJ Cole punt for the Raiders. On the return for the Chargers, it's Darius Davis. And that's a thing of beauty out of bounds at the sixyd line. At their own sixyd line. The Chargers offense going to take over now for the second time. They'll have a long field ahead of them as they start first and 10. They'll start this one with a three tight end look. They'll start this on the ground and it's Harris and this is going nowhere. He's going backwards to the four yd line of scrimmage. I can promise you that is not how they wanted to start this drive, Mike. I mean to get blown up at the point of attack. There was just nowhere for the back to go on that run. [Applause] Last play went the wrong way. It sets up second along. It's second down and 12. Out of the gun, here's Herbert looking middle and he'll get it complete to Manki and he'll be very close to a first down. Won't quite have enough. But now a much more advantageous spot. And while it ultimately worked out for him this time, Mike, this is not a throw he wants to make a habit of because that was risky when he threw it. I thought that ball was being picked. Think he got away with one here. Results in a big kickup. get a fresh set of downs. Again on the play when done correctly, Mike, this is just such a high percentage call. It's kind of hard to choose another play off your caution. It's impossible to defend. You can know it's coming, stack the box, whatever you want to do, but most of the time they'll just drive forward and pick up the first down. Herbert now on first down. He is hit before he can get rid of it. And down he goes by Max Crosby. Max Crosby Motor always running. Gets there for the sack. At the seven. The defensive coaches, they preached all week, Mike, they have to have relentless pursuit of this quarterback when he tries to extend the play. So often it results in a great play for the offense in a big pickup. This time because of that pursuit, it leads to a big loss. work to do now as they come up on second and long. From the gun, it's Herbert left the side. He's got the tight end Disley. And that'll go for a gain of seven. And it's going to set up third down. That's a gain of seven. The drag route is such a good way to get the ball early into the hands of your tight end and take some pressure off the quarterback and give them an easy completion. The size and the athleticism allows them to try to pick up more yards, but do it after the catch. Throwing is Herbert on third down. He'll try and get there on the ground. You can't beat a running quarterback. Gain a 16 and a first down. 16 yds and the Chargers first down. First and 10 at the 30 yd line. The defensive line has to do a better job of contain rushing, especially on third down. Mike, you can't rush one-on-one. You have to rush as a unit. Keep the quarterback in the pocket. And when you let him get loose, this is what's going to happen. and he can't hang on through the contact incomplete. Good job defensively to meet him just as the ball was arriving. It'll bring up second down. Quinton Johnston, the man he was looking for on that one. And it'll bring up second down. Williams in motion. He'll get this to Dley on the right and he's out of bounds up beyond the 40 yd line. It's been a busy first quarter for him so far. His third catch goes for a first down. I always think you can tell pretty quickly how comfortable a quarterback is in their offense, Mike, by how fast they work through their progression and get the ball to their check down underneath. And in this case with the depth of the defense, a lot of space in the short game, get him the ball, pick up the first down, and he's brought down after a gain of six on first down. A sixyd pick up. A bit of a quick hitter here. And what you're hoping for, Mike, is that the defense can't react quickly enough because the ball's coming out so hot. But they knew it was coming and they end up holding them to just a short game. [Applause] Play action now. It's Herbert the left side. Catch made by Maki and they'll take this down inside the 35. It's a gain of 18. Four catches already in this opening quarter. Off to a hot start as he picks up the first down. 10 at the 34 yd line. And this is the blueprint, Mike. the ability to sustain and maintain possession and methodically move the ball down the field in the process. The defense has had no answers up until this point. And now the next step is can they come away with six because anything less than that after this long drive would be a bit of a let down there on the tackle. Two yds on the pickup. It's second and eight at the 32 yd line. from the 32 yd line. Now here's second and eight. [Music] Here's Herbert. That one complete to Manki. And they'll work this close to a first down. Maybe just a tad short. All right. So, anytime you're facing the Blitz, the best thing you can do as an offense is just get the ball out of your hand. Get into the hands of receiver, run after catch. in this case. Nice job by the defense rallying to the ball. Modest game. They'll go with the sneak trying to find any CB can, but the push too strong in the middle. He didn't get there. It's fourth down. That's another Chargers first down. I know it's early in this game, but in my mind, that's four down territory. And certainly now the coach doesn't have to make that decision. He keeps it on the ground on third and short. gets a fresh set of downs and now they got to see if they can come away with some points. Herbert now on first down. That's to the running back Amarian Hampton. And he's not going to get too far tackled after a gain of just a yard. So often for a defense defending the passing game, the most difficult guy to account for is the running back out of the back field. So, a really nice job here bringing him down before he has a chance to pick up any yards after the catch to throw. It's Herbert. He'll get this complete left side to Johnston. He's going to be out of bounds. Gain of just a couple. And now we've got third down coming up. So, anytime you decide to blitz, the hope is that the secondary can hold up long enough to allow the extra pressure guys to get to the quarterback. But when you don't get to the quarterback and he's able to get the ball on time and in rhythm, there are holes in the back end and they're able to pick up the first down. They'll set up the screen to Hampton and he's going to have the first down. They convert on third and it sets up a first and goal. This has been a really impressive drive, Mike, really from the start. And this is something defenses want to force offenses to do. methodically work their way down the field, but they've been highly efficient. And now they get another first down. On first down, it's Harris. He'll get a yard or two to the eight. Second and go. Gain brings up second down at the 8 yd line. Disle is the man in motion to throw is Herbert. He pulls it in around the five. So the hope is when you call these underneath drag routes, you're trying to have your tight end come out the back side of the defense in space. So when you put the ball on them early, it leads to big yards after the catch. In this case, they don't get the real big play they were hoping for, but they'll definitely take it. Herbert looking to throw on third and two. He puts it up and it's caught. Gadston. Touchdown Chargers. Chargers. Now remember back, Mike, their first drive, they had to settle for three. So they definitely didn't want to have to do that again. So really solid drive from start to end. And they're finally able to cap it off with a touchdown. Cameron Dicker, the kicker for the extra point. He gets it to go and the Chargers are out to a 10 nothing lead. One quarter in the books. The Chargers out to the early lead. We're back in Southern California in a moment. after the touchdown. Here's Ticker out to send this one away. Lobby now to return it. He'll get this past the 20 before he's brought down shy of the 25 yd line. her own 23 yd. The Raiders offense about ready to get going on their second possession and nothing doing from the offense just yet. Down 10 nothing as they come up with first and 10. They'll start on the ground with Genti. They converge on him quickly. He'll only get a couple Multiple time all pro. They're on the T. brings us. So, this team finds themselves now in a little bit of a tricky situation here, Mike. If they don't find a way to start sustaining some of these drives and come away with points, all of a sudden, you're trailing by double digits in the second half. You become very one-dimensional. You become very pass. And that's certainly not how any team in the NFL wants to play. And they'll work this close to a first down, maybe just a tad short. It's a gain of seven as a route runner. Once you identify zone coverage like they were playing here, the key is find open space and stay in it. He did a nice job here cuz that was not a big hole. Quarterback had to put a little extra on that one and they were able to make the completion. And he is going to have the Raiders first down maybe by about a yard as they find a way to convert on third in inches. I don't want to take anything away from the quarterback here, Mike. He did a nice job picking up that first down, but this play is won or lost by the big guys up front. They're the ones who need to get off the snap on time, get leverage on the defender, and create the space needed for the quarterback to pick up the first down. Smith going to keep this himself. Ah, the ball comes out and this is recovered by the Chargers. You know, it's amazing, Mike, that guys still end up fumbling the ball because I can tell you from experience, the first 15 minutes of every offensive practice is ball security circuit. And that could be a combination of multiple things. How to go to the ground without getting loose to the ball, almost like the art of falling. It could be running over bags or through bags as guys take swats at the ball trying to knock it out. There are so many ways to simulate what the game is like because at the end of the day, if you want to win in the NFL, protecting the ball is the number one priority and it cannot be stressed enough trying left side. Here's Harris Harris. Well, they try to get the run game started here early on this drive, Mike. And they're just going to have to do a better job up front. There's really nowhere for this ball carrier to go. Never want to lose yards on first down, but that's exactly the case here. Lost one on the last play, so now it's second and 11. [Applause] Throwing Herbert. That's going to be incomplete. Hovering very good there. Contact jarring the ball loose and it's going to force third down. All things considered, it's actually a pretty good pass. I mean, he puts the ball in a place where only his guy can catch it, but I think he hears those footsteps coming from that nearest defender, and he's not able to secure the catch through contact. Throwing is Herbert on third down. Now a ball deep middle of the field and they're going to get this all the way down inside the foul. It's a big one for the Chargers. 32 yd. Chargers. First down. First and goal at the 4 yd line. It all starts with the protection. There's just no pressure at all. Nothing in his face, nothing at the feet of the quarterback. When you allow him to comfortably stand there and go through his progressions, you just got no shot. Herbert that's to the end zone and is batted away. It is incomplete. A bit of a risky throw here in the end zone, Mike. And those windows down here tight, they close so much faster in this part of the field. By the time he let it go, the defender was already in position and was able to make a play on the ball. Line of scrimmage remains the four yd line. It's second and goal. Throwing again, Herbert. It is brought in in the end zone. Maki touchdown Los Angeles Chargers. That was just too easy, Mike. It's just straight man coverage. Great route by the receiver on the slant. You just can't give up an inside release deep in your own end zone because as you just saw, it's pitch and catch. after an extra point. [Applause] He knocks it through. Chargers move further out in front. It is now 17 to nothing. Raiders nothing. [Applause] at the touchdown. Here's Dicker out to send this one away. Lobby now to return it. He'll get across the 20 down 23 yd line. The Vegas offense ready to get rolling again. They trail this one 17 to nothing now. really need to find some inspiration, some momentum on this drive as they'll begin here with first down. Out of the back field, it's Ashton Genty and he's going to be out of bounds at the 40 yd line. 16 yds on the game and a quick first down. It's been a rough first half, but now as we approach halftime, Mike, you got to start getting some wins. And it could be something small like we just saw here, some positive plays. Build a little confidence on that sideline. So as you go into halftime, you have something to build on. He'll move it ahead for about three yards. Denzel Perryman in on the stop. down at the 43. Nice job by the running back making the first guy miss, but it's the pursuit by the entire defense. Even though he doesn't get him down on his first try, the rest of his guys are all rallying to the ball and they bring him down for a short game. Once again, it's Genty. Oh, and the rookie puts it on the deck. It's a fumble. It's picked up by one of his teammates. recover. Pretty fortunate right there, Mike. If that ball bounces just a different direction, that could easily be a turnover or even points the other direction. Third down and three. Man in motion here is Tucker from the gun on third down. Smith. That's into the hands of Tucker. He's got it. Smith's pass a pickup of 12 yds to first down Vegas. A gain of 12 and a Raider first down. What are you doing? Really nice job there, Mike. I mean, he sees the blitz coming and just gets the ball out of his hands. Understand where your outlets are. It results in an easy pitch and catch and move the chains. Smith now to throw on first down. That's caught. It's the tight end Brock Bowers. And they bring him down, but not until they get inside the 30 yd line. First time these two have connected this afternoon and it'll wind up being a first down. And after being shut down in the opening quarter, he makes his first catch here with that one. And they're going to need to continue to build off this if they plan on leaving here today with a win. That one caught by and he's not going to get too far tackled after a gain of just a yard. This is one of those throws where you're hoping you do most of the damage after the catch, but give credit to the defense. Once that ball was caught, they were on him quickly and there was nowhere for him to go after the catch. On second down, Smith, this is caught at the twoith and he'll take it on in Tommy. Tommy touchdown Vegas. Well, that is a step in the right direction finding the end zone. I don't know, Greg. Could this be building some momentum for these guys? And that's important before halftime. Absolutely. And I think the biggest thing this coach is trying to get across right now on the sideline, Mike, is let's just cut into this lead and let's make it a one-sore game at half. So, they still got some work to do. But if they can go into halftime, regroup, catch their breath, just keep it close, give yourself a fighting chance here out of the break. Carlson's kick is good and the Raiders are back in this one. It's 17-7. Here's Carlson now. He'll kick this one off following the touchdown on the other end. This is Hassan Haskins to return and he'll be brought down just beyond the 25 yd line at their own. Justin Herbert back out there. He and the Chargers getting set to go once more and he's had things all his way in the first half. Those numbers are sensational. He looks to add to him with another drive here. This drive begins with a run by Harris. And boy, tough to bring down there. Fighting forward for a gain of seven. He's tackled at the 34 yd line. A sevenyd pickup brings up second and three from the 34 yd line. Here's second down and three. [Applause] Shotgun now for Herbert throwing left side and it's taken in by Williams and he is out of bounds at the 45 gain of 10 yd. It's a gain of 10 yd. It's good for a Charger first down at the 45 yd line. It's pretty evident, Mike, when a quarterback and his wide receiver are operating on the exact same page. the anticipation, the timing, the accuracy of the both the route and the ball. And when they're working together like this, that's the definition of teaching. This one broken up. It's incomplete. The defender right there with him. It brings up second down. Second and 10. Will Disley, the intended target that time and it'll bring up second down. [Applause] Hit the fell. Out of the gun. Here's Herbert. He'll look underneath here for Hampton. And nice work there after the catch. He's a little short of a first down after a gain of seven. Well, this is a great example of the old saying, Mike. You never go broke taking a profit. And give credit to this quarterback. I know it's not the big explosive play he was looking for, but getting the ball into the hands of his running back allow him to pick up some extra yardage after the catch. That one on target to Williams. He's got it. That's his third catch of this first half and good enough for a first down. And the Chargers first down. First and 10 at the 35 yd line. The thing that jumps out to me the most, Mike, is just how often the quarterback is able to throw the ball to his first read in the progression. So, hats off to the play caller. Him and the quarterback seeing the game through the exact same set of eyes. And there is a lot of room to operate on play action now. Herbert a dive and a catch. Incredible. That's catch three just on this drive and it gets his team a first down. And that's what you call being fearless going over the middle. That's not everybody's cup of tea in this league, Mike. Some guys love to operate outside the numbers. And some guys understand their role is in the middle of the field. And not only to make that catch, but to do it laying out. That's a big time play to secure that one. And he'll take this down to the six. That's good enough for first down. First and goal first down. I love the way the ball's been moving around to different guys this drive, Mike. I mean, it really keeps the defense guessing and off balance. And now this defense is going to have to figure out how to keep this offense out of the end zone because it's first and goal. They'll run with Harris. He'll be wrapped up there down at the three yd line. W there on the tackle. A pickup of two brings up second and goal at the three yd line. [Applause] The ball a little closer now. It is second and goal from the gun. It's Herbert to the goal line and in Maki. Touchdown LA. Two touchdowns for him now on the afternoon. And that is number two, Greg. He is off to some kind of start in this one. Two quarters and two receiving touchdowns. Mike, this is one of those situations where as a defensive coordinator, you've got to give your group an answer cuz right now they don't have one for this guy. [Applause] Kicker now for the extra point. Extra point. It's up the kick and through and the Chargers up their lead. It's now 24-7. Raiders seven. [Applause] After touchdown, here's Dicker out to send this one away. Tommy Malot to return it. He'll work his way across the 25 yd line. Tommy on the return. Raiders offense. Gino Smith getting ready for their next possession. Started here with a first and 10 on the ground. It's Genty to start the drive and they'll be set up now. up past the 40 with that one. Terrific starter there. Gain of 15 and a first down. First down, Raiders. The ability to be effective on first down, Mike. It just makes everything else easier in the event you do have to face a third down the road. They're usually a lot more manageable situations, a lot easier to convert. Play action now. It's Gino. He's close to a first down. It's a gain of nine. Nice pitch and catch on first down. There's no more efficient play in the NFL, Mike, than the play action passing game. You can see here why you make the defense have to honor both the run and the pass. And he's able to pick up a nice game to his tight end. Ball right on the 50 yd line. Here's second and one to the left side into the hands of Beck. pass and that's going to be a first down. A pick up of nine. One of the easiest ways to negate these really good pass rushes in the NFL, Mike, is just to simply get the ball out of the quarterback's hand as fast as possible and sometimes it's by design. Sometimes it's based on need. But really nice job there by the quarterback getting into the hands of his receiver and then see what he can do after the catch. He's fighting to get back to the line of scrimmage but can't get there. dropped for the loss of a yard. A loss of two. Well, has been the case this entire first half. It's been the defense that's really carried the load for this team. Some offensive struggles, but they've done more than their part. Coming through again with another big stop for a loss. Throwing on second down, Smith. Oh, nice open field tackle there. He could not get free. They're going to stop him for no gain. No game. Let's give the defense a little credit here. You talk about read and reacting quickly. They recognize the screen right out of the jump and he's able to beat the blocker to the spot and keep him to no gain in motion. Besides, it's Gina. Right back to B. He's got another one and he's going to be taken down short of the marker. That is going to set up an interesting fourth down decision play. They came up a little bit short there on third down, but I think the reality is, Mike, they've been in four down territory for a while now. You find yourself down multiple scores, you cannot afford to waste any of these possessions. They'll try it now with Genti and he's not going anywhere. Stuffed behind the line. They have turned it over on down. Well, that play had no chance from the start. The running back was not even able to make it back to the original line of scrimmage. Give credit to that defensive line. That was an incredible effort, forcing that fourth down stop. the Chargers offense and Omari and Hampton getting set for their next possession. The lead is 17 as they try to maybe pull away in this one. It is first and 10 and he'll be taken down as we tick down to the two-minute warning. Two minutes remain here in this first half. Greg and I return to Sofi Stadium. Second and seven. y Williams in motion. Here's Herbert laying out and he made the catch. What a play. It's a gain of 12 then. First down LA and the Chargers. So Mike, you look back at the quarterback and you see that this ball is coming out of his hand and it's going to be low and the decisions made. You've got to go down to the ground to secure the catch. First order of business, your hands are between the ground and the ball, no matter what that looks like. And then once you secure it, you've got to roll, protect the ball, and under no circumstances can that ball move or hit the ground. How often do we see a great catch overturned on replay? So, it's not easy, but you get paid to catch them all. Here's second and two. They fake the hand off now. Herbert, he's got the hook up downfield with Maki and the Lucas ball way down into the red zone inside the 20 yd line. A big half continues. Already two touchdowns on the score sheet. And here this grab gets him a first down. [Applause] That last completion is going to go a long way towards at least finishing this two-minute drive, Mike, with some points. You're already in field goal range. So now the idea is continue to work the clock down, take a couple shots at the end zone. You want to get points, ideally a touchdown, but either way, you have the ball last before the end of the second quarter. Right. It's about time. So they move inside the 20. First and 10 at the 18 again. They'll throw with Herbert looking middle and he'll get it complete to Maki. Now a timeout Chargers here. That's their second as they'll stop it with just over 40 seconds to go in the first half. three at the other. The key to good route running, Mike, is deceiving the man covering you into thinking you're doing one thing and then you change it and do the other. And in this case, he had the defender thinking this was a vertical downfield route and then next thing you know, he gets to his break point. He breaks in and that ball's put right on the money for a big pickup. Now Herbert again, short throw taken in by Dysley. And this drive's going to continue. He's taken down. They are set up with first and first down. There's this misconception out there, Mike, that in the NFL, you have to run the same amount of run plays as you do pass plays. And as you're seeing in this drive, you can fall on one side of that coin a little bit more as long as you're able to remain effective and efficient. So far, their passing game has dominated here early and that last pickup leads to a first down. on the play. The Chargers going to use their third and final timeout and it'll come with 15 seconds to play in this first half. to 10. They'll try here on second and goal. Dislate is the man in motion. Herbert to throw. That's hauled in at the two and he's in. Williams. Mike Williams. Touchdown Chargers. Touchdown Chargers. You know, we spent so much time talking about the heroics of a gamewinning drive to end the fourth quarter in two-minute mode, but let's talk about a two-minute mode, Mike, at the end of the first half. It might not be in walk-off fashion, but I'll tell you what, executing that here going into halftime changes this entire game. [Applause] after. He's got it. Chargers add on one more as they extend their second quarter lead. Raiders seven. Closing seconds of this first half and this kickoff is away. The return team going to let that one go. He'll go through the end zone. It's a touchback at their own 35 yd line. On first down, here's Gino to throw to the left side. And it is caught by Meyers. And the offense will elect to burn a timeout. 5 seconds remaining in this second quarter. They'll come up now for second down and four to throw. It's Smith. That's to the right side and caught by Bowers and he's going to be out of bounds. Triple zeros up there on the clock. We have reached the end of the first half. Okay, Mike, thanks very much. Welcome in everyone to the Orlando studios. Scott Hansen with you for a quick recap of the first half, which has been strongly one-sided. This is heading towards blowout territory, unless they can come from behind and get themselves a victory. Let's find out what happens in the second half. Let's go back out to the commentary team, Mike Tarico and Greg Olsen. Scott, thanks. I bet you it was two different, very different in fact, halftime speeches from the head coaches as we get set for half number two. Lobby now to return it and they'll bring him down just shy of the 30 yd line. First and 10. The Raiders offense ready to get going again. They'll have it first in this third quarter. They are in need of points in a big way as they set out on first and 10. From the shotgun, it's Smith. That's a short one caught by Bowers. Mark him down just shy of the 40. It's a nice start to the drive. Gain a 10 and a quick first down. Las Vegas. Whatever they've talked about in the locker room at the halftime break seems to have worked. They've come out with a new established energy. You could see it when they took the field. Now, this offense seems to be building on it because with that chunk play, just a little bit of rhythm that they can build off of. They got a long way to go to get back into this game, but so far off to a good start. And they've really done a nice job defensively holding them in check. I mean, ideally, you'd want your back to average around four yards a pop, but they're falling short of that threshold as of now, and partially it's why they find themselves trailing at this stage in the game. Thrown quickly on the RPO to Bowowers and he will be forced out of bounds, but there is a flag down and we'll check in with our referee. on the handoff. This is Genty. Nothing doing there. He'll go down behind the line. Well, they've got him going backwards now, Mike. And this is a worrying trend. We've seen it now the last two plays. They have to be able to generate some leverage at the point of attack. Count on positive yardage in the run game. Last two runs go nowhere and sets up third and very long. In motion, Bes from the gun on third down. Smith, he'll find Kenty out of the back field. Smith's pass complete to Ashton. Really nice play recognition there by the defense. They sense the quarterback had nowhere to go downfield and that ball was going to be checked down. The moment that ball hit the running back's hands, there was nowhere to go. The Raiders send their punt as he's on to punt for the second time. A fair catch signal and they'll have it just outside their own first. Justin Herbert Chargers getting set to go once more and he's had it going in the first half. really had his way with the secondary. They have been powerless to stop him. Now they'll try to keep it going and he'll manage to get this ahead for a pick up a five. Adam Butler there on the tackle. It's a gain of five. Brings up second and five at the 28 yd line. Fall on the 28 yd line. Here's second down and five. Play action now. It's Herbert working free downfield. It is Williams. Aneligible receiver downfield. Offense. You only get a oneyd buffer from the line of scrimmage for these old linemen. That time he strayed a little too far down and it draws the flag. [Applause] On second down, here's Herbert. He'll get this out wide to Johnston. And he's going to be dropped after a pickup of about five. In a lot of offenses, Mike, these quick passes to the wide receivers really fall under the run category. Of course, they're going to go down as a forward pass, but to a lot of offensive coordinators in the league, it's a lot easier to pick up first and second down yardage on these quicks than it is to turn around and hand it off to your running back and count on blocking everybody. It's a pickup of 13 yd and the Chargers have the first down and the Chargers first down. First and 10 at the 42 yd line. [Applause] [Applause] Typically in a third down situation like this, Mike, you're thinking pass, but give credit to this offensive play caller. He flips his tendencies upside down, keeps the ball on the ground. Not only does he get a fresh set of downs, they pick up good yardage. He'll struggle to get back to the line of scrimmage. If he gets a yard out of that one, it's second down. Oneyd gain brings up second and nine at the 43 yd line. [Applause] [Applause] Here's Herbert throwing left side and it's taken in by Williams. And they'll move this one down inside the 40 yd line. Remember, he had the touchdown catch the last time they had the football. He's got a first down. Great pre- snap recognition here by the quarterback. He looks outside and sees man coverage and he knows exactly where he's going to go with the ball. Now it's up to the receiver to create separation at the top of the route. Ball's on time. Great placement. Nice big pickup. And that'll be good for about a half dozen. It'll set up second down. Tackled by Jeremy Chin. It's a pickup of six. Brings up second and four at the 31 yd line. [Applause] Throwing now is Herbert. That's caught by the tight end Tyler Conklin and it'll be a short pickup that's not enough for the first down. Just a simple hitch route. Certainly nothing special there or anything downfield. But the idea is the more of those you throw and those efficient passes, the second the defense moves up to take it away, that's when you go for the big ones. Conklin goes in motion. He'll [Applause] try to run for it with Harris and he's going to be taken down here. Looks like a pretty good spot though. Yes, he's got it. That's a first down. That's another Chargers first down. And I think if they didn't get it there even with the lead, I think that coach is telling them, "Hey, this is four down territory." But that's all for not now because after that good blocking up front, he picks up a fresh set of downs. On first and 10, it's a handoff. Wait a minute. It's a reverse and he'll take this forward for a couple. It'll be second down. So, they try to throw a little bit of a curveball. We see him throw it to this guy a lot. Now, in this case, they hand it to him thinking they can catch the defense off guard and generate a big play. And let's give a lot of credit to the defense. They were ready for it. They were prepared for it. And they held it to a modest game. Shotgun now for Herbert. Got his man at the six and they continue to be tough to stop. Chance to extend the lead even further as they are set up with first and goal. First and goal at the sixyd line. So far here today, putting points on the board certainly hasn't been a problem. And plays like that are why. Think about it, Mike. Sometimes you just have to take what the defense gives you and not force something that's not there. And that mid-range pass results in a fresh set of downs. A loss was definitely not something they had accounted or budgeted for in this spot. And now I think it really limits what do you feel comfortable dialing up here on second and goal. Now from the seven, it's second and goal. From the gun, it's Herbert. He pulls it in around the five. And the defense trying to tighten down here. They're going to hold him to a gain of three. That's going to set up third and goal. Y. When you put plays like this on tape, it sends a message to every defender across the league. When you play this offense and this guy has the ball, you better bring it when you come to contact him cuz if not, you're going to be on the wrong end of it. Herbert now on third and goal. Justin Herbert scrambles from the pocket. You could tell that this defense was ready for this exact play call. They know that they're going to give their quarterback a chance both through the air and on the ground with his legs. They do a nice job stopping him short of the goal line to force fourth down. This has been quite the drive. Three points would kind of feel like a let down. So they're going to go for it here on fourth and goal. They'll go and it's Harris and he's not going anywhere. Stuck behind the line. They have turned it over on downs. So this play by the middle linebacker is all about play recognition. Reminds me of a former teammate Luke Keequley. He knew the play before it was going to happen. Watch him. He diagnoses. He tracks the ball and bang. makes a huge tackle short of the yard to gain. Forces the turnover on downs. It's a first carry for the veteran Raheem Moert. And that'll be a pickup of three. Most the ball carrier taken down at his own sevenyd line brings up second down. Here's second and six. Man in motion here is Tucker. On second down, Genty. That one is snuffed out. Going to lose yardage. Back to the three. on the tackle. These negative runs, they just make everything for the play caller that much more difficult, Mike. So, they've got to find a way to be more efficient on these early downs, meaning first and second down, cuz if not, you find yourself the entire game in third and pass. And that's what every single defense in the league is trying to do. Third and 10. Here's a run with their tight end. the tight end of the ball carrier. He's brought down at his own four yd line. Three plays and out. It's fourth down. The Raiders have their punt team out there as he'll be standing just inside the back line of the end zone. Davis to return it and he'll get forward a few yards on the return. That's where the offense will take over. The Chargers offense and Omari and Hampton getting set for their next possession. They'll have a short field in front of them as they try to extend this lead out further. On play action, it's Herbert. That's going to be intercepted. And the Raiders are going to get the football here at their own 38 yd line. The Raiders. So, not a lot of yards on the return, Mike, but that's okay. The number one thing, end up with the ball in your hands. And in this case, mission accomplished. And his guys are headed off the field to celebrate. The Raiders offense back onto the field for their next possession. They'll try to establish some tempo as they start this one with first and 10. Here's a handoff to Genty. Good physical run. It'll wind up as a gain of taken down at the 43 yd line. I think every running back's dream is that he's going to run through a wide open hole and have breakaway touchdowns, but that's not necessarily the case very often in the NFL. So the backs that are the best are the ones that can get more yardage than maybe what's blocked for. And I think this is a nice physical game here that they can continue to build off of as the game unfolds. And they're going to work this down inside the 45. Call it a gain of 13. Good for a Raider first down. So the athleticism of this tight end is pretty well documented, Mike. I mean, he can pick up yards after the catch. It's just such a rare trait for tight ends. So, it's the size, it's the speed, it's the matchup problem. I mean, we got a glimpse of all of it right here. Pushed out to his right, taking off. A gain there. First down Vegas. It's a gain of They got to do a better job of keeping the quarterback contained in the pocket all week, Mike, against mobile quarterbacks. You talk about rushing as a group. This time they get a little undisiplined with their rush lane integrity and he makes him pay. They run out of the gun with Genti. He'll try to get back to the line, but he's not happening. Going to lose the tackle. These are the impact plays that this linebacker is capable of, Mike. not only dissecting and determining where the ball was going, but then to shoot through the line of scrimmage and make this tackle for a loss. That's a big time play by a really good player. Second and 11 from the gun. It's Gina. That is going to be Hong and he's got it. Touchdown Las Vegas. All week we're going to see this play be run over and over as a highlight of the quarterback and the receiver. But Mike, the part that people don't give enough credit to, in order to get a downfield shot, you have to have time. And what a great job by the offensive line allowing the quarterback to be comfortable enough in the pocket. Let those deeper routes develop, be on time and accurate with the ball. And that's why this play is going to be a highlight all week. Let's give the big guys up front some credit. Smith leading them to the line as they get set to go for two. The Raiders will line up for the two-point conversion. Here we go with Genty and he will not get to the goal line. So no tacking on two points. Still a three-core game as the difference is 18. I don't love the call. I mean you all week you practice these got to have it plays. Every call sheet, Mike, has three or four plays that are down here in the goal line that could also be used as two-point plays. I think to simply turn around and just hand the ball to your running back got to be a little bit more creative. That's a big missed opportunity, Scott. Thank you, my friend. Back here on EA Sports as we countd down to the kickoff of this second half. Haskins now to return and he'll be brought down right around the 25 yd line. So now here comes the Chargers as they get set to take over once more. They've definitely outplayed their opponents to this point in the third quarter. They might be looking to grind out some first downs and chew up some valuable time on the clock. And he's got some space up past the 30 to about the 32 yd line. A pick up of seven there on the tackle. A gain of seven brings up second down at the 32 yd line. [Applause] Here's second and two. [Applause] Throwing Herbert. He's got the hook up downfield with Maki. He had two touchdowns earlier. Looking to see what he can do here in this second half. Brad gets them a first down. And that was just a simple read that time. He knew his guy was going to come open in the middle of the field based on the look they gave. All he had to do was let the play develop and then deliver a strike to pick up the first down. Give up the middle to Harris trying to find some place to go, but nothing developing. Tackled behind the line. It's a loss of one. Some defensive ends specialize in getting after the quarterback. Some defensive ends specialize in run game. This guy can really make an impact on both as we saw here for that tackle for loss. [Applause] To throw, it's Herbert. Who else? Another catch for his favorite target. Herbert's pass. And it'll be brought down as we tick towards the end of this third quarter. It's a gain of six brings up third and final. So, three quarters have come and gone. We'll return with more after this. This is the NFL on EA Sports. Third down. They need five. Disley is the man in motion. Harris going to get it here as we start the fourth and he's going to be brought down right on that yellow line with the official signal he's got enough for the first down and this is just a defeated defense at this point in the game. Mike, it's been like this all day long. They just have not been able to get the stops when they've needed them. Here's another chance on third down and they just can't make a play on first down. Right back to Harris and he'll get about six there. Harris setting up second. He was tackled at the 27 yd line. Brings up second down. [Applause] So now they'll pitch it out here. Can he get away? No. He's going to be taken down behind the line. Brought down back at the third. He sniffed that one out from the jump. I mean, once he diagnosed and knew where the ball was going, he got there in a hurry and he put an end to that play really before it ever got started. They need to get this to the 23. Here's third down now. Herbert open man is the tight end Dley and he is out of bounds at the 2 yd line of 28 yd. It'll be first and goal. That's a gain of 28. Big time completion right there. And this isn't just a spot where they're trying to run the game out here in the fourth quarter. They were not only trying to pick up points, but they're trying to get in the end zone and extend this lead. So really nice job here late. Let me see if they can put this one out of reach. Oh, this defense backed up. But they bring the fire there. Stop him before he can get past the three yd line goal at the in these goal to go situations backed up on your own goal line. Mike, what they teach the defense is it's your job to establish a new line of scrimmage. And that's exactly what they did here. Watch the push they get. The offensive line goes backwards and they take the ball carrier down for a loss. And he's gonna go backwards. Taken down. It makes sense on second and goal, Mike, to keep this ball on the ground. You always have third down again to finally punch it in. But now, after the defense forces you backwards, I think you have to consider putting this one in the air here on third and goal. So, the last two plays have gone backwards. Now it's third and goal. Disley is the man in motion from the gun on third down. Herbert and he will score again. Maki touchdown Los Angeles. That is his third touchdown of the afternoon. And that touchdown probably Greg ends any small hopes of a comeback on the other side. Yeah. And I think those chances, Mike, were small to begin with, but with that last score, I think this one is pretty much over. Kicker now for the extra point. The extra point. He's got the Chargers will open it up even further here in this fourth quarters 13. [Applause] Cameron Dicker to take off. After the touchdown, here's Dicker out to send this one away. This one taken at the seven and he is stopped at 25. The drive will begin then at their own. The Raiders offense ready to get back at it. Things not looking good, but see if they can get the turnaround going here. They'll start this drive with first down. They'll try to set up the screen to Genty and that one's not fooling anyone. They were on that screen from the start and a loss of yards on the play. Well, the best screen plays of course you want the offensive lineman out in front of the running back. They act as his escort, his lead blockers. But what you can't afford is for the defenders to be in the back field and get to the running back because those offensive linemen, they can't help him at all. On second down, Smith throwing off his back foot and it's taken in. Smith and he's going to be dropped after a pick up of five. Five yds on the play and it's third down. Here's a third and 10. Working out of the gun, Smith and that is incomplete. Intended for Brock. It's just so hard to be a good offense in the NFL, Mike, when you are not good on third down. your inability to extend drives. It either puts a lot of pressure on your coaches to be aggressive on fourth down or simply punt or take a field goal. You have to maintain possession and give you more cracks to score touchdowns. That is incomplete. They couldn't get the connection on board. Give the ball over on down. It's a turnover on the Chargers offense starting to trot out for this next possession. They start with the lead and the football and they do so with tremendous field position. It's first and 10. On the give, it's Harris and he'll find some way to turn this into positive yardage. Struggling forward for a pick up of about two. Two yds on the pick up. It's second and eight. from the 22. Now here's second and eight [Music] on play action. Now Herbert, he's got it at about the eight. He'll be taken down. But just like that, they are in business. First and goal and the Chargers first down. First and goal at the 5 yd line. And that throw just seems like the cherry on top of what has been an incredible day for this quarterback. And I wouldn't be surprised here late if we get to see the backup after this drive. And there's one guy in the stadium that has earned the right. That one taken in Maki. Touchdown Chargers. Make it four touchdowns for him on the afternoon. So add another touchdown and touchdown pass for that matter. He has thrown six already in this one. Amazing stuff. [Applause] after now from point. He's got it. The kick is Chargers will add one more onto their big lead. Chargers 45, Raiders 13. [Applause] After the touchdown, here's Dicker out to send this one away. Very good kickoff. Returnable from the four and he'll bring it out to the 22 yd line. That's where the offense will take the field. The Vegas offense ready to get rolling again. They'll see if they can put something together here. Beginning with first and 10. Gino to throw. That's to the right side and caught by Bowers and he's out of bounds. But they're going to spot this inside for 25. Brock Bowers. A big play to kick off this drive. 55 yds on the game. Over the course of my career early on, there was a handful of guys that were downfield threats in the passing game, but they did a lot of stuff in the run game. They were really good extra pass protectors, and if you threw him the ball, they had very short hands. But what we're seeing now is the ability to get deep and add layers into the secondary as a pass receiving threat and not only do damage before they catch the ball, but so many of these guys have tremendous ability after the catch. So, not quite first and goal. It's first and 10. They're pretty close from the shotgun. Smith, a throw right side taken in by Tucker. The best quarterbacks, Mike, they have an internal clock in their head. How does my protection match up with the rush and the route concept I'm trying to attack downfield? In this case, he's looking downfield, realizes quickly this ball's got to come out. Checks it down to his underneath drag. Picks up what he can. A second down throw for Smith. And a good job rallying to the football. Holden just a gain of a yard and sets up 89 Brock Bowers. It's a gain of a yard and it's third down. Man in motion here is Tucker from the shotgun. It's Smith. He'll try and get and he will get into the end zone. Smith on the keeper. Kino Smith. Touchdown Raiders. Well, it's not going to be enough, but at least they find the end zone at the end of a hard week's work. At least little payoff with a touchdown. Greg, Mike, you can just chalk this one up in the column of too little, too late. Give credit to this offense for not going down without a fight, but they're not going to have enough time to find themselves back in this one. Carlson now for the extra point. The kick is good and the Raiders will get just a bit closer. Five Raiders 20. [Applause] Here's Carlson. Now he'll kick this one off following the touchdown on the other end. Haskins now to return and he's brought down right the 25 yd line. Justin Herbert back out there. He and the Chargers getting set to go once more. And this defense might be about ready to wave the white flag. Nothing they have tried to throw at him has been successful. He just processes things so quickly making the right read seemingly every time. Harris the ball and he'll pick up two. 27 yd line. A gain of two brings up second and eight. Second down, eight yds to go. On play action now, Herbert right side and hauled in by Maki. Closing in on 200 receiving yards for the game. He's been out. That one good for a first down. Chargers. Now it just seems like this offense is piling on. I mean, after a day where they have completely dominated their opponent, a lot of offense would just be content with handing this ball off, but not this group. They continue to throw the ball and they continue to get chunk plays and they show they're not going to slow down until that final whistle blows. Brought down by Eric Stokes. A gain of seven brings up second down at the 50 yd line. [Music] [Applause] He'll come to the line now on second and two. [Applause] Another run here with Harris and he'll get it back to midfield. That's it. No gain on behind the line of the offense thinks that they can just kind of plow this one up there in the middle and keep the chains moving, but not on this defense. Not only do they not pick up the first down, but after suffering that loss, now they've got some decisions to make on third down. He'll try to run for it with Hampton. And it looks like he's going to have that first down. He will. Not by a whole lot, but he got it enough. And they convert on third down. First down. So third and two. Sometimes it's not about being fancy. You need your back to be a hero. Make sure no matter what, pick up the yards needed, convert that first down. Now, if there's an opportunity to pop it, great. But don't try to go for the home run and bring up fourth down. A give and here comes Harris. He'll be taken down after a gain of two. He was tackled at the 46 yd line. Two yds on the pickup. It's second and eight. [Applause] [Music] from the 46. Here's second and eight. [Applause] [Music] He'll give it to Harris again. And he'll get maybe about four yards out of that one. Lane closed quickly. Here comes third down. It's a gain of four. Brings up third and three. [Applause] Chargers Williams in motion. Herbert going to try to throw on third down. That one on target to Williams. He's got it. Williams. 11 yds on the connection there. It's good for a Chargers first down. Chargers first down. First and 10 at the 30 yd line. Mike, I think we make so much of all these fancy routes, right? The selling, the head fakes, getting in and out of the break. And while that's really important to create separation, that's really more of a man beater. That's when teams want to just play you one-on-one and you have to beat the defender. Against zone defense, like we saw here, it's a lot more simpler. Understand the concept of the play. understand where the holes in the defense are and get there and be friendly to the quarterback. And if you're open, stay open. That's NFL route running. That's what the best guys do. Work to do now as they come up on second and long. Out of the gun, here's Herbert who will try to fit in the slant and it was intercepted. It's the linebacker Germaine Pre and the Raiders are going to have it just past their 25. Even though that interception, it probably won't have much of an impact on the outcome of the game. But at least defensively, it gives them something positive to build off of because up until that point, this game's been a struggle. The Raiders offense ready to take over once again. They'll begin with first and 10. Now Smith, they'll look to set up the screen here and he's out of bounds up beyond the 40 yd line. Complete to Ashton about 15 yds to kick off the drive. It's a first down. First down. It's really been a one-sided game, but how often do we see in the fourth quarter the team that finds themsself down by a lot, they start to come alive. I think it's a combination of trying to end the game on a positive note, but also sometimes that defense getting a little laxidasical. He'll tuck it and take off. And nice work there. He'll go into a slide. will gain about seven a sevenyd pick up. Two minutes remain in the fourth quarter. We'll come back and finish this one off after this. Here's a second and three forthcoming to throw Smith. That one caught by Tucker and that's a first down. It will be a game of Trey Tucker. So, there's a saying in the NFL, Mike, short throw, long catch. And that's exactly what they wanted to go with here. Operate in the quick game. Don't stress the protection. And while he didn't get necessarily the big play, he does get enough to move the chains. Gino now on first and 10. That one down the field, but it is incomplete. Trey Tucker, the intended receiver, brings up second and it'll lead to a second down. This is one of those situations that plays directly into the hands of the defense because think, Mike, they know this offense has to be onedimensional. This has to be a pass. So what do they do? They bring in extra defensive backs. They clog up the back end and at the end of the day, there's just nowhere for the offense to go with the ball. And they'll take this down inside with 35. It's a gain of 10. Now the Raiders going to use the first of their timeouts and they'll get a chance to talk things over after picking up that first down. [Applause] Here's a designed run and he'll take this forward for about five on the keeper. And these are body blows on any defense. This quarterback has the ability to make guys miss and do a lot of damage in the run game. That's a nice pick up there. Chargers 28 yd line. Second and five. Man in motion here is Tucker. Throwing on second down. Smith. This one intercepted. Picked off by Tarhee. Still and his offense is going to be all set up with a short field and a chance to extend their lead. The Chargers take over first. It's not often, Mike, that everything breaks right for this type of return off of an interception, but boy is it beautiful when it does. I mean, look at the defenders just flip around and become blockers trying to spring their guy to the house. Great athleticism, some great moves on his part. I mean, he's going to have some of his offensive teammates looking over their shoulder for their position. The Chargers offense ready to come back out for this next possession. And still two timeouts left for the defense, but no real need to use them. They're not going to be able to stop the clock after that. On first down, it's Harris. A gain of four as he's taken down. RG Harris, the ball carrier. Christian Wilkins on the stop. A gain of four brings up second down at the 27 yd line. [Music] [Applause] They'll come up here on second down and five. [Music] Here we go. One final play. Throwing left side and it's taken in by Williams. And that's a first down. It will be a gain of eight. So this one is over. It's in the win column for the Chargers. They use a little home cooking here. They play a complete football game and are going to send their fans home quite happy. So, that'll just about do it for Greg Olsson and our entire team. I'm Mike Trico. You've been watching the NFL on EA Sports. For more, log on to easports.com. The Chargers are winners here. As we say, so long from Sofi.