Well, good afternoon everybody. We just had very frank conversation with the Senate and, uh, House Democratic leadership. Look, the principle at stake here is very simple. We have disagreements about tax policy, but you don't shut the government down. We have disagreements about healthcare policy, but you don't shut the government down.

You don't use your policy disagreements as leverage to not pay our troops, to not have essential services of government actually function. You don't say the fact that you disagree about a particular tax provision is an excuse for shutting down the people's government and all the essential services along with it. If you look at what Chuck Schumer has said in the past, consistently, it's whatever our disagreements are, let's negotiate with them.

Let's talk about 'em. Let's figure out a bipartisan solution. But you don't shut the government down. In other words, you don't put a gun to the American people's head and say, "Unless you do exactly what Senate and House Democrats want you to do, we're gona shut down your government." That's exactly what they're proposing out there.

Now, we have to remember, they're, they're very frustrated. They say that they're very frustrated about the fact that this negotiation has not taken place until today. But if you look at the original, uh, the original thing they did with this negotiation, it's a $1.5 trillion spending package, basically saying to the American people, we want to give massive amounts of money, hundreds of billions of dollars to illegal aliens, their healthcare, while Americans are struggling to pay their healthcare bills.

That was their initial foray into this negotiation. We thought it was absurd. We told them it was absurd. And now they come in here, uh, and saying that, "If you don't give us everything that we, we, that we want, we're gona shut down the government." We think that's preposterous. We think, we think it's totally unacceptable, and we think the American people are gona suffer because these guys won't do the right thing.

Now, I wana make one final point here. You will hear a lot from Senate Democrats, from House Democrats about the fact that American healthcare policy is broken. Well, we know that American healthcare policy is broken. We've been trying to fix it for the eight months that we've been in office. But every single thing that they accuse about being broken about American healthcare is policy that Democrats have supported for the past decade.

So, if they want to talk about how to fix American healthcare policy, let's do it. The Speaker would love to do it. The Senate majority leader would love to do it. Let's work on it together, but let's do it in the context of an open government that's providing essential services to the American people. That's all that we're proposing to do, and the fact that they refuse to do that shows how unreasonable their position is. I think we're headed into a shutdown because the Democrats won't do the right thing.

I hope they change their mind, but we're gona see. I'll let the Speakers, uh, say a few words.

Do you want to say a few words?

Right.

Well, first of all, we have to keep essential services functioning as well as possible if the Democrats shut down the government, and Russ has been tasked with making sure that's possible and you ask about negotiations. One of the things I admire about the President, but frankly, the entire team's approach during the conversation we, we just had with Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries was, you know, yeah, they have some crazy ideas.

Giving taxpayer money to illegal aliens for healthcare, that's a crazy idea. Funding transgender surgeries in Peru, that's a crazy idea. But they had some ideas that I actually thought were reasonable, and they had some ideas that the president thought was reasonable. What's not reasonable is to hold those ideas as leverage and to shut down the government unless we give you everything you want.

There were multiple times where, uh, leader Jeffries or, or leader Schumer would say, "You know what? We should be doing this." And the President of the United States would say, "Yeah, absolutely. Let's have that conversation, but we're gona do it in the context of the people's government being open. We're not gona let you take the people's government hostage and then give, give you everything you want." And that's really the, the, the state of negotiation.

Yeah, let's have a conversation. Let's have a negotiation, but we're not gona shut down the government because we won't give the Democrats everything they want.

Well, I'm highly skeptical that the president was learning about it for the first time, thanks to Chuck Schumer. But what I, what I will say is, look, we have put a $50 billion rural hospital fund into the actual, the big beautiful bill that we passed a few months ago. Because we know that under Biden administration's policies, there are a lot of small town hospitals, a lot of rural healthcare that was getting shut down and it was struggling.

We're trying to fix that problem. In fact, we're happy to work with Democrats to fix that problem. We wana work across the aisle to make sure that people have access to good healthcare. We are not gona let Democrats shut down the government, take a hostage unless we give them everything that they want. That's not how the people's government has ever worked.

That's certainly not how it's gona work under the Trump administrative.