Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-pat-robertson-cbn-october-24-2016

Pat Robertson: Well, it's a pleasure now to introduce a man who is in the news almost all the time, Donald Trump. Donald, it's so good to have you with us. Thank you for being here. Donald Trump

Donald Trump: Thank you. So, so great to be with you

Pat Robertson: There's something I've seen that you don't get any press on. When you built a great skyscraper in New York, you had the first woman, I guess she was a building supervisor, was she an engineer, or what?

Donald Trump: Well, I had the first woman supervisor and I was very proud of that. You're right, I don't get very much credit for it. But they don't like to mention that. But I've had many, many women in top positions and I'm very proud of it, and I think I was sort of one of the first, certainly very early on. And I'm... you know, it's something that is so great. And they did such a great job.

Pat Robertson: Well, you know I've built over a million feet of buildings and stuff, and this is big task. I mean, all those trades, but she managed all of that?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Pat Robertson: And she managed all of those.

Donald Trump: And that was a long time ago, don't forget. Today, you'll have women in charge, and they do a fantastic job. I have women today.

Pat Robertson: You were the first.

Donald Trump: I think I was the first, certainly of a major building in New York City, absolutely.

Pat Robertson: I want to ask you this: do you expect to have women in your cabinet and in key positions in your administration?

Donald Trump: Oh absolutely, without question. You know, I probably have 50%, maybe even more than that, right now, in executive positions at the Trump Organization, and we're a very big company. Very, very successful, and they do a fantastic job, and... but I have a tremendous number of women working for me at top levels.

Pat Robertson: They talk about, it's interesting, the Clinton Foundation, I understand there's a disparity in pay between women and men. Are you going to make sure that women get paid for equal work with men? There's not going to be any question in the federal government that there's equality, right?

Donald Trump: Well I do that, and frankly I have women... I have the opposite problem. Sometimes, I have women being paid more than men. I have a problem with the men, where they're saying the women are making more money than we are. So yeah, it just works out well and and they have been so incredible, something I'm very proud of.

Pat Robertson: What do you look for when you're picking employees? What qualifications do you look for?

Donald Trump: I look for energy. I look for honesty. You know about honesty.

Pat Robertson: Sure.

Donald Trump: I look for... but you know, they need that energy. Without energy, it just doesn't seem to work, to me. I just see that you need that drive, whatever it is. You certainly need knowledge. I love education when you can get it, but I've had people without great education that have done a great job. Also, but you... and I think there's a certain instinct that some people have you know you have that ability, whether it's business, where I'm involved, or hitting a baseball, or playing sports. You know, there's some people just with a certain ability. If you can find that person, it's a very special thing.

Pat Robertson: You did a program where one of your famous lines was "You're fired." I think it's important in business to hire the best people and train them well but also to, when people aren't cutting it, to do them a favor to let them go.

Donald Trump: It's true. It's so, so true. Oftentimes, they won't do a good job because they don't like what they're doing, or they don't have the aptitude or ability and honestly... you... they never love when you let them go, you understand that. It's funny. I've had people with me for ten years, and I paid them well and everything else and you can fire them easily, meaning nice and easy, or a little bit rougher or even quite rough. It doesn't matter. They wake up the next morning, they've been fired and, generally speaking, they're not too happy. In other words, they'll see you'll mention the name Trump, or whatever perhaps in your case, pad but they'll mention the name and they'll say, oh he fired me. Could you still known to them for firing rap so it's sort of an interesting thin,g but often times when somebody's not doing the job, the best thing you can do not only for yourself but for them, yeah is to tell them to go find something they like more.

Pat Robertson: Well, in the Veterans Administration, they didn't serve the needs of the veterans, yet a lot of those guys got bonuses. That's a crime.

Donald Trump: One of the worst run enterprises. You take a look what's happening with the veterans is so sad, and we're working with the veterans very closely. We have tremendous veteran support. I don't know if you know, even the polls are showing us, you know, way, way, way ahead with the veterans. We're going to work with the veterans.

Pat Robertson: You wouldn't hesitate, I mean you know, if those people weren't serving the veterans, cheating and lying, to fire them. Can you do that under civil service rules?

Donald Trump: Well, in Phoenix, the answer is in theory, you can't, but I'd do it anyway. In Phoenix, they have people who got caught stealing yeah and they couldn't fire them. Okay, they're going through a process right now, so I think it's terrible. Look, the rules have to be changed. The whole government has to change... become so bureaucratic, but there's a good example. The Veterans Administration is so poorly run. With us, it'll change.

Pat Robertson: We've got to change the civil service laws in some fashion, so that you reward ability and punish insufficient activity.

Donld Trump: That'll happen. That'll happen.

Pat Robertson: I was reading in the Wall Street Journal -- I think the reporter was Kimberly Strassel -- and she said, "Donald Trump knows more about constitutional law than Hillary Clinton!" How come? What's the deal?

Donald Trump: Well I think that's right. That was actually a very complimentary article I appreciated it.

Pat Robertson: But it's true.

Donald Trump: Well you have to I mean when you're doing business very interesting when you do as much business as I have you sort of learn really a lot about a lot and if you don't know things you're not going to be doing that as you said you built a million feet when you do that kind of work you get to know everybody you get to know from the Foundation's to the plumbers to the sheetrock right to the carpenters you know the whole thing I mean you get to know a lot but yeah I think she's probably right about that.

Pat Robertson: You know Hillary made statements in that debate concerning the Supreme Court.. She was asked "What is the Supreme Court" and she said well, it's an organization representing the whole nation and their principal task _ and I'm putting words in her mouth. I'm paraphrasing _ is to look after the little guys.. That's not what the Constitution says.

Donald Trump: I thought I gave a good answer and we talked about religious liberty, we talked about Second Amendment meaning I talked about and I thought Hillary did very poorly in that debate I thought it was not a good job.

Pat Robertson: Well, I went to Yale law school ahead of them, but she went to Yale law school and the Heller decision, for example, she wants to overturn Heller, and she said that Heller had to do with keeping guns away from little toddlers. That's nonsense!

Donald Trump: Right, absolutely right, she was giving that answer and I'm sitting there saying, "What's going on?" Look, Hillary, I don't want to say overrated. Why should I say anybody's overrated? But Hillary would do a poor job as president. If you look at the job she's done for our country, if you look at the Middle East and the disaster, that is, if you look at New York State where she was a Senator and she was going to bring jobs back to upstate New York. Take a look at what happened. It was a disaster.

Pat Robertson: But you know Heller, the DC law said only people with permits can have guns, and permits are hard to get, and even if you have a permit for a gun in your house, you have to disassemble it, so if a woman's got a gun, and a burglar comes in, she has to pick all those parts and get 'em in. I mean, it makes women terribly vulnerable.

Donald Trump: You know Heller, the the DC law said: only people with permits can have guns permits ,are hard to get. Even if you have a permit and you have a gun in your house, you have to disassemble it. So if a woman's got a gun and a burglar comes in, she's got to go and take it all the sorting, I mean it makes women terribly vulnerable, but she gave the wrong answer and I think I straightened the answer out. Yes, she gave the wrong answer and she wasn't called for it, but that's happened. A lot.

Pat Robertson: Well, if you're president, and we're talking guns and the Supreme Court, so that Heller decision was one, and the law, we're talking about the 2nd Amendment, they talk about a well-ordered militia and then they talk about the right of the people to keep and bear arms should not be curtailed, so with Heller, this has to do with the 1st, I mean the 2nd Amendment freedom to own guns personally. A lot of those judges thought it had to do with the militia.

Donald Trump: Well, it's true and actually Judge Scalia is the one that was so involved and I don't know if it was his last decision. It was one of his latter decisions, but you know where I'm going to replace. As you know, and I've been very strong, he was sort of a role model from the standpoint of what I'm looking to do and he is replacing our judges and one of the important things I think about when we think in terms of the Supreme Court pad That is such an important element of this election.. This president, whoever it may be hopefully it'll be me, is going to be replace to three could even before mm-hmm and we could even before Supreme Court judges, I mean perhaps more than anyone. I even heard the scenario it can be: five.

Pat Robertson: You said in Gettysburg today that you would appoint from that [the Federalist Society] list. Is that right?

Donald Trump: The Federalist Society vetted very carefully great scholars, pro-life, very, very fine people. Second amendment -- and you know, I think, a very good list. We have a list of twenty judges and all been vetted by Federalist Society and I think yeah, it's gotten great. It's gotten great marks.

Pat Robertson: Something else that Hillary did. She took the radical feminist view in relation to abortion, and she didn't back off one iota in that debate, not one, and you called her out on partial-birth abortion, and she said it's not as bad as you said. But the truth is it's worse than you said.

Donald Trump: Probably worse. It's probably what counted to her wasn't bad at al. I mean it wasn't even like a little bit.

Pat Robertson: The actual partial birth is the baby is about two-thirds already born in the birth canal. The doctor turns it around to get its head, punches the back of its skull, and then evacuates the brain, and it is the most barbaric thing, and to defend that and say that's a woman's right...

Donald Trump: And I said it very strongly a lot of people in. I must say I've been called by a lot of pastors. I'Ve been called by priests, thanking me because they said they've never heard anyone explain it quite the way I explained it.. So if you can help get the word out.

Pat Robertson: She defended that barbaric practice of partial birth and then she defended Planned Parenthood. $500+ million? It's terrible.

Donald Trump: Well, according to the rules of Hillary, you can take the baby at nine months and you can imagine what you have to do to that baby to get it out, and you can take that baby at nine months and you can abort. And a day prior to birth, you could take the baby. And I said it's unacceptable. A lot of people, even on the other side of that issue, agreed with me on that

Pat Robertson: I think the majority of people now at least fetal viability. Beyond that, the majority of women do not stand for abortion on demand. Up to that point, they say, well, I'm pro-choice, but you have said you're pro-life, unashamedly pro-life.

Donald Trump: I'm pro-life and I'll tell you, I see more and more people going that route, and you see it too. You know when you talked about as an example other things where they become less and less popular or more popular. The whole pro-life movement is becoming more and more politically popular in terms of politically popular, which actually surprises people through and you're, seeing it too, I think, but it's become more and more standard politically, and I think that's a great thing.

Pat Robertson: You know, Hillary is playing to women. Are you seeing any shift in women towards you in relation to these issues, because I would think the average woman loves children, and I have fourteen grand children. I have nine great grand children. I love those children. And to think you'd want to slaughter those children? It must, the average woman is compassionate and loving.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll, let you know on November 8th the evening of November 8th, all right and we'll see how does it, but I think we did very well in the debate. We'Ve gotten great marks with a lot of people said. Most people said we won that debate pretty easily. It may be one of the reasons we wanted was pro-life. I think so.

Pat Robertson: You were so well-positioned. Most people don't talk about it. Don't want to talk about it, but you did.

Donald Trump: That was the first question. It's very interesting. That was the first question of the evening now.

Pat Robertson: Let's talk about your growth plan. You're going to grow the economy. You said about 25-million jobs. You laid out in Gettysburg today your plan. You want to give us two or three points of what you're going to do?

Donald Trump: First of all, I have to say we have to negotiate renegotiate trade agreement. Yes an afternoon. These trade agreements are just sucking the jobs right out of our country in Virginia and every other place and they're just taking our jobs. So we have to renegotiate trade agreements and if we can't make the right deal, we're going to end it and will I want to be free. Trade -- I'm a hundred percent free trade. But these deals are horrible.. What's going on now, they want to do TPP, Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is going to be another disaster. All standard equipment All standard, and that will have something goes from the gold standard to then she heard me talking about it and now she goes against it. But if she ever once you'd sign it in a heartbeat, she'd sign it in a minute we're going to be substantially cutting taxes not only for the middle class but for business. We'Re bringing it down from thirty five percent to fifteen percent, and that will be such an unbelievable because our businesses that are leaving this country because taxes are too well, they can't compete. It can't compete. They can't compete massive regulation cutting another problem. You know one of the things that surprised me most in going around meeting big business owners, small business owners if they had their choice between the tax cut and the regulation cut, they would take the regulation. That's how bad regulation is. It must, as a half a trillion to the drain, Alico its know much more than that more than theirs, so massive, the amount of money that our that this country, not even forget the money, the jobs, the businesses that we lose because of regulation and our businesses Can'T compete well, why do they keep our? They are so opposed to this. It looks like it's common sense. Huh, it's almost become an industry regulations become an Indian. I mean one of the things that we have anywhere from three to five trillion dollars offshore outside of the country and companies that we have here can't get the money back. They can't bring it back because of bureaucracy and because of the high tax and it's billions, and it's really trillions of dollars. It's at least it's probably at least three could be five.

Pat Robertson: Why do they keep, why are they so opposed to this [deregulation]? It's just common sense. American companies, they've got to pay federal tax, state tax, sometimes city tax, and all the other taxes that go along. Of course they can't compete. Obama I understand had about 26-hundred regulations in the hopper that he's going to personally put in before his term ends. Is that right?

Donald Trump: It's okay. He'll do it with the executive order, and I'll undo it with an executive order. It's the only good thing about his executive orders. You can undo them very rapidly.

Pat Robertson: So your plan is when you take office, you will undo those executive orders?

Donald Trump: We have no choice. Look whether it's on the border or regulation. We have no choice. We have to the regulations are killing our businesses. Our businesses can't make it they can't expand. You can't start new businesses today, it's very hard to start a new business because of regulation, so we have to we're going to cut the regulations down very substantial okay, you need them for safety and you need them to a certain extent, for the environment, to a Great extent, certainly, but we are so over regulated, then our businesses can't compete.

Pat Robertson: I know I started a few IPOs that were real successful and right now Sarbanes-Oxley makes it so difficult that if the average company wants to go to London or someplace besides New York. New York has lost a lot of business because of that.

Donald Trump: We're losing it, and we're losing it rapidly. So it has to happen.

Pat Robertson: In military matters, there's been proposed a no-fly zone over Aleppo and those beleaguered cities in Syria. And I don't know if Hillary's for it or not.

Donald Trump: I think she said she may have been for it. Look. The whole thing with Syria is crazy. Syria wants to fight Isis. Russia is now a Syria Iran, which we made a powerful nation country. In a matter of moments, I mean Iran was in big trouble with Kerry and Hillary. We made them. This oranda is one of the worst deals ever so they're powerful. So then, now with Syria, we want to fight Isis but you're, fighting Isis and you're fighting Syria and you're fighting Russia and you're fighting Iran. We have people, they don't know what they're doing and then we go into Mosul and we tell them we're going to go. Ataque Mosel for four months we've been saying we're going to attack so everybody in mozo that we wanted. We need. The leaders of Isis have gone yeah and you see, what's going on, you see how badly that fight is going they're using human shields, they're all dug in whatwhat about the element of surprise. Will we go in and we do the job the right way, but we've been hearing about Mosul now for months that we're going to attack and they've been plenty ready and it's turning out to be a very tough deal. It'S so sad. The way our country is run, it so said the decisions we make, but there's a decision. If you want to go into Mosul, you don't tell people for four months now they're having a hard time and they're really dug in and the people that we wanted. The leaders of ISIS are gone,

Pat Robertson: Would you keep the same defense team in place, or do you find you've got other people in mind to run it?

Donald Trump: I think we put new people in but look I'm sure some of the generals are excellent I have over 200 generals and admirals endorsing me. I'm sure some of the generals are excellent but I think they have very poor leadership and I think it's being run by Obama.

Pat Robertson: There's no question. We've made some really serious matters... You know apparently there's been a great deal of deception. There's been so many lies. The Obamacare, if you like you doctor, you can keep him, if you like your health plan, you can keep them. total lies. You mentioned in one of the debates that Gruber was laughing about the fact that he was lying about what he was doing, but there have been lies with regards to the Iran nuclear deal...

Donald Trump: There's lies on everything having to do with it. How about Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare was laughing at how stupid the American people are for agreeing to this for doing this, and that was a year ago, two years ago and now he's gone. Obamacare is a disaster rates are going up, 60, 70, 80 %. The deductibles are so high. You can't use it it's it's a terrible thing, we're going to repeal it and replace it.

Pat Robertson: One last question. I know you've got to do a rally. There have been so many lies. Excepting national security, which is a totally different ballgame, would you make a pledge as president not to lie to the American people as president?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think it's a great pledge. I think it's a great pledge -- and you know it's a pledge that I would like to make, but I will say this some of the well, maybe you just don't say anything as an example with Mosul with the way they've had -- and I know I understood and You said, except for that, just because you have to do sometimes what you have to do for the safety of our people in our nation sure. But no you don't want to lie to the American people. You know. Obama lied about Obamacare in many ways he lied. Frankly, if he didn't like he could have never gotten it through, because the Democrats went along because they actually believed him. they're very unhappy with it. Obamacare is falling of its own weight, but we're going to terminate it we're going to repeal it and replace it.

Pat Robertson: I appreciate so much your being here Donald. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much Pat. Thank you.

Pat Robertson: God bless you.