Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-colleen-marshall-wcmh-columbus-ohio-october-20-2016

Donald Trump: Hi everybody. Good to see you. Colleen.

Colleen Marshall: Good morning, Mr. Trump. Colleen Marshall. NBC4. Nice to meet you. This is Mike Klug. In the debate last night, you raised questions about whether or not the election system could be rigged. We have a Republican Secretary of State who says it's virtually impossible to rig an election. Is this a dangerous message you're sending to people that election might be rigged?

Donald Trump: Yes, he's excellent by the way, I have to tell you and maybe in Ohio, it's fine, but in many places throughout the country they do have problems and I'm actually here to talk about it during my speech, so I think you'll find it very interesting.

Colleen Marshall: What is your evidence of that?

Donald Trump: Well, you have a lot of evidence and I'm going to be talking about it during my speech, so you'll watch.

Colleen Marshall: Okay. Ohio Senator Rob Portman is one of the people who withdrew his support for him after the Access Hollywood tape came out. How much is it hurting you, that these Republican leaders are trying to distance themselves from you?

Donald Trump: Well I think they're doing themselves a tremendous disservice. We're actually substantially in Ohio. We have tremendous support from the people. And I think they are doing themselves a tremendous disservice. We have a couple of cases where people that aren't supporting me, they're losing and I'm winning states. And you're seen that. It's all over the place.

Donald Trump: So, you know, I was very disappointed in Rob, but he's free to do whatever he has to do. You're doing fantastically well in Ohio. Rasmussen just came out the poll. We're 3 up nationwide. And IBJ just came out, and we're one up, and that was the most accurate poll of the season last year. So I think we're doing really well.

Colleen Marshall: Last night, it was pointed out in the debate that financial plans, experts say, would put America in a worse position than those of Hillary Clinton, even though she's not getting high marks either. Do you agree with that? I mean, are you concerned...

Donald Trump: No, I totally disagree. We're going to lower taxes very substantially for Ohio and everybody else. Our taxes... we're the highest tax nation anywhere in the world. So we're going to lower taxes very very substantially. We're also lowering business taxes. The businesses now are leaving. They're going to Mexico and every place else, because the taxes are so high

Donald Trump: So when we do this massive tax cut, this massive regulatory cut, which is a tremendous problem, we're going to have jobs coming back in. We have a GDP of around 1 percent. You saw the last quarter. It was around 1 percent which is record setting low, almost record-setting low.

Donald Trump: We're going to have gross... look, we're going to have a tremendous GDP. It's going to be maybe 4 percent, and it could even be higher than that. If that happens, then our nation will be booming again. We have the weakest recovery in our nation since the depression. Since the Great Depression. People are looking for jobs.

Donald Trump: Look at the kind of crowds we're getting as an example right here. They're looking for help. They're looking for the jobs. Our manufacturing has been stripped out of our country. Our jobs have been taken out of our country. So. My plan is lowering taxes. Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes they don't like her plan very much.

Colleen Marshall: But yet the experts say your plan is the one that really won't work.

Donald Trump: My plan will work. The experts are not really experts. They've been wrong so much over the years. My plan is the largest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan's plan worked Mine is similar. My tax cut could even be a little bit larger, but I think it's going to work, and it's going to be great, and it's going to put people back to work. And it's going to stop companies from leaving Ohio and other places.

Colleen Marshall: Nineteen days out from the election, you've been labeled a racist. You've been called a sexist.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Colleen Marshall: How do you respond to that?

Donald Trump: I am the least racist person you've ever met.

Colleen Marshall: Thank you.