Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wayne-t-jackson-impact-television-september-2-2016

Donald Trump: OK. I guess I'm all set. Thank you.

Wayne T. Jackson: Don't worry about it. They'd come here.

Donald Trump: Want to switch --

Wayne T. Jackson: No, no. They got you right there.

Donald Trump: Maybe I'll take this out, OK?

Wayne T. Jackson: OK, that's a better --

Donald Trump: Or I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll just put it there. Would you like me to address you as bishop or apostle?

Wayne T. Jackson: Either one.

Donald Trump: Either one's OK?

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah, either one. I'm fine with [Inaudible] Can we have a word of prayer before we start?

Donald Trump: Sure.

Wayne T. Jackson: Father God. We thank you, first of all for this day, allowing us to participate in your plan, your divine order. We thank You, Lord God for giving us safe passage at this point. We ask you that you take charge Holy Spirit over this interview. That your name be glorified. That your will be done in the name of Jesus, Amen.

Wayne T. Jackson: So --

Unidentified: OK. You can start.

Wayne T. Jackson: OK. Mr. Trump, I want to thank you for coming to Impact Network, giving us this interview and I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: It's my honor.

Wayne T. Jackson: The first question is that I want to ask you, are you a Christian?

Donald Trump: Yes, I am.

Wayne T. Jackson: You're a Christian.

Donald Trump: Yes, I am.

Wayne T. Jackson: You're a Christian.

Donald Trump: Yes, I am.

Wayne T. Jackson: Your Christian faith. Tell us a little bit about you know your conviction of being a Christian and --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm Presbyterian and I grew up in Queens New York and I went to First Presbyterian Church of Jamaica when I was a little boy. And I'd go to Sunday school religiously. I go all the time. My mother and father would bring me and there was just an amazing -- I had a great childhood but the church was very important.

Donald Trump: It was a -- something that was just automatic. And sadly Bishop, you don't see it today the same way. But Sunday school was something that you didn't think about. It was just something you automatically did.

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: I'd go to church with my parents. I was originally and still there. It's a very old church actually. It's a beautiful church, a beautiful white wooden church and I saw it about a year ago. I passed it. I was in that general area. I said I want to go past First Presbyterian Church but -- so, I had a -- a very Christian upbringing.

Wayne T. Jackson: How does your faith govern your daily life?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it does. I'm in a rough and tumble world as you know. There's probably -- we all are in our own ways but I live in a crazy world and a crazy life I'm having, and it's been a lot of fun and I've had a lot of success. And I think, that's why I'm doing this. I want to bring success to this country.

Donald Trump: This country is so far behind in so many ways, we're losing it. And certainly, if you look at the inner cities even driving up to your beautiful establishment, your beautiful church. You know, you see the closed doors and you see the trouble. I mean, you can look. That's what I do. I'm -- Number one I'm a real estate person and I -- I can look at an area and I can see and I can see the trouble.

Donald Trump: I can see the lack of jobs without looking at the stats and it's very sad. It's very sad to see and I will bring it back. I will bring the inner cities back. I'll bring a lot of things back that no politician is going to do. It's a different mindset.

Wayne T. Jackson: What is your impression as you roll by -- like this this whole strip? How you see the breaking buildings, even this whole block. This was -- this church now was -- is in a mall. This used to be a shopping mall 170,000 square feet and it --

Donald Trump: Amazing.

Wayne T. Jackson: Storefronts are closed down. I mean, what comes to your mind when you see things that?

Donald Trump: Well, it's very sad to me and I look at it. And again, from a real estate mindset, I say, wow, it's so much -- you know, you could see this thriving probably 30 years ago and like you said that's a big shopping center and you have your church here, and you've done a beautiful job and this is a vibrancy right here.

Donald Trump: But for the most part, it's in such trouble. It's -- honestly, it's unbelievable. You know, you see there's potential but the potential isn't being recognized and Detroit's having a very hard time. But there are many cities, inner cities that are having tremendous -- I mean, I could go through them so much.

Donald Trump: You see what's going on in Baltimore and you see what's going on in Oakland, and you see what's going on and so many. I mean, just so many and nothing's being done about it except talk. There -- the politicians keep talking, talking. Give me a vote and then, we'll see you in four years. So, I want to change that.

Wayne T. Jackson: Well, Mr. Trump, there is a racial divide in our country and it's evident that the tension is boiling over.

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: Case in point, the Reverend Pinckney in South Carolina, when he and his parishioners was in a Bible class and there was a -- a stranger came in. And you know, black churches have already always been, you know, loving.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Wayne T. Jackson: And the reverend and his community -- church community brought him in and -- and he turned around and kill the reverend and eight other parishioners. And then, we see the outpour of anger because this man said that he wanted to start a race war. If elected President, how would you bring this country together, race wise?

Wayne T. Jackson: Even your visit here is very controversial.

Donald Trump: Well, that was a terrible thing. And he was -- I think he was a sick -- you know, he is a very sick person to start off with. He's crazy. But the amazing outpouring of love after that event --

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That was a horrible event. It was a horrible tragedy. And you're right, they embraced him and then something went crazy.

Wayne T. Jackson: But would you --

Donald Trump: But you know, the outpouring, it really sent a signal because that was an outpouring of love. It was -- it was so beautiful to see what happened afterwards.

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah. There's no question about that.

Donald Trump: But what they have to do is we need spirit in our country and we don't have that spirit. We're really very much a divided country, and I think, one of the things bishop that's so important is jobs. We just don't have jobs. If you look at African-American youth we'd have 58% unemployment, 58%. And they really don't have much hope right now.

Donald Trump: And I will bring hope because I'm going to bring our jobs back but we need jobs and we need spirit.

Wayne T. Jackson: Well, OK. But if there is a situation where -- what the bible says, a healthy can stand. God made this country of great people.

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Wayne T. Jackson: White, Black, Hispanic, Asian, Native Indians, what would be your heart feeling to bring us together as one and to say that we -- we Americans that we stand together like America?

Donald Trump: I think, the President has to be a cheerleader for the country. Aside from everything else. You know, there's a lot of things happening but I think, the President of the United States has to be a cheerleader for the country. And you have to bring the Black and the White and the everything. You have to bring everybody together, different income groups.

Donald Trump: There's tremendous division right now and you probably would say that you've seen it as much as you've ever seen it. Maybe more than you've ever seen it before but there's tremendous division right now. Incredible. And I'll tell you, a lot of it has to do with the fact that certainly in the inner cities, there's no jobs.

Donald Trump: If you look at Baltimore, if you look at D.C., if you look at different places, there are no jobs. The jobs have left our country to such an extent that you have to see what's going on in Mexico. It's like the eighth wonder of the world. The factories that are being built, the plants that are being built, the car plants.

Donald Trump: We're not doing that here. We're not doing that. We're losing our manufacturing. We're losing our base. And it really puts people in a very bad position. But aside from that you have to be a cheerleader.

Wayne T. Jackson: I agree with you. If you give someone a job, and certainly, there is a lot of black males that are not employed and they want to take a family just like anyone else. Every, you know, law-abiding African-American mother, father, I want to see their child successful. But we have been feeling that most people in inner cities have been overlooked.

Wayne T. Jackson: We've been getting false promises now, three years from the Democrats and the Republicans. How can we believe you? You're saying that you are going to do something better when it comes to employing these African-Americans, whoever it may be. But I'm mainly speaking about our people because I live in this community.

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: I pastor people. I pastor a mother who may be working at a minimum wage job and she just trying to make it work.

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: I pastor men who have been in jail, got a record, and then, they get out of jail and they go and they go get their lives together. And then, you turn around and see that they can't get a job. So, that runs them to unlawful acts. I mean, how would you -- how can we overcome that? Let me give you a case in point.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Wayne T. Jackson: There is a young man brought to me, his name is Kevin Brown. Kevin Brown at 17 years old went and committed an armed robbery. He did his time. He got out went to Wayne State University, graduated top of his class, didn't turn around went back and got his degree in accounting, forgive me. Then, he got his degree and he went to -- went to get a job.

Wayne T. Jackson: And they say, looked at his application. Wow, you're qualified. They did a background check on him, saw he had a record. They fired him. Kevin works for me now. He works for me now and Kevin is one of the best employees I have. Very sharp. I mean, black men in this country seemed to be, you know, targets.

Wayne T. Jackson: They seem to be targets for police officers, targets for racial discrimination.

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: Well, how would you bring that together?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a very rough situation that you have. And I know -- you know, a lot of people went to prison and they have that on their record and you can understand both sides of it. And Clinton, with the crime bill that was passed, you know, he takes a lot of -- takes a lot of -- a lot of people don't like what he did years ago.

Wayne T. Jackson: But how would you help that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think, what you do and I think what I do, why I'm different is that I'm not a politician. And being a nonpolitician sometimes you will say, well, he's too direct. But being a nonpolitician, I think, that's a positive thing because we can get things straightened out. Again, the problem that Kevin has is there aren't enough jobs.

Donald Trump: So, he's got that on his resume which is a negative. Let's face it. It's a negative, and so, people that are employers have the pick. They can do whatever they want to do. Once you have the jobs and the people coming in that are going to create the jobs, they'll be taking Kevin. They'll be taking everybody else.

Donald Trump: But right now, when they see that, they didn't see it at the beginning but they saw that the end. They consider that to be a negative. But we have to bring jobs back so that Kevin cannot just have, you know, maybe get one job. We can have a choice of five or six different jobs and he can get more money and higher wages.

Donald Trump: You know, bishop, right now, if you look back 18 years ago, people were making more money than they're making right now. You see it better than I would. But I mean, it's a statistic. Eighteen years ago, people made more money and they worked not as hard and they were younger. Now, they're older, many of my are working two jobs, and they're making less money.

Donald Trump: It's going in reverse. It's supposed to be going, you know, as you get older, you're supposed to maybe ease up a little bit, right? But they're older, they're working harder, and in some cases, they need two jobs. It's a -- it's just bad what's happened to the country and we have to turn it around and we have to create jobs.

Donald Trump: And then, somebody like Kevin will have his pick. They'll be wanting him.

Wayne T. Jackson: So, you're saying that you're going to -- you're going to create jobs. For African --

Donald Trump: Create -- we have to create jobs. We have no choice.

Wayne T. Jackson: And help these people --

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Wayne T. Jackson: Who have tried to make it off minimum wage jobs, trying to make it off jobs. You know, that they're taking time to get a family of four, five. I see mother -- we have a -- we have a food bank here. My wife and I are very benevolent. God had blessed us. I see the breakdown in the family, the breakdown in the minds of the people.

Wayne T. Jackson: If you don't give a man hope, a man is going to go do something else.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, what you do is amazing. African-American people that are really talking about a very similar product -- you know, thing because we can't -- they can't get -- one of them makes product, OK? And they can't distribute it. One of them can't get the help because of certain problems they have. I mean, it's all things that you would think would be pretty simple to solve.

Donald Trump: But it's very, very hard for them. You know, a lot of it is special interests because the special interests have companies and they want to move the companies. They want to move them to different countries because they get certain advantages and a lot of it has to do with special interest groups. The good news is very few of them represent me. I can tell you that right now.

Donald Trump: But being a nonpolitician is a big thing. This is the first time that's going to happen. Don't forget, you and I would have had the same conversation 10 years ago, 20 years ago, 30 years ago about the inner cities that we're having right now.

Wayne T. Jackson: As an African-American, I care about all people but I care about my people also.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: They have been overlooked. People have taken them for granted. Mr. Trump, every law-abiding African-American believes in and support our law enforcement agents.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: Recently, we have been seeing a flare of uprising of -- a lot of riots have been taken place because of some of the questionable shooting  the unarmed black men. On one case, you even said that, listen, that looked like that that was Castillo. That was very questionable.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Wayne T. Jackson: And every African-American, we love our law enforcement. But again, we see questionable shootings of unarmed black men. And then, we turn around and see a white man takes and rape a girl -- unconscious girl for what? She -- but unconscious -- to six, I guess, six months. He does three miles.

Donald Trump: Right. I saw that.

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah. That is crazy. I mean, I mean, what would you your Justice Department look like? Are we going to -- I know you stand up for the law enforcement guy and that's good. We all want to have that.

Donald Trump: For the inner cities more than anybody because the inner cities are being hurt by crime. You know, it's interesting. When you look at Chicago and you look at the tremendous number. They've had 2,800 shootings since the beginning of the year. People have been hit by bullets. That's like -- that's worse than worse.

Wayne T. Jackson: And we're tired of that.

Donald Trump: Oh, it's true. So, we need the law enforcement and I'll tell what. I know, I have so many African-American friends that actually have great respect and love the law enforcement because they want it. They want more of it because they have to. You can't walk down the street and get shot.

Wayne T. Jackson: But when we take these officers who's shooting a man that's running in the back.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Terrible. I saw that. I thought it was terrible.

Wayne T. Jackson: You said that. You said that.

Donald Trump: I thought it was terrible.

Wayne T. Jackson: You found that --

Donald Trump: I saw a number of them. I saw a number of them, all three. I mean, you mentioned the other one who was shot in the car.

Wayne T. Jackson: And how about the man that was laying -- he was laying in the street?

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Wayne T. Jackson: Both arms and feet up and they still shot him.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Terrible.

Wayne T. Jackson: This is crazy. What would you do -- I mean, how would you stop? You know, we don't want the support. I don't care who it is, wrong is wrong. Right is right. How would you say, listen, this would not be tolerated. If I'm elected President, I would not allow no one whether they have a badge or what to do something like that.

Donald Trump: Well, that was a bad one. I mean, there have been a number of very bad ones and you see them now maybe more than ever before because of cell phone cameras and camera, even -- even when they wear the cameras, the police wear the cameras. You need training. You have to have training.

Wayne T. Jackson: Will you do that?

Donald Trump: You have to have training. You have to have better training, obviously, than what they have. The one problem is, you'll always have bad apples. You know that. No matter how good we are, no matter how good. And remember that, you know, for 100,000 good acts, if there's one bad act, that act -- and you and I are talking about the same act because I didn't like them.

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah. You said that.

Donald Trump: Maybe better than you and I said it. I was very open and I'm very strong for law enforcement but I was very open. I saw some of these things. I said that's not, that's not right. You didn't even mention -- a couple I could mention more than you mentioned. I mean --

Wayne T. Jackson: Yeah. I mean, the officer the other day there was a man on the railroad track. I don't know if you saw that.

Donald Trump: I saw that.

Wayne T. Jackson: And a train was coming. He wanted to kill himself. This was a heavy guy.

Donald Trump: I saw that.

Wayne T. Jackson: This officer was trying his best to pull this guy off the tracks before the train hit him.

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: And at the last minute, it's a split second, bam, he got him out the way. We have a lot of heroic acts that our police officers do. But then, we have some that feel like that --

Donald Trump: It's true.

Wayne T. Jackson: I'm wearing this badge and I'm going to shoot you and we need to have something -- the African-American community want to know. If Donald Trump is elected President, will he make sure that not only standing with the law enforcement --

Donald Trump: Right.

Wayne T. Jackson: But we want to make sure that he will stand up for all people.

Donald Trump: Well, I will. And I will say this. Again, you're always going to have bad apples.

Wayne T. Jackson: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: We have to all understand that because nobody just said nothing like that will ever happen. But I will say, it's such a rarity. Now, the difference is when that happens, it's on television, it's played, you know, over and over and over again because we do have -- as you know, better than me maybe. You have wonderful police who are doing a wonderful job.

Wayne T. Jackson: Detroit Police Department under Chief Craig. Wonderful.

Donald Trump: They do a wonderful job.

Wayne T. Jackson: Wonderful job.

Donald Trump: But it is training. And and if you see something, if they -- 'cause sometimes, you can spot people. As you know, you can spot people and they see somebody that they think is going to be a -- trouble, they have to do something about it.

Wayne T. Jackson: So, your Justice Department, will you put together a special force to say, listen, we want to get the bad ones out. We're going to train the good ones. Sensitivity, you know, and diversity. I mean, would that be on --

Donald Trump: I think, conceptually, that would be good. I think a lot of times, for instance, some of the people that came over and did such damage, they came over from Syria. They came over from wherever, San Bernardino as an example. They knew that these people were trouble. But nobody reported them. The guy from Orlando.

Donald Trump: You look at what happened in Orlando. He was a very bad guy. He was a very troubled guy and nobody reported. But if there's some form of -- of doing that where you try and weed people out before a problem happens. But, no, there are things that happened that I don't like seeing at all. I don't like seeing them at all.

Wayne T. Jackson: Looking at the recent conventions, the two conventions. We had the Republicans. We had the Democrats. If you looked at the Demo -- at the Republican convention, it was mostly white people. Look at the Democratic convention, you had Black, White, Hispanic, Native Indians, and so forth and so on. It seems like there's a contrast there.

Donald Trump: I noticed it.

Wayne T. Jackson: OK.

Donald Trump: I noticed it.

Wayne T. Jackson: And how did you feel about that?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't like it and I'll be honest with you. Again, I'm not a politician. You know, I campaigned. I beat a lot of people. I got the nomination but I'm not a politician. I'm a person that's been very successful. I built, you know, great -- a really great company and here I sit. But the truth is, I didn't like it. With that being said, I don't like the job the Democrats have been doing, representing African-American people, and frankly, Hispanics and others.

Donald Trump: Because if you look at the inner cities and if you look at the poverty, the poverty rate of 40%, 58% of black youth can't get jobs. You know, you look at what -- the, by the way, the crime rate is through the roof and going much higher. So, you know, in one -- say, I'd say a lot of representation of African-Americans and the other thing, what have they done for the African-Americans?

Donald Trump: They've done nothing. That's why I sort of say now when I make speeches, I made a speech the other day and I said, what do you have to lose by choosing me? It's not going to get any worse. I mean, I was going over the statistics. The crime is through the roof. Everything is made --

Wayne T. Jackson: Why don't you see it like that?

Donald Trump: Some people didn't like it but I say it proudly. I said what do they have to lose? What does anybody have to lose? You have massive crime, record-setting crime, you have all of these problems. You have poverty that's horrible. You have bad education in the inner cities. You have -- everything is bad. Everything is bad.

Wayne T. Jackson: But I -- I --

Donald Trump: When I say to people, what do you have to lose? What I'd say though is, what do you have to lose? I'll fix it. I'm going to make it better. That's actually a statement of hope. But honestly, you look at some of these statistics and it can't get any worse. I mean, you can go to war-torn countries and it's safer to be in those.

Donald Trump: Where you go to Afghanistan and it's safer than being in certain of our cities. So, I really do. You know, I mean, some people have said, oh, gee, maybe, that's not nice to say. But I mean it. It's not going to get any worse. I met with the people in Philadelphia yesterday. An incredible mother who lost a son to an illegal -- a daughter to an illegal immigrant.

Donald Trump: This woman was in -- incredible what she's gone through. And I look at the kind of treatment that she's gotten since this happened. It's terrible. It's terrible. And so, I do say, I will make it better and I'll fix it. I say it and some people say, oh, gee, that's not nice. But my attitude is --

Wayne T. Jackson: And when people say, people say, well, Mr. Trump you say you're going to fix it. You're going to make jobs. But they'll say you have not laid a policy out. What's the -- are you put out --

Donald Trump: Well, my policy is jobs. My policy is jobs and my policy is I'm going to be a cheerleader for the country, and the country is -- a big part of the country is our inner cities that are dying so badly. They're dying. As you mentioned to me, I mean, if you drive down the roads and you look at these -- these places, it's, you know, it's very sad.

Wayne T. Jackson: Well, it's churches in -- when you look at the zip code is in one of the most distressed zip codes in the -- in Detroit.

Donald Trump: Well, that's what's so amazing in the job you've done and you have a packed house too which is exciting.

Unidentified: Last question, sir.

Wayne T. Jackson: OK. Let me ask this question now. There are -- there are some -- this is a good step. But let me ask this question. Two questions and we're going to close this interview. There is a perception that you are a racist -- presumption.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Wayne T. Jackson: Someone asked me. I said, well, I've never met Mr. Trump. I never met you but I heard some things about you from some African-Americans because I sat down and talked to them. I wanted to -- I wanted to know. And some people that I know who are -- you know, for the blacks. You know, I said, if Mr. Trump -- is he a racist?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Wayne T. Jackson: And they begin to tell me stories and begin to see how you help black people. He told me, if I could mentioned this, it's about Jennifer Hudson and some things that happened that you've done that has not been told. Now, in front of everybody --

Donald Trump: The press hates those stories.

Wayne T. Jackson: Are you a racist?

Donald Trump: Absolutely not. I'm the least racist person that you've ever met. You know, a very big -- very important black leader called me racist and he knows me. And he then called me and said, could I come up and see you? And then, he apologized. And he actually apologized.

Wayne T. Jackson: Well, were you called a racist before you got in the race?

Donald Trump: Well, not really.

Wayne T. Jackson: Because I never heard of it.

Donald Trump: What happened is, as soon as you -- you know, run. Anybody -- look, they were calling Romney a racist. They were calling McCain a racist. They call everybody that's a Republican a racist. It's sort of manic. Usually, when they start to lose. You know, we're doing very well now. Our polls are one just came up today where we're leading by three points and our polls are doing very well.

Donald Trump: Especially over the last three weeks. And all of a sudden, it's getting more and more vicious because the better we're doing -- and we have a great campaign going despite a very, very dishonest media. But I will say, that it gets more and more so. But, no, I am the least racist person that you've ever met.

Donald Trump: And you can speak to Don King who knows me very well. You can speak to so many different people and they say, so many of my friends who are black, they say, you are the least racist person. But, no, I am the least racist person that you have ever talked to. That I can tell you.

Wayne T. Jackson: Well, I heard some stories and I feel that you need to let them stories get out as far as some of the things you've done for people.

Donald Trump: Oh, it's so nice that you say it and I appreciate it.

Wayne T. Jackson: No, I heard them and I was, you know, and again, I'm not trying to this -- this interview was all about getting the truth and try to the best of my ability. I am not a journalist but I'm just trying to share your heart with people.

Donald Trump: First of all, you're better than most journalists. And second of all, you are really a nice man because when I came here, I didn't know what I was coming to. I figured you could be, you know, somebody that would sort of put it the opposite way. Oh, I've heard bad stories and you're saying you've heard good stories and there are -- look, I love people and I don't care if they're White or Black or anything else.

Donald Trump: I don't care. But I so appreciate this interview the way you've conducted it. You know, I put myself in a position where I could have -- where you could have taken advantage of the situation. I really appreciate this interview and I very much respect you for doing it this way.

Wayne T. Jackson: Thank you. Before we close let me ask you one question.

Unidentified: That's the last question.

Wayne T. Jackson: One question, one more.

Donald Trump: That's OK. Let him do it. Sure.

Wayne T. Jackson: One more, please. There -- this is a good sit down. This is the beginning. I understand you went to black -- it was a school yesterday.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Wayne T. Jackson: And you go on to other African-American churches.

Donald Trump: Going to be doing a lot of traveling to African-American communities and churches.

Wayne T. Jackson: And they asked for you to come and now you've come. And so, you know, thank God for that. But there are known African-American men in this country that people respect like Marc Morial, the Urban League. Then, you have Al Sharpton. You have the NAACP.

Donald Trump: I think, Al Sharpton actually likes me. It's not cool for him to say so because he works for a certain network but I've always had a very good relationship with Al. And I think, Al Sharpton actually likes people. You know, who knows.

Wayne T. Jackson: Will you sit down if they ask you, would you make an attempt to sit down with the NAACP and these would be --

Donald Trump: I would do that. Sure.

Wayne T. Jackson: And then [Inaudible] of the --

Donald Trump: Sure. Sure. If I think they can be fair. With you, I didn't know. You're highly respected by the way just in case you didn't know that, right? But you are a highly --

Wayne T. Jackson: So, that's why you chose me.

Donald Trump: That's why I chose -- No, honestly, because I was really putting myself in a position that -- you know, who knows. That's why I so appreciate the tenor of the -- of the interview. I think, it's a very fair interview. Absolutely, I would be willing to do that and would have no problem whatsoever.

Wayne T. Jackson: I would hope that would happen because there are a lot of people that want to meet with you and we just thank you for this interview and God bless.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, bishop. It's a great honor. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Wayne T. Jackson: OK.

Donald Trump: He's a good man. Great man. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you.