Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-news-august-23-2016

Sean Hannity: Welcome, Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow, thank you.

Sean Hannity: Good to see you. All right, Mr. Trump, good --

Donald Trump: A lot of people.

Sean Hannity: You got a lot of people.

Donald Trump: A lot of good people.

Sean Hannity: By the way, we got one, two, three, four -- good to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Between the refugees that you said you will extremely vet and illegal immigration, I don't think there's any one other issue besides the economy and national security that's defining this election. You heard all of those statistics. Your reaction?

Donald Trump: I think it's horrible. I've gotten to know the families. Jamiel is a friend of mine, lost an incredible son who was going to go to one of the great colleges on a football scholarship and a smart young, beautiful guy. And he was shot in the face by somebody that just wanted to shoot somebody. In this case, they wanted to shoot somebody because he was black and it was a disgrace and he shouldn't have been in the country, wasn't supposed to be in the country.

Donald Trump: And, you know, whether it's Jamiel or so, many others that have been just, you know, their lives have been destroyed by this. And I hope -- I hope in the case of Jamiel, I hope it's not destroyed. But how do you ever recover from a thing like that? And we can stop it. We have to stop it. You know, when I first went on June 16 -- thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: That was 2015.

Donald Trump: Yeah, on June 16th of last year when I talked about illegal immigration, a lot of people didn't know what I was talking about. And we started a dialog. I took a lot of heat, you know that, more than anybody you know that. And they started looking into it and all of a sudden they realized, I was right. It's a tremendous, tremendous problem and we want people to come into this country, Sean, but we want them to come in legally.

Donald Trump: They have to come in legally.

Sean Hannity: I want to talk about -- you've said a lot -- a lot of things about immigration. Let's start with, I guess, your signature issue on immigration which is you are going to build the wall.

Donald Trump: Yeah, 100 percent.

Sean Hannity: And I see that -- who's -- who's going to pay for the wall? All right. Here's -- Here's my question --

Donald Trump: Well, you know, what has been interesting, I've been watching over the last week or two and they've been saying, oh, well, maybe he won't build the wall, maybe he won't.

Sean Hannity: Jeb Bush said that, Jeb Bush said he'll never build the wall.

Donald Trump: Oh, he said that a long time ago. I think -- I think -- I think people now realize we're building the wall, it's going to happen. It's 100 percent. It's simple. You know, I tell the story all the time, The Great Wall of China; 13,000 miles long. This is 1,000 miles and we have caterpillar tractors to build, OK. This is 1,000 miles, it's 2,000, but we need 1,000. And it's so easy to do and it gets higher and higher and higher.

Donald Trump: Every time somebody says I'm not going to do it.

Sean Hannity: Here's an important question. I think the time frame -- if you get elected President of the United States of America, how -- According to the crowd, when.

Donald Trump: When, when --

Sean Hannity: Yeah, but here's my question, how long, how long would it take you to build that wall start to finish? You've done -- you're a builder --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm very good at it. Almost immediately. Now, if you would believe it, you know, they were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in 2006. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements. Can you believe it? OK. Now, we got lucky because it is such -- it was such a little wall, it was such a nothing wall, now, they couldn't get their environment, probably a snake was in the way or a toad or --

Sean Hannity: A turtle. Could have been a turtle.

Donald Trump: Something that you've probably never heard of. But something was in the way. And you think of China in the South China Sea, they're building this massive fortress. They're building this massive military fortress and they're digging that water, they're digging, digging. And you know what happened, they said, let's do it on Sunday and on Monday morning they started.

Donald Trump: So, in our case, look, that wall is going to start very quickly. I got -- as you know and we have a lot of the Border Patrol. We have -- we have a lot of Border Patrol agents here tonight and we have 16,500 Border Patrol agents. They know the border better than anybody. Their job is much easier without Trump because all they have to do is let everyone just keep going by. These are unbelievable people.

Donald Trump: They see what's happening. They see what's coming in and they want it stopped, they want -- look, they want people to come in, but they want the people to be vetted. So, here's the story. So, they endorsed me. First time in the history of the Border Patrol agents that they've endorsed anybody.

Sean Hannity: One of the Mexican --

Donald Trump: Well, one other thing we have --

Sean Hannity: The Mexican president --

Donald Trump: One other thing we have to say, and Mexico will pay for the wall. They're going to pay for the wall.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you about -- Vincente Fox -- by the way, the current President of Mexico said he would meet with you. Will you meet with him?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure. I'd meet with him.

Sean Hannity: You would?

Donald Trump: Absolutely, I'd meet with him.

Sean Hannity: How do you -- They're not going to write you a check. How do you get them to pay for the wall?

Donald Trump: Well, there are many ways. Look, look, on trade. They're absolutely killing us. They're killing us. They're killing us at the border. They're killing us on trade. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of close to $60 billion a year. So, right there you can build the wall because the wall is a fraction of that.

Donald Trump: So, you know, right there.

Sean Hannity: Here's my next question.

Donald Trump: We are losing -- we lose a fortune on trade and double or triple or something.

Sean Hannity: I have covered the border now for years on this program. I've been from the Rio Grande to San Diego and everywhere in between 12 times. I've been down -- I have seen drug warehouses, I have seen tunnels, we'll show some of the pictures. My next question is, and this is where you seem to in the last week be revisiting the issue of sending everybody back that is here illegally.

Sean Hannity: Tell us where you stand on that?

Donald Trump: We want to follow the laws. You know, we have very strong laws. We have very strong laws in this country. And I don't know if you know, but Bush and even Obama sends people back. Now, we can be more aggressive in that. But we want to follow the laws. If you start going around trying to make new laws in this country, it's a process that's brutal.

Donald Trump: We want to follow the laws of the country and if we follow the laws, we can do what we have to do. But Sean -- let me -- let me tell you. So, so, important. We've got some great people in this country, they shouldn't be here, they're still great people, all right? We've got some really, really bad gang members and some horrible people.

Sean Hannity: Start with them.

Donald Trump: Those people are going out Day 1, they're going to be the first order I sign. They're going out Day 1.

Sean Hannity: But I know this question has come up a lot. What about people that work hard, have been here a long time, they own homes, they have their property and this is a question everyone's going to want to answered, what about them? Do they have to go back or would you reconsider them?

Donald Trump: We are going to follow the laws of the country.

Sean Hannity: So, that means they go back?

Donald Trump: We are going to follow the law. And we're going to see who people are. We're going to see how they've done. Do you believe in a merit system, Sean? When people come in as an example, do you believe in the merit system? One of the things that's very unfair with leaving people is that you have years and years of people waiting on line.

Donald Trump: They've gone through a process and they've -- they've -- they've filed legally, they filed, and they're great people in some cases. I guess in some cases, maybe not. But you have really great people wanting and so proudly wanting to come into our country. And now what you'd be doing is you'd take people away from that line.

Donald Trump: And it's really sort of unfair.

Sean Hannity: Is there any part of the law that you might be able to change that would accommodate those people that contribute to society, have been law abiding, have kids here? Would there be any room in your mind or -- because I know you had a meeting this week with Hispanic leaders.

Donald Trump: I did. I did. I had a meeting with great people, great Hispanic leaders, and there certainly can be a softening because we're not looking to hurt people, we want people. We have some great people in this country. We have some great, great people in this country. So -- but we're going to follow the laws of this country.

Sean Hannity: And you know we --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: People don't realize -- what people don't realize, we have very, very strong laws.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, but Obama doesn't follow them.

Donald Trump: Nobody understands that. No, they don't follow them. But we're going to follow the laws.

Sean Hannity: We'll take a break. We're just getting things started. Donald Trump, with us for the entire hour. We'll ask them about today's breaking news about the Clinton Foundation, get his reaction to the devastating flood that he went to and he saw with his own eyes in Baton Rouge. When we come back, you're going to hear from mothers whose children were killed by illegal immigrants.

Sean Hannity: As we continue, we're in Austin, Texas. It's Hannity on the Road straight ahead.

Note: [Commercial break]

Note: [Begin video clip]

Laura Wilkerson: [Video clip] My name is Laura Wilkerson and my family became a victim of illegal alien crime on November 16, 2010. My youngest son, Joshua, was a senior in high school and had his whole life ahead of him. He went to school and never returned. At trial the killer testified on his behalf and gave exact testimony on how he systematically killed Joshua.

Laura Wilkerson: [Video clip] He first threw a punch in the face so that Joshua's vision was messed up and he could not go to the ground. Joshua went to the ground as his spleen was sliced in half. Next, he took a closet rod and beat Josh over the head again and again until the rod broke in four pieces. He waited and he watched him die.

Laura Wilkerson: [Video clip] He tied Josh's body up, stuffed it in the back seat of our truck, bought gas, dumped Josh in a field and set his body on fire. The killer went home, took a shower and went to see a movie. He talked about fear, you know, that illegals are afraid to come out of the shadows. You know, you don't want to know what fear is, you know, when somebody reaches in your house and grabs your littlest kid and tortures them, you're afraid of everything.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sean Hannity: That was the heartbreaking Congressional testimony of Laura Wilkerson, where she was talking about the death of her son, Josh. Laura is here with us tonight. Also with us, Agnes Gibboney is with us. Her son Ronald was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant back in 2002. Also, Mary Ann Mendoza, her son, Sergeant Brandon Mendoza was killed in 2014 by an illegal immigrant as well in a car crash.

Sean Hannity: Ladies, thank you all for being with us. Our hearts, our prayers, go out to all of you. At the start of this show, I put up numbers, those are statistics, this is real life, real experience. I feel, especially in the cases where these guys had criminal records, that your government betrayed you. What do you want to say to Mr. Trump?

Laura Wilkerson: They did betray us. Every one of our kids should be here with us today. This seems like fun to be here, it's not. I'd rather be home with my kid any minute. And this administration and Hillary if she's chosen, her administration will do nothing for Americans. And I really believe that Mr. Trump will do everything for the Americans.

Sean Hannity: During your trial, the guy that killed your son said he was proud. He said -- because he accused Josh of kicking his dog and that his culture is very different than ours and he was really excited that he had killed your son. I couldn't believe that when I read that.

Laura Wilkerson: It's horrific as a mom to sit there and see exactly what he did to your child it. He was happy about it. And let me tell you what, um, he was so unremorseful that just like the people that are flooding over our border will cut your head off in a minute, it can happen to your family just like it happened to mine.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. Mary Ann, tell us your story.

Mary Ann Mendoza: My son was an integral part of the community and his life was cut short by a repeat criminal and the loss has been felt for years. And you know Arizona is a big state for this type of problem. And I've had many meetings with Sheriff, Paul Babeu, and the statistics from the Border Patrol, and what I'm concerned about, Mr. Trump, is the country that we're going to be leaving our children.

Mary Ann Mendoza: I love my children too much to even think about what we're leaving them. Um, there -- there have been almost 6,400 apprehensions at the border this year alone from people who are not from Mexico or South America. They're from terrorist related countries. That's a huge concern of mine. The other is that, you know, we're so concerned about our president and our -- and our senators and whatnot, but we really have to start paying attention to federal judges because there are so many of them who are taking the law into their own hands on the bench and refusing to deport people who the Department of Homeland Security has recommended be deported.

Mary Ann Mendoza: And they absolutely say, no. There's been like 194,000 so far this year.

Sean Hannity: Any of you ever get a call from the government? Any president, anybody ever call you guys.

Mary Ann Mendoza: No, and I wrote two letters.

Unidentified: From the next president we got a call.

Mary Ann Mendoza: Yes.

Sean Hannity: Agnes Gibboney. It took you 13 years to come into this country, legally. You respected our laws and our sovereignty and you came in legally. Your son, Ronald, was killed by an illegal immigrant from Mexico, and by the way, who had been previously deported and our borders are so open that he was able to walk back across, which resulted in the death of your son.

Sean Hannity: Tell us about it.

Agnes Gibboney: My son was murdered April 27, 2002. When I found out this guy was here illegally and had crossed the border, I was outraged. This should not be happening. Our children should be protected, our citizens should be protected. Us Americans should come first. And add insult to injury, they treated families like we are the criminals.

Agnes Gibboney: We have no rights in a court of law. That's unacceptable. So, Mr. Trump, let me lay that first brick.

Sean Hannity: In the setup piece to this show, you speak passionately about this and you have met many mothers and fathers.

Donald Trump: I have, I have.

Sean Hannity: What is your promise to them if you're elected?

Donald Trump: Look, all we can say, because the loss is beyond anything that we can even think --

Sean Hannity: No parent should have to go through this.

Donald Trump: So, all we can say is that they will not have died in vain because we won't let it happen to others. That's all we can say. There's nothing else we can do.

Unidentified: I believe you.

Donald Trump: You know, one of the things I've heard, and I've heard this from almost everyone, from you and Jamiel and so many others, is that when the police, and you know I'm a big, big proponent and fan of the police, they're incredible. When somebody is killed, they are aggressive -- immigrant, they really lose heart because there's very little they can do. Hard to believe, there's very little they can do and I'm sure you probably feel that way.

Donald Trump: And I've had people say, oh, the police were so great until they found out that the person that did the killing is an illegal immigrant and then they all of a sudden pull back.

Sean Hannity: You were on the radio show today.

Unidentified: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And we had another gentleman his son was 21 years old. He was working in a quick mart, an illegal immigrant who was convicted of raping and holding a woman hostage for a week went to jail and they let him right back out on American soil, and because and because this guy's son didn't get the cigarettes fast enough, he killed him, right then and there.

Sean Hannity: That's got to stop. God bless all of you, we're so sorry for your loss and your pain. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you so, much.

Sean Hannity: When we come back, we'll hear from more mothers whose children killed by illegal immigrants, more reaction from Donald Trump as we continue from Austin, Texas. We're live at the Moody Theater, stay with us.

Note: [Commercial break]

Note: [Begin video clip]

Michelle Root: [Video clip] Sara was my only daughter. She was 21, she had just graduated from Bellevue University with a 4.0 The night of January 31, 2016 as she was coming home, she was rear ended by Eswin Mejia who was 19 years old here illegally, drunk driving, street racing. My daughter died instantly me. This is not isolated incidents, this is happening all the time.

Michelle Root: [Video clip] Our family does not have closure. We probably never will have closure.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sean Hannity: That was Michelle Root talking about the death of her daughter, Sara, and she joins us now along with Julie Golvach is with us. Her son, Spencer, shot and killed by an illegal immigrant in 2015. Also joining us Sabine Durden is with us. Her son, Dominic, was killed in 2012 when an illegal immigrant hit his motorcycle.

Sean Hannity: Are you OK?

Michelle Root: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Are you sure? That is a beautiful young girl?

Michelle Root: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Beautiful.

Sean Hannity: Tell us what happened? She had graduated on January 30 with a 4.0 in criminal investigations from Bellevue University in Omaha, Nebraska. Went out with some friends that night, she was coming home, stopped at a stoplight on L Street. That jerk was street racing, 70-plus miles an hour, blood alcohol level of 0.41. Three times the legal limit.

Michelle Root: Which is 12 because he was 19, he was not of legal age to be drinking. So, um --

Sean Hannity: What a beau -- look at the pictures. What a beautiful young lady.

Michelle Root: She was my baby.

Sean Hannity: She had her whole life, her whole life ahead of her.

Michelle Root: I have two children, she was my youngest and my only daughter, and out celebrating sitting at a stoplight and to have it taken. He was arrested, um, but then the judge set his bond pretty low, $50,000.

Sean Hannity: He got out in five.

Michelle Root: Ten percent, five. In Nebraska you don't have to secure the --

Sean Hannity: Well, $5,000. Kills this young woman, she's 19, 21.

Michelle Root: 21

Sean Hannity: And she gets killed the 21 and got out on $5,000 bail.

Michelle Root: In Nebraska, you don't have to secure the other $45,000. So, $5,000 is all he paid and now he is running free and my daughter is gone.

Sean Hannity: I'm so sorry. Sabine, what happened?

Michelle Root: Exactly.

Sabine Durdin: I'm a legal immigrant from Germany. I did everything right and my son Dominic -- and my son, Dominic was nicknamed German Chocolate because of his hair. Ashes with me to show what I have left of my family. I have no family left. That was my only child. The guy got nine months, five years? probation, and served 35 days for killing my child.

Sabine Durdin: He had a prior felony in two DUIs. And, Mr. Trump, you saved my life the day you announced you running because you mentioned immigration. I couldn't take the pain anymore. So, I want it out, and I walked past the TV and I heard Mr. Trump talk about illegal immigration and I dropped and I screamed and I said finally somebody's listening to us.

Sean Hannity: Julie, you actually brought your son's ashes with you.

Sabine Durdin: Yes, I did. He's always with me. I always wear the same necklace and there is a little bit of his ashes. So, he's -- I know he's -- all of our kids and there are thousands of other people's kids that have been lost because of illegal aliens. I don't call them immigrants.

Sean Hannity: By the way, Hillary won't say those words just like she won't say radical Islamic terrorism.

Sabine Durdin: Well, she has -- she has illegals on her stage and want us to feel sorry about families separated. What about mine? What about our families?

Sean Hannity: No sir. Surely -- you know, I just -- you know, I've gotten to know Mr. Trump's kids, I'm best friends with his son, Donny. We've become really good friends and Eric and I've known Ivanka for many years and I have two kids. There's nothing -- I don't -- words, words escape me and they never escape me because seriously because there's nothing worse than a parent losing a child.

Julie Golvach: Right.

Sean Hannity: Tell us your story.

Julie Golvach: My son Spencer, when he was 22, he started his own small business, Spencer's Guitar Shop. He was a musician, entrepreneur and two years -- two years into the business he also took another full time job working one of those jobs, Americans won't do. He worked in a warehouse full-time to keep his eight to nine employees staffed.

Julie Golvach: And he was my dreamer, he was my only child, and he was my dreamer. Now on January 31, 2015, Obama and Hillary Clinton's dreamer was decided to go on a shooting spree and shot four people and he didn't care what color they were, black, brown and white were shot that night. Two of the four were murdered and one was my son.

Julie Golvach: And as the illegal drove by he shot into the passenger side, my son was sitting at a red light waiting for it to turn green. He was less than a mile from his home.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Sean Hannity: Thank you. Are you OK? Come on.

Julie Golvach: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Are you sure? All right, come on. We love you everyone -- everyone here is praying for you. I know that's hard.

Michelle Root: Sean? Sean?

Sean Hannity: Yeah, go ahead.

Julie Golvach: I just want to say that the illegal alien that killed my son had been deported four times. He was a known gang member, burglary, assault, and on his third deportation, when he came back in, he went to federal prison, assaulted a man and was supposed to get an extended 20 year mandatory sentence. They gave him, the United States government, gave him a plea bargain to five years.

Julie Golvach: If they would have even given him half of his sentence, my son would still be here today. With all of that background, they gave him the minimum sentence.

Sean Hannity: Wow.

Donald Trump: Say hello to the family, OK?

Sean Hannity: All right, we're going to come back. By the way CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, MSNBC would never do a show like this. Did not tell you the truth. More with Donald Trump after the break. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of you. We mean that. Thank you so, much.

Note: [Commercial break]

Note: [Begin video clip]

Jamiel Shaw: [Video clip] On March the 2, 2008, my life changed in a twinkling of an eye. One minute I'm hearing my son's voice, be right home old man, I'm right around the corner. Next minute gunshots and Jazz is dead. I saw the hole in his head and blood everywhere. It happened so fast. Jazz was still holding his phone.

Jamiel Shaw: We learned the killer was an illegal alien gangbanger from Mexico.

Jamiel Shaw: [Video clip] Released from jail with a deportation hold, three gun charges, and an assault and battery on a police officer.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Sean Hannity: Welcome back to Hannity. We're in Austin, Texas. That was Jamiel Shaw talking about the death of his, 17-year-old, Jamiel Shaw, Jr. And we continue with the Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump. I saw your reaction both on air and off air with these victims. Let me give you the numbers. Illegal immigrant convictions, Fiscal Year 2015, 18 percent of all drug trafficking sentences, 30 percent of all kidnaping hostage taking sentences, 75 percent of drug possession sentences, 10 percent of money laundering sentences, 21 percent of national defense sentences, 5 percent of murder sentences according to the US Sentencing Commission.

Sean Hannity: Something's wrong.

Donald Trump: No, it's wrong. It's wrong and everybody knows it's wrong. And the other side, I don't know, I guess it's -- I guess it's politics.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. Hey, as long as -- I have a message for those guys. All lives matter, Mr. Trump. $113 billion a year, let's go over your specific agenda. You talk about E-Verify, you talk about the wall, you talk about -- what do we do with those that overstayed their visas, specifically?

Donald Trump: You have to get them out. You have to get them out, they overstay.

Sean Hannity: Do we have to track them?

Donald Trump: We have to track them, and you can track them. You know, modern technology is a great thing. You can track anybody, but people come into the country, they never leave and they don't leave. They're supposed to leave. People want them to leave. They may even think they're going to leave when they come in, who knows, but then they decide to stay.

Donald Trump: And in some cases tremendous harm, and in other cases, a lot of economic harm. So, we have to do something.

Sean Hannity: What else is part of this? We're going to do -- when it comes to future -- when visas, students. One of the things that I think this is interrelated, the whole issue of what you call extreme vetting.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: James Comey, James Clapper, General John Allen, Mike Steinbeck, the assistant -- the Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, all say that ISIS will infiltrate the refugee population like they did in Belgium and France and Germany and Britain in the --

Donald Trump: They're doing it now, Sean. Look, we're taking in tens of thousands of people that we have no idea who they -- who they are, where they come from and they're all over the place. And I don't know if you know it, but your government is accepting people and they don't even know where they're being housed, they don't know where they're being taken care of, they're being put in California.

Donald Trump: They're being put in different states. We go to Texas, you go to -- all over. You go to all over and -- and Sean, they don't know what's going on. Our government doesn't know what's going on. In the state of Texas -- we love Texas, right? We love Texas. But they're being put all over the place and our government officials, they don't know, they don't know, and it's very sad.

Sean Hannity: Should -- you know one of the big conflicts, Hillary -- Hillary Clinton claims that she has a monopoly of compassion. We got more protesters. Hillary Clinton claims that she has a monopoly on compassion for women's rights, gay rights, lesbian rights. But she took all this money from countries like Saudi Arabia where they tell women how to dress, they can't drive, they can't go to school or work and then they kill gays and lesbians just for being gay and lesbian, and you can't build a temple or a church.

Donald Trump: Well, the other thing about her is there's nothing -- you might as well let this get finished.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Might as well let the police do their job.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, they're about to do that. All right, all of Texas is conservative except a little bit of Austin. All right. Well, you got to admit Hillary Clinton doesn't have this much fun on the road, right?

Donald Trump: But you know, Hillary Clinton has no borders, there are no borders, she wants people to pour in, she couldn't care less. That's why the Border Patrol agents, they endorse me. They want -- they want people, her whole group, want people to just pour across the border like it doesn't even exist and we're going to have trouble like you've never seen before.

Donald Trump: And I'm not talking about necessarily border, I'm talking about from a much bigger center.

Sean Hannity: All right, let me finish this segment. I want to just stay on the specifics, anybody else want to get thrown out before we get started again? All right. Hey.

Donald Trump: This is a pretty exciting place.

Sean Hannity: I love it.

Donald Trump: I didn't know.

Sean Hannity: By the way, that was an audience member that escorted her out.

Donald Trump: This is great.

Sean Hannity: All right.

Donald Trump: Amazing.

Sean Hannity: All right, Mr. Trump, here's -- here's the most important question. Everything together, you're convinced we can stop all the illegal immigration and from those countries where they practice Sharia, when you say it's --

Donald Trump: Out. Over. Over -- over, out.

Sean Hannity: We'll take a break, when we come back from Austin, Texas, Hillary Clinton, believe it or not, as Secretary of State, half of her meetings just happened to be Clinton Foundation donors. Oh, really? And they found 14,900 more emails that should have been turned over years ago. Well, ask Mr. Trump about it next.

Sean Hannity: [Commercial Break] Welcome back to Hannity as we broadcast live tonight from the Moody Theater. Where in Austin, Texas with Donald Trump. All right, I got to shift gears a little bit because there's a lot of news. So, all these Clinton emails were supposed to be turned over years ago.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: Judicial Watch found another nearly 15,000 of them. Hillary -- about half of the people that she met with as Secretary of State, including the crown prince of Bahrain, um, were given access because they're big Clinton Foundation donors. You have called for a special prosecutor. Tell us what -- what your thoughts are, do you believe this is pay to play?

Donald Trump: Well, this is brand new that you're just telling me this and I'm not that surprised, but that's a tremendous thing when you hear over half of the people, is that what you said?

Sean Hannity: That she met with as secretary of state.

Donald Trump: That's incredible. Look, it's disgusting. It shouldn't be allowed what's going on with Hillary Clinton, there is no justice in this country. There is no justice in this country. Zero, and perhaps -- for her to have the privilege or the right to run for president with what she's done with deleting 33,000 emails and you can imagine what was on those emails.

Donald Trump: It is so sad and the whole world is looking and the whole world is laughing at the United States.

Sean Hannity: Well, she put -- we can argue she definitely put American security at risk. This was an email server in the bathroom of a mom and pop shop. She decided which emails to delete. We know through the interrogation of Trey Gowdy, of James Comey, the FBI Director, that she lied to the American people in this case at least six times.

Sean Hannity: And here's the question though, if -- if in fact -- if in fact Hillary Clinton was only allowing donors or allowing half the people that she saw as Secretary of State, do you believe that she was selling access to that office?

Donald Trump: One hundred percent. Look -- look -- And if you trace it, if you then trace it and you see the people that came in and what happened to those people, what did they get, because they were representing either a country or themselves, They got a lot, you just take a look, they got a Lot without question. They're not going there to say, gee, I just wanted to say hello, how's the weather.

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: These are sophisticated hardened people. They got a lot, they wanted a lot, they contributed a lot in order to get this kind of access, but they didn't get the access to say hello, Sean, they got the access because they wanted things.

Sean Hannity: When you --

Donald Trump: And if you trace it back, you're going to find out that they got plenty.

Sean Hannity: People know that I have the opportunity to interview you a lot, and they say please I love Mr. Trump, but tell them to be quiet about -- about Judge Curiel, about the media, about, um, Mr. Khan and only focus on Hillary and Obama. Now my question to you is, we've got less than 80 days to go. Are you focused only on those two?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I have to be who I am, I mean, you know, to be honest. So -- And I think that's why I won the primaries. I think that's why I got more votes in the history of the Republican primary, nobody's gotten as many votes. I have to be who I am, but this is now about Hillary Clinton versus myself and, you know, I win.

Donald Trump: I win in life, I win. I want to win. I have a very winning temperament, OK. I know how to win, and we are going to win.

Sean Hannity: I don't think --

Donald Trump: And we're going to make America again. You know, we are going to make America great again, that's what it's all about.

Sean Hannity: You have these debates coming up. How -- how important do you feel these debates are for this campaign? Do you think it could put you over the top? Are they -- are they game changers?

Donald Trump: Well, we're doing well. You see the polls came out in the Los Angeles Times. We're up two. We're, uh -- we seem to be doing well. Um, I can't tell you how important, I can say that I've enjoyed debating. I had 11 debates as you know, the last time and I did quite well. And I think they're going to be very important.

Donald Trump: I really -- it looks like it's going to be three debates. I look very much forward to it. It will be a very interesting that especially the first one is going to be a very interesting evening. They think it's one of the -- going to be one of the highest rated shows in television history we'll find.

Sean Hannity: Probably.

Donald Trump: But I look forward to the debates, I think they're going to be very important.

Sean Hannity: We got to take a break our final moments with Donald Trump this hour as we continue from Austin, Texas, straight ahead.

Note: [Commercial break]