Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-news-august-9-2016

Sean Hannity: All right and joining us now is Donald Trump on the campaign trail, big crowds, polls seem to be changing. One poll today showed a four point difference. So, things are a little bit better. Your take on the state of the race?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're doing well. I'm in North Carolina right now. You have to see the crowds. The -- the folks are just so enthused and they just believe so strongly in what we're saying. I'm a messenger, that's really what I am when you think of it, Sean. I'm a messenger, but the message is the right message.

Donald Trump: I mean, we want to take back our jobs, we want to make good trade deals, we want to have borders that mean something and that might include a wall, and it does include a wall as far as they're concerned, and more so as far as I'm concerned. And by the way, Mexico will be paying for the wall in case you had any questions.

Donald Trump: But you know many things; our military is depleted. We've got to build up our military, we need it. We have to take care of our vets. You know, there's a lot of messages that we're giving out because there's a lot of problems that we have as a country.

Sean Hannity: You know, I know you've said you don't care, you're not begging for anybody's support, if they don't want to support you. I know there were presidential candidates that made a pledge to support you, John Kasich and Graham and Senator Cruz etc. And Susan Collins today said she's not going to support you. And, you know, I've interviewed you enough that I know your agenda and we've seen your list of Supreme Court justices, you laid out your economic plan yesterday that was -- looked pretty Reagan-esque to me, pretty conservative to me. I know where you stand on radical Islam and ISIS.

Sean Hannity: I know, we all know, where you stand on the border.

Sean Hannity: We know where you stand on eliminating Obamacare. What is your message to them? Because my message to them is they're helping Hillary, and if they ? if --

Donald Trump: Well, they are helping Hillary.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. So --

Donald Trump: They are helping Hillary and it's -- it's, you know, sad to see. But, you know, when I ran in the primaries, I had no support because I was running against senators, governors, for the most part and, you know, these were very political people and everybody was in favor of them and that was fine, and I did great.

Donald Trump: And in some ways, I might be better off without so much support. But what people don't say is I have tremendous support. I have so many congressmen, so many senators, so many people, Jeff Sessions and so many others. We have unbelievable -- Darrell Issa. We have so much support, but nobody ever wants to write that.

Donald Trump: They'll talk about a Susan Collins, nobody even -- you know, I don't even really know her. I met her one time for about two seconds and, you know, they talk about others. And it's sad and, you know, as far as the people that I competed against in the primaries, I won with a landslide victory. I won more states by many times.

Donald Trump: I won 14 million votes, more than ever gotten, almost 14 million, more than ever gotten in the history of the Republican primaries. And I know there are hard feelings, but you know you have to beat Hillary Clinton. And if -- if we said nothing else, Sean, Supreme Court justices, just nothing else, take everything else out of the equation because the next president is going to have probably at least three picks, it could even be five, I don't know if you've heard that, but there's a good chance it would be five.

Donald Trump: It will be a record setting number.

Sean Hannity: A lot of old people on that bench.

Donald Trump: -- and our country will never be the same.

Sean Hannity: Well, that lasts for generations. All right, let's go over this though. So, on the Supreme Court, which will impact the country for generations, on vetting refugees, the economic plan -- she's going to continue Obama's plan. We'll get into that in a second. She's not going to secure the borders. She's not going to identify radical Islam.

Sean Hannity: We've seen the disaster of Syria, Iraq, Libya, Benghazi. She's not sending education back to the states. She's not eliminating Obamacare. She's not committed to fixing our VA or building up our dilapidated military. These are huge differences, and to me, it's gotten very personal. And I wonder if your daughter Ivanka hit it right when she said yesterday, they're afraid of you because the old order goes away.

Sean Hannity: Thoughts?

Donald Trump: Well, I can tell you, first of all, Ivanka has been a big help. She's been so fantastic and so respected, especially on the women's issues where you know it's very important to her. But I will tell you this, if you want tax increases, she's going to have a massive tax increase, regulation, which is one of the biggest questions I get when I go around.

Donald Trump: I've met so many people in this country, small business owners, big business owners, everybody. Their biggest problem is regulation. It's out of control. You can't even operate businesses. We just met a business in North Carolina, a printing business, nice beautiful family. And the family is -- is they don't know what to do because Obamacare is putting them out of business and they've lost a lot of employees already.

Donald Trump: You know, the whole thing is very sad. But she's going to raise taxes. She's -- and I don't mean a little bit, I mean massive tax increases so everyone is going to pay more taxes.

Sean Hannity: $1.3 billion.

Donald Trump: You're going to have more regulations. You're going to still have ISIS, right? You're going to still have ISIS all over the place because she's not going to attack them properly. We've got to take them out, we've got to take them out big league and fast. You're going to have ISIS. That's what you have. You're basically going to get four more years, Sean, of Obama and four more years of Obama is a disaster.

Donald Trump: It's unacceptable. It means bad business.

Sean Hannity: Let me show how bad it is.

Donald Trump: Look at our growth. Hey, Sean, look at our growth. We basically didn't grow as a country. We didn't grow. The numbers just came out, they're the lowest, practically, since the depression. And, you know, what are we doing? Four more years of Obama, and I personally think -- look, I think he's an incompetent president, but I think she'll be worse.

Sean Hannity: Let me go over some numbers with you if I can, because I think these are important because Hillary's going to continue these policies. You gave an economic speech yesterday. Here's where we are. Since Obama has been president, there's nearly 12 million more Americans on food stamps, another seven million in poverty, additional Americans.

Sean Hannity: The average employer sponsored health care premium has gone up for the family $4,170. That's a new tax.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: If you look at adjusted median household income, real dollars are down $185 per family, 83 presidents before him combined. But you can see every family now, each America, every individual, nearly $60 grand. You see if you look at the demographics, black Americans vote Democratic. OK, how did they fare under Obama?

Sean Hannity: Well, African Americans on food stamps are up 58 percent, African Americans in poverty are up eight percent under Obama. The number of African Americans not in the labor force, that's up 20 percent under Obama. The homeownership rate for African Americans is down 4.6 percent. Median household income is down in real dollars for the average African American family.

Sean Hannity: And here's some other numbers. It's the worst labor participation rate since the 70s. The lowest home ownership rate in 51 years, the worst recovery since the 1940s, and the first President that will never reach three percent GDP growth. And my final stat, he will, you know -- and we doubled the debt on top of it. So, is this -- isn't that reason enough not to vote for Hillary to continue that?

Donald Trump: Well, actually I use some of your numbers because you do repeat those numbers and it's good that you do because --

Sean Hannity: Nobody knows them.

Donald Trump: -- nobody believes them. But those numbers are right. Those numbers are right. And on occasion I will take those numbers and use them at speeches and people just can't even believe it when you look. Especially, you know, you think in terms of home ownership, 51 years. It's the worst in 51 years. So, many different numbers.

Donald Trump: We're doing so badly, and yet, I don't know what it is, maybe it's just habit, but you would think that the people would be sick and tired of this stuff. But it's a political rigged deal and the press is, you know the -- the press plays right into the hands of these people and they really are an extension, in my opinion.

Donald Trump: The press is an extension of Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, and that's what's going on and people see it. You know, I had an interesting case a week ago. I had this phenomenal arena packed with people, thousands of people, and a baby was crying and we were having fun. You know, you couldn't talk with the baby screaming, I said the baby sounds like Pavarotti, had the voice of Pavarotti, and I kidded and we had a lot of fun, and the mother was great.

Sean Hannity: The mother was on last night.

Donald Trump: And eventually the mother left and they said --

Sean Hannity: I had the mother on last night.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? That's --

Sean Hannity: She loved you.

Donald Trump: Well, you know what they said, Sean, the mother was great and we were laughing and waving and came back in. But the press -- the headline the next day and some of these papers was Trump throws baby out of the arena, or kicks baby out of the arena. And I said that's so unfair. And then people would come up to me for the last week, and they'd say, Mr. Trump, why did you have to throw the baby out of the arena?

Donald Trump: I didn't throw a baby out of the arena. We were having so much fun. And the baby was great, and the mother was great, and, you know, it was just a wild scene. It was a rally with thousands and thousands of people. Everybody was laughing --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Sean Hannity: Well we actually --

Donald Trump: The headline was that I was kicking a baby out of an arena.

Sean Hannity: Play --

Donald Trump: So, many people came up to me.

Sean Hannity: -- were having fun with the kid.

Donald Trump: I was having fun. But so many people came up to me in the last week, Mr. Trump, I really like you, I'm voting, but don't throw babies out of an arena that's terrible. And it's just so sad. And, you know, they're just dishonest, and they know that. And everybody -- and by the way, you had the mother on and the mother was also a little bit in the papers and she was so terrific.

Donald Trump: She said, it was fantastic what took place. So, it's very unfair.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. Well, speaking of unfair and media coverage, because like for example, all the statistics I put up on the screen, which are 100 percent vetted and true, you won't hear or see that anywhere else because the media has an agenda. Now I'm an opinion host. I've told everybody I'm voting for you, I'm pulling the lever for Donald Trump and this election.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's very nice. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: They're dishonest. They don't tell who they're voting for, but it's obvious because they won't put the numbers up that I just put up. I'll give you another example yesterday -- I'm sorry, earlier today you were talking about the Second Amendment and I'm going to play what you said, and then we'll talk about how the media reacted to it.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the Second Amendment. By the way, if she gets to pick -- if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Although the Second Amendment people maybe there is, I don't know.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] But -- but I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day if -- if Hillary gets to put her judges, right now, we're tied, you see what's going on. We're tied because Scalia -- this was not supposed to happen.

Donald Trump: [Video clip] Justice Scalia was going to be around for ten more years at least, and this is what happens. That was a horrible thing.

Note: [End video clip]

Sean Hannity: You know, so obviously you're saying that there's a strong political movement within the Second Amendment and if people mobilize and vote, they can stop Hillary from having this impact on the court, but that's not how the media is spinning it. What's your reaction to it?

Donald Trump: Well, I just heard about that and it was amazing because nobody in that room thought anything other than what you just said. This is a political movement. This is a strong powerful movement, the Second Amendment. You know, Hillary wants to take your guns away. She wants to leave you unprotected in your home.

Donald Trump: This is a tremendous political movement. The NRA, as you know, endorsed me. They're terrific people. Wayne and Chris and all of the people over there. And by the way, they've already -- I just saw they tweeted out basically, they agree 100 percent with what I said, and there can be no other interpretation.

Donald Trump: Even reporters have told me, I mean, give me a break. But they're -- they're dishonest people. What it is, is there's a tremendous power behind the Second Amendment. It's a political power and there are few things so powerful I have to say in terms of politics, there are few things -- and I happen to think that if they actually did even bring this up, I think it's a good thing for me because it's going to tell people more about me with -- Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment, and if she puts Supreme Court justices on, she will decimate your Second Amendment.

Sean Hannity: All right, when we come back more of my interview with Donald Trump right after the break, plus the father of the Orlando nightclub shooter, well, he was spotted sitting directly behind Hillary Clinton at a campaign rally yesterday in Kissimmee, Florida. So, why isn't Clinton being forced to denounce his support?

Sean Hannity: We'll talk about that later with Donald Trump. Also later, there are growing concerns about Hillary's health. We'll check in with our Fox News medical A-Team. Also. Fox News is projecting that Speaker Paul Ryan will win his primary race easily. We are awaiting his press conference. That and more tonight, right here on Hannity.

Sean Hannity: [Commercial Break] And there's a Fox News alert, Fox News is now projecting that speaker of the House. Paul Ryan will win the primary race for his congressional seat. We are awaiting a press conference from the speaker. But first, a new Clinton controversy after the father of the Orlando nightclub terrorist attended Hillary Clinton's rally yesterday in Kissimmee, Florida.

Sean Hannity: Now he was spotted, you can see him right there, seated right behind the Democratic nominee. Now earlier I asked the Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump, about this and more take a look. So, David Duke says something positive about Donald Trump and you repeatedly say you denounce David Duke, and then they ask you again and again and again.

Sean Hannity: Denounce, denounce, denounced. And here's a guy, the father of this Orlando terrorist who killed 49 people at a nightclub, injured, another 53 other people, he's right behind Hillary Clinton in Kissimmee, Florida yesterday. This is a guy who after her husband, after his son, killed all these people said well, the issue of homosexuality and punishment belongs to God, it does not belong to a servant of Allah, but I'm really saddened that he has committed this action.

Sean Hannity: And then he said our brothers, etc., our warrior brothers in the Taliban movement and national Afghan Taliban are rising up. So, he supports the Taliban and then all the Hillary campaign can say about it is well, it was a 3,000 person rally, open door to the public. When you add that to the fact that Hillary takes money from a country like Saudi Arabia, where men tell women how to dress, women can't drive, women can't go to school or work without a husband's permission.

Sean Hannity: Gays and lesbians are executed, Christians are persecuted, you can't build a Christian church and you can't build a Jewish temple. The Clinton Foundation took up to $25 million and the Clinton Library took $10 million. Would you take money from the Saudis?

Donald Trump: No, and I will say this that I heard about that and I saw the picture of him with a red hat, but it didn't have Make America Great on it, by the way, and she did not disavow. And if that were me, this would be a headline all over the world about Trump, but she did not, as I understand it, disavow this man and he's got some pretty harsh views.

Donald Trump: So I think it's -- look, it's a whole double standard, but we're punching through it. And I think the people understand. I really think the people understand. So, that's pretty much it, Sean.

Sean Hannity: Can I just go through your agenda really quick because I want people that maybe want to understand to me what this election is about. Really, really quick. So, that list of justices, that's the type of justice you will appoint to the Supreme Court, correct?

Donald Trump: Well, I want to look and we -- you know, as you know, I put 11 people in that were highly vetted and just people that are terrific. But another example would be Justice Scalia, that's what we're really looking, for as close to that as we could get. He was terrific and that was as close to Justice Scalia as we can get.

Sean Hannity: And you're going to lower the corporate rate, you're going to allow multinational corporations --

Donald Trump: Bigly.

Sean Hannity: -- a very low rate to bring back and you're going to allow energy independence and expansion. Do you think you can become -- America can be energy independent in four years?

Donald Trump: I do, if not sooner. I do, absolutely. Companies are being put out of business. Companies in the energy business are being put out of business by regulation and horrible, horrible, rules that they're making up on a daily basis and they're putting all of these people -- I'll give you an example, the miners are being put out of business.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton wants all miners out of business and I think it's one of the reasons I'm doing so well in Ohio and Pennsylvania and lots of different places.

Sean Hannity: You'll expand coal mining.

Donald Trump: But the miners are out of business.

Sean Hannity: She said she wants to fire coal miners, they're going to lose jobs, and coal companies out of business. So, you'll expand coal mining, you'll expand drilling, you'll expand fracking, nuclear and new technology. Is that a fair statement?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's 100 percent true, all of it, 100 percent true.

Sean Hannity: All right. And the plan you laid out yesterday on corporate rates and repatriation for multinational corporations, that's going to happen and about half of American workers won't pay any federal income tax under your plan.

Donald Trump: A tremendous amount will not pay anything, and the rates are going to be very low. The tax cut is massive and the corporate tax cut, people are going to bring back companies. They're going to start companies. The jobs are going to flourish and I think we'll go over the four percent. Right now we're practically at nothing.

Sean Hannity: And you will not allow refugees in from countries that practice Sharia or where our national director of intelligence, FBI, CIA director, a warning that ISIS will infiltrate without proper 100 percent vetting?

Donald Trump: That is correct, 100 percent and it's going to be extreme vetting.

Sean Hannity: And you will build that wall. How certain -- who was it? Jeb Bush, said he's not going to build that wall. That's never going to happen. Is that wall going up?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to build the wall. We need the wall. The security -- as you know, the Border Patrol agents, 16,500, they endorsed me and when they did I said tell me the wall, really important. They said, Mr. Trump, we desperately need it. The wall we want, the wall we need and we're going to have the wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall, by the way, Sean, just in case they're going to pay.

Donald Trump: Because we lose so much money in terms of trade deficit with Mexico. Mexico will pay for the wall.

Sean Hannity: And let's talk about Obamacare. You've talked about eliminating it. You talked about portability, pre-existing conditions and health care savings accounts. Do you believe health care savings accounts is the antidote?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's one of them. I think it's a great alternative. They work. They're fabulous. You can move -- you can do whatever you want to do. Everybody wants them, you'll save money. You'll have much better plans. I mean, look at what's going on with Obamacare. The rates are going through the roof, deductibles -- I mean you won't even get to use it unless you have a real big long lasting problem.

Donald Trump: No, no, it's a -- it's a certainly one method and there are many -- by the way, Sean. You know, I know you always mention that, but there are many methods, but they'll all be better. And you don't have to be limited to one or two. We can use other methods. But people will be paying a lot less money. Sean, they'll be paying a lot less money for a lot better care.

Sean Hannity: You talked about really building up America's military, that's going to cost money. One of the -- I did read a critic of yours from your economic speech and they said, well, he's not dealing with spending, he's not dealing with entitlements. Would you eliminate baseline budgeting and built in increases that every department has in Washington?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yes, the answer is yes. What we have to do, Sean, we have to build up our military. Our military is so, depleted. We have to build up our military. There's nothing we can do about that. We've never needed a military just about so badly. So, the military itself has to be built up and we can't do anything about that.

Donald Trump: At the same time, I'm sure we can do it for a smaller price than most people would think because that's what I do, it's called negotiation.

Sean Hannity: You know what, I --

Donald Trump: But we have to build up our military. It's very depleted.

Sean Hannity: For all those people that say they're Republicans, that just -- we went down the entire list of differences now between you and Hillary, and if they're going to stay, you know, on this ever Trump thing, they're responsible for her Supreme Court picks, they're responsible for the refugees that are unvetted.

Sean Hannity: They will be responsible for whatever illegal immigrants do. They'll be responsible when we have a depleted military and a crisis comes. So, I think this is a very -- this is a compare and contrast election to me. Very different visions for the country, Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: These are terrible people. Look, these are terrible people, they're endorsing because I don't want them. The people that are there now, I don't want. Look at the world, look at what's going on with -- with the Middle East, I mean it's a mess. These are the people that are advising, these are the advisers, these are hangers-on, they couldn't make a living in the private sector, frankly, and they know I don't want them.

Donald Trump: I've never spoken to these people. I don't know who these people are. So, look these people are not the kind of people we want. These are people that have given us a messed up world. You look at North Korea, you look at the Middle East, you look at every single thing we're doing, it's a mess.

Sean Hannity: It's scary.

Donald Trump: And you know they form because Trump isn't there kind of a guy. I don't want these people. We're going to have so much better. It's going to be so much better, Sean, your head will spin. So, much better.

Sean Hannity: Mr. Trump, always appreciate your time. Thank you for being with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much, Sean.

Sean Hannity: And coming up tonight, Fox News projecting that Speaker Paul Ryan is going to win his primary race. We are awaiting his press conference that's coming up tonight. And later, two of the parents whose sons were killed in the Benghazi terror attack are now suing Hillary Clinton for wrongful death and defamation.

Sean Hannity: We'll check in with Lieutenant Colonel, Oliver North, he'll join us with reaction. That and Geraldo and Kellyanne standing by with their interpretation of Donald Trump.