Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-matt-lauer-today-december-7-2016

Matt Lauer: And we are joined now by Time's Person of the Year, President- elect Donald Trump. Mister Trump, good morning.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Matt Lauer: Last year when Time did not choose you as person of the year and chose Angela Merkel, you said Time magazine will never pick me as Person of the Year. They proved you wrong. How do you feel about this?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great honor. It means a lot, especially me growing up reading Time magazine. And, you know it's a very important magazine. And I've been lucky enough to be on the cover many times this year.

Donald Trump: So -- and last year. But I consider this a very, very great honor.

Matt Lauer: Well, I'm -- I'm interested to hear you say that because as Nancy Gibbs has said it this year and in the past, the magazine has always been willing to say it was a person who influenced events for better or for worse. So just confirming, you see this as a compliment, not some kind of condemnation?

Donald Trump: Well, as an example, when you say divided states of America, I didn't divide them, they're divided now. I mean there's a lot of division. And we're going to put it back together and we're going to have a country that's very well healed and we're going to be a great economic force and we're going to build up our military and safety and we're going to do a lot of great things. And it's going to be something very special.

Donald Trump: But to be on the cover of Time magazine as the Person of the Year is a tremendous honor.

Matt Lauer: You are now thirty days into your transition. You've made a lot of news. Last night you made it official that General Mattis is your choice of secretary of defense. Still open is secretary of state, probably the premiere position in any administration.

Matt Lauer: How close are you to making that call?

Donald Trump: I think certainly close. I think next week will be the time that I announce it. And I've some other big announcements coming up today and actually tomorrow, but we've had -- we've been met with, you know, really very good reviews of the people that I've chosen. I think -- I think that General Mattis is going to be terrific.

Donald Trump: He's going to be absolutely terrific. It's a little bit outside the box. He's a tough cookie. We need a tough cookie.

Matt Lauer: Right.

Donald Trump: He's smart, he's brilliant actually, and as a tactician he's brilliant. And I really look forward to him. He's also a very high-quality man. I flew with him last night to North Carolina where we really introduced him in front of a tremendous crowd.

Donald Trump: And I tell you, the crowd loves him.

Matt Lauer: Let me go back to Secretary of State for a second. I want to read off some of the names it's been reported you're considering for that position -- Mitt Romney, Rudy Giuliani, David Petraeus, Bob Corker and Ambassador John Bolton. Have you now crossed any of those names off your list?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I have in my own mind. I don't want to say which ones. But I think I have in my own minds and there's some other. We have a great, great gentleman, the head, the boss over at -- over at Exxon and, you know, he's ...

Matt Lauer: Rex Tillerson.

Donald Trump: ...he's built a tremendous company over a period of years with great style.

Matt Lauer: Let me go back to Mitt Romney. Is he still under consideration?

Donald Trump: Yes, he is.

Matt Lauer: Does he have a chance to become secretary of state?

Donald Trump: Yes, he does. I mean I've -- I've spoken to him a lot. And we've come a long way together. We had some tremendous difficulty together and now I think we've come a long way.

Donald Trump: But the answer is, yes, he does.

Matt Lauer: So this isn't about some case of stringing him along as -- as revenge being a dish best served cold for the comments he made during the campaign?

Donald Trump: No, it's not about revenge. It's about what's good for the country. And I'm able to put this stuff behind us. And I hit him very hard also, you know, which is very nice that the press doesn't cover that.

Donald Trump: I'm very happy about that actually.

Matt Lauer: You picked a fight twenty-four hours ago with Boeing about the new Air Force One project and the cost of that project, which you cited at over four billion dollars. And you went on to say this, "I think Boeing is doing a little bit of a number."" Now I read that as -- as you saying that you think Boeing is perhaps taking advantage of the American taxpayer. Do you have any proof of that?"

Donald Trump: Well, I think the planes are too expensive. I spoke to a very good man yesterday, the head of Boeing, terrific guy, and we're going to work it out. But, you know, that's what I'm here for. I'm going to negotiate prices and its planes are -- are too expensive.

Donald Trump: And we're going to get the prices down. And if we don't get the prices down, we're not going to order them. We're going to stay with what we have.

Matt Lauer: You mentioned the head of -- of Boeing that you spoke to. Your comments about Boeing -- by the way, shortly after you made those comments, the market value of Boeing dropped about a billion dollars in a matter of minutes before rebounding later in the day. But your comments on Boeing came just a short while after an article came out where the CEO of Boeing was critical of your trade policies. So was this in the end about the price of those planes or was this about retribution?

Donald Trump: Well, only the planes because I didn't see an article where he was critical of trade policies. And my trade policies are going to be terrific. And by the way, we're lowering taxes in this country. We're getting rid of ninety percent, maybe eighty-five percent of the regulations which are stifling business.

Donald Trump: Boeing is going to be a tremendous beneficiary of that and maybe even mostly regulations. I mean people are more happy about the regulations even though we're massively cutting taxes from business.

Matt Lauer: After you -- after you criticized Boeing, The Washington Post has a headline today saying corporations are unnerved in this country. Let me go on to another subject.

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I think it's just ...

Matt Lauer: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: ...I think that's just The Washington Post because no matter what you do, they'll never say good. And what happens is they're so unnerved that the stock market is seated all-time records since I've been elected. And since I've been -- since I won the nomination, number one, we did well. And after I won the election, you see what happened.

Donald Trump: I mean, in the history of our country, there's never been an up this big after an election. So I don't know how somebody said this -- you know -- people are unnerved. It's just the opposite. And frankly, I think we're going to go up.

Donald Trump: We have tremendous room, tremendous margin in our country, but we have to do things right. And I believe in free trade but I don't believe in stupid trade. And stupid trade is when our companies all move out of our country, fire their workers and then come back in, Matt, and sell their product back in with no retribution. I'm just saying very simply if they want to fire their workers, move to Mexico or some other country and sell their product into our country, they're going to be paying a tax.

Matt Lauer: Your transition team made some news yesterday on a conference call where -- where it was announced, and I want to get your take on this, that you sold all of your stock holdings and you did it back in June. Is it true and why are we just hearing about this now?

Donald Trump: Well, I've never been a big person for the stock market, frankly. But over the years I bought stock. And I bought them when they were low. I saw what was going on with interest rates were so low, it almost seemed that it was like very easy to predict what was going to happen with the stock market.

Matt Lauer: Why did you sell all your holdings in June?

Donald Trump: Because I felt that I was very much going to be winning and I think I would have a tremendous -- a really -- conflict of interest owning all of these different companies.

Matt Lauer: So why not announce it back in June when you were under fire for a lack of financial transparency?

Donald Trump: Oh, I let everybody know. I let everybody know. And I'm not -- I was never a big stockholder but I bought a lot of different stocks. And I had a lot of stocks before then too.

Donald Trump: And what I did is I sold them. I just don't -- I don't think it's appropriate for me to be owning stocks when I'm making deals for this country that maybe will affect one company positively and one company negatively.

Matt Lauer: Speaking of ...

Donald Trump: I just felt it was a conflict.

Matt Lauer: ...speaking of things that are appropriate, shortly after winning the election you gave an interview and you talked about your use of Twitter and you said that you were going to be much more restrained as the President because you seemed to understand that perhaps having fights on Twitter would not be appropriate for the President. I have not seen you backing off fights on Twitter. In the time since you were elected, you've targeted the cast of Hamilton, the New York Times, China, Boeing, the media and SNL. Is this proving to be a habit that you're finding a difficult time breaking?

Donald Trump: No, I think I am very restrained. And I talk about important things. I talked about, you know, as you know recently China and the fact we talked about their devaluation. We talked about their building this massive military fortress in the middle of the South China Sea, which they're not supposed to be doing and other things.

Donald Trump: And frankly, it's a modern-day form of communication between ...

Matt Lauer: Even when you're picking fights with it?

Donald Trump: ...Facebook, Matt, between Facebook and Twitter, I have, I guess, more than forty million people and that's a modern-day form of communication. I get it out much faster than a press release. I get it out much more honestly than dealing with dishonest reporters because ...

Matt Lauer: On that -- on that subject ...

Donald Trump: ...so many reporters are dishonest.

Matt Lauer: ...on that subject but on a lighter note, can we agree, President-elect Trump, that at this stage it would be better for you to simply stop watching SNL as opposed to watching it and then complaining about it?

Donald Trump: Well, I hosted SNL when it was a good show, but it's not a good show anymore. First of all, nothing to do with me, there's nothing funny about it, the skits are terrible.

Matt Lauer: So why do you keep watching it?

Donald Trump: I mean, I like -- I like Alec, but his imitation of me is really mean-spirited and not very good. I don't think it's good. And I do like him and I like him as an actor, but I don't think that his imitation of me gets me at all and it's meant to be very mean-spirited, which is very biased. And I don't like it so I can tweet that out.

Matt Lauer: But you can't -- you can't bring yourself to stop watching it?

Donald Trump: No. Look, frankly, the way the show is going now and you look at the kind of work they're doing, who knows how long that show is going to be on. It's a terrible show.

Matt Lauer: I think it's going to do okay. Let me end where we started, Time magazine. I mentioned to you that it says Person of the Year, it's got your picture, and then the subheadline is President of the Divided States of America. You referenced that a little while ago.

Matt Lauer: What would you have written as the subheadline?

Donald Trump: Well, I think putting divided is snarky. But again, it's divided. I -- I'm not President yet so I didn't do anything to divide. And I will say this, I've now gotten to know President Obama.

Donald Trump: I really like him. We have -- I think I can say at least for myself, I can't speak for him, but we have a really good chemistry together, we talk. He -- he loves the country. He wants to do right by the country and for the country.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you, we obviously very much disagree on certain policies and certain things. But, you know, I really like him as a person. And -- and by the way ...

Matt Lauer: I was fascinated to read in your interview that you say you actually talked to President Obama about some of your possible appointments.

Donald Trump: I do.

Matt Lauer: And the people you would surround yourself in the White House.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Matt Lauer: Can you tell me specifically who you mentioned to President Obama that you're considering appointing?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think that would be fair to him but I have asked him what he would think of this one and that one. I've asked him what he thinks are the biggest problems of the country, what are some of the greatest assets going forward. And we have a very good dialogue. And -- and I must tell you, you know, I never met him before this.

Donald Trump: And I never spoke to him before this. I really -- I do like him. I love getting his ideas. And I may differ in many cases, I differ very greatly.

Matt Lauer: Right. Just so quickly though ...

Donald Trump: In many cases I'm the opposite.

Matt Lauer: ...in one of those cases where you went with him -- went to him with a specific person you had in mind for an appointment, did you go with his recommendation?

Donald Trump: I would say that, yes, I take his recommendations very seriously and there are some people that I will be appointing and in one case have appointed where he thought very highly of that person, yes.

Matt Lauer: President-elect Donald Trump, Time magazine's Person of the Year. Congratulations.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Matt.

Matt Lauer: All right. We're back with more of Today on a Wednesday morning right after these messages.