Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-60-minutes-pence-stahl-july-17-2016

Lesley Stahl: The Republican National Convention that begins tomorrow in Cleveland will star Donald Trump and his chosen running mate, the governor of Indiana, Mike Pence.

Lesley Stahl: The Republican leadership has praised Pence as a good choice to unite the party. He's known as a reliable conservative with close ties to the religious right, and he also has good relations with Republicans in Congress, having served six terms in the House of Representatives.

Lesley Stahl: But there are significant areas in terms of values and policy where he has differed with Mr. Trump in the past. We had the chance to ask the two of them about that in their first and only interview together yesterday afternoon in New York in Trump's three storey penthouse apartment in the Trump Tower.

Lesley Stahl: First of all, Governor Pence, congratulations.

Mike Pence: Thank you.

Lesley Stahl: This is probably come as -- a huge, life-changing moment for you.

Mike Pence: It has. It's -- very, very humbling and I couldn't be more honored to have the opportunity to run with, and serve with, the next president of the United States.

Lesley Stahl: Before we actually talk about the politics, you know, there've been so many -- major world events very recently, in the last week. I don't know if you can remember the last time we have seen a world this much in chaos. You even said, "It's spinning apart." Are you ready for this world that we are facing today?

Donald Trump: We're both ready. I've no doubt. We need toughness. We need strength. Obama's weak, Hillary's weak. And part of it is that; a big part of it. We need law and order. We need strong borders.

Lesley Stahl: But all reactions to what's been going on -- aren't muscular. For example, look what happened in Turkey. There was a military coup in a democratic country; a NATO ally. How would you respond to that?

Donald Trump: Well, as a president, I'm going to be -- you know, they've been an ally and I stay with our allies. They have been an ally. But that was a quick coup. I was actually surprised to see how well it was handled. And you know who really handled it? The people.

Donald Trump: So, I mean, we can say what we want, but the people handled it. When they surrounded the army tanks -- And without the people, you would've never had it. The military would've taken over.

Mike Pence: But I truly do believe that the larger issue here is declining American power in the world. I truly do believe that history teaches that weakness arouses evil and whether it be the horrific attack in France, the inspired attacks here in the United States, the instability in Turkey that led to a coup.

Mike Pence: I think that is all a result of a foreign policy of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama that has led from behind and that has sent -- an -- an inexact, unclear message about American resolve.

Mike Pence: One of the reasons why I said yes in a heartbeat to run with this man, is because he embodies American strength, and I know that he will provide that kind of broad-shouldered American strength on the global stage as well.

Lesley Stahl: Let's -- let's talk about what happened in Nice, horrendous carnage, horrible, of innocents.

Donald Trump: Horrible.

Lesley Stahl: Horrible. You said you would declare war against ISIS. What exactly do you have --

Donald Trump: It is war. By the way, it is war.

Lesley Stahl: No, but does that -- when you say, "Declare war," do you want to send American troops in there? Is that what you mean?

Donald Trump: Look, we have people that hate us. We have people that want to wipe us out; we're going to declare war against ISIS. We have to wipe out ISIS. These are people that --

Lesley Stahl: With troops on the ground?

Donald Trump: I am going to have very few troops on the ground. We're going to have unbelievable intelligence, which we need; which, right now, we don't have. We don't have the people over there. We are going to use --

Lesley Stahl: You want to send Americans --

Donald Trump: Excuse me -- and we're going to have surrounding states and, very importantly, get NATO involved because we support NATO far more than we should, frankly, because you have a a lot of countries that aren't doing what they're supposed to be doing. And we have to wipe out ISIS.

Donald Trump: And speaking of Turkey, Turkey is an ally. Turkey can do it by themselves. But they have to be incentivized. For whatever reason, they're not. So we have no choice.

Lesley Stahl: But I still don't know if you're going to send troops over --

Donald Trump: Very little. I'm going to --

Lesley Stahl: But declare war --

Donald Trump: -- get neighboring states and I'm going to get -- we are going to get NATO; we're going to wipe 'em out. We're going to --

Lesley Stahl: But declare war?

Mike Pence: Lesley --

Lesley Stahl: What does that mean --

Mike Pence: This is -- this is the kind -- this is the kind of leadership that America needs and it --

Lesley Stahl: But what --

Mike Pence: and it begins with deciding to destroy the enemies of our freedom.

Lesley Stahl: How?

Mike Pence: And how we do that? I have every confidence. You -- you remember I served on the Foreign Affairs Committee. And I'm very confident that when Donald Trump becomes president of the United States, he'll give a directive to our military commanders, bring together other nations, and we will use the enormous resources of the United States to destroy that enemy

Donald Trump: Now look, we are going to get rid of ISIS, big league. And we're going to get rid of 'em fast. And we're going to use surrounding states. We're going to use NATO, probably. And we're going to declare war. It is war. When the World Trade Center comes tumbling down, with thousands of people being killed, people are still -- I have friends that are still -- [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: But we did go to war, if you remember. We went to Iraq.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you went to Iraq, but that was handled so badly. And that was a war -- by the way, that was a war that we shouldn't have entered because Iraq did not knock down -- excuse me [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: Your running mate -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Iraq did not -- [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: voted for it

Donald Trump: I don't care.

Lesley Stahl: What do you mean you don't care that he voted for?

Donald Trump: It's a long time ago. And he voted that way and they were also misled. A lot of information was given to people [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: But you've harped on this.

Donald Trump: But I was against the war in Iraq from the beginning

Lesley Stahl: Yeah, but you've used that vote -- of Hillary's that was the same as -- Governor Pence [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: -- as the example of her bad judgment. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Many people have, and frankly, I'm one of the few that was right on Iraq.

Lesley Stahl: Yeah, but what about he -- (OVERTALK)?

Donald Trump: He's entitled to make a mistake every once in a (LAUGH) while.

Lesley Stahl: But she's not? Okay, come on -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But she's not --

Lesley Stahl: She's not?

Donald Trump: No. She's not.

Lesley Stahl: Got it.

Lesley Stahl: I have to move on or we're never going to find out why he chose you. (LAUGHTER) Why did you pick him? You had other candidates-- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Okay, I did. I had a a lot of people that wanted it; a lot more people than anybody -- [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: That came to you and begged you for it?

Donald Trump: That called me and came to me and wanted it badly. And you know, the press didn't report that. The press said, "Well, maybe he's having hard time picking --"

Lesley Stahl: Well, what about the governor? Did he want it like that?

Donald Trump: I actually brought it up to him.

Lesley Stahl: Okay.

Donald Trump: I got to know him during the -- when I was in Indiana during the primaries, and I did very well in Indiana, like I did just about everywhere else in all fairness. But -- [Laughs] I got to know him very well and I gained great respect for him. And I looked at the numbers, meaning the financials, which we would say in business.

Donald Trump: But I looked at the numbers. Unemployment? What a great job he did. Jobs? What a great job he did. Triple-A rating on his bonds.

Lesley Stahl: -- but you went to him and said --

Donald Trump: I did -- [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: Would you want to be considered --

Donald Trump: I broached it

Lesley Stahl: He didn't --

Lesley Stahl: And then he said, "I -- I really want it." So why did you pick him?

Donald Trump: I would say that he thought about it a little bit. And about two seconds later, he called me, (LAUGH) with his incredible wife, and said -- [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: That I'd like to be -- but wha t-- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Like many others.

Lesley Stahl: How does he help you? How does he help you win in terms of groups of people? And what is your weakness that he compensates for and so forth -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, I went for the quality individual rather than I'm going to win a state, because I'm doing very well in Indiana, and I guess I'm a lot up. And I think I'm going to win Indiana. I have a great relationship and Bobby Knight helped me so much with Indiana. Indiana's a great place; great state.

Lesley Stahl: Why didn't you pick him? [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: No, I'm joking -- moving on [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: He would've been very good. (LAUGH) But he's a terrific guy. But -- but I really like him as an individual.

Lesley Stahl: So you must've considered, obviously, by the reaction to your choice, a lot of the conservatives are very happy.

Donald Trump: Very happy.

Lesley Stahl: Was that part of the -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes, it was party unity. I'm an outsider. I am a person that used to be establishment when I'd give them hundreds of thousands of dollars. But when I decided to run, I became very anti-establishment because I understand the system -- [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: Is he establishment?

Donald Trump: -- than anybody else. He's very establishment, in many ways, and that's not a bad thing. But I will tell you --

Lesley Stahl: That's kind of interesting --

Donald Trump: -- I have seen more people that, frankly, did not like me so much, and now they're saying, "What a great pick." You see the kind of reaction. He -- he has helped bring the party together. I understand. Look, I got more votes than anybody, but I also understand there's a faction --

Lesley Stahl: Is it already unified, do you think?

Donald Trump: I think it's very close to unified. And I will say --

Lesley Stahl: Just because of this pick?

Donald Trump: No. I think it's be-- I think it was much more unified than people thought. You saw that with the recent vote where we won in a landslide. You saw that with the big vote, the primary vote.

Donald Trump: I think it's far more unified than the press lets on. But having Governor Mike Pence has really -- people that I wasn't necessarily liking or getting along are loving this pick, because they have such respect for him

Lesley Stahl: And that was [Inaudible]--

Donald Trump: And the party unity is okay. You know, I think it's okay to say I picked somebody, because I -- as one of the things. But I really believe the main reason I picked him is the incredible job he's done. Just look at the economics of Indiana --

Lesley Stahl: [Inaudible] Indiana--

Donald Trump: -- and what's going on.

Lesley Stahl: But what about the chemistry between you two? You don't really know each other that well. You're -- at least I've read, a very low-key, very religious, you're a brash new Yorker --

Donald Trump: Religious.

Lesley Stahl: Religious?

Donald Trump: Religious --

Lesley Stahl: Are you?

Donald Trump: yeah, religious.

Lesley Stahl: -- you wouldn't --

Donald Trump: Hey, I won the evangelicals. The evangelicals --

Lesley Stahl: That doesn't --

Mike Pence: You know, nobody thought --

Donald Trump: -- well, I think it means a lot. I don't think they think I'm perfect, and they would get up and they would say, "You know, he's not perfect," but --

Lesley Stahl: They'd point to the --

Donald Trump: -- they like me --

Lesley Stahl: -- divorces --

Donald Trump: -- but I won -- I won states with evangelicals that nobody thought I'd even come close to --

Lesley Stahl: Well, that's true --

Donald Trump: -- and I won --

Lesley Stahl: --so you didn't [Inaudible]--

Donald Trump: -- with landslides --

Lesley Stahl: -- need him for the evangelicals?

Donald Trump: I think it helps. But I don't think I needed him, no, because -- I won with evangelicals.

Mike Pence: But I think we have more in common --

Lesley Stahl: Yeah, tell me --

Mike Pence: -- than --

Lesley Stahl: -- what you think you have in common.

Donald Trump: what might be immediately obvious.

Lesley Stahl: Besides issues. Values and things like that.

Donald Trump: I think we will have very, very good chemistry. I feel that. And I can feel that pretty early on. I don't think you need to be with somebody for two years to find that out. My feeling is --

Lesley Stahl: Your gut feeling.

Donald Trump: I knew him during the primaries, during many trips to Indiana, I'd be with him. I think we have a great chemistry.

Lesley Stahl: I want to ask you though about something you've said about negative campaigning.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: You said negative campaigning is wrong, and a campaign ought to demonstrate the basic decency of the candidate.

Mike Pence: Right.

Lesley Stahl: With that in mind, what do you think about -- your running mate's campaign and the tone and the negativity of it?

Mike Pence: I think this is a good man who's been talking about the issues the American people care about.

Lesley Stahl: But name-calling?

Mike Pence: In that --

Lesley Stahl: Lyin' Ted?

Mike Pence: -- in the essay that I wrote a long time ago, I said campaigns ought to be about something more important than just one candidate's election. And -- and this campaign and Donald Trump's candidacy has been about the issues the American people care about.

Lesley Stahl: -- but what about --

Donald Trump: Lesley, Lesley

Lesley Stahl: -- the negative side? He apologized for being a negative --

Donald Trump: We're different people. I understand that. I'll give you an example. Hillary Clinton is a liar. Hillary Clinton -- that was just proven --

Lesley Stahl: That's --

Donald Trump: -- last week.

Lesley Stahl: -- that's negative --

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton --

Lesley Stahl: By the way --

Donald Trump: -- you better believe it. Hillary Clinton is a crook.

Lesley Stahl: That's negative --

Donald Trump: I call her "Crooked Hillary." She's crooked Hillary. He won't -- I -- I don't -- I didn't ask him to do it, but I don't think he should do it because it's different for him.

Lesley Stahl: But -- he --

Donald Trump: He's not that kind of a --

Lesley Stahl: He probably --

Donald Trump: -- person. We're different people --

Lesley Stahl: -- don't you think he --

Donald Trump: -- to me she's --

Lesley Stahl: -- thinks that's --

Donald Trump: -- Crooked Hillary.

Lesley Stahl: -- wrong?

Donald Trump: I don't think he should use that term. I've never said one way or the other. But to him, I don't think it would sound right, but he will say how dishonest she is by going over the facts.

Lesley Stahl: But would you go to him -- let's say you won, you're the vice president, your office is, I assume, down the hall, and you go in and you say, "You know, you shouldn't be saying -- name-calling." Would you do that? Would you go in and say, "You crossed the line, I think you should apologize?"

Lesley Stahl: Would you do something like that?

Mike Pence: Look, I --

Lesley Stahl: He's laughing.

Mike Pence: -- it's probably -- it's -- it's probably --

Lesley Stahl: It's okay.

Mike Pence: -- obvious to people that our styles are different. But I promise you, our vision is exactly the same.

Lesley Stahl: No, but would you --

Mike Pence: And let me be --

Lesley Stahl: -- will --

Mike Pence: -- clear --

Lesley Stahl: -- will you answer that? Would you go in --

Mike Pence: Well the -- one of the things I found out about this man is he appreciates candor. And --

Lesley Stahl: So you would go in --

Mike Pence: -- I -- I --

Donald Trump: I'd like him to if he thinks I was doing something wrong --

Lesley Stahl: Would you listen --

Donald Trump: -- just say --

Lesley Stahl: -- to him --

Mike Pence: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: -- if he said you --

Donald Trump: Absolutely --

Lesley Stahl: -- crossed the line.

Donald Trump: -- absolutely. I might not apologize. You know, you said apologize, but --

Lesley Stahl: I did say apologize.

Donald Trump: but -- I might not do that, but [Laughter] -- I would absolutely want him to come in -- if he thinks I'm doing something wrong, Mike, I would want him to come in and say, really, you're doing, you gotta -- and that's okay. I accept that from my consultants and my people and If Mike came in and told me, you know, "I think you should do this or that --

Lesley Stahl: back off that

Donald Trump: I would listen and very likely listen to him.

Lesley Stahl: Do you think John McCain is not a hero because he was captured?

Mike Pence: I have a great deal of respect for John McCain, and --

Lesley Stahl: Do you think he went too far?

Donald Trump: You could say yes. I -- that's okay.

Donald Trump: that one, you could say yes, I mean, you're not -- it's fine -- hey, look, I like John McCain. But we have to take care of our vets.

Lesley Stahl: No, but I want to know if --

Donald Trump: Okay, but I'm just --

Lesley Stahl: -- Mr. Pence would go in and --

Donald Trump: -- I'm just saying, that's --

Lesley Stahl: -- say to you

Donald Trump: -- why not that many people are that upset --

Lesley Stahl: what are you -- what did you say? You know, would you do something like that?

Mike Pence: I -- I promise you that when the circumstances arise where I have a difference on policy or on presentation, I -- I -- I have -- I can tell you in my heart, I know -- I would have no hesitation, were I privileged to be vice president, to walk into the president's office, close the door, and share my heart. And I also know this good man would listen, and has -- and has the leadership qualities to draw from the people around him.

Lesley Stahl: Let's talk about -- some of the issues. Because there seems to be some daylight between you two, and we can just tick -- go quickly through these. Immigration. Mr. Trump, you have called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. Do you agree with that?

Mike Pence: I do. In fact, in Indiana we -- suspended the Syrian refugee program in the -- in the wake of the terrorist attack. We have no higher priority than the safety and security of the people of this country, and -- and Donald Trump --

Lesley Stahl: Now --

Mike Pence: -- is right to --

Lesley Stahl: -- in December --

Mike Pence: -- articulate that view.

Lesley Stahl: -- in December you tweeted, and I quote you, "Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional."

Donald Trump: So you call it territories. Okay? We're going to do territories. We're going to not let people come in from Syria that nobody knows who they are. Hillary Clinton wants 550 percent more people to come in than Obama --

Lesley Stahl: So you --

Donald Trump: -- who doesn't know what he's --

Lesley Stahl: -- so you're changing --

Donald Trump: -- so we're going to --

Lesley Stahl: -- your position.

Donald Trump: -- no, I -- call it whatever you want. We'll call it territories, okay?

Lesley Stahl: So not Muslims?

Donald Trump: You know -- the Constitution -- there's nothing like it. But it doesn't necessarily give us the right to commit suicide, as a country, okay? And I'll tell you this. Call it whatever you want, change territories, but there are territories and terror states and terror nations that we're not going to allow the people to come into our country.

Donald Trump: And we're going to have a thing called "Extreme vetting." And if people want to come in, there's going to be extreme vetting. We're going to have extreme vetting. They're going to come in and we're going to know where they came from and who they are.

Mike Pence: You just asked me -- if I'm comfortable with that --

Mike Pence: -- and I am. What -- what Donald --

Lesley Stahl: You're on the same --

Mike Pence: --[Inaudible] which --

Lesley Stahl: -- page on that?

Mike Pence: -- clearly -- clearly this man is not a politician. He doesn't speak like a politician --

Lesley Stahl: He's done pretty well.

Mike Pence: -- he -- he speaks from his --

Mike Pence: -- heart --

Donald Trump: Is that a good thing? I think that's a good thing.

Mike Pence: -- he speaks from his heart. And --

Lesley Stahl: Well, I --

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I speak from my heart and my brain. Just so we understand (LAUGHTER).

Mike Pence: Right.

Donald Trump: This is maybe more important.

Lesley Stahl: -- Let's go to trade. You have voted for every trade agreement when you were in Congress --

Mike Pence: I have.

Lesley Stahl: -- that came before you. You're supporting the Trans-Pacific Partnership that Mr. Trump says would rape this country. Now, are you going to be able to go out and campaign in support of his protectionist positions?

Mike Pence: I support free trade, and so does Donald Trump.

Lesley Stahl: Not really --

Donald Trump: I do. I'm free trade, but I want to make good deals. No, no, I'm all for free --

Lesley Stahl: You've talked

Donald Trump: -- trade. You --

Lesley Stahl: -- about --

Donald Trump: -- know I'm not an isolationist. A lot of people think because I want to make good deals --

Lesley Stahl: You want to undo --

Donald Trump: -- these are stupid people --

Lesley Stahl: -- these --

Donald Trump: -- wait a minute Lesley, these are stupid people that think that. I want to make great deals for our country. We have deals like the deal signed by Bill Clinton, NAFTA, one of the worst things that ever happened to this country in terms of trade, in terms of economics.

Lesley Stahl: What do you think about NAFTA?

Mike Pence: You're absolutely right. I've supported free trade throughout my career. But --

Lesley Stahl: Okay.

Mike Pence: -- the truth of the matter is NAFTA has provisions in that law that call for it to be reviewed, that have never been -- never been -- initiated. What -- what I hear Donald Trump saying is let's -- let's look at these trade agreements and reconsider them and renegotiate them. And --

Lesley Stahl: And you're okay with --

Mike Pence: -- with regard to --

Lesley Stahl: -- that?

Mike Pence: -- and with regard to other trade agreements, we've talked about this. I-- I really do believe when the American people elect one of the best negotiators in the world as president of the United States, we would do well --

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back jobs --

Mike Pence: -- to negotiate individually -- with countries.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back our jobs, we're going to bring back our wealth, we're going to take care of our people. Very simple.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. More issues. Waterboarding. Mr. Trump wants to bring back waterboarding, and quote, "A hell of a lot more." Are you comfortable with bringing back waterboarding?

Mike Pence: I don't think we should ever tell our enemy what our tactics are.

Lesley Stahl: But what about that? What --

Mike Pence: I don't --

Lesley Stahl: -- about -- he's publicly --

Donald Trump: I like that answer.

Lesley Stahl: -- said that --

Mike Pence: I don't think we should -- I -- I think --

Lesley Stahl: But are you okay with the idea of --

Mike Pence: -- I think --

Lesley Stahl: -- waterboarding?

Mike Pence: -- I think enhanced interrogation saved lives.

Lesley Stahl: And you're okay with --

Mike Pence: I --

Lesley Stahl: -- that?

Mike Pence: -- what I'm okay with -- what I'm okay with is protecting the American people. What I'm okay with is when people have the intent to come to this country and c-- take American lives, that -- that we are -- or that -- that we are prepared to do what's necessary to gain the information to protect the people of this country--

Donald Trump: But Lesley, let's step further. We have an enemy, ISIS and others, who chop off heads, who drown people in steel cages and we can't do waterboarding --

Lesley Stahl: Okay, but, but why --

Donald Trump: -- okay, they're not playing --

Lesley Stahl: -- would you use their --

Donald Trump: -- under [Inaudible] because you know --

Lesley Stahl: -- techniques?

Donald Trump: -- what, those techniques get information. I don't care what anyone says.

Lesley Stahl: Are you agreeing with him?

Mike Pence: I am --

Donald Trump: And get information --

Mike Pence: -- what I --

Donald Trump: -- using those things.

Mike Pence: -- what I can tell you is enhanced information gleaned information that saved American lives and, I was informed, prevented incoming terrorist attacks on this country from being successful. The American people expect the president of the United States to be prepared to support action to protect the people of this nation, and I know Donald Trump will.

Lesley Stahl: Have you answered me?

Mike Pence: I have.

Lesley Stahl: Let's talk about the convention. You're a showman. What are you going to do to keep it (CHUCKLE) from being a snooze-o-rama, as some have happened.

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're going to have an exciting time. We've got some wonderful speakers. We have some very talented people. My family's going to speak.

Lesley Stahl: Worried about violence outside? This is -- an open-carry state. People can carry guns. There'll be demonstrators. They've already said they're going to carry assault rifles. Are you worried? And would you call on people not to carry their guns?

Donald Trump: I have great faith in law enforcement. If they don't want to take their guns, I think that's fantastic. But I have great confidence in law enforcement. The police like Donald Trump. It's law and order. And I have great confidence that they will do a great job.

Lesley Stahl: There's no question in anybody's mind that you want to win this election. I don't think anyone would doubt that. But what about being president? Do you really want to be president of the United States?

Donald Trump: I want to make America great again. Honestly. I want to make Am-- I'm not doing this because -- I'm sacrificing tremendous things. I could be doing other things. It's lovely to sit down with you and be grilled. That's okay. But I could be doing other things right now. And I have some of the greatest properties in the world. I could be out there --

Lesley Stahl: Would you rather be out there?

Donald Trump: I tell you what. I've really enjoyed this process. I've gotten to know the people of this country. I've gotten to know places that I didn't know, that I read about, but I didn't know. I've also gotten to see the problems. And it's a movement.

Donald Trump: Now, when you ask me the question, do I want to be?

Lesley Stahl: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I want to be for one reason. I want to make America safe again, and I want to make America great again. That's why I'm doing this. And I love it.

Lesley Stahl: And you want to govern? I mean it --

Donald Trump: I do want to govern.

Lesley Stahl: It is different --

Donald Trump: I do --

Lesley Stahl: -- building a movement--

Donald Trump: I govern my -- I --

Lesley Stahl: -- and than -- going in there with the nitty gritty and --

Lesley Stahl: -- all that tough decision-making.

Donald Trump: Sure. No, no I want to govern

Lesley Stahl: Okay, this is my absolute final question.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Lesley Stahl: You're not known to be a humble man. But I wonder --

Donald Trump: I think I am, actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.

Lesley Stahl: As you think about -- prospect of running this country in these tough times where the world is spinning apart -- are you awed? Are you intimidated? Are you humbled by the enormity of this?

Donald Trump: You just said it best.

Mike Pence: Mmm.

Donald Trump: In a world that's spinning apart. That's what I'm thinking of. I'm not thinking of, "Oh gee, isn't this wonderful? Isn't this great what I've done?" I've had people that said, "It doesn't matter if you win or lose, what you've done has never been done before. You're going to go down in the history books."

Donald Trump: You know what I say to 'em?" I say, "You're wrong." I will consider it, 'cause I funded my own primaries, I'm funding now a lot of this campaign. I'm putting in, you know -- I've spent $55 million in the primaries.

Donald Trump: I'm spending a fortunate now. I'll tell you, it is spinning. Our world is spinning out of control. Our country's spinning out of control. That's what I think about. And I'll stop that. [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: Not-- humbled or-- awe.

Mike Pence: I can say to 'ya -- what --

Lesley Stahl: Go ahead.

Mike Pence: Talking with him in private settings, I love the words you used because this man is awed with the American people, and he is not intimidated by the world. And Donald Trump, this good man, I believe, will be a great president of the United States.

Donald Trump: I love what he just said.