Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-steve-bannon-breitbart-october-28-2016

Alex Marlow: With me now on the line is Donald J. Trump, running for president. The Republican nominee from New York. Mr. Trump thanks for joining me on Breitbart News Daily, and, first of all, congrats on the new hotel that opened yesterday.

Donald Trump: Oh, thank you it's great. It's great, on Pennsylvania Avenue. I figure I'll get there one way or the other. We'll get to Pennsylvania one way or the other.

Donald Trump: Well, we hope it's the way I'm doing now with the campaign.

Alex Marlow: And while you, well, you'll have two properties on Pennsylvania if things go according to plan. Let's talk about the hotel quickly, because I was so flabbergasted by the media trying to hold it against you that you delivered a hotel that you bid on. It was a government bid and for $200 million, you put 200 million more in it, finish it under budget and ahead of schedule, and the Clinton News Network, as it has become known, actually sort of attacked you for it. What was that about?

Donald Trump: Amazing thing happened. I thought that it would be perfect timing. In fact it just happened to be completed right before the election. And I said, 'Wow, what timing.

Donald Trump: That's a gift,' because we built it under budget and ahead of schedule, which is something the government never does. I mean when they build a hospital it'll cost, it'll start off at 600 million and cost $2 billion, OK? It's horrible what, what goes on. I look at the numbers and they build a highway, a road, a tunnel. It could cost three, four times as much sometimes.

Donald Trump: So I said, you know, this is great. We have a building that's one of the great, it's going to be one of the great hotels of the world in one of the most beautiful buildings in the country.

Alex Marlow: The building's exceptional.

Donald Trump: Yes, built in 1889, and it's a landmark, and it's just an incredible building. So I said, 'Wow this is great timing, you know, even for the campaign.' And so we opened it and all I heard, now you have to understand that I've been doing more campaigning probably they say than anybody maybe ever in terms of presidential. I'm from 6 in the morning till 2 in the morning. Literally I get ho -- I get in sometimes at 2.

Donald Trump: Today we're going to Iowa, we're going to Maine, Manchester, New Hampshire, we're all over the place. And, you know, all day long it's different places. So we came in from North Carolina and we immediately left for Pennsylvania after the hotel, and they put out a narrative that Donald Trump takes time off from his campaign.

Donald Trump: Now, Hillary Clinton goes home and stays there all day and she'll come out for one event or two, not even two events. I mean, she really rarely does two events because I don't think she has the strength to do two events. But she'll do very little by comparison. I'm not knocking it, I'm saying, you know, she's got this machine behind her, the Democratic machine, what's all it is, that's what she's got.

Donald Trump: And the media's behind her so much. So she'll do, you know, a very short session and go home and go to sleep. And they put out a narrative like I'm taking time off from the campaign. Actually, I viewed it differently.

Donald Trump: I mean, the under-budget, ahead-of-schedule is a very important thing.

Alex Marlow: This is a big success for you. This is what you do.

Donald Trump: And importantly, my children were involved and I wanted to honor my children. Because how could I have an opening of a massive hotel with thousands of employees -- you know, we had thousands of construction workers, everything -- and how could I possibly do that when, you know, I'm opening this big building on Pennsylvania Avenue, not run and run out. Cut the ribbon, run in, run out, right? So I did that, and they had, they made such a big deal over the fact that I was taking time off from the campaign, which, by the way, would have been about the first time in two months, and I thought it was disgusting. I thought it was terrible.

Donald Trump: I honored my children. We honored the hotel itself, I mean, it's a tremendous hotel. And we honored all the workers. I mean, even the workers they, we had, you know, tremendous numbers of workers and construction workers there that built it over a two-year period.

Donald Trump: And even the workers there, it would have been very disrespectful if I didn't show up, so I thought it was a terrible thing. And you're right. The Clinton News Network really built it up and it's just amazing.

Alex Marlow: So the polls are looking great for you. In the ABC/Washington Post tracking poll has you closing the gap 8 points in just four days. We have our Breitbart/Gravis poll, where you're only down 1 nationally. You're up in Florida according to Bloomberg.

Alex Marlow: So the path is there and I really think that the key has been, Hillary Clinton has been in the news, as opposed to Donald Trump scandals, either real or fabricated. The last week or so you guys have kept Clinton in the news. How do you keep her in the news for the next 11 days?

Donald Trump: Well, we're doing our rallies. We are, you know you're seeing the crowds we're getting, we're getting 25, 30,000 people to a rally, and we're doing our rallies and doing a speech that very much, it's not the same speech at all, it's just a speech that very much talks about the same topics: Obamacare, which is a disaster. We've gotta repeal and replace it, and we can do that with something so good; taxes -- we talk about taxes are way too high. She's giving a tax increase.

Donald Trump: We're giving a tax decrease. We talk about regulations, we talk about the depleted military and how we're going to take care of the vets. We're going to really take care of our vets for the first time maybe ever, and she can't do that. She thinks the system is OK the way it is.

Donald Trump: So she's got some really bad things, saving our Second Amendment, which is so important, it's under siege. So we have some things that are, you know, we have, we have the right points and the press has been unbelievably unfair to us. You know, when you talk about different things, a lot of things they just make up. You'll make a statement that is a perfect statement, and they'll find a way to take that statement, chop it up, and make it bad.

Donald Trump: It's incredible actually. It's incredible.

Alex Marlow: This is Breitbart News Daily on the Sirius XM Patriot channel 125, Alex Marlow host. Donald J. Trump is our guest. Mr.

Alex Marlow: Trump, can you explain to people who might not be a huge fan of yours but also do not like Hillary Clinton, especially these conservatives out there, what's your pitch to these voters who might be holding out and might be ensuring a Clinton White House?

Donald Trump: Well, Alex, one of the things is the United States Supreme Court. You know, we're going to pick justices in the mold of Judge Scalia, Justice Scalia, conservative, pro-life. We're going to pick Second Amendment people, people that respect the Second Amendment. And we've put out a list all vetted by federalists, Federalist Society, highly recommended by them and we have a list of 20 judges, and we're putting them out.

Donald Trump: And it's been, the list has been unbelievably well-received, because I wanted to make sure they understood that, you know, we're putting out a very important list, and not that I'd pick some liberal judge after they chose me. So I actually put out a list from which I will only pick. In other words, I will only pick one of these people given to us by the Federalist Society and also Heritage, who, run by a great guy, Jim.

Donald Trump: But we, so we have a list of great judges and if for no other reason, that should be a reason because it doesn't get talked about enough. But the United States Supreme Court --

Alex Marlow: I think that's on the money. I would submit another one, and I think this was, should have been, in a fair media this would have been the signature moment of the campaign, is the WikiLeak that Hillary Clinton told the Brazilian bank for a quarter of a million dollars that she wants hemispheric open borders. Give me your reaction to that quote.

Donald Trump: Incredible. And I mentioned it every single speech. But she wants open borders, [Inaudible] free trade. I mean, you know, she wants trade, so you lose your businesses and you lose your country if you do that.

Donald Trump: But absolutely.

Alex Marlow: Another key vulnerability she has, and she has, it's been 18 months even on the campaign trail, she has not been asked, she has not had to answer one question about her State Department approving 20 percent of U.S. uranium to Russia and the Clinton Foundation bagging 145 million in the process. How is this possible? And your thoughts on her Russian uranium deal.

Donald Trump: There has never been anything like it. To me, that's one of the worst things. And I don't know, it just doesn't seem to get picked up by anybody. They don't pick up a lot of things.

Donald Trump: They won't pick up all the things that came out yesterday. Now one thing I will say, the WikiLeaks seem to be getting worse and worse. Do you agree with that? I mean, it seems like --

Alex Marlow: I do. Yes.

Donald Trump: The initial ones were bad, but they seem to be getting worse and worse. You know, one that you may disagree with me, but to me it was very important, when Donna Brazile had the answers to the debate, or the questions to the debate, and she gave them to Hillary Clinton, and Hillary Clinton used them and didn't turn them in.

Donald Trump: I thought that was incredible. I mean that was, that was, in terms of honor. So Donna Brazile got the questions to the debate and she gave the questions to Hillary Clinton. This came out in WikiLeaks also, as you know, and Hillary Clinton, instead of saying, 'I'm sorry, I can't use these,' and turning them in, Hillary Clinton used them and only got caught because of WikiLeaks.

Donald Trump: I thought that was a terrible one, I mean, to be honest with you.

Alex Marlow: And you so, and so when you talk about the system being rigged, it's not just necessarily voter fraud. A lot of it has to do with the media.

Donald Trump: Yea, it's voter fraud, too, but it's also the media, and it's also the fact that she's even allowed to run. Hey, look, the FBI looked at many, many criminal events, including the deletion of 33,000 emails after she got a subpoena. She got a subpoena. She got a subpoena from the United States Congress.

Donald Trump: And then after getting the subpoena she probably said, 'Oh, we gotta get rid of this stuff.' They deleted 33,000 emails. I mean, if you look at nothing else, I usually use that because it's so simple. You know, that's, like, simple. But if you use nothing else, nobody is allowed to do that.

Donald Trump: And the private server, that came off the private server. And I'll tell you what, those emails contain boffo information. Those emails, they have got things on there that are, for them to do that, and then bleach the emails, a very expensive process on top of it, get rid of her iPhone.

Alex Marlow: And why would you do that if you didn't have something to hide? Mr. Trump, you've been so generous --

Donald Trump: And even getting rid of the phones, and they smashed them. By hammer.

Alex Marlow: Yea by hammer. Right. Yea. Classy move there by the Clintons yet again.

Alex Marlow: Mr. Trump, you've been so generous with your time. I would love to have you back and talk about debt, talk about Obamacare. There's so many more key issues we could get into, but I want to close with you with a question about what I believe is a movement that you're the figurehead on top of it, but I think that the impact in this race is going to last for a very long time in American history.

Alex Marlow: And I want to speak, wanted you to speak to your role in terms of the transformational nature of your campaign in American politics and what the establishment has to fear.

Donald Trump: Well, Alex, it is a movement. I've never seen anything like it. I go and we will have crowds of 20,000, 25,000 people routinely, in an area where she would go and have 300 people, 400 people and can't even fill up the seats. This is a movement like no other.

Donald Trump: I mean, Bill O'Reilly said it and many others have said that, and these are people that don't necessarily even like me. But O'Reilly said this is the single greatest political phenomena he's ever seen in his lifetime. And he said, and he's seen a lot of them. But he said, 'I've never seen anything like what's happened, what's taken over.' And it's, I'm the messenger, believe me, I'm the messenger.

Donald Trump: These are the forgotten people, these are great people. They shouldn't be forgotten. These are great people, they're brilliant people, they're smart people, really amazing people. They love the country.

Donald Trump: And they've totally been forgotten. I call them the forgotten man and women of this country. They, their jobs have been taken away, violently, viciously, and maybe, most important, stupidly, and they've been shipped out to Mexico. Their factories have been uprooted and moved to Mexico, where they hire Mexicans to do the work.

Donald Trump: And then the product comes nicely into our country and no tax, no nothing. Well, that's gonna all change, and you will see such change, and that it's so easy to stop that from happening. But the politicians are all taken care of. First of all, in many cases they're not smart, but they're also taken care of by special interests that want this to happen because they have ownership interests and lots of other reasons for it to happen.

Donald Trump: But the jobs, I have traveled around this country and I have seen places that were vibrant 25 years ago. I've seen NAFTA, what NAFTA has done to our country is incredible. Probably 40 percent of our manufacturing jobs have been shipped to other places. And it's only getting worse, and now they wanna do TPP, which will be not as bad as NAFTA, but it'll be very bad.

Donald Trump: It will be a continuation of the same. And somehow they've, they've agreed with my message. I mean, that's one of the messages. The borders are a message, you remember when I announced in Trump Tower we talked about borders.

Donald Trump: We talked about people coming into the country. Well, I was right. People are coming into the country, and many of those people are violent, violent. And whether it's Kate Steinle or Jamiel Shaw, or thousands of other people that are being just absolutely decimated by criminals that are pouring into the country.

Donald Trump: It is a very, very sad thing to see what's happening. A very, very sad thing, and people see this, and then you have the military, which, as you know, is depleted, and we want to build it back up and I want to take care of the vets and the Second Amendment. We have NRA total approval, but all of those things, but I think the biggest thing really are the borders, the people coming in, and the borders. We're taking in Syrians now by the thousands.

Donald Trump: And we have no idea who they are. And Hillary Clinton wants to raise it by 550 percent, and we have no idea who these people are. They can't vet them because they have no paperwork, no nothing, and they could be ISIS, and it could be ISIS from within. And I say, it's so sad, Alex, when I watch it, and I see it and I've given this speech and it's been hitting for a long time.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what, you see the polls -- I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening over the last week, but we're being, we're being thrust right to the lead of this, of this election. We had a poll, which I think was a total phony poll, but last week we were 12 down with ABC.

Alex Marlow: Yes.

Donald Trump: And they said they've never seen anything, now we're at 3 or 4 down. And we're, you know, considered to be virtually tied. I don't believe the 12. I'm not sure I believe the 3.

Donald Trump: You go to Florida, you see lines that are four blocks long. You've been hearing about it. In Florida, they're voting, early voting, and the lines are four, they're four blocks long. Look at North Carolina.

Donald Trump: Look at Ohio. Look what's happening. The spirit and the love. And I think Pennsylvania's gonna be a big surprise for people because I'm getting crowds in Pennsylvania like, like practically nowhere else.

Donald Trump: So it is a movement. It's a movement like they've never seen in this country. And I'll tell you what, it will be a really unified country if we win because we're going to do the right thing. And if we lose I just don't know what's going to happen.

Donald Trump: I don't know what's going to happen. People are asking me that question. I just don't know.

Alex Marlow: That's Donald J Trump. He's a New York billionaire riding a populist wave in the Republican nomination. Has a lot of momentum in the polls. Thank you so much, Mr.

Alex Marlow: Trump, for joining us [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Thank you. Alex [Inaudible].

Alex Marlow: Thank you, sir. We'll hopefully catch up with you later on. You can obviously spend quite a bit of time with that man. Got a lot to say on a lot of the core issues of our time.