Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-news-september-21-2016

Sean Hannity: Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Sean Hannity: Well, it's great to see you. How are you?

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: You heard all of those statistics. You cite a lot of them in your speeches.

Donald Trump: Right, I do.

Sean Hannity: Really bad.

Donald Trump: Bad, very bad. For the African American community, very bad and honestly for the community of this country. I mean we're not doing well. You know that. Our good jobs have been taken away. They've gone to Mexico. They've gone to all over the place, but they haven't come back to us. So, we're going to make some very big changes.

Sean Hannity: But disproportionately, black Americans have suffered the most.

Donald Trump: Totally, absolutely, it's not even close. That's why I say, you know like I can fix it. We're going to fix it. And I always say, "What do you have to lose?" Some people like that and some people don't. But it's like -- and people are using that statement all over the place now. What do you have to lose? It's so bad.

Donald Trump: Some of the inner cities are so bad that it's -- look, it's a disgrace frankly, what's happened.

Sean Hannity: When you look at these numbers, a 20 percent jump in the number of African Americans no longer in the workforce, 58 percent increase, black Americans on food stamps.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: This is only since Obama has been president. Homeownership rate. I go through the entire list. You have made it a point in this campaign to go to specifically to reach out to black Americans, go to black churches and say, "Give me a chance." Historically, Republicans haven't done that. Why is this so important to you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think maybe I'm a little different than a lot of the Republicans. I think some of the states we're leading, like I see we're doing great in Maine. We're doing great in Connecticut. We're doing great in places that normally a Republican wouldn't do as well. And some of them, I mean really they wouldn't do well at all.

Donald Trump: They haven't won these states in years. Colorado has been amazing. It's been like incredible, what's gone on. Wisconsin, we're doing great. So we, you know, we're doing well in places that a lot of people wouldn't do very well.

Sean Hannity: What are the specific ideas in your economic plan? I know for example, trade is a big part of it. I know you're going to let multinational corporations bring back trillions of dollars from overseas. You've talked at length about energy independence. How does that help people that are here, people that are in cities like Detroit, cities that are deteriorating?

Donald Trump: Well, it's about jobs. Look, our jobs have been stripped. You look at Detroit where I went with -- I tell you what, we had -- we had such an amazing time with Bishop Jackson and here we have -- I'll tell you my pastor, right? What a pastor, Darrell Scott. He is and he's become a big television star, but he's never going to leave anybody over here.

Donald Trump: But he's become a big television [Inaudible].

Sean Hannity: He co-hosts my show now every night, so.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Is that right? That's good, but he's a fantastic guy. You have some incredible people and by the way, they're not allowed really to speak their mind. You know, because if they do, they have the Johnson amendment to contend with. We're going to terminate that job. These are the people that you want to have speaking for you and freely speaking for you.

Donald Trump: But we need jobs. We need jobs, desperately need jobs. Now, obviously we need the schools, we need the education, we need all sorts of things and especially the inner cities. The inner cities are -- I mean can you say never, but certainly one of the worst stages ever in the history of the inner city. It's so unsafe where you walk down the street, you get shot or your child gets shot.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to -- we're going to really fix the inner cities. We're going to spend a lot of time. The Democrats have run them for 100 years, mostly uninterrupted. I mean, nobody else. It's just uninterrupted and you see what's happened.

Sean Hannity: The high school graduation -- graduation rate, 9 percent lower for African-Americans than the national average. High school dropout rate, African-Americans, is higher than the national average. Inner city schools seem to be suffering the most. You say let local communities and states handle education.

Donald Trump: Well, we're taking away Common Core. Common Core out of Washington is a disaster, right? We're going to knock it out, boom, boom. And I mean, look at the people, look at the way -- right? Look at the people the way they -- the mothers and the aunts and the uncles and the fathers, they want to run their schools.

Donald Trump: And right now you can't. They're being run out of Washington by people that -- look, I'm sure some are very good and very caring, but a lot of them are just bureaucrats that want to pick up a check. We want the schools to be run locally.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you about what has been going on in Charlotte. You saw what happened last night in North Carolina. The police did say that the individual was armed, they announced this morning, but you have these high profile cases. It all started with Obama saying the Cambridge police started -- acted stupidly.

Sean Hannity: Trayvon, that could have been me 35 years ago. He'd look like my son. He weighed in on Ferguson and Michael Brown and Freddie Gray and all these high profile race cases. But I just gave a statistic that I think should shock everybody's conscience and soul. I'm in a church, pastor. And that is 3,660 people are dead since Obama's been president in his hometown of Chicago.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: I bet this -- I bet nobody knows the names of any of those 3,660.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: Why is that?

Donald Trump: Well, the violence in the inner city is incredible. In particular, I watched Tulsa and I know Tulsa. This is -- the man just happened.

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: Hands up. He was doing everything he was supposed to do.

Sean Hannity: I saw it, yes.

Donald Trump: Everything. And a young -- I don't know, you can come -- I don't care where you're coming from. There was something really bad going --

Sean Hannity: You saw it. He had his hands up like this.

Donald Trump: But I don't know if she choked, he was walking, his hands were high, he was walking to the car, he put the hands on the car. Now, maybe she choked. Something really bad happened. But this is something you know [Inaudible].

Sean Hannity: How do we stop this -- this cycle of -- of violence and more particularly, I mentioned Chicago, 75 percent of those shootings are -- are black Americans, 3,660 since Obama's president.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: This year alone, over 3,000 shot in one city. Now, I would think if it was your home city of New York, you would have gone to New York and tried to do something about it.

Donald Trump: Well, I was in New York when it was really --

Sean Hannity: Bad.

Donald Trump: -- numbers never like that. I mean Chicago is, you know, you take some of these cities, it's worse than -- and there's two Chicagos. There's the luxury Chicago where I have this incredible hotel and it's a whole different world. And then you have the other side of the world where it's horrible. Now, I have to say, the crime is just beyond anything.

Donald Trump: It's worse than Afghanistan. You know, I said worse than some of the war-torn cities and you know that's true. But in New York we had Rudy Giuliani, did a fantastic job. He was a great mayor. He really was. And we had horrible numbers and we had a wonderful police commissioner working with Rudy. And they started Stop and Frisk.

Donald Trump: And they did a great job and New York became from one of the more unsafe cities to one of the largest, maybe the largest safe city, I think, right? I think it was the largest safe city --

Sean Hannity: About 2500 murders a year --

Donald Trump: -- in the world or something.

Sean Hannity: -- went down to -- to 500.

Donald Trump: Yes, so it went -- it was unbelievable and it was Stop and Frisk. Now they've stopped it in New York, let's see what happens. But Chicago maybe more than ever, you're going to need something because what's going on there is absolutely out of control.

Sean Hannity: Let me -- let me ask this question. Hillary Clinton has played the race card against you in this campaign.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: She's talked about, I guess all of us, if you're supporting Donald Trump, you're a deplorable person, irredeemable. Pastor, I thought everybody was redeemable, if you -- if you say you're sorry for your sins. Right? OK. Well, and that racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic.

Donald Trump: She went through the whole list.

Sean Hannity: The whole list and check everything off. Does that aggravate you? Does that annoy you?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to know from where it comes. I mean, I understand what's going on and, you know, it's their only hope. They see what's happening with the polls. You see what's happening with the polls. We have a movement going on, Sean, and this is white, black, Asian, everybody. We have a movement going, Hispanic.

Donald Trump: Because people are tired of what's going on in the country. You know, we spent trillions of dollars, $6 trillion now in the Middle East and you come to Cleveland or you go to Detroit or Philadelphia and we -- we can't build a school. We can't even paint the classrooms.

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: We build schools in these places and they knock them down. We build them again, they knock them down. We do it a third time. Look, it is insane. We spend six -- we're up to $6 trillion in the Middle East and our roads have potholes, our highways are in bad shape, our bridges are falling down. So, it's -- it's -- people are tired.

Sean Hannity: But when she uses all of -- all of those names, now, she has taken money from countries like the UAE and Kuwait and Oman and -- and Saudi Arabia. So, she says you're racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, but she takes money from a country that tells -- where men tell women how to dress, women can't drive.

Sean Hannity: Women are told whether they can go to school or work. Gays and lesbians are killed for being gay and lesbian, and by the way, they persecute Christians and they persecute Jews. Is that hypocrisy?

Donald Trump: Well, look, everybody understands what's going on there. And it's a whole pay for play deal and a lot of people have been saying it and for some reason nobody is picking it up. They're just not picking it up. They don't want to pick it up. They don't like seeing what's happening in the polls. They don't like where we're leading in Florida.

Donald Trump: We're leading in Ohio.

Sean Hannity: By the way, the electoral map according to Reuters, you're -- it's 243 to 242.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: That's how close the race is. Coming up, we're just getting started. Donald Trump with us for the entire hour. Coming up next, we'll talk to the Reverend Darrell Scott, Reverend CL Bryant and much more. Also, Don King is in the house. He'll join us, straight ahead.

Unidentified: The world's most exciting technology doesn't go on your wrist. The highly advanced Audi A4 with class leading horsepower. Sport your fall favorites. Find your style at Men's Warehouse during our fall wardrobe event. Buy one get one free on great designer looks going on now. Men's Wearhouse. Rise to the occasion.

Unidentified: Let's make this fast. Square lets you accept all major credit cards, fast like this, fast like this, or really fast like this. It's always the same fee across the board for every swipe, dip or tap, with no surprise fees. Deposits come fast, like as soon as the next business day fast. And you can see when your money is in your account, so you know you just got paid fast.

Unidentified: Your first card reader is free. It couldn't be any simpler. Get started free and fast @square.com and start selling faster with Square.

Hillary Clinton: Trump's ideas would be disastrous.

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton thinks she's above the law.

Unidentified: The first presidential debates on Fox News Channel. We are America's election headquarters. Since the beginning, there's been one pioneering light, illuminating the path for others to follow, designed to see and be seen. This is how an Audi earns its rings. LED technology found in the Audi Q5. Get an exceptional offer at your local Audi dealer.

Davina Keiser: Good schools are important to my students and California. That's why voters passed a law to ensure that schools get 43 percent of any new tax revenue. I was astounded to learn that Prop 56 was written intentionally to undermine that guarantee. Prop 56 raises $1.4 billion a year in new taxes and gives most of that money to wealthy special interests like insurance companies.

Davina Keiser: But not one penny goes to improve our kids' schools. That's just bad math.

Patricia Stark: This is a Fox News alert. I'm Patricia Stark. A deadly shooting at a mall north of Seattle, three people are dead and two others injured, one of them suffering life-threatening injuries. This is a picture of the suspect. Police describe him as a Hispanic male, between 20 to 25 years old. It happened in Burlington about 65 miles north of Seattle.

Patricia Stark: Shoppers and workers sheltered in place before being evacuated. Witnesses say the gunman fled the scene and took off on foot toward a nearby highway carrying a rifle. Well, another night of protests on the streets of Charlotte. It's the fourth night in a row they've been on the streets since a cop shot and killed Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday.

Patricia Stark: Police say, he pointed a gun at them. His family insists he only had a book in his hand at the time. Hours earlier, the Scott's wife releasing her own cell phone video from Tuesday's shooting incident.

Unidentified: Keith, Keith, Keith, don't you do it.

Patricia Stark: Right now, Police Chief Kerr Putney says video from a police body cam and a dashboard cam will not be released until their investigation is complete. Mayor Jennifer Roberts supports the eventual release of those videos. The National Guard and state troopers have been called in to help patrol the streets and that city now under a curfew until 6 am. I'm Patricia Stark, and now back to Hannity.

Darrell Scott: And we refuse to allow those who have selfish, political ambitions, the selfish political ambitions of selfish politicians or selfish political parties to continue or endeavor to divide us in order to continue to subjugate us. And I believe that the person that God has raised up for such a crucial time in this nation, for this nation is Mr. Donald Trump.

Sean Hannity: And welcome back to Hannity and we are on the road at the Civic Center. We're in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, that of course Pastor Scott, Reverend Pastor Scott talking about Donald Trump earlier today. He joins us along with radio talk show host, Reverend CL Bryant. Don King is here with us as we continue the 2016 Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump.

Sean Hannity: As I promised, I am turning it over to the audience. Sir, welcome. Thank you for being here.

Unidentified: Thank you. How are you doing, Mr. Trump?

Donald Trump: How are you?

Unidentified: Good, my name is Ricardo Sims and I had a question about there's been a lot of violence in the black community. I want to know what would you do to help stop that violence, you know, black on black crime?

Donald Trump: Right. Well, one of the things I'd do Ricardo is I would do Stop and Frisk. I think you have to. We did it in New York. It worked incredibly well, and you have to be proactive and you know you -- you really help people sort of change their mind automatically. You understand. You -- you have to have -- in my opinion, I see what's going on here.

Donald Trump: I see what's going on in Chicago. I think Stop and Frisk. In New York City, it was so incredible the way it worked. Now, we had a very good mayor, but New York City was incredible the way that worked. So, I think that would be one step you could do.

Sean Hannity: I'll just add one thing to Mr. Trump's comments. The murder rate was around 2500, a very high percentage of African Americans, and it went down below 500 because of the increased police activity and community. So, it was livew saved every year because of the concern and the resources. Pastor Scott, you see the violence.

Sean Hannity: I gave the numbers about Chicago. How does this end?

Darrell Scott: Well, you have to change minds in -- in order to change activity. So, if we can -- Mr. Trump has talked about stimulating the economy and providing jobs. I talked to Mr. Trump and Trump Tower about this issue and he told me he believes a major source of crime is unemployment and -- and a lack of income. So, if he can solve that job problem and we improve our living conditions, it would cause a change in mind which would cause a change in action.

Sean Hannity: It starts with education. You have talked -- explain it. I think this education thing is -- is not talked about enough.

Donald Trump: Well, the inner cities are a disaster as far as schools are concerned, education, you know we build schools all over the Middle East and yet we don't build schools for our own children. The schools in the inner city, the jobs and -- and really what Darrell said is 100 percent. We don't have -- you know, our jobs are being stolen from us. They're going to other countries and the inner cities are absolutely being devastated in terms of jobs.

Donald Trump: You can -- you can speak to some people, 50-year old men, great people, great men. I don't know if they're as good as Don King, but they're pretty good, right? And -- and these are people that had great jobs and they don't have their job anymore. And the job is moved to Mexico. Their -- their factories have moved.

Donald Trump: Their manufacturing has moved to Mexico. And we're not going to let that happen anymore and we can stop it so easily.

Sean Hannity: So, Pastor Bryant, I -- I was a -- a paper boy at eight, washed dishes by hand at 12, a cook at 13, a busboy at 14, a waiter at 15, a bartender at -- at 17. And then I worked the next was laying tile, painting and hanging paper. 55 percent of black teenagers cannot get a summer job. If I didn't have those jobs, I would have been hanging out with all my dopey friends and getting a lot of trouble.

CL Bryant: Right. And you know, Sean, in order to tap into the free market and understand capitalism and of course make the best of what America has to offer, you need an example. And for too many inner city, young people, there's no example of how to make money. That's one of the reasons why I think that Mr. Trump will be a perfect president for this present time, to African American youth because he can show the way.

Sean Hannity: What do you think as a pastor and I'll ask both of you pastors. I'm going to ask Don King. When they play the race card and they run Klan ads against Donald Trump, I can't think of anything more despicable. If I remember, Pastor, my -- my theology class was right, "Thou shalt not bear false witness," was one of the Big Ten.

Sean Hannity: What do you think when you see that?

Sean Hannity: What is that --

Darrell Scott: Well, I think that because they can't attack him on policy, they tried to make it personal. They appeal to the emotions and the sensitivities of not only the black community -- community, but the foreigners and females. So, they'll say don't vote for Donald Trump females, and they'll arouse those emotions.

Darrell Scott: He's a misogynist, he doesn't -- he suppresses and dominates women. Don't vote for him blacks or Hispanics because he's a racist and -- and don't vote for him foreigners because he's a xenophobe. So, they attack him and try to make personal, but they don't attack him politically because that's all they have.

Sean Hannity: But the -- well, that's a good point and I will say this, because this is important, those statistics -- Don King, you have more diamonds on you than anybody I've ever seen. I think we got -- we got to show that cross there to the pastor. That's the biggest one I've ever seen, but Don King, you are an example of an entrepreneur, hard-working that made money in America.

Sean Hannity: Not the statistics that I'm reading. What advice can you give? And what are you asking Donald Trump to do for the black community?

Don King: Well, what I'm asking Donald Trump to do is what Donald Trump volunteered to do is to change the system. It doesn't matter about whatever we say right, wrong or indifferent. If the system don't change, it's going to be the same. So, they say, well, why would make Donald Trump different from Obama or any other president?

Don King: Because he will call them out the same as he did with Lindsay Tucker or what's his name or what's his name -- what's his name, Lindsey --

Donald Trump: Graham.

Don King: -- Lindsey Graham. If you say something to him, he's a fighter. He's going to -- he's going to fight back. So, what the difference is, he will tell on the people who are obstreperous that are blocking the change for the progressive of -- of human beings. First of all, for blacks, we have to first be included.

Don King: We can do all this talk about what you're going to do about jobs. What are you going to do about this? If you ain't included in this system, do not include us, you know? A white woman, they don't include you. You mean, so you got to first and he's the first one that came up with that. He wants to first create a whole new system, take this system apart and then -- then put people together to work together each one to have a part in it to be able to make it happen, working collectively, together.

Don King: Working together, works.

Sean Hannity: Mr. Trump, this is the Diversity Coalition and we have a diverse audience here tonight. What does it mean to you to see people of all races and all religions and all backgrounds going to bat for you in this election the way they are?

Donald Trump: Well, it means a lot. And Don King as an example. First of all, he's a great entrepreneur. You know, he's the greatest boxing promoter ever, but that's the ultimate entrepreneur. And Don King has been my friend for 25 years. He knows me better than most people know me.

Don King: That's correct.

Donald Trump: Wouldn't you say? And when he called me and this wasn't just recently, a long time ago, he endorsed me for president. And I hate -- I shouldn't tell him this. I think he endorsed Bernie Sanders for Vice President. So, we can't say that.

Don King: But, number one, number two, you're [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: We're very happy with Mike pence. I have to be -- where's Mike? He's around here somewhere.

Sean Hannity: Mike's here.

Don King: Well, Mike is advent because Bernie couldn't stand up. He couldn't give up that party loyalty, but he was the number one and number two vote getters.

Sean Hannity: You were doing great up until now. You really were.

Don King: It was the people -- it was the people that would be the ones you know, I look at it like when we first started in this country, the two highest votes would be -- the highest would be president and the second would be vice president. That was before parties. You know what I mean. The two -- the two vote getters would get that.

Sean Hannity: I think what America wants success and results.

Donald Trump: Right, they want -- they're tired.

Don King: If they want results, and that's what he spells and he --

Sean Hannity: They're hurting.

Don King: He's the epitome of that, he's the spirit of America. John Paul Jones, you know when the captain said, "Do your surrender? Do you surrender?" He said, "I have not yet begun to fight." Come and get the British ship. You know what I mean? And went on and navigated himself to the Promised Land.

Sean Hannity: When we come back, we'll have more questions from our audience right here in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, plus Omarosa, Larry Elder [Inaudible], they'll join Donald Trump on stage. That and more, as Hannity continues.

Don King: Don't stop now. We've never --

Donald Trump: One day I said, "What do you have to lose? I mean, what do you have to lose? I'm going to fix it. What do you have to lose?"

Unidentified: Shop like a pro at Bass Pro Shops with two big sales to gear up and save like RedHead Men's Finley River shirts for under $18, and Lacrosse Alpha Lite waterproof boots for under $80. Bass Pro Shops, your adventure starts here. I've been taking fish oil from Nature's Bounty to support my heart. Eating better, keeping healthy so that no matter what happens in the future, my future self will thank me. Thank you.

Unidentified: 45 years of experience has taught us no matter what the future holds, you're always better off healthy. Nature's bounty. The itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout, down came the rain and clogged the gutter system, creating with homeowners insurance water completely destroyed his Swedish foam mattress.

Unidentified: He got full replacement and now owns the Sleep Number bed. His sleep number setting is 25. Call Geico and see how much you could save on homeowners insurance. You have a vision. It's behind everything you do, even when you least expect it. It comes through. You know what you want and we can help make it real.

Unidentified: You need choices. We've got all kinds including special finishes and papers and they're all absolutely guaranteed, because you have a vision and we have your card. 500 started just 9.99 when you enter BC 500 @vistaprint.com.

Chuck Woolery: You know, millions of Americans suffer from back pain, but now they can turn to Australian Dream for a real medicine from a trusted name in pain relief.

Unidentified: Australian Dream doesn't burn and there's no odor. There's real medicine in there and it works on my back pain. If you have back pain, this stuff really works.

Chuck Woolery: If you have back pain, get burn free odor free Australian Dream. It's effective relief for back pain. Backed by the Empty Jar Guarantee. Australian Dream, real medicine, trusted relief.

Sean Hannity: And welcome back to Hannity and joining us now from the Tea Party, forward chairman is Niger Innis, nationally syndicated Salem radio talk show host Larry Elder, and senior adviser for the African American Outreach for the campaign. She goes by one name, Omarosa. All right? Good to see you. And you were great last night.

Sean Hannity: Both of you, thank you. We're going to go back to the audience as I've been promising. Sir, how are you? Thank you for joining us.

Corbin Stacey: Assalamu alaikum. My name is Staff Sergeant Corbin Stacy. I'm medically retired. I'm a disabled veteran. With the opiate problem -- with the opiate problem that we're having in this country, I watched my friends get addicted. I watched my superiors get pill chase and all that. But my question is what is your opinion on the criminal justice system pertaining to the drug sentencing for addicts and for those who sell them?

Donald Trump: Well, it really starts -- it's a huge problem. The drug problem in this country is incredible. It's coming from the southern border, much of it, a real big percentage of it. You know, if you take a place like Ohio and you go to New Hampshire, you go to Pennsylvania, you go to so many of the different places, North Carolina, South Carolina.

Donald Trump: It's just pouring into our country all over. I mean all over. Some states worse than -- I mean New Hampshire has got a problem. It's their number one thing. They don't talk about -- that's what they want to solve is the heroin problem, the problem with drugs. We have to strengthen our borders. We're going to build a wall.

Donald Trump: Believe me, the wall is going up. We have to strengthen -- the drugs -- Sean, the drugs are coming in, they are poisoning our country, not only our youth, you know, we always say youth, well, the youth is being poisoned, but the whole country. I mean --

Sean Hannity: It's horrible.

Donald Trump: -- men, women, 50-years old, 70-years old. I've never seen anything like it. The drugs are pouring across the border. It's like water. And we're going to solve that problem. We have to also help the people that are addicted. We have so many people already addicted. We have to help them.

Sean Hannity: You know I --

Donald Trump: It's a great question.

Sean Hannity: You know, I -- I was down at the border 12 times, all the way from the Rio Grande to San Diego. I was in a helicopter, boats, all terrain vehicle, horseback, believe it or not. And I went into a drug warehouse bigger than this room times ten floor to ceiling drugs. Big problem in every community in America now, especially this heroin epidemic.

Sean Hannity: Niger, I know you've talked about it. How do we -- if we build the wall, isn't that going to prevent a lot of those drugs from coming in?

Niger Innis: It's not only building the wall which needs to be done, but it's a question of leadership. You and I, Mr. Trump were in New York in the early 90s. And when Rudy Giuliani came in, he created a revolution in New York that reduced crime, homelessness and the crisis.

Sean Hannity: He was attacked -- remember, he was attacked for being a racist because he went into the communities where the crimes were taking place and lo and behold, people's lives were saved.

Niger Innis: Absolutely and I have no doubt that Mr. Trump is going to do for the United States of America what Rudy did for New York.

Sean Hannity: Larry, you're the sage from South Central. You, me, Niger, we've been friends a long time.

Larry Elder: Right.

Sean Hannity: Both of you as friends have taken a lot of heat for being black Americans and conservative. The -- historically the black vote goes to the Democratic Party. Why?

Larry Elder: The Democratic Party has convinced black people that they're victims, that they're perpetual victims, and those guys over there, Tea Party Republicans, black Republicans, Republicans in general are -- are the villains. And we wear the white hat. They wear the black hat. That's what they've done. The number one problem facing the black community is the absence of fathers in the home.

Larry Elder: Almost -- Sean, you know, I've been doing -- I've been doing radio for about 25 years, and in 25 years I've asked Reverend Jesse Jackson to come on my show about 50 times. He won't do it. Sharpton about 50 times. He won't do it. I've asked Farrakhan several times. The one black leader who did come on my show was Kweisi Mfume when he was head of the NAACP.

Larry Elder: My first question was Mr. Mfume, "As between the presence of white racism or the absence of black fathers, which poses a bigger threat to the black community?" Without missing a beat, he said, "The absence of black fathers."

Sean Hannity: Omarosa, you have emerged as one of Mr. Trump's most ardent supporters. Didn't he fire you?

Omarosa Manigault Newman: Yes.

Donald Trump: Fairly, fairly.

Sean Hannity: Once or twice?

Omarosa Manigault Newman: Three times.

Sean Hannity: Three times.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: But I'm the only one to do three seasons of The Apprentice and I need to note that he also produced a show for me on TV One, an African American owned network and not a lot of people know that. So, he actually invested in me as a talent.

Donald Trump: And she did a great job.

Sean Hannity: You don't ever tell the story. Look, I've known you for decades now and I've been at Trump Towers many, many times. There is nothing but diversity working for you.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: Absolutely.

Sean Hannity: I see them myself. I witnessed it myself, and then I watch these attacks against you. If it was me, I think I'd be pretty ticked off.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, the one thing I see is that when you start to win and I've watched this not just for me, I've watched it over the years. When you start to win and win and win, they have nothing to say and they can't stop you. They always start using the racist word and it's a very interesting phenomenon.

Donald Trump: But the word racist comes out and that means that you're winning and that's their last chance and I don't think it's working.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: Can I point out?

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: We have a huge diversity coalition called the National Diversity Coalition founded by Michael Cohen, Darrell Scott, Bruce Lavelle is here. Can I have those members of the National Diversity Coalition to stand up? Do you mind?

Sean Hannity: Absolutely.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: Will the members of the National Diversity Coalition, please stand up?

Sean Hannity: Thank you, Scott.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: All races, all backgrounds, all religion. And they've been with us from the beginning, Sean. From the beginning. And one of the first meetings that we set up in Trump Tower was with 100 African American ministers. This was last year. No one notes that. No one takes notice that the first thing that we did was to get him in front of faith leaders, so that he could have a real dialog and share his vision for this country.

Sean Hannity: Isn't it -- don't you think -- and you said this, I -- I watched your Saturday morning speech in Detroit and I went on the air the next Monday and I said I thought that was the best speech you gave.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: It was beautiful.

Sean Hannity: And you talked about -- what you said, first of all, I was glad to see you there, predominantly black church.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: And what you said is the backbone of this country was built in America's churches and specifically black churches.

Donald Trump: That's true, that's true and that's a fact. And I saw such love in that room. That was an amazing morning for me. That was Bishop Jackson.

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: What an amazing guy he is and his family, his wife, who's really such an important part of the church. The -- the church was, I mean packed, just you know a thousand, 500 hundred --

Sean Hannity: A typical day in the life of Trump. Everything packed.

Donald Trump: -- yes, no, no. This -- this church was packed. I guess at least I mean well over 1000 people.

Omarosa Manigault Newman: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: You were there and it was really a beautiful thing. And the song and the love and the, you know, the -- the feeling in that room was incredible. And I got up and made a speech and you really feel it from the heart. That was an amazing group of people. And I'll tell you what, he's an amazing -- he's Bishop Jackson.

Donald Trump: I did an interview with him. And so many people saw that interview, so many people told me about that. But it was a really great morning.

Sean Hannity: We'll take a break. We'll come back. When we come back, Doctor Benjamin Carson, his wife Candy, they will join us. That and more as we continue Hannity on the road with Donald Trump from Cleveland Heights, Ohio.

Donald Trump: I will always support your church and defend your right to worship always. I will always be there.

Unidentified: It's our Buy One, Get One Free Sale on almost everything in the store. Now, all Traveler and 1905 suits are just $249 and all dress shirts are two for $89. Plus all shoes are buy one, get one 50 percent off. Only at Joseph A Bank. When you grow, create and learn, our solutions help you make the most of your everyday life.

Unidentified: That's why at BASF we create chemistry. If you have moderate to severe ulcerative colitis or Crohn's and your symptoms have left you with the same view, it may be time for a different perspective. If other treatments haven't worked well enough, ask your doctor about Entyvio, the only biologic developed and approved just for UC and Crohn's. Entyvio works by focusing right in the GI tract to help control damaging inflammation and is clinically proven to begin helping patients achieve both symptom relief as well as remission.

Unidentified: Infusion and serious allergic reactions can happen during or after treatment. Entyvio may increase risk of infection, which can be serious. While not reported with Entyvio, PML, a rare, serious brain infection caused by a virus may be possible. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, experience frequent infections or have flu-like symptoms or sores.

Unidentified: Liver problems can occur with Entyvio. If your UC or Crohn's medication isn't working for you, ask your gastroenterologist about Entyvio. Entyvio, relief and remission within reach. My business is built with passion, but I keep it growing by making every dollar count. That's why I have the Spark Cash card from Capital One.

Unidentified: With it, I earn unlimited 2 percent cash back on all of my purchases.

Unidentified: And that unlimited 2 percent cash back from Spark, means thousands of dollars each year going back into my business, which adds fuel to my bottom line. What's in your wallet? My Eye Love is making something unexpected. My Eye Love is girls night out. My Eye Love is the September issue. Eye Love is all the things we love to do with our eyes, but it's also having a chat with your eye doctor about dry eyes that interrupt the things you love, because if you're using artificial tears often and still have symptoms, it could be chronic dry eye.

Unidentified: Go to myeyelove.com and feel the love. There are 2 billion people who don't have access to basic banking, but that is changing.

Ben Robinson: At Temenos with the Microsoft Cloud, we can enable a banker to travel to the most remote locations with nothing but a phone and a tablet.

Murray Gardiner: Everywhere where there's a phone, you have a bank. Now a person --

Ben Robinson: Bring banking to 10 million people in just two years.

Murray Gardiner: It's transforming our world.

Unidentified: Do you have trouble falling asleep or wake up with a sore neck or headache? Then it's time you discovered my pillow.

Mike Lindell: Hello, I'm Mike Lindell, inventor of My Pillow. Just like you, I had problems sleeping. Ten years ago, I invented My Pillow. It took me two years to develop because I wanted to have everything you would ever want in a pillow. I made sure that you could adjust my patented fill so you could have the exact support you need as an individual regardless of your sleep position.

Mike Lindell: I also wanted a pillow that would last, so I made my pillow, machine washable and dryable. I backed my pillow with a ten year warranty and a 60-day money back guarantee. Not only that, I do all my own manufacturing in my home state of Minnesota. Now, I'm proud to announce that my pillow is the official pillow of the National Sleep Foundation.

Mike Lindell: I personally guarantee that my pillow will be the most comfortable pillow you'll ever own. Go to mypillow.com or call now to order one of my pillows. When you do, I'll give you a second one, absolutely free.

Unidentified: Romantic moments can happen spontaneously, so why pause to take a pill or stop to find a bathroom. Cialis for daily use is the only daily tablet approved to treat erectile dysfunction. So, you can be ready anytime the moment is right. Plus, Cialis treats the frustrating urinary symptoms of BPH like needing to go frequently, day or night.

Unidentified: Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions and medicines and ask if your heart is healthy enough for sex. Do not take Cialis if you take nitrates for chest pain or Adempas for pulmonary hypertension, as it may cause an unsafe drop in blood pressure. Do not drink alcohol in excess. Side effects may include headache, upset stomach, delayed backache or muscle ache.

Unidentified: To avoid long-term injury, get medical help right away for an erection lasting more than four hours. If you have any sudden decrease or loss in hearing or vision, or any symptoms of an allergic reaction, stop taking Cialis and get medical help right away. Ask your doctor about Cialis for daily use. Many men aren't aware their health insurance may cover Cialis.

Unidentified: Contact your health plan for the latest information.

Donald Trump: I am here today to listen to your message and I hope my presence here will help, and very much help, your voice to reach new audiences. It's going to happen in our country and these are people, believe me, there are many people out there that desperately need it. Christian faith is not the past, but the present and the future.

Donald Trump: It is the foundation of progress.

Sean Hannity: That was Donald Trump speaking to pastors earlier today, right here in Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Joining us now along with Donald Trump is Doctor Benjamin Carson, his wife, Candy. Good to see you.

Ben Carson: Good to see you.

Candy Carson: Good to be back.

Sean Hannity: You were one of the first Republican candidates, one of the 17. He kind of beat up a lot of people in that primary to support him. And I just talked to you earlier tonight, you're -- you're like passionate. You want him to be president.

Ben Carson: Yes. Well, he's a very good man. There's a lot of things that people don't know about him, but one of the things that I noticed when I was running, for instance, during the debate when we had the moment when I couldn't hear my name, everybody else walked by, he stood there with me.

Sean Hannity: I remember that.

Ben Carson: And then there was another time -- another time, you know he was chastising the media because they wouldn't ask me any questions. The moderators wouldn't ask -- they kept trying to skip over me. He was the only one who said anything. The rest of them were perfectly happy with it. So, you know, he -- and -- and I was the competition.

Ben Carson: So, it tells you that he does have a lot more integrity than the other people did. But also, you know, I wasn't particularly anxious to run for president to be honest with you, but I did it because there was so many people clamoring for it. I had thousands, hundreds of thousands of petitions and I said, "I can't turn my back on the American people," but I was secretly hoping that there was somebody who had the same kinds of values and principles who would withstand the -- the terrible corruption that is throughout our system.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you this. With your background as a brain surgeon, a real brain surgeon, since Obama has been president, remember he promised you'd keep your doctor, you keep your plan? On average, the average family will save $2,500 per family per year? Well, since Obama has been president, average family is paying $4,100 more for health care.

Ben Carson: Right.

Sean Hannity: If Mr. Trump came to you and said, "Doctor Carson, I want you to help me repeal and replace Obamacare with free market competition or health savings accounts," what would you say?

Ben Carson: I would say I, and a lot of people that I know --

Sean Hannity: Just say yes.

Ben Carson: -- and I associated it with, will be very happy to help do that.

Sean Hannity: All right. Good to see you and good to see you as well, and by the way, these guys hosted my radio show one day together as a team. And everyone called in and said, "We want them, not you." All right, we'll take a break. Thank you both. When we come back, our last segment, Governor Mike Pence will join us on stage as we continue with Donald Trump from Ohio.

Unidentified: Checkmate. Checkmate. Checkmate. Critics agree, Queen of Katwe is not to be missed. Fiona, never give up. It'll make you stand up and cheer. Don't let anything stand in your way. The small one can become the big one. Queen of Katwe, rated PG. Let's make this fast. You're used to accepting credit cards like this, but Square's new reader keeps you safer if you take cards like this, or like this.

Unidentified: Square lets you accept every credit card for the same low rate. That's deposits come fast, like as soon as the next business day fast, and with easy to read sales reports, you can grow your business fast. Accept every card, every payment, everywhere, and get paid fast. Get started @square.com. Diabetes can be a daily struggle, even if you're trying your best.

Unidentified: Along with diet and exercise, once daily Toujeo may help you control your blood sugar. Get into a daily groove. Makers of Lantus, Toujeo provides blood sugar lowering activity for 24 hours and beyond, proven blood sugar control all day and all night, and significant A1C reduction. Toujeo is used to control high blood sugar in adults with diabetes.

Unidentified: It contains three times as much insulin in one milliliter as standard insulin. Don't use Toujeo to treat diabetic ketoacidosis, during episodes of low blood sugar or if you're allergic to insulin. Allergic reaction may occur and may be life threatening. Don't reuse needles or share insulin pens even if the needle has been changed.

Unidentified: The most common side effect is low blood sugar which can be serious and life threatening. It may cause shaking, sweating, fast heartbeat and blurred vision. Check your blood sugar levels daily. Injection site reactions may occur. Don't change your dose of insulin without talking to your doctor. Tell your doctor about all medicines you take and all your medical conditions.

Unidentified: Taking TZDs with insulins like Toujeo may cause heart failure that can lead to death, even if you've never had heart failure before. Don't dilute or mix Toujeo with other insulins or solutions, as it may not work as intended and you may lose blood sugar control which could be serious. Find your rhythm and keep on grooving.

Unidentified: Ask your doctor about Toujeo. Don't miss SteinMart's 12-Hour Sale this Saturday from 9 to 9 with special Preview Day Friday. Save up to an extra 50 percent off our everyday low prices. Shop Big Doorbusters and take an extra 50 percent off Red Dot clearance. SteinMart's 12-Hour Sale. You're going to save, a lot.

Unidentified: Before the big event, The Five has the debate, you won't hear anywhere else. Then Jesse breaks down the state of the race, plus powerful insight on a must see Justice. At Veo Optics, our family-owned and operated business takes pride in the craftsmanship and hand-mounting of each pair that we custom fit you in. When styling you, we take into consideration the dimensions of the bridge of your nose, the degree and arch in your eyebrow, the overall width of your face and cheekbones and find the frames to best accentuate the unique features that make you, you.

Unidentified: Veo Optics, the way you see yourself matters.

Tom Radulovich: Trees are incredibly closely tied to our health and to our happiness, to our well-being. Proposition E will provide dedicated funding, not only for tree repair, but also to repair all the sidewalks around trees in case trees lift sidewalks or crack them. Proposition E will democratize a healthy tree canopy here in San Francisco.

Tom Radulovich: Every neighborhood will now be able to have a green and healthy and thriving urban forest. Vote, Yes on E for a greener, more livable San Francisco.

Unidentified: A billionaire from New York is spending millions, saying the grocery tax is really only a tax on sodas. He cites this court case, but what does the case really say? The court case clearly says all the costs of this new tax can be passed on to consumers. That's what's called a grocery tax. Paying more for groceries, doesn't hurt billionaires, but it hurts working families the hardest.

Unidentified: Please do the research for yourself. It's a grocery tax. Say no to Prop V in San Francisco, no on HH in Oakland and no on 01 in Albany. Enough is enough. Their legend is legendary. They've seen the end zone more often than any other duo in history. They are professional football player watchers, because they have NFL RedZone from NFL Network on Xfinity.

Unidentified: They get every touchdown from every game, Sunday afternoons, all season long. Become a Pro fan. Only with Xfinity. Upgrade to an X1 Triple Play for NFL RedZone and the best in TV, internet and voice. Call or go online today.

Sean Hannity: And welcome back to Hannity and joining us now is Donald Trump's running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence,. as we continue with the Republican presidential nominee. I think Hillary didn't have a rally for 19 days in August. I hear she's off again today, prepping, I guess for the debate. Five days from now, you will be debating Hillary Clinton.

Donald Trump: I will -- that's right.

Sean Hannity: And you're ready.

Donald Trump: Whatever. I'm here.

Sean Hannity: I'm -- I'm going to ask this in front of Mike Pence. Don't you think her whole strategy is to get him annoyed and mad?

Mike Pence: I, you know, I don't know what her strategy is, but I an -- I can tell you --

Sean Hannity: She certainly can't run on a record.

Mike Pence: I can tell you, the contrast between Hillary Clinton, who has a -- has a career of -- of dishonesty, probably the most dishonest candidate for president in history, and this bold, truth teller is going to be dramatic. And I'm -- I'm very, very confident the American people are going to see that Donald Trump is the right man at the right time to make America great again.

Sean Hannity: Governor you heard the numbers that I gave at the beginning of the show, unemployment numbers, labor participation, homeownership rate, 12 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more in poverty, doubling of the debt. The people here tonight and at home, they want to know that their lives are going to change for the better and opportunity is coming back.

Mike Pence: Well --

Sean Hannity: What do you tell them?

Mike Pence: Well, I -- I said today at the -- at the church gathering where we were before, this is a broad shouldered leader, but he's also a man that's impatient with failure. He's impatient with failing leadership and failing policies. And I think the American people are learning more and more every day when he talks.