Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-steve-bannon-breitbart-november-8-2016

Alex Marlow: We have Donald J. Trump on the line, Republican candidate for president. Good morning, Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Alex Marlow: You're on Breitbart News Daily with Alex Marlow. A pleasure to speak to you. So let's talk about where we stand right now. You guys have been rallying late into the night.

Alex Marlow: How much energy are these crowds giving you?

Donald Trump: Unbelievable energy. They had, we had to have close to 30,000 people in Michigan at 1 o'clock in the morning, because, you know, we added it on at the end. We're doing great in Michigan, and they're great people, and the car business has been taken away and so much has happened. And so we, we were in New Hampshire, which was incredible, that big arena, and it was packed.

Donald Trump: I guess, I mean it was just packed, with thousands of people outside. The energy in New Hampshire was unbelievable. And then we hopped on the plane, we flew to Michigan and we got there at about 12 30, almost 1 o'clock in the morning, and it had to have close to 30,000 people.

Alex Marlow: Wow.

Donald Trump: Inside and out. The energy is incredible.

Alex Marlow: You know, one thing that I have as a theme on the front page of Breitbart.com is what I refer to as the huge tent, playing off of your pronunciation of the words "huge

Donald Trump: Well, I think you have to do it. You know, we're at a tremendous disadvantage in the Electoral College, as you know. She starts off with, like, about 240. Her numbers are around 240 before she starts, and the Republicans are at a tremendous disadvantage.

Donald Trump: But I I have a great relationship with New Hampshire, as an example, a great relationship with, you know, various places like North Carolina -- which I guess you could say is purple but I think we're going to do great there -- and so many of the others. And I think we're going to do fantastically in Michigan. Michigan is a, you know, the cars, that industry was ripped out of Michigan, so much of it, and moved to Mexico and other places, and the people understand. And I've been talking about it, Alex, for five years.

Donald Trump: You know, I got the Man of the Year in Michigan about five or six years ago, and in my speech I was talking about that. It had nothing to do with it but I was talking about it. And they know how I feel. And then the polls started coming out, as you know, and we are up, I think, two points in Michigan, which is shocking to people because, you know, in theory that was a very blue state, very blue.

Donald Trump: And she heard about it and she went there last night too. But she's not gonna to stop, she's not going to stop what's happening to the state. So we're, we seem to be doing, and there are some others, we seem to be doing very well in certain blue states. Maybe a lot of them.

Alex Marlow: OK, so let's say you become the president tomorrow morning. What is your plan for the first 100 days, in the lame-duck session.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of different things. First of all, we have to strengthen our borders, we need border security, we have to start building up our military, we have to take care of our vets. We have to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare. So important.

Donald Trump: It is such a disaster, Obamacare. And you're saying it, I'm sure it's a big, you know, I know it's a subject of you, that you guys cover a lot. But you see the rate increases, the premium increases are going. You know in, as an example, Arizona 116 percent increase.

Donald Trump: Minnesota, 60 percent. You have these increases all over the place. And, you know, it came up just before the election, but everyone was suffering and they all understand. But it seemed to be a very big subject.

Donald Trump: I think it's one of the reasons that we are doing so well, the Obamacare. It's a disaster and it's no good, it doesn't work. I mean, you can't even use it, the deductibles are so high. So we will repeal and replace Obamacare, and we'll get a health care that's fabulous, that's, like, great.

Donald Trump: And that's up for a fraction of the cost. This is crazy.

Alex Marlow: Yea. Donald J. Trump is my guest, Alex Marlow here on Breitbart News Daily. I think there are two groups of people.

Alex Marlow: If you do, if you're not victorious tonight I think that it's going to be a squeaker and I think it's because of two groups. And that's these never-Trump voters that we talked about last time on the show, and also the Latino voters, who I think they will come out more for you than people have anticipated. I think it's very condescending that the Democrats kind of talk down to them and expect them to vote as a bloc. But the question is, why did the Democrats expect them to vote for policies from the countries that they left, Donald?

Donald Trump: Yea. I think we're gonna to do much better with Hispanics and Latinos than anyone expects. They're great people and I think we're going to do very well, and it's already been borne out. I mean, as an example, last week I received the primary award from the Cuban Bay of Pigs association, and they gave me this incredible award because of what I do and all.

Donald Trump: And you know, that's an indication we're -- with the Cubans. I can tell you, we're, like, at 85 percent. But I think we're gonna to do very well with the Hispanics and, frankly, with the African-Americans. I think we're doing really well.

Donald Trump: You see what's going on. And she's not doing well. She's very uninspiring and she is not doing well at all. So it will be a very interesting evening I think.

Donald Trump: Don't you think?

Alex Marlow: I think it will too, Donald. Last question for you, I know you've got a busy day. Hillary Clinton closed her campaign on a note of unity. She's wants to bring the country together.

Alex Marlow: I found this a bit odd, considering she had called you and your supporters every name in the book -- racist, sexist, bigots -- for so many months. Do you buy what she's selling in terms of unity?

Donald Trump: Yea, called deplorables, irredeemable. You know, a few little beauties like that. Look, I think she would not be a good president. I think that she's not an inspiring person.

Donald Trump: Our country is very divided, as you know. We're gonna bring great unity to the country. I think we're going to do a fantastic job. I know we're going to do a fantastic job with jobs.

Donald Trump: We went to Michigan last night, you heard it was incredible. We had, I mean, there had to be close to 30,000 people there, and it was at 1:00 o'clock in the morning. And, you know, they want their jobs back. They want their auto industry to come back.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's left, a lot of it's left for Mexico. It's leaving as we speak. So I think that unity is very, very important. I agree with her on that.

Donald Trump: I just don't think that she is going to be able to unify this country.

Alex Marlow: That's Donald J Trump, Republican candidate for president. Hopefully next time we speak, Mr. Trump, you'll be President-elect Trump. Best of luck tonight.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Alex, very much. Appreciate it.