Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-abc-july-31-2016

George Stephanopoulos: I met up with Mr. Trump Friday afternoon in Colorado Springs and he began the interview exuberant from his Thursday night ratings win over Hillary Clinton.

ABC News: [BEGIN VIDEOTAPE]

George Stephanopoulos: Let's talk about the Democratic Convention.

George Stephanopoulos: So you won the ratings war in the last night. Hillary Clinton's speech...

Donald Trump: By millions, George. By millions.

George Stephanopoulos: A couple million, it's true.

Donald Trump: Three.

George Stephanopoulos: Hillary Clinton's speech -- 22 direct mentions of your name, 78 references, very tough, including this one hit on your temperament.

ABC News: [BEGIN VIDEO CLIP]

Hillary Clinton: A man you can bait with a Tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.

ABC News: [END VIDEO CLIP]

George Stephanopoulos: She quoted Jackie Kennedy suggesting you're a little man moved by fear and pride.

Donald Trump: She's a very dishonest person. I have one of the great temperaments. I have a winning temperament. She has a bad temperament. She's weak. We need a strong temperament and that's all it is, I have a strong temperament. And...

George Stephanopoulos: But there are...

Donald Trump: -- I do know how to win.

George Stephanopoulos: -- polls do show some concern about this, that -- whether you can be trusted with the nuclear codes.

Donald Trump: Well, I think that's probably because Hillary, that's all they talk about is temperament. I think I have a great temperament. I beat 16 very talented people in -- and I've never done this before. You don't do that with a bad temperament.

Donald Trump: I'm leading her in the polls, as you probably have noticed. And I think I have a great temperament.

Donald Trump: I have a temperament where I know how to win. She doesn't know how to win. She's not a winner. She doesn't know how to win.

Donald Trump: Honestly, she lies a lot and she really -- she should tell the truth. I honestly believe if she told the truth -- because she made some reference to my campaigning, I've had a beautiful -- I've had a -- had a flawless campaign. You'll be writing books about this campaign. And yet she's criticizing my campaign.

Donald Trump: Now, her campaign, she couldn't beat Bernie, OK?

George Stephanopoulos: Well, she did beat him.

Donald Trump: Well, barely. And there's questions even about that. But barely. And if you look at what's going on in terms of unity, the Bernie people are angry. They're angry. He was angry.

Donald Trump: What was amazing to me is when she was talking about Bernie last night, the camera was on him and he was angry. It almost looks like he has buyer's remorse, like he shouldn't have made the deal.

George Stephanopoulos: Let's talk about Russia. You made a lot of headlines with Russia this week.

George Stephanopoulos: What exactly is your relationship with Vladimir Putin?

Donald Trump: I have no relationship to -- with him. I have no relationship with him.

George Stephanopoulos: But if you have no relationship with Putin, then why did you say in 2013, I do have a relationship. In 2014, I spoke...

Donald Trump: Because he has said nice things about me over the years. I remember years ago, he said something -- many years ago, he said something very nice about me. I said something good about him when Larry King was on. This was a long time ago. And I said he is a tough cookie or something to that effect.

Donald Trump: He said something nice about me. This has been going on. We did "60 Minutes" together. By the way, not together-together, meaning he was probably shot in Moscow...

George Stephanopoulos: Well, he was in Moscow...

Donald Trump: -- and I was shot in New York.

George Stephanopoulos: -- you were in New York. But that's the thing.

Donald Trump: No, just so you understand, he said very nice things about me, but I have no relationship with him. I don't -- I've never met him.

George Stephanopoulos: Yet you said for three years, '13, '14 and '15, that you did have a relationship with him.

Donald Trump: No, look, what -- what do you call a relationship?

Donald Trump: I mean he treats me...

George Stephanopoulos: I'm asking you.

Donald Trump: -- with great respect. I have no relationship with Putin. I don't think I've ever met him. I never met him. I don't think I've ever met him.

George Stephanopoulos: You would know if you did.

Donald Trump: I think so.

George Stephanopoulos: I mean if he...

Donald Trump: Yes, I think so. So I've -- I don't think I've ever met him. I mean if he's in the same room or something. But I don't think so.

George Stephanopoulos: You never spoke to him on the phone?

Donald Trump: I've been in Moscow. I didn't meet him in Moscow.

Donald Trump: Where?

George Stephanopoulos: You've never spoken to him on the phone?

Donald Trump: I have never spoken to him on the phone, no. I've speak -- I've spoken -- when we had the Miss Universe contest a number of years ago, we had Miss Universe in Moscow, in the Moscow area, he was invited. He wanted to come. He wasn't able to come.

Donald Trump: That would have been a time when I would have met him.

George Stephanopoulos: But a -- I just want to clear this up, because you did say on three different occasions you had a relationship with him. Now you say there is not.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know what it means by having a relationship. I mean he was saying very good things about me, but I don't have a relationship with him. I didn't meet him. I haven't spent time with him. I didn't have dinner with him. I didn't go hiking with him. I don't know -- and I wouldn't know him from Adam except I see his picture and I would know what he looks like.

George Stephanopoulos: Vice President Biden told me this week that Vladimir Putin wants to beat Hillary and Madeleine Albright said that your victory would be a gift to Putin.

George Stephanopoulos: And what they're pointing to is things like your statements about conditioning our commitments to NATO allies, softening the GOP platform on Ukraine, even considering softening sanctions and recognizing Russian annexation of Crimea. They fear that that's going to hurt America and advance Russia's interests.

Donald Trump: They only fear one thing, losing the election. If our country got along with Russia, that would be a great thing. When Putin goes out and tells everybody -- and you talk about a relationship, but he says Donald Trump is going to win and Donald Trump is a genius, and then I have people saying you should disavow. I said, I'm going to disavow that?

Donald Trump: But when Putin says good things and when we have a possibility of having a good relationship with Russia...

George Stephanopoulos: But if we have a good relationship...

Donald Trump: -- I think...

ABC News: [CROSSTALK]

George Stephanopoulos: -- his annexation of Crimea.

Donald Trump: I'm not going to be mean to anybody. George, you know me pretty well. I don't bow, OK. I don't bow.

Donald Trump: But if we can have a good relationship with Russia and if Russia would help us get rid of ISIS, frankly, as far as I'm concerned, you're talking about tremendous amounts of money and lives and everything else, that would be a positive thing, not a negative thing.

George Stephanopoulos: Even if that means conditioning our commitments to NATO, as you said?

Donald Trump: No, because you're not going to do that. NATO is going to be just fine. But NATO countries -- we have 28 countries -- many of them are taking advantage of us because they're not paying. So we're protecting these countries and they're not paying.

Donald Trump: And when people leave that last part in, everybody agrees with me.

Donald Trump: I'm all in favor of NATO. I said NATO is obsolete. I was asked a question by one of your competitors and I said NATO is obsolete, because it's not taking care of terror. You understand that. And it turned out I was right. A lot of people gave me credit for that.

Donald Trump: Then, three months ago, on the front page of "The Wall Street Journal," they said NATO to develop a terror division. And somebody who's supposed to be very extraordinary was put in charge of it.

Donald Trump: That was all because of me. So I was right about that.

Donald Trump: I was also right about the fact that NATO, we're being taken advantage of by NATO countries, totally advantage of (INAUDIBLE)...

George Stephanopoulos: Then why did you soften the GOP platform on Ukraine?

Donald Trump: I wasn't involved in that. Honestly, I was not involved.

George Stephanopoulos: Your people were.

Donald Trump: Yes. I was not involved in that. I'd like to -- I'd have to take a look at it. But I was not involved in that.

George Stephanopoulos: Do you know what they did?

Donald Trump: They softened it, I heard, but I was not involved.

George Stephanopoulos: They took away the part of the platform calling for the provision of lethal weapons to Ukraine to defend themselves.

George Stephanopoulos: Why is that a good idea?

Donald Trump: Well, look, you know, I have my own ideas. He's not going into Ukraine, OK?

Donald Trump: Just so you understand. He's not going to go into Ukraine, all right?

Donald Trump: You can mark it down and you can put it down, you can take it anywhere you want.

George Stephanopoulos: Well, he's already there, isn't he?

Donald Trump: OK, well, he's there in a certain way, but I'm not there yet. You have Obama there. And frankly, that whole part of the world is a mess under Obama, with all the strength that you're talking about and all of the power of NATO and all of this, in the meantime, he's going where -- he takes -- takes Crimea, he's sort of -- I mean...

George Stephanopoulos: But you said you might recognize that.

Donald Trump: I'm going to take a look at it. But, you know, the people of Crimea, from what I've heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were. And you have to look at that, also.

Donald Trump: Now, that was under -- just so you understand, that was done under Obama's administration. And as far as the Ukraine is concerned, it's a mess. And that's under the Obama's administration, with his strong ties to NATO.

Donald Trump: So with all of these strong ties to NATO, Ukraine is a mess. Crimea has been taken. Don't blame Donald Trump for that.

George Stephanopoulos: You said that...

Donald Trump: And we'll do better and yet we'll have a better relationship with Russia.

Donald Trump: And having a good relationship -- maybe. and having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing.

George Stephanopoulos: You said you have no investments in Russia.

George Stephanopoulos: But do you owe any money to Russian individuals and institutions?

Donald Trump: No. Not.

George Stephanopoulos: No?

Donald Trump: The primary thing I did what Russia -- I bought a house in Palm Beach at a bankruptcy. It was a bankrupt, you know, person. I bought it from the banks. I bought it for about $40 million. I sold it for $100 million to a Russian.

Donald Trump: That was probably five years ago. And that was primarily it.

George Stephanopoulos: You partner now with...

Donald Trump: Now, well I sell...

George Stephanopoulos: (INAUDIBLE) Grand...

Donald Trump: Will I sell -- many years ago. I don't think they're Russian. I think there were other people, but there were various partners.

Donald Trump: Will I sell condos to Russians on occasion?

Donald Trump: Probably.

Donald Trump: I mean I do that. I have a lot of condos. I do that. But I have no relationship to Russia whatsoever.

George Stephanopoulos: No debts?

Donald Trump: No debts. I have very little debt to anybody. I don't need debt. You know, it's very interesting, I'm so liquid, I don't need debt. And if I need debt, if I want debt, I can get it from banks in New York City very easily.

George Stephanopoulos: You know where I'm going to take this next. Americans could be assured on that if they saw your tax returns.

Donald Trump: My tax returns are very simple. They're under a minor audit, a routine audit, as they have been for many years. Every year I get audited.

Donald Trump: Now, I don't know if you get audited but I have friends...

George Stephanopoulos: I've been audited.

Donald Trump: -- who are very wealthy that never have been audited. I say -- you get audited. I get audited every year. I'm under a routine audited like routine. And I've been for years, every year.

George Stephanopoulos: Is there something...

ABC News: [CROSSTALK]

Donald Trump: George, it is very simple. Yes, but they're all linked. It's called the link.

Donald Trump: It's very simple, if my audit is finished, that's great.

Donald Trump: Now, I have to tell you. I watched Mitt Romney four years ago. He waited until September to give them, just before the election. They made him look so bad, it was so unfair, I actually think he didn't lose because of the 47 percent, I think he lost because of a couple of really minor items in tax return where he did nothing wrong. So it is unfair.

Donald Trump: But I will say, when I'm finished with the audit, I'll do it.

George Stephanopoulos: Richard Nixon released his even though his were under audit.

Donald Trump: I don't use Richard Nixon as necessarily the guide, OK. I mean, you know, it's an interesting person to use, but don't use it.

George Stephanopoulos: Mike Bloomberg very tough on you a the Democratic convention.

ABC News: [BEGIN VIDEO CLIP]

Michael Bloomberg: Trump says he wants to run the nation like he's running his business? God help us.

ABC News: [END VIDEO CLIP]

George Stephanopoulos: Called you a con man, reckless. Even seemed...

Donald Trump: He doesn't know me well.

Donald Trump: Michael Bloomberg, when he had a problem in Ferry Point, which is a massive job where his administration was a mess, they couldn't get it built. They called me. I took it over. I got it done in a year.

Donald Trump: Michael Bloomberg couldn't get elected as a dogcatcher in New York.

George Stephanopoulos: In the past you said he was a great mayor.

Donald Trump: Sure, he was good. But his last term was terrible. He did a terrible thing his last term. And frankly a lot of people didn't like him. He spent a fortune to get elected. Shouldn't have gone to a third term. The snow removal was a disaster. He had a problems. Michael Bloomberg had a big problem with Ferry Point in the Bronx. They called me. I made a deal. I took it over. I got it built. I got it open. It's open today. It's very successful.

Donald Trump: And think, personally, I think he made a deal with Hillary where he gets a job, because he'd like to -- because Michael Bloomberg has wanted to run for president for probably as long as you have known him and guess what? He never had the guts to do it. And now I see this guy up on stage saying negative things. He knows nothing about me. He's never been to my office. I don't know him well.

George Stephanopoulos: You played golf together.

Donald Trump: Maybe once.

George Stephanopoulos: Here's what he hit you on in the speech....

Donald Trump: And I hit the ball a lot longer, and a lot better.

George Stephanopoulos: He hit you for hypocrisy in the speech. For selling products overseas, gaming the visa system to hire foreign works at low wages. And just this week BuzzFeed reported that Mar-a-Lago is putting out application for 78 more visas for foreign workers even though...

Donald Trump: Should I tell you about it? Mara-a-Lago is a very successful club in Palm Beach, Florida, the Mar-a-Lago club, and during the season, it's very, very hard to get employees.

George Stephanopoulos: The local employment agencies say they have more than 1,000 people...

Donald Trump: We interview -- and we have a lot of people. We come with a lot of people. But it's very, very hard to get people in Palm Beach during the Palm Beach season. It's called the Palm Beach social season. And what we do is we sometimes we have to bring people in.

Donald Trump: As far as product, our country doesn't make product anymore. You have other countries devalue their currencies. They make it impossible. You look at suits and ties and shirts. You look at steel, you look at so many different things, it's...

George Stephanopoulos: But our country does make those products, but you don't.

Donald Trump: Very small. 3 percent of our product is made in apparel. And much of the material comes from overseas.

Donald Trump: It's very -- if you want to get a television today -- I buy thousands of television sets. If I want a television, I would love the buy American-made televisions like they used to have where they had GE and Sylvania and all of the different. Today, it's Samsung, it's LG, it's Sony. We don't make televisions anymore.

George Stephanopoulos: But you're out there saying other American companies must come and create jobs here, but you're not willing to do it yourself.

Donald Trump: This is nothing new what you're saying. I talk about this during my speech. When I do ties, I bid them out. And I go all over the place. You have companies over in different countries where they devalue their currency and they make it impossible for American companies to compete.

Donald Trump: The hat, Make America Great Again. I fought like crazy to find a company in this country that could make the hats. And I found one. And they're American-made, but it's -- because I knew the first thing people would do is, where is the hat made. OK, Make America Great.

Donald Trump: But it is very, very hard for our companies to compete, because other company -- other countries -- and it's really the countries, other countries take advantage of us.

George Stephanopoulos: Here are numbers of hiring of foreign workers. Since 2010, 300 U.S. applicants in Mar-a-Lago, 17 hired, more than 500 visa applications.

Donald Trump: Well, you know what? I don't hire the people. But if you look at all the other places in Palm Beach, they're all doing exactly the same thing. And you know why they're doing that? You know why they're doing that? Because you can't get people, George.

George Stephanopoulos: What do you think a voter thinks when they hear you say I can't find American workers. I can't find American workers.

Donald Trump: I think the voter understand it, because they understand that -- you know, you're not reinventing the wheel here with these questions. These get asked all the time. I've been asked about Mar-a-Lago. I have many other places where I don't have to do that, because you have a normal season.

George Stephanopoulos: Let's talk about debates. You can accept the recommendations of the debate commission? Three debates, one VP debate?

Donald Trump: Well, I tell you what I don't like, it's against two NFL games. I got a letter from the NFL saying this is ridiculous, why are the debates against -- because the NFL doesn't want to go against the debates because the debates are going to be pretty massive, from what I understand.

Donald Trump: And I don't think we should be against the NFL. I don't know how the dates were picked. I don't know why those particular dates.

George Stephanopoulos: So, you don't like the dates that are out there.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't like dates against -- you know, Hillary Clinton wants to be against the NFL. She doesn't maybe like she did with Bernie Sanders where they were on Saturday nights when nobody's home.

Donald Trump: But they're against the NFL. I saw the dates. Two -- I think two of the three are against the NFL, so I'm not thrilled with that. But I like three debates. I think that's fine. I think it's enough. Somebody said one debate, I would rather have three. I think they will be very interesting.

George Stephanopoulos: I don't know if you saw the speech, but there's man named Khizr Khan, speaking at the Democratic convention last night. His son, Captain Humayun Khan, was killed serving in Iraq, and he had some very tough questions for you.

ABC News: [BEGIN VIDEO CLIP]

Khizr Khan: KHIZR KHAN, CAPT. HUMAYUN KHAN'S FATHER: Have you read the United States constitution? I will gladly lend you my copy. You have sacrificed nothing and no one.

ABC News: [END VIDEO CLIP]

George Stephanopoulos: He said you wouldn't have let his son in America.

Donald Trump: He doesn't know -- he doesn't know that.

Donald Trump: I saw him. He was, you know, very emotional. And probably looked like -- a nice guy to me. His wife, if you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably -- maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say. You tell me, but plenty of people have written that.

Donald Trump: She was extremely quiet and looked like she had nothing to say. A lot of people have said that.

Donald Trump: And personally, I watched him. I wish him the best of luck, George.

George Stephanopoulos: What would you say to the father?

Donald Trump: Well, I would say, we have had a lot of problems with radical Islamic terrorism, that's what I'd say. We have had a lot of problems where you look at San Bernardino, you look at Orlando, you look at the World Trade Center, you look at so many different things. You look at what happened to the priest over the weekend in Paris, where his throat was cut, 85-year-old, beloved Catholic priest. You look at what happened in Nice, France, a couple of weeks ago.

Donald Trump: I would say, you gotta take a look that, because something is going on, and it's not good.

George Stephanopoulos: He said you have sacrificed nothing and no one.

Donald Trump: Well, that sounds -- who wrote that? Did Hillary's script writer write it? Because everybody that went out there -- we also had John Allen, who failed with ISIS. I mean, he was a general -- General Allen -- he went out, and he's ranting and raving. And then I read a report. He was in there for a number of months, and he failed with ISIS. And he's telling me, you know.

George Stephanopoulos: You saw Hillary say it last night, you don't know more than the generals.

Donald Trump: Well, I tell you, the generals aren't doing so well right now.

Donald Trump: Now, I have a feeling it may be Obama's fault. But if you look at ISIS, General MacArthur, and General Patton, they're spinning in their graves. The generals certainly aren't doing very well right now. And General Allen, after I saw he was on ranting and raving about me, who he never met, I checked up. Guess what? They were not so happy with him. He didn't beat ISIS. He didn't beat ISIS. He didn't do well with ISIS.

George Stephanopoulos: How would you answer that father? What sacrifice have you made for your country?

Donald Trump: I think I have made a lot of sacrifices. I've work very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I've done -- I've had tremendous success.

George Stephanopoulos: Those are sacrifices?

Donald Trump: Oh, sure. I think they're sacrifices.

Donald Trump: I think when I can employ thousands and thousands of people, take care of their education, take care of so many things. Even in the military, I mean, I was responsible along with a group of people for getting the Vietnam Memorial built in downtown Manhattan, which to this day people thank me for.

Donald Trump: I've raised millions of dollars for the vets. I'm helping the vets a lot. I think my popularity with the vets is through the roof, far greater than hers. She's done nothing, all she's done is tell everybody that the vets are in good shape. They're fine. And they're not fine. People are waiting in line for seven days to see a doctor.

George Stephanopoulos: 100 days left, what's the number one thing you have to do?

Donald Trump: I think that I just want to continue to campaign the way I'm doing. I'm leaving here. I'm going to a speech that's packed with thousands of people. They're making, in many cases, less money now, George, than they made 18 years ago. And they're working two jobs. They're working harder. They're older. And it's unfair.

Donald Trump: Our country's a mess. And that's why when she makes the speech, she doesn't talk about radical Islam. She doesn't talk about the problems that we have in this country and throughout the world. Many of the problems, she caused. I mean, she created ISIS with her stupidity and her lack of knowledge with her bad judgment.

Donald Trump: You know, Bernie Sanders said something about Hillary Clinton that was very interesting. He said she had bad judgment, great words, bad judgment. You know what, she has bad judgment.

Donald Trump: She has no instinct.

George Stephanopoulos: Final question. Are you worried that the Democratic convention is going to bounce her ahead of you in the polls?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I mean, look, I had a very big bounce. In fact, I think you even said it was one of the biggest bounces in 20 years. It's been a long time since somebody had a bounce like that.

Donald Trump: Look, I think the Republican convention was great or I wouldn't have had the bounce that I had. As you said, I had 3 million people more than she had on the final night. She had a Thursday, I had a Thursday, she had a speech, I had a speech, I had 3 million people more than she did. And I had a lot of people. There were a lot of people. I think I had 30 million. They had 27 million. I think we're going to do very well in this election.

George Stephanopoulos: Mr. Trump, thanks for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

ABC News: [END VIDEOTAPE]

George Stephanopoulos: As we said, that was on Friday. And overnight, the Trump campaign put out a statement responding to the controversy. Here's the statement.

George Stephanopoulos: Captain Humayun Khan was a hero to our country and we should honor all who have made the ultimate sacrifice to keep our country safe. While I feel deeply for the loss of his son, Mr. Khan, who has never met me, has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution, which is false, and say many other inaccurate things.

George Stephanopoulos: Mr. Trump also put out a tweet this morning. He said that, "Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero. But this is about radical Islamic terror and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it."

George Stephanopoulos: And one other note: the NFL has disputed a claim Mr. Trump made in the interview that the NFL wrote him a letter complaining about the presidential debate schedule.

George Stephanopoulos: An NFL representative told us that was not true. And the Trump team responded to that overnight, saying that Trump was made aware of conflicting dates by a source close to the league.

George Stephanopoulos: When we come back, the Khan family responds to Mr. Trump. And the four-star general Trump called a failure is here -- live.