Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-andersoon-cooper-august-25-2016

Anderson Cooper: One of the big things you talked about during the primaries. We had interviews about this and you talked about the debates, 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country. They've got to go. The good ones can come back in, you said, a door in the wall, the good ones can come back in. It's going to be done humanely, you said.

Anderson Cooper: There will be a deportation force. That's no longer -- it seems there's been contradictory statements lately, but that seemed like they're no longer your policy.

Donald Trump: I don't even know --

Anderson Cooper: Is that your policy?

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you what my policy is, and I'm not going to go into all of it because we're doing a speech on immigration which I think will explain it in even greater detail. But we're going to build a great wall. The wall will be paid for by Mexico. People are not going to be able to tunnel because we're going to have tunnel technology.

Donald Trump: We're going to have all sorts of things, there's going to be a real wall. Drugs will stop flowing into our nation and poisoning our youth and everybody else. We're going to have all sorts of E-verify and everything you can think of in terms of immigration. People will not come into our country illegally.

Donald Trump: We're going to fix that. We are going to make it like it's never been before. I don't know if you know, but the border patrol agent, 16,500 border patrol agents endorsed Donald Trump. They've never done that for a president before because they're great people that want to do their job. They don't want to stand there and watch people pour through our borders.

Anderson Cooper: Eleven million who are here?

Donald Trump: Let me explain. We're going to build a wall. We're going to build a real wall, a wall that absolutely works and they do absolutely work if it's done properly. Right now, it's a joke. You have walls that are this high. That's number one. We are going stop illegal immigration pouring into our country. My first day in office, I am going to notify law enforcement authorities that all of the bad dudes, and we have a lot of them, that are here illegally, that are the heads of gangs and drug cartels and all sorts of people --

Anderson Cooper: People -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Probably millions of them, but certainly hundreds of thousands. Big numbers. They're out. They're out. Excuse me, the police know who they are. I've spoken to many police. The police know who they are. They deal with them all of the time. They're nothing, but problems.

Anderson Cooper: You talked --

Donald Trump: We are going to end sanctuary cities. We are going to run a country like it's supposed to be run. We're going to have borders, very strong borders. And after that, we're going to see what happens, but we are going to find people and we're getting immediately, and I mean, first hour of my -- the first document I will sign will say get the bad ones out of this country, bring them back where they came --

Anderson Cooper: You know, I've got to follow up. You said on Hannity, you used the word softening and last night on Hannity, you talked about --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think it's a softening. I think it's --

Anderson Cooper: But 11 million people are no longer being deported.

Donald Trump: Look, I've had people say it's a hardening, actually.

Anderson Cooper: But 11 million who have not committed a crime.

Donald Trump: No. We're then going --

Anderson Cooper: There's going to be a path to legalization, is that right?

Donald Trump: You know it's a process. You can't take 11 at one time and just say, boom, you're gone. We have to find where these people are. Most people don't even -- nobody even knows if it's 11. It could be 30 or and it could be five. Nobody knows what the number is. I'll tell you what we know, let me explain --

Anderson Cooper: But if somebody hasn't committed a crime, will they be deported?

Donald Trump: Let me tell you what, we know the bad ones. We know where they are, who they are, we know the drug cartel people. We know the gangs and the heads of the gangs and the gang members. Those people are gone.

Anderson Cooper: But that's a huge number.

Donald Trump: No, it's not --

Anderson Cooper: But that's Jeb Bush's policy.

Donald Trump: I don't know anything about Jeb Bush. He wasn't building a wall. Jeb Bush wasn't building a wall. Jeb Bush wasn't making strong borders, and I'm not knocking Jeb Bush, but I was with him for a long time.

Anderson Cooper: Right, but he was mocked for saying that, look, you can't deport 11 million people and it now seems like, I know you're not really focusing --

Donald Trump: First, I want to see what's going to happen. We are going to deport many people, many, many people.

Anderson Cooper: The vast majority of those 11 million are not criminals.

Donald Trump: Well, we don't know. We're going to find out who they are. We have crime all over this country.

Anderson Cooper: If they haven't committed a crime, will there be a path to legalization?

Donald Trump: No. There is no pass -- there is no path to legalization, unless people leave the country --

Anderson Cooper: You talked about paying back taxes.

Donald Trump: Well, when they come back in, if they come back in, then they can start paying taxes.

Anderson Cooper: So, they still have to leave the country?

Donald Trump: There is no path to legalization, unless they leave the country and come back.

Anderson Cooper: So that means of the 11 million who are here, even if they haven't committed a crime.

Donald Trump: But you don't know -- you keep saying 11 million. You don't know what the number is. You know, millions of people --

Anderson Cooper: However many, that's the estimate.

Donald Trump: -- and using the existing laws of our country, and using the existing laws, millions of people are deported every year.

Anderson Cooper: Right.

Donald Trump: You know that, right? People don't talk about that. It's Obama. They don't talk about that.

Anderson Cooper: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: A lot of people being deported. We're going to do that vigorously, we're going to go with the laws that are existing, but we're going to have a very strong border and we're not going to have people pouring back in. And when these people, the drug lords and all of these guys that are thrown out, they're not coming back into the country.

Anderson Cooper: So, if you haven't committed a crime and you've been here for 15 years and you have a family here and you have a job here, will you be deported?

Donald Trump: We're going to see what happens once we strengthen the border. We're going to have a strong border, as strong as any border there is anywhere in the world. We're going to have a real wall and tremendous protection, both technological protection and everything else, and then we're going to see what happens.

Donald Trump: But there is a very good chance the answer could be yes, we'll see what happens and before we do anything, I want to get rid of the bad ones, there are a lot of them. I want to get rid of all of the bad ones and that will be the single first order I sign. We are going to stop. Right now, I'm in New Hampshire, you saw the crowd, you saw the enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: I won the primary in New Hampshire. The people of New Hampshire asked me one favor, "Please, Mr. Trump, stop the drugs from coming across the southern border." You have heroin that's pouring across the southern border and destroying the youth and other people in New Hampshire and every other state. We're going to stop all drug trafficking.

Donald Trump: It's not going to happen anymore. We're going to stop it. We're going to have a strong border. We're going to have a tremendous wall. We're going to have a wall that Mexico pays for, which will be very easy because they are making a fortune with us, the wall is peanuts compared to the money that they make.

Donald Trump: We are going to have a border again. We are not going to allow drugs to come into this country and poison our youth, and then we're going to see what happens. But there's no legalization. There's no amnesty. And if someone wants to go the legalization route, what they'll do is they'll go leave the country, hopefully come back in, and then we can talk.

Donald Trump: And one other thing, there are millions of people right now online trying to come into our country. It's very unfair to them, some of the rules, regulations and policies that I've seen. These are millions of people that want to come into our country legally and it would be very unfair to them.

Note: [Break In Interview]

Anderson Cooper: You called last night Hillary Clinton a bigot. Previously you called her policies bigoted, you directly called her a bigoted.

Donald Trump: Well, she is a bigot, because when you look at what's happening to the inner cities and you look at what's happening to African-Americans and Hispanics in this country where she talks all of the time, she talking look at the vets where she said the vet are being treated essentially just fine and that it's over exaggerated what's happening to the vets, not so long ago.

Anderson Cooper: How is she bigoted, bigoted is ... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Because she's selling them down the tubes. Because she's not doing anything for those communities. She talks a good game.

Anderson Cooper: So, you think she has hatred or dislike of black people?

Donald Trump: Her policies are bigoted because she knows they're not going to work.

Anderson Cooper: But you're saying she is personally bigoted?

Donald Trump: Oh she is, of course, she is. They're her policies, she's comes up with the policies and others that believe like she does also, but she came out with policies over the years. This is over the years, a long time. She's totally bigoted, there's no question about it.

Anderson Cooper: It does imply that she doesn't -- she has antipathy, she has hated toward or in this case ... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I think she has been extremely, extremely bad for African- Americans, I think she's been extremely bad for Hispanics. You look at what happens to her policies and the policies of President Obama and others. Look at the poverty. Look at the rise in poverty. Look at the rise in violence.

Anderson Cooper: But hatred is at the core of that or dislike of African- Americans?

Donald Trump: Or maybe she's lazy. I don't know what it is. All I can tell you is I've been hearing the same stuff from her and others for years and the inner cities today are worse than they ever have been.

Anderson Cooper: Have you always thought she was bigoted though, I mean you were support her in that.

Donald Trump: Honestly I never thought of it, I never thought. As a business person I never thought of it. I got along with all politicians. But she got a long ...

Anderson Cooper: She has a history of working ...

Donald Trump: Anderson as you know, working, but not doing the job, and I'm now bringing it out for the first time. She hasn't done the job.

Anderson Cooper: So the overwhelming number of African-Americans who support her, what did they ...

Donald Trump: Well, take a look at what's happened over the last two weeks since I've been talking about the subject. Take a look at what's happened, take a look at your most recent polls. I mean the ones over the last 3 or 4 ...

Anderson Cooper: Do you think it would make a difference, you can get a higher number among African-Americans?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think we're going to do well with the African-Americans, because they're going to give me a chance, because frankly look what she's done, what to give a chance, I mean she's been a disaster. The inner cities are worse than they've ever been. You have 40 percent rates of poverty. You have black youth that can't get jobs, 58 percent can't get jobs, education is a disaster.

Donald Trump: They've been talking about this since I was 5 years old and understood what was going on. They have been talking about this for years. Hillary Clinton talks about it all of the time. She has done a horrible job, and then you add all of the scandal and the lies and the deception to the e-mails, she should be in jail.

Anderson Cooper: What ...

Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton should be in jail. You know it. The FBI director knows it, everybody else knows it, she should be in jail. What she did with erasing 33,000 e-mails, she shouldn't be out even talking about inner cities or running for president.

Anderson Cooper: One of the things you've been saying recently in talking to African-Americans addressing them in large rallies is saying what have you got to lose? What the hell have you got to lose?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. That's the way I look at it.

Anderson Cooper: The way you've been categorizing though we've been, you know, interviewing a lot of African-American voters, some of them are insulted by some of the language you've been using.

Donald Trump: I don't think they are. I think if they actually heard me they wouldn't be insulted at all.

Anderson Cooper: What you're saying ...

Donald Trump: I actually take them ...

Anderson Cooper: ... you get shot in your street, you don't have jobs, you don't have schools.

Donald Trump: Excuse -- well that's the fact. They're shot on their streets. Look at Chicago.

Anderson Cooper: But for the vast majority of African-Americans that's not -- I mean vast majority do not live in poverty.

Donald Trump: 40 percent are living in poverty, we just say ...

Anderson Cooper: 46 percent.

Donald Trump: ... that's a pretty big -- well I have 40. I have a different stat than you do.

Anderson Cooper: The Conservative Foundation has 26 percent.

Donald Trump: I have 40 percent, whether it's 26 or 40. Look, you can look at it any way and I know you want to protect her as much as you possible can.

Anderson Cooper: No, I'm not ...

Donald Trump: But let me just tell you, Anderson. She has done a horrible job, her policies don't work, it's a disaster for African-Americans and you see what's happening because many of them who watch my speeches are saying, you know, he's right. They've been doing this for 50, 60, 70 years and I say what do you have to lose.

Anderson Cooper: Some of you ...

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you something, not only what do you have to lose, I will fix it.

Anderson Cooper: Some of the African-American supporters that we talked said they would like you to go into an African-American church or direct can talking to ...

Donald Trump: I'm going to do that very soon. In fact, I'm going to Detroit and I'll be going to some other places. I've been invited to many. I'll be doing that very soon.

Anderson Cooper: So you -- that's definitely something you are going to do?

Donald Trump: Oh I'm going to do it, yeah sure, I look forward to. In fact, I think I'm doing it over the next two weeks, I'm a doing a couple of visits.

Anderson Cooper: How much improvement do you think you can make with the African-American vote?

Donald Trump: I can only tell you, I can only tell you I can fix the inner cities, but she can't ...

Anderson Cooper: Let me talk ...

Donald Trump: ... is she isn't -- not only can't she, she doesn't have a chance.

Note: [Break in Interview]

Anderson Cooper: I want to start by what Hillary Clinton is now coming at you with. I talked to her last night. She called into my show. She said you are bringing hate mainstream by embracing the so-called Alt-Right Movement, that you're peddling bigotry, prejudice and paranoia.

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, we are bringing love. You see these rooms. They are packed with people that have been just left behind. I call it the Forgotten Men and Women. They have been left behind Anderson by people like her who are third rate politicians who talk and they don't produce. You look at our inner cities, our inner cities are a disaster and the African-American people are realizing that the Democrats who have run these inner cities for 75 and 100 years, they just left them.

Anderson Cooper: Are you embracing the Alt-Right movement? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Nobody even knows what it is. And she didn't know what it was. This is a term that was just given that frankly, there's no Alt- Right or Alt-Left. All I'm embracing is common sense.

Anderson Cooper: But Steve Bannon said Breitbart is sort of the voice of the Alt-Right Movement.

Donald Trump: I don't know what Steve said. All I can tell you, I can only speak for myself. You see the crowds we have, you see the enthusiasm, I know these are great people. These are people that have not been heard for many years and now they have been heard. First time in many, many decades. In fact, some people say the first time, period.

Donald Trump: And I think we are going to do very well. You see what's going on with the polls over the last three or four days. I think we are going to do very well. But ...

Anderson Cooper: I want to read.

Donald Trump: ... she is somebody that's all talk, no action. Look at the lies, look at the deception, look at what's happened with her e-mails, look at the erasing of 33,000 e-mails. She should be ashamed of herself. She should get back to work for the people. She doesn't do that.

Anderson Cooper: I want to read you one more thing she said today in her speech. She said, this is what I want to make clear today, a man with a long history of racial discrimination who traffics in dark conspiracy theories drawn from the pages of supermarket tabloids and the far reaches of the internet should never run our government or command our military.

Donald Trump: Well, it's an incorrect statement. First of all, we were sued many, many years ago when I was very young by the government, sued many, many companies. You know that. It wasn't me. They sued many companies.

Anderson Cooper: The company was sued for not allowing black people ...

Donald Trump: And you know what, they found nothing. They found absolutely nothing.

Anderson Cooper: You settled.

Donald Trump: They bring up the case. I settled, with no awards, no nothing.

Anderson Cooper: Assume people in your company use the word C ...

Donald Trump: I don't even know. Honestly, what a superintendent does in a building, that I can't tell you. But I can just tell you that they settled the case and that was the end of it. It was many years ago. And I guess they found we did nothing wrong because we didn't have to do anything. We didn't have any payments to make, we didn't have to pay $20 million in fines.

Donald Trump: We didn't have any ...

Anderson Cooper: You didn't pay any money in order to settle?

Donald Trump: This is a long time ago but I don't believe so, no.