Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-new-york-ny-january-18-2017

Ainsley Earhardt: Oh, Donald Trump is about to become the 45th president of the United States -- there was more on the prompter. What's the first thing on to do list. We ask him more in the exclusive sit-down. Listen.

Ainsley Earhardt: President-elect Trump thank you so much for meeting with us today.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Ainsley Earhardt: Exciting week for you.

Donald Trump: It is.

Ainsley Earhardt: What's the first thing you are going to do when you walk in the white house?

Donald Trump: Well, i want to go to work. Monday is the day we really start signing and working and making great deals for the country.

Ainsley Earhardt: I know Melania and your son are going to stay here in new york until he finishes school at least.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Ainsley Earhardt: Will they be there friday night your first night in the white house? Will your whole family be there.

Donald Trump: Yeah. All of my children will be in the white house which is sort of a tradition they say the first night you have your family there. But Ivanka, don, Eric, tiffany, they are all going to be in the white house. And it will be very exciting. There is something very speCIAl about that building. Every time you walk in it it's just something so incredible about the white house.

Ainsley Earhardt: Not many people get the opportunity to say they are the president of the United States of amErica.

Donald Trump: No. It's very humbling i will tell you.

Ainsley Earhardt: I'm sure. Do you think about your parents?

Donald Trump: I do. My parents were great. I had great parents and loving parents. My father was a strong guy. Actually, my mother was at least equally as strong but a lot of people didn't quite understand that. But she was strong but good. Both good, great hearts and great parents.

Ainsley Earhardt: I want to ask your about your inauguration speech. You have prepared your speech.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Ainsley Earhardt: You have practiced? What's the first line?

Donald Trump: Well, i have prepared it well the first line is thanking everybody, all of the presidents and including, by the way, president obama and michelle who have been absolutely nice. Melania has spent time with michelle and it was great. And Ivanka the other day spoke to her. The conversation was going to be a quick conversation. It lasted an hour. And they got along great. And so i am just thanking president obama. And i'm thanking his very lovely wife because they have been so gracious. We're going to have a tremendous time. From what i'm hearing the numbers are going to be astronomical.

Ainsley Earhardt: There are congresswomen who have decided not to show up and be there. What was your reaction when congressman lewis started this.

Donald Trump: Well what he said he has never done it before but he has. He has done it before because he did it with he president bush 43. And he did it on the same basis. He said he is not our president or something thereabouts. And that's a very bad misrepresentation. So, let's see what happens. As far as other people not going, that's okay because we need seats so bad lid. I hope they give Me their tickets are they going to give me their tickets or give them to other people:  What's going to happen to their tickets? I hope they give me their tickets.

Ainsley Earhardt: What about the celebrities that are pulling out.

Donald Trump: Many of the celebrities that are saying that are not going were never invited. I don't want the celebrities. I want the people. We have the biggest celebrities in the world there.

Ainsley Earhardt: You. You.

Donald Trump: Well, i won't say that but we have the biggest and president obama. And president obama.

Ainsley Earhardt: How about designers that say they don't want to dress your wife. Did she ask tom ford.

Donald Trump: Never asked tom ford. Doesn't like tom ford. Doesn't like his designs. Tom ford is an example, i will not dress the first lady. He was never asked to dress. Steve wynn just called me and he thought it was so terrible what tom ford said that he threw his clothing out of his las vegas hotel. I'm not a fan of tom ford, never have been.

Ainsley Earhardt: I have heard smaller parade, fewer balls, why is that?

Donald Trump: They had 10, 12 balls. We have one ball. I think it's 25,000 people and they are going to be bigger. Who wants to have like 10 different bails. So, we did fewer. Everything sold out. You can't get a ticket. But, in fact, my biggest problem is you can't get tickets to any of this stuff. It's impossible. I was told sovment dress shops in washington you can't get a dress anymore. It's like they are just -- it's just going to be an amazing weekend. It's going to be something speCIAl. And you will have crowds that they have rarely seen before.

Ainsley Earhardt: What about twitter? Are you going to continue to tweet?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Look, i don't like tweeting. I have other things i could be doing. But i get very dishonest media very dishonest press. And it's my only way that i can counter act.

Ainsley Earhardt: CIA John Brennan responded to your twitter. You questioned whether or not he might be the leaker. He is saying no he is not the leaker. What's your response?

Donald Trump: Look, i accept it but it came out of some place and it's fake news. It's all fake news. Can i say something about george washington. Can i say something about abraham lincoln. I can say something about you. Just fake news. And they shouldn't have been a part of it they should not have been a part of it because it's made up, never existed, never happened. And the reason i say that so strongly because nothing is ever going to show up. There is never going to be a tape that shows up. There is never going to be anything that shows up. I would be very embarrassed if a tape showed up. I would be doublely embarrassed. There is no tape. There was no event. I was never in that room for that period of time. They have made stuff up and it started with the republican party whether they tried to beat me in the nomination and then it went on the democrats -- the democrats took over that work, supposedly. And by the intelligence giving it credence, a little bit of credence by talking about it, it was very inappropriate. I don't know hot leaker was, i have no idea. It's fake news.

Ainsley Earhardt: Press briefing room, are you going to move it.

Donald Trump: We are going to move it you have to explain it, we had a lot of people showing up for press conferences, et cetera, including briefings. The room is too small. We said we are going to move it to a larger room nearby area but not the same area. The press went crazy i said let's not move it some people in the press will not be able to get in. It's just too many. We will make sure you get a seat. But there is too many people for this small room.

Ainsley Earhardt: Especially nowadays with bloggers and radio.

Donald Trump: We have so many people that want to go. We have to pick the people that go into the room. I'm sure other people will be thrilled about that.  We offered a much larger room because we need a much larger ream and we offered to do that but they went crazy. They will be begging for a much larger room very soon. You watch.

Ainsley Earhardt: Did you see the impersonators standing in for you they were in the military. We interviewed them this morning and said is there in any advice for mr. Trump. And he said tell him watch your step he tripped.

Donald Trump: Ooh, we don't want that to happen