Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-washington-dc-february-5-2017

Bill O'Reilly: Caution, you are about to enter the No Spin Zone, THE FACTOR begins right now.

Bill O'Reilly: Hi, I am Bill O'Reilly. Thanks for watching us tonight. As you may know, my interview with President Trump making headlines all over the world. And tonight, we will show you what you did not see in the Super Bowl pregame show. Here is what happened. We interviewed the President on Friday afternoon, at the White House. The interview ran about 40 minutes. Ten of which were used by FOX Sports.

Bill O'Reilly: So, that leaves us with half an hour. To show you tonight and tomorrow. The headlines out of the Super Bowl interview where Mr. Trump comments on the Russian and Putin and the anti-ObamaCare roll-up. It's interesting to watch our two competing cable news stations, which hate, hate Mr. Trump to an unhealthy degree. Try to analyze what the President told me. I thought Donald Trump was straightforward and honest in that interview, whether you like his answers or not.

Bill O'Reilly: But the Trump haters were trying desperately to find something with which to hammer the President. Also apparently the Putin administration in Moscow demanding that I, your humble correspondent, apologized for saying old blood is a killer. So, I am working on that apology, but it may take a little time. Might want to check in with me around 2023. In a conference call with reporters, Putin's press guy said this. [Begin Video Clip]

Dmitri Peskov: [Via Translator] We think words like that coming from the FOX correspondent are unacceptable, offensive, and to be honest, we would prefer to get an apology to the President coming from such a respected company. [End Video Clip]

Bill O'Reilly: Anyway, tonight, we have a number of subjects that we presented to President Trump. Here they are. [Begin Video Clip]

Bill O'Reilly: Let's talk about Iran, your assessment, do you think we are on a collision course we being the United States with that country?

Donald Trump: I think it was the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated. I think it was deal that should have never been negotiated.

Bill O'Reilly: The nuclear deal?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. The deal that was made by the Obama administration, I think it's a shame that we've had a deal like that and that we had to sign a deal like that and there was no reason to do it. And if you're going to do it have a good deal. Secretary Kerry who was negotiating it never once left the table. We have the worst of everything. We've already given them billions and billions, probably hundred $50 billion. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash, which is unheard of. And we put the money out. And we have really nothing to show for it.

Bill O'Reilly: Possibly you'll tear it up?

Donald Trump: We will see what happens. And we'll going to see what happens. I can say this, they had total disregard for our country. They are the number one terrorist state, they're sending money all over the place and weapons, and can't do that.

Bill O'Reilly: Sanctions, that's how you're going to start with them?

Donald Trump: Just started.

Bill O'Reilly: But you're going to move in a carrier, right?

Donald Trump: Well, we're just started with sanctions. I never talked about military moves. I always criticize President Obama with having an announcement that they're going into Mosul, they're going to some place. And they give the name, the date, the time. I don't believe in that. We will -- let's see what happens. But I don't like to talk about what we do militarily.

Bill O'Reilly: So, you're not real bullish on Iran at this point.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not bullish. It's like they're emboldened. They follow our planes, they circle our ships with their little boats, and they scream things at us. It is what happened -- it's not good. You would thought what the deal they made, which was a great deal for them and a horrible deal for us, that they would have had a warmth toward our country, and it's exactly the opposite. They lost respect because they can't believe anybody could be so stupid as to make a deal like that.

Bill O'Reilly: Let's talk about Mexico. There was a report that you talk to President Nieto, and you told him that this was the report. I want to know if it's true or not. That if his arm he couldn't handle the drug cartels, that U.S. army soldiers would. Did you say that?

Donald Trump: We have to do something about the cartels, I did talk to him about it. I want to help him with it. I think he is a very good man. We have a very good relationship, as you probably know. We will going to have a wall, we will going to have a border. We have to stop drugs from coming into our country, and if he can handle it, and maybe they can and maybe they can't or maybe he needs help, he seemed very willing to get help from us because he has got a problem and it's a real problem for us.

Bill O'Reilly: So, President Nieto of Mexico was open to the possibility of U.S. forces, all right? Helping him combat the drug cartels.

Donald Trump: I would rather, as a very nice man that he is and somebody I respect, I would rather have him respond to that. But I will tell you, I certainly offered him help on knocking out the drug cartels because we have got a problem. Don't forget those cartels are operating in our country, and they are poisoning the youth of our country. And by the way, countries all over the work, just so you understand, this is a cartel all over the world, the cartels. But I certainly would help him if he needed the help here

Bill O'Reilly: At this point, do you consider Mexico a corrupt country? Because this stuff has been going on for decades. His Mexico corrupt.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a country that has got difficulty. It's certainly has done well with us. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $60 billion a year. That doesn't include drugs, and it doesn't include the border and all the things that are happening on the border. But it is a country that I have great respect for the people. I love the people. I really like this administration. I think he is a good man. We get along very well. But they have problems controlling aspects of their country. There is no question about it. And I would say that drugs and the drug cartels number one.

Bill O'Reilly: Have you figured out what kind of a tariff you're going to levy on Mexico to pay for the wall?

Donald Trump: Well, we might not have to do that. They want to negotiate a deal. I want to negotiate a deal. We will see what happens. But we can always do a tariff or a tax if necessary, and we will do that if necessary. But if we can make a deal, we assignment of NAFTA, but I am going to put another F in the name NAFTA because right now it's free trade, and I'm going to have it fair trade also because it's not fair.

Bill O'Reilly: All right. So --

Donald Trump: We are losing, Bill. We are losing $60 billion a year in trade deficits with Mexico. We can't do that.

Bill O'Reilly: You talked to Putin last week. You had a busy week last week.

Donald Trump: I had a busy week. Yes. Busy week and a half.

Bill O'Reilly: But within 24 hours of you on the phone with the Russian leader, the pro-Russian forces step up the violence in Ukraine.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Bill O'Reilly: Did you take that as an insult?

Donald Trump: No I didn't because we don't really know exactly what that is. They're pro-forces. We don't know if they're uncontrollable? Are they uncontrollable? That happens also. We're going to find out. I will be surprised, but we will see.

Bill O'Reilly: Do you respect Putin?

Donald Trump: I do respect him.

Bill O'Reilly: Do you? Why?

Donald Trump: Well, I respect a lot of people. But that doesn't mean I am going to get along with him. He's a leader of his country. I say it's better to get along with Russia than not. Will I get along with them? I have no idea.

Bill O'Reilly: He is a killer though. Put is a killer.

Donald Trump: There are a lot of killers. Do you think our country is so innocent? Do you think our country is so innocent?

Bill O'Reilly: I don't know of any government leaders that are killers in America.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what we have done too. We've made a lot of mistakes. I've been against the war in Iraq from the beginning.

Bill O'Reilly: Yes. Mistakes are different then --

Donald Trump: A lot of mistakes, okay? But a lot of people were killed. So, a lot of killers around, believe me.

Bill O'Reilly: All right. You mentioned ISIS. Can we expect, we the American people, more U.S. military action against ISIS?

Donald Trump: You know, I hate to be evasive but --

Bill O'Reilly: You know, tell me specifically.

Donald Trump: I don't like talking openly about it. I don't like talking openly about it. I can say this, ISIS is bad. They are evil. They cut off heads of Christians and Muslims and anybody else that gets in their way. They drown people in steel cages. This is like not since the medieval times has anything happened like this. And the previous administration allowed it to happen because we shouldn't have been in Iraq, but we shouldn't have gotten out the way we got out. It created a vacuum, ISIS was formed. I was to take the oil. If they would've taken the oil, there would be no ISIS because they used that to --

Bill O'Reilly: If you took the oil, the Iraqi oil, you would have to put in U.S. troops to do that, and then that would have started another round of it.

Donald Trump: And you would have made a lot of money with the oil and you would have had assets and to the -- and all of that. But forget that.

Bill O'Reilly: Okay. Let's turn to domestic policy. When can Americans expect the tax cuts? This year?

Donald Trump: Yes. We are working very much right now on the health care package. Which I think would be -- it is moving along very well. We are trying to get our person Dr. Tom price approved, as you know, the Democrats are being purely political reasons.

Bill O'Reilly: Yes.

Donald Trump: That is terrible.

Bill O'Reilly: But let me get you on the record here. 2017, can Americans expect a tax cut?

Donald Trump: I think so, yes. And I think before the end of the year, I would like to say yes.

Bill O'Reilly: Okay. Can Americans in 2017 expect a new health care plan ruled out by the Trump administration? This year.

Donald Trump: Well, in the process, and maybe it will take until sometime into next year, but we are certainly going to be in the process. Very complicated. ObamaCare is a disaster. You have to remember, ObamaCare doesn't work. You look at Arizona, 160 percent increase. You look at Minnesota, all of these places it's going through the roof.

Bill O'Reilly: It's done.

Donald Trump: It doesn't work.

Bill O'Reilly: But when are you going to have something ready?

Donald Trump: We're going to be putting it in very soon. I think that yes, I would like to say by the end of the year. At least the rudiments, but we should have something within a year into the following year. And by the way, we will have something that is good. Less expensive and really great health care. [End Video Clip]

Bill O'Reilly: Next on the rundown, part two of the Trump interview, we focus on immigration, Kate's Law, and Mr. Trump's relationship with President Obama. Coming right back. [End Part 1]

Bill O'Reilly: [Begin Part 2] Continuing now with our lead story, an interview with President Trump at the White House last Friday. As stated the talk is making headlines all over the world. Here is part two. [Begin Video Clip]

Bill O'Reilly: Now, this is a fascinating story. I just spent the week in California, as you know. They are now voting on whether they should become a sanctuary state. So, the state of California, led by Governor Jerry Brown is defying you, absolutely defying the President of the United States. So, California and the USA are on a collision course. How do you see it?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it is a ridiculous sanctuary cities as you know. I am very much opposed to sanctuary cities. They break crime, there are lots of problems. You do it very well with Kate and all of the other people you talk about on the show that I watch. I will tell you that sanctuary cities are -- they got a lot of problems, and if there is tremendous crime. A lot of people agree with me. This was a campaign issue. This isn't just brought up now. California in many ways is out of control, as you know. And from an economic standpoint, people are leaving California and going to Texas and other places that run in a different manner, but we will see what happens. We will certainly not stand for sanctuary even cities, let alone states.

Bill O'Reilly: You mentioned Kate's Law. Why do you think the Democratic Party opposes Kate's Law? It seems so logical.

Donald Trump: Yes. It's so logical. There are many things that are very logical, the tax cuts are logical but the Democrats who want to raise taxes --

Bill O'Reilly: But you didn't answer my question. Why do the Democrats oppose, oppose, protecting Americans from violent foreign criminals? Why?

Donald Trump: Because they think that is their voter.

Bill O'Reilly: You know what is fascinating, to watch you at the inauguration with Barack Obama. You guys seem to get along. All right? Would that be accurate?

Donald Trump: It's a very strange phenomenon. We get along. I don't know if he will admit this, but he likes me.

Bill O'Reilly: How do you know he likes you?

Donald Trump: I like him because I can feel it. You know, that is what I do in life, it's called like, I understand. Now, we had a rough campaign. He was fighting better for Hillary than she did. He was vicious during the campaign toward me, and I was vicious toward him. We said horrible things about each other. And then we hopped into the car and we drive down Pennsylvania Avenue together. We don't even talk about it. Politics is amazing.

Bill O'Reilly: What did you talk about?

Donald Trump: We talked about the country. We talked about the future of the country. I asked him about what you think our biggest problem is, and he told me that I can't tell you, but it's a problem. It's a military problem.

Bill O'Reilly: China?

Donald Trump: No, it's not China.

Bill O'Reilly: No?

Donald Trump: No, it is, he did mention -- because I did ask him, I said, what would you say one, two, three problems are? And the number one problem that he felt I was a little bit surprised but I fully understand --

Bill O'Reilly: But you can't tell us?

Donald Trump: I can't do that. I can't do that. Not for any other reason other than I don't think he would mind if I said it. I don't want to let that particular place know that that's the way he or I feel. But we had a great -- it was a great inauguration. I loved every minute of it, and I got along with him. In fact, people were sort of surprised. I finished, I turned around, he was smiling, I was smiling.

Bill O'Reilly: It was fascinating. But here's what was more fascinating. Right after you guys embraced, shook hands, all of that, you gave a speech. But your speech excoriated him. You basically took his administration apart, and he is sitting five feet away from you. In your mind, did you say, how is he reacting to this speech?

Donald Trump: See, I am an honest person, the country has a very, very deep- seated problems. We have to do something about it. And if you noticed, when I finish my speech, I turned around, shook his hand --

Bill O'Reilly: Yes. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: And he was very gracious. And smiling.

Bill O'Reilly: I don't know if he was happy with that.

Donald Trump: I don't know, but he seemed to be. But this isn't just a knock on him. We have been going down the wrong path for many years beyond him. [End Video Clip]

Bill O'Reilly: Now, tomorrow, I asked the President some personal questions about his White House experience so far. I think you will find it interesting. [End Part 2]

Bill O'Reilly: [Begin Part 3] What is the most surprising thing for you about this job you have? You come from the private sector, no political office, now, you are the President of United States. What surprised you?

Donald Trump: I think the size, the magnitude of everything. So, I was a very big real estate person. I build a building for 500 million or $900 million. And here, you look at an airplane contract where you can save $600 million on 90 plans. I saved more than $600 million. I got involved in negotiation on a fighter jet, the F-35. And by the way, Lockheed Martin, a great company. But they weren't bringing their price up. I got involved, I saved more than $600 million. I was very proud of that. But the magnitude of -- you can do that at every level of government. My new thing is going to be Pharma because we pay too much with the largest drug purchaser in the world. And they don't negotiate.

Bill O'Reilly: How many hours a day you're working?

Donald Trump: I'm working long hours. Long hours. Right up until 12:00, 1:00 in the morning.

Bill O'Reilly: What time do you get up?

Donald Trump: Five o'clock.

Bill O'Reilly: All right. And you are working after you have breakfast?

Donald Trump: I read the papers, I see what is going on, I take a look. I see the lies, you know, the lies -- that is another thing. I always got good press. You know, I was a business guy, I got good press.

Bill O'Reilly: [Laughter] I know.

Donald Trump: I have never -- I collect, you know, fake news. Some of the networks and some of the papers -- the level of dishonesty, when they take a story that should be good, I know good from bad.

Bill O'Reilly: Sure.

Donald Trump: They take something that should be a good story, in fact, sometimes, I say, oh, this is going to be nice to read and say, whoa. And they will purposely totally change it. It is fake news.

Bill O'Reilly: Why are they doing that?

Donald Trump: Well, because I am on the other side of the equation. They did it to Reagan but not as much.

Bill O'Reilly: Why? I don't understand.

Donald Trump: I just think that it is just the other side of the coin. You know, they called themselves progressive, which is a beautiful word. But it's not true.

Bill O'Reilly: Do you think they don't like you?

Donald Trump: When you look at what happens -- I don't know. I think they don't like my -- I don't think they like anybody on our side.

Bill O'Reilly: I know you for a long time and I know that, you know, when people attack you personally, that bothers you. So, they are saying that you are anti-Muslim. They are saying you are anti-Black. They are saying you are anti-poor. Do you respond, because you do come back?

Donald Trump: I always respond.

Bill O'Reilly: I mean, but does it hurt your feelings that they are making you into a hater?

Donald Trump: No because they always do it. The first thing they do with the Republicans or conservatives is the racist card. They pull out the racist card. They always do. Not just me. I mean, they do it with everybody. And I see that and once you know that, you feel a lot better about it.

Bill O'Reilly: Is there any validity to the criticism of you that you say things you can't back up factually? And as the President -- you can do that as a candidate or businessman. But if you say for example that there are three million illegal aliens who voted and then, you don't have the data to back it up, some people is going to say, that is irresponsible for a president to say that. Is there any validity?

Donald Trump: Well, many people have come out and said I am right. You know that.

Bill O'Reilly: I know but you have to have the data to back that up.

Donald Trump: And doesn't have to do with a vote, although, that is the end result, it has to do with the registration. And when you look at the registration, and you see dead people that have voted, that are on many, many dead people are on that have voted, when you see people that are registered in two states that voted in two states, when you see other things, when you see illegals, people that are not citizens, and they are on the registration rolls. See? What they do is they load up the registration rolls. There is a lot of bad things happening. Look, Bill, we can be babies but you take a look at the registration, you have illegals, you have dead people, you have this, it is really a bad situation. It is really bad.

Bill O'Reilly: So, you think you're going to be proven correct in that statement?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I already have. A lot of people have come out and said that I am right.

Bill O'Reilly: Yes. But the data has to show that three million illegals voted.

Donald Trump: Look, we have a lot of different -- you go to the voting booths and you see what was going on. But to get that -- forget all of that. Just take a look at the registration as we're going to do it. I'm going to set up a commission to be headed by Vice President Mike Pence and we are going to look at it very, very carefully.

Bill O'Reilly: Well, that is good.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Bill O'Reilly: Let's get to the bottom of it. Do you ever think you were going to convince the media, the American media, to give -- and I know that you don't feel you are getting a fair shot, okay?

Donald Trump: So, you don't, either. Because I watch and you say --

Bill O'Reilly: In many cases -- [Crosstalk]

Bill O'Reilly: You say you're not getting a fair shot because you said, ideology drives the news coverage and it shouldn't. News coverage should be news coverage, not ideological. What I do, I am an analyst, I can do whatever I want. And I have criticized you and you know what and you come right back at me and that is good. That is a good thing. But there are entities in this country that despise you and your administration. Can you, do you think you can ever convince them to take it down a bit?

Bill O'Reilly: Mr. President, thanks very much for taking the time.