Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-news-april-28-2017

Martha MacCallum: To day 99, which was spectacular in our nation's capital, but day 1 as you remember was cold and gray back in January when the President took the oath of office and spoke of American carnage and rattled the establishment with these words. [Begin Video Clip]

Donald Trump: Washington flourished but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, but for too many of our citizens, a different reality exists. An education system flushed with cash but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of all knowledge. We've defended other nation's borders while refusing to defend our own. [End Video Clip]

Martha MacCallum: All themes that have been part of the first 99 days, the President's approval numbers right now in the mid-40s and while 30 executive orders and 28 bills have been signed into law, 13 of which were bills that were rollbacks from Obama-era regulations, the big three that he campaigned on, health care, tax reform, and immigration reform have not happened quickly as he had hoped. The President is clearly frustrated to some extent with the Republican Congress. The businessman now-president learning that the wheels turn slowly in this town, and he sees his biggest win so far as outside our borders. Earlier today, we spoke about both.

Donald Trump: Well, I think I've gotten and developed tremendous relationships throughout the world with the leaders. That's something that you won't - you know, we have this artificial barrier called 100 days which I'm not a big fan of, but of course, I know - [Crosstalk]

Martha MacCallum: Well, you made a pretty good effort to get a lot of things done in the past few days.

Donald Trump: No, no, I fall victim to it all, so -- no, no, I fall victim to it all, so -- but it is very much an artificial barrier but allot of things can't be really determined. As an example, I've made tremendous and created great foundations in terms of relationships with China and with Japan and with many, many other countries. You are saying yourself and so on the show the other night where you're talking about there's never been any, kind of, a relationship that we've had with China, look at what China's doing, they're turning back the coal ships from North Korea, they're putting a lot of pressure on North Korea.

Donald Trump: Now, I don't know -- I have a lot of respect and I really like President Xi. I don't know that he is going to be able to pull it off. It may have to be a much more difficult ending, to be honest, but he is trying. I believe he is trying. And he's a friend of mine and I really like him a lot. We'll see what happens, but I've set the foundations for a lot of great relationships in the future. I have tremendous feelings for a lot of the people running the countries of this world. And that's a good thing, that's a great thing.

Donald Trump: Now, you don't measure that in the first 100 days but those foundations have been set in the first 100 days. Getting a Supreme Court Justice, a great one, I think he'll be great one but getting him not only nominated but approved in the first 100 days which hasn't been done since 1881. And this is going to be something really special. That was interesting. It was -- I was reading a couple of reports where every time there's a five to four decision in favor of let's say what our views are and this is for the next thirty or forty years potentially, you know, you can say that you had a major part in it.

Donald Trump: That's why I've always said having supreme Court justice, getting Supreme Court justices confirmed. Now, I could have others and we'll see what happens but getting justice gore such confirmed was to me a very bighting and it will be a very big thing in the future.

Martha MacCallum: You are a registered democrat for a long time, now republican President of the United States, and people say, "Well, President Trump is not an ideologue, he is a pragmatist. How would you describe your political philosophy?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not really an ideologue. I think I'm a person of common sense. I think more than anything else and I was a democrat, I came from a place -- you know, I lived in Manhattan. I started in Queens with my parents and then when I started doing a little better and better deals, I was able to get into Manhattan, I moved into Manhattan and in Manhattan you, you know, republicans are not exactly flourishing. And so I started off as a democrat like Ronald Reagan was also a democrat. And over the years, you know, your views just change somewhat but I think more than anything else I'm a person of common sense.

Donald Trump: I understand what has to be done, I get things done I've always been a closer. We don't have a lot of closers in politics and I understand why. It's a very rough system, it's an archaic system. You look at the rules of the senate, even the rules of the house, bit the rule of the senate and some of the things you have to go through, it's really a bad thing for the country in my opinion.

Donald Trump: There are archaic rules and maybe at some point, we're going to have to take those rules on because for the good of the nation things are going to have to be different. You can't go through a process like this. It's not fair, it forces you to make bad decisions. I mean, if you're forced into doing things that you would normally not do except for these archaic rules, so --

Martha MacCallum: Like what, how would you change them?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, you look at the voting and you look at the filibuster system. And it used to be. You know, I always thought of filibuster where you stand up and you talk all day and then somebody else--

Martha MacCallum: You don't have to do that anymore.

Donald Trump: No, you don't have to do it anymore. Today you say filibuster guys sit home and they watch television or whatever they do. I think, you know, the filibuster concept is not a good concept to start off with but if you're going to filibuster, let somebody stand up for 20 hours and talk and do what they have to do or even if they are reading comic books to everybody, let them do it but honestly, the whole with so many bad concepts in our rules and it's forcing bad decisions. I really see. I see just -- I've seen this -- I've seen it over the years where bad decisions are made, decisions that nobody wanted are made because of archaic rules and that's something that I think we're going to have to change.

Martha MacCallum: You really try to make a lot of moves to shrink the size of government, to shrink the size of the bureaucracy. But people say why not be concerned about the deficit? Why allow it to balloon with this tax reform deal and why not touch entitlements because unless you do that, you're not really ever going to take a bite out of the spending.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not touching Social Security other than fraud, waste, and abuse. And I will tell you this, look. We are doing -- we're just put in I think a great tax proposal, the economy is going to boom and you'll see that. It'll take a period of time and you'll going to have some deficits in the meantime, it's, sort of, called priming the pump, you have to prime the pump but look, the numbers just came out yesterday really, the real numbers. 1.6 GDP last year under President Obama.

Donald Trump: 1.6 percent, now, that is a horrible number. I call up leaders of countries and I say -- because I'm so friendly with so many of the leaders as I said and I say, "How are you doing?" "Oh, we are not doing well, we are not doing well, it's -- we are very upset. GDP is 8 percent," or GDP is seven or GDP is eleven and here we are at essentially one percent GDP and were supposed to be happy about it? No, we have to prime the pump, but more often a lot of other things are happening.

Donald Trump: We're going to be doing trade bills you see what's happening with all of the trade deals that we have which are horrible. We're going to have a lot of money pouring into our country. In addition to which you wouldn't get GDP from the one percent to a one and a half percent to let's say, I say four because I really believe it. You know, we're saying three but I say four --

Martha MacCallum: Four buy one?

Donald Trump: And I say over the next few years. And I say there is no reason we shouldn't be able to get at some point into the future to five and above. But we need better trade deals, we lose a fortune with every country. Look, I've been talking about China for years. Now, I speak nicely about China because I really do believe they're trying to help out with respect to North Korea but the trade deficit with China is hundreds of billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: The trade deficit with Mexico is close to $70 billion, even with candidates it's $17 billion trade deficit with Canada. I mean, the lumber pouring into our country and all of the things coming from Canada and it's not reciprocal. And the word I like to use is reciprocal. If we had a reciprocal nature to our trade deals it would be a whole different ballgame, but that's very unfair. And we never, ever seem to have a surplus with countries. With every country takes advantage of the United States and it's not good happen anymore.

Martha MacCallum: In terms of legislation you're going to see everywhere on Saturday that there was no major legislation passed in the first hundred days. You have the republican congress --

Donald Trump: You know, that's been a wrong, not necessarily wrong. First of all, we had 28 bills.

Martha MacCallum: Understood.

Donald Trump: I was with the reporter the other day who said the same thing, "You didn't pass anything," and I said, "No, we passed 28 bills. And by the way, by tomorrow it could be 32." These are bills passed by the legislature which I'm saying. I'm not talking about the executive orders which are frankly equally as important but I'm talking about bills passed so we have 28, we could have 32 within the next two days but when you of that this reporter said, "No, I don't believe it."They went back and checked and he said, "You know, you're right, you actually passed --

Martha MacCallum: You are right and we have looked at the list. I should've been more specific about --

Donald Trump: And a lot of it is important. How about -- how about --

Martha MacCallum: -- having about health care reform --

Donald Trump: Well, how about this --

Martha MacCallum: -- tax reform --

Donald Trump: Sure, the two biggest --

Martha MacCallum: -- immigration reform? OK.

Donald Trump: And we're doing very well on them. We're doing very well on them. Look --

Martha MacCallum: But my question for you is about -- is about congress because when you were running you said I'm going to do great deals with congress, I'm going to have great relationships on Capitol Hill. Are you disappointed with how the republicans have handled these big issues? Health care went down the first time.

Donald Trump: Yes, I'm disappointed.

Martha MacCallum: And there was some suggestion it might happen today but now it's not going to happen.

Donald Trump: I'm disappointed that it doesn't go quicker. I like them a lot, I have great relationships, and most of them I don't even know but many of them like the Freedom Caucus came and I see that it's not we love our president, we're doing this for our president, you look at that -- you look at the moderates, it's the same thing. We love our president. They have different views. You know, I kept -- I have a party that's coming to a lot of territory, they have different views, I'm disappointed.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, Paul Ryan's trying very, very hard. I think everybody is trying very hard. It is a very tough system and we're dealing with obstructionists. The democrats and I have one democratic vote. Obamacare is exploding, Obamacare is dead, essentially, Obamacare is dead, and it's not going to make it, OK? You have states. I went to Tennessee two weeks ago, half of the states doesn't have any insurance companies. You look at Kentucky, what's going on, you -- it's a disaster in terms of, you know, the insurance companies are all going to be pulling out. Many, many states you have no insurance companies, Obamacare is dead.

Martha MacCallum: I hear you but, you know --

Donald Trump: The democrats know it. Wait one second. The democrats know it and unfortunately because of the hard time that the republicans have had getting their hands around these things which shouldn't be because it -- you know, I once said it's complicated, it'snot complicated compared to other things being complicated, it's not that hard. I was disappointed that they didn't have more in line by time they walked in. But Obamacare took 17 months of brutality to get it approved.

Donald Trump: They ended up giving Nebraska, the Nebraska deal was, were frankly that senator who wasn't even that popular made one of the best deals, what they did for the State of Nebraska. I will tell you this, I will tell you that the 17 months to get Obamacare approved. What we're talking about is far better than Obamacare, it's an incredible bill and we have a good shot at getting it approved by the house. And I call them, I said, "Look, look, the hundred days, don't worry about it, you don't have to take the vote today. Take it next week. Take it in two weeks and three weeks but take a vote --

Martha MacCallum: But I want to know about the leadership on this because after the first health care bill did not pass you said I have complete confidence in Paul Ryan. Do you still have complete confidence that he can get these moderates on board with the House Freedom Caucus because you've got to get everybody upon the raft?

Donald Trump: He's a good man, he's under tremendous amount of pressure. I do have confidence in him, I have confidence in the Freedom Caucus people, Mark Meadows and Jim Jordan and all of the different -- you know, all of the different guys. I have confidence in them, I have great confidence in the moderates. These are great, great people, Martha McSally. She flew jet fighters, she used to tell me more about jets than anybody was able to tell me about jets. These are great people. They're great people. They were all great people.

Martha MacCallum: So they're going to get it done.

Donald Trump: I believe that they're going to get it done. I believe it's going to be --

Martha MacCallum: And the timeframe?

Donald Trump: I think maybe next week sometime.

Martha MacCallum: Next week? OK.

Donald Trump: They're really coming together. I'll tell you what. They are -- it's very interesting, they're getting together and, you know, they never had a government, they always had Obama and they didn't have the senate, so they could always vote no and do whatever they want to do and nobody cared just for many years, so it didn't matter. All of a sudden, we're governing and I told him and I said, "Folks, we are now governing. We have to come together to -- "

Martha MacCallum: And a lot of people said they had all these years to put these bills together, these plans together, and they --

Donald Trump: Well, I know but they also at all -- yes, but they were all -- unless there was a culture shock for them, they never had it governed. It didn't matter if they voted yes or no because Obama was going to reject it anyway. Who was going to be there with anyway? And they wouldn't get it through the senate.

Martha MacCallum: Maybe they didn't know that you were going to win so they weren't ready.

Donald Trump: Well, they probably -- some of them knew I was going to win because they saw the crowds but I had great support from both groups.

Martha MacCallum: Yes.

Donald Trump: Look, these are great people, they have different views but their views are coming together and I think you're going to see. Again, they are now starting to govern. It's a big difference. Before whether it's freedom or the moderates, they could always vote no. They knew the senate was going to reject it anyway because they didn't have the senate.

Martha MacCallum: Yes.

Donald Trump: And even if something happened in the senate, Obama was going to be there, so it didn't really matter and now what matters.

Martha MacCallum: So what -- what do you say to the members of congress who say well, you know, the president's approval numbers are in the high 40s.

Donald Trump: It's not that --

Martha MacCallum: I'm not necessarily going to, you know, bend to his will because on tax reform and on health care, I might lose my own election at home that you don't have the numbers to make it --

Donald Trump: Solemnly --

Martha MacCallum: -- important for them to come along with you?

Donald Trump: Let me guess. OK. So I have approvals in the high 40s, every network that you see with the exception of Fox, Fox has been fair but every network you see hits me on every topic, made up stories like Russia, they do the Russia, the full Russia, I call it the fake Russia story. Russia story was made up because the -- they were embarrassed by their loss. They had this tremendous loss, a loss like nobody has ever seen before. The democrats should never lose the Electoral College because they automatically start with New York, California, and Illinois.

Martha MacCallum: Right.

Donald Trump: It's impossible for republican to win. And not only did I won I won easily. So they made up this Russia thing to try and deflect because they're embarrassed by what happened. The Russia is a phony -- what do you see is the Russia story? The Russia story. And you see all of these other phony stories. It's so bad and for me to have great approval records in light of all the faux press and the fake press I think is amazing.

Donald Trump: Now, I will say this, we had a case where I got involved the last few days in Atlanta, in fact, I'm going there today for Karen, he looked like he was going to win, he had about 56 percent of the vote, if he gets 50 he wins, we have no way, democratic congressman. I did a robocall, I did some tweets, I did some interviews, he didn't get the number, and I believe she's going to win, and she might win very easily, I'm involved in other congressional races. I think I'm going to win.

Martha MacCallum: The president making the argument that he has had a positive impact on some of the special elections that we have watched. Up next in part two of my exclusive sit-down with President Trump today, wait to hear who he believes is to blame for the General Flynn controversy and why he thinks his new tax reform plan will work without touching social security, how those numbers add up. Will see how the president answers this question as well. Do you ever think will may be one term would be enough of this kind of life?

Martha MacCallum: We are back and the Russia investigation has cast a long shadow over the first 100 days particularly when it comes to former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and that is where we pick up a question from the second part of our interview today, our sit-down with President Trump.

Donald Trump: If you look at other networks all I do is get hit all the time. And by the way, falsely. And I don't mind getting hit legitimately but --

Martha MacCallum: Well, that story is not -- is not going anywhere as you know. I mean, that story has a lot of, sort of, avenues to it and the most recent one comes back to Mike Flynn who -- when he left when here signed you said that he was treated horribly and that you felt badly about that. Given what we now are seeing on the payments from Turkey and Russia, would you stand by that comment?

Donald Trump: Well, let me just tell you I do feel badly for him, he served the country, he was a general but just remember he was approved by the Obama Administration at the highest level. And when they say we didn't bet, well, Obama I guess didn't bet because he was approved at the highest level of security by the Obama Administration. So when he came into our administration for a short period of time, he came in -- he was already approved by the Obama Administration and he had years left on that approval.

Donald Trump: Now, if somebody is approved at the absolute highest level by the Obama or a previous administration, I mean, does anybody ever ask about them? Does anybody ask about why Bill Clinton was paid a fortune to make speeches in Russia? Does anybody ever ask about Podesta having a company with his brother in Russia? Does anybody ever ask why Podesta would not let the FBI check on the server when somebody hacked their server?

Donald Trump: And by the way, they tried to hack the RNC too but we had good defense. We had good defense. They couldn't hack us. But does anybody ask why is it that Podesta had a company in Russia with his brother? They don't mention that. Now, they should mention that, Martha, but they don't. It's one of those things.

Martha MacCallum: I want to move on to a couple of other quick things because I know we're short on time. The huge cut that small businesses would see would also be enjoyed by hedge funds and also by real estate companies. Is that going to make it tougher for you to get that big cut through for the past through past companies in your tax reform?

Donald Trump: So with the highest tax nation in the world are business taxes are through the roof and we're not competitive and companies are leaving. We're going to break companies back, we're going to lower taxes and the biggest beneficiaries of the small companies and the biggest of all beneficiary are middle-income people who have really been hurt. Their taxes are going down to 10 percent and I have two guys, I mean, I have the president of Goldman Sachs, Gary Cohn, I have Steve Mnuchin, one of the most successful guys, never made a bad deal.

Donald Trump: These are very smart guys but I said, "Fellas, you keep forgetting to mention because I'm the one that set the numbers, I'm the one that did this to a large extent. You keep forgetting to say that the biggest beneficiaries of the middle-class people who have been absently hurt."

Martha MacCallum: But your critics are going to say, "Well, real estate companies like President Trump's company will benefit along with that middle cut," so is there -- is it going to make it harder for you to get that big cut in the middle, the 39 takes to 50?

Donald Trump: OK. If I'm individually paying 35 percent, I will tell you that's more, OK. I'm going to end up paying more than I pay right now in taxes, all right? I will pay more than I pay right now. The reason I'm going to pay more is because I lose all the deductions. They have deductions on top of the deductions, they have hundreds and hundreds of pages of deductions.

Martha MacCallum: We'll eliminate those and then --

Donald Trump: -- things that you never heard of before, I have great accounting firms, I'm sure you do. They come in -- well, you're entitled to a deduction for geese flying over America, you're entitled to this, you're entitled to -- by the time they give you all these, all that stuff goes away, all of it goes away other than charitable deductions which we think is important to keep and interest deductions which we think is important to keep. But all of the stuff goes away.

Martha MacCallum: Yes.

Donald Trump: So I predict I will probably pay more than I'm paying right now.

Martha MacCallum: So your life pretty much changed completely after election day, how would you say the presidency has changed you?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't have much privacy but now I have no privacy. I said to somebody the other day I love driving cars. You know, to me a great -- a great event is getting into a car and driving someplace, I can't do that anymore and I haven't been able to do that really since the primaries. When you go to number one in the primaries all of a sudden you get secret service and -- so it's been a long time. And, you know, there are certain things in life that you miss. It's -- you're in a cocoon and there are amazing people, the secret service, but you can't go very far.

Martha MacCallum: Do you ever think will may be one term would be enough of this kind of life?

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, I want to see how we're doing. I hope that we do so well, that, you know, things are good, that I could either run easily and nicely and enjoy the fruits of what we did. Maybe it takes a little bit longer but I think we're doing tremendously well. I don't think anybody has ever done this much in a hundred days. But I've always said it's going to be 8 years, not 4 years.

Martha MacCallum: Personal question for you, you're going back to New York.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Martha MacCallum: I'm surprised that you haven't been back to New York yet since you became president.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll break this on the show, I love New York but going back is very expensive for the country because they close up 5th Avenue and they close up 56th Street. I live in Trump Tower which is right smack, great location, right smack in the middle of everything and I always feel a little bit guilty when I go there. And if I go to as an example I have a lot of property. So if I go to one of my clubs like in New Jersey, they'll say, "Oh, he's going to play golf," I'm not going to play golf, I couldn't care less about golf but have a place there.

Donald Trump: That costs almost nothing because it's hundreds of acres and security and they don't have to close up streets et cetera, et cetera. And I like to do that as much as possible. The problem is every time I go to a club they say, "He's out there having fun," I'm not having fun. When I go to a club I'm working. As an example, I did play golf with Ernie Els and the Prime Minister of Japan, Prime Minister Abe.

Donald Trump: That was such a great day and we bonded because of that and, you know, bringing Ernie Els along, a great golfer, great champion, he'll never forget the day we had a great time but I feel guilty when I go back to Europe because I hate to see the New Yorkers with the streets closed and I've been there because I've been there when presidents have come to New York City.

Martha MacCallum: Yes, we were around the corner, we know.

Donald Trump: You know.

Martha MacCallum: Yes.

Donald Trump: And they close up, you know, the entire midtown section of Manhattan. I don't know if it's all necessary, so I go back as little as possible because it's expensive, et cetera, it would be much better, people would understand that I could go other places that I have but then they hit me for relaxing and I don't want to be known as a person who relaxes because I'm working hard and I'm working hard for the people and were doing a great job.

Martha MacCallum: We're looking forward to having your -- the first lady and your son will be here soon?

Donald Trump: They're here right now and yes, I am. I mean, it's going to be great. They're going to move right as soon as he's finished with school they're moving to Washington.

Martha MacCallum: Mr. President, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you, thank you very much as well.

Martha MacCallum: Good to be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.