Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-rick-and-bubba-september-25-2017

Rick Burgess: It is 35 minutes past the hour. You have the Rick and Bubba Show. As promoted, and we're thankful to all who made this happen, the 45th president of the United States of America, Donald Trump, is standing by. President, welcome to the Rick and Bubba Show.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, both, very much. I got to meet Bubba the other night. We had, I guess, a record-setting rally. Couldn't have been one that was more crowded than that.

Donald Trump: It was a great evening.

Bubba Bussey: Mr. President, it was an exciting and electric night. It was a pleasure to meet you.

Donald Trump: Well, great meeting you. And Bubba, that was great to meet you.

Rick Burgess: Well, he worked the crowd into a frenzy. We've watched the video, I mean, the place was in a frenzy. And I told you that if things don't go the way that you're hoping they'll go concerning the Senate race, you can blame that on Bubba.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to, I expect to. Luther, who's a really great guy, he's a fantastic guy. And he was sort of unfairly labeled. They have him as best friends with Mitch McConnell.

Donald Trump: He doesn't even know Mitch. I mean, he met him a few months ago. When he came into Washington, he got to know him a little bit. But he virtually doesn't even know him, but they tried to put that tag away.

Donald Trump: Politics is a dirty business. You guys might have figured that out by now.

Rick Burgess: Oh my goodness.

Bubba Bussey: We've heard that.

Donald Trump: And Luther Strange is a -- is going to be a great senator. He already has, and he already has helped me. You know the story I told is 100% true. He wanted to give me his support. And I just didn't forget it.

Donald Trump: It was a different kind of a support. It was without -- it's just a support that was a very beautiful thing to watch happening, the way it formed, and he really was helpful. And he's helpful right now, actually. So we hope we can keep him in the Senate. He's -- he loves Alabama. I tell you what, he loves the state and he loves the country and he's a solid guy. And very important, fellas, to me very importantly, is that he will absolutely win against the Democrat.

Donald Trump: Whereas Ray's going to have a hard time, you know that. It's going to be a hard race. You've seen those races go very bad over the years, whether it's Harry Reid's race or whether it's a couple of others that I won't even mention, that were tough and they were not victories, and Luther wins automatically. If Luther wins tomorrow, the Democrats will hardly fight. If Ray wins, they've got to pour in $30 million like they did in Atlanta.

Rick Burgess: Yes.

Donald Trump: I had to bring her -- we brought her over the line. We did a great job. But Karen, we had a -- we had a very, very, very tough race, taking -- fighting for Tom Price's seat in the -- in Congress. And they spent $32 million on that race because they thought they're gonna win.

Donald Trump: It ended up that we won by five points. The good news, I'm five and 0.

Rick Burgess: Yes, right.

Donald Trump: OK. And these races will last a little while. And I want to keep it. I want to make this one, six and 0. This is an important one, so I want to make it six and 0.

Donald Trump: But I'm doing it really for the country. I mean, he is a good man. We can't lose him.

Rick Burgess: So you -- President, you said, obviously, and it was Roy Moore. I know you were saying Ray. But Roy Moore and -- but I wanted to clarify that for the audience who you were talking about. Obviously, this would not be somebody that we would be against as far as who he is.

Rick Burgess: But when you're talking about the strategy, and I think you're right, if Luther doesn't win this, there's a shot that he's kind of -- Roy's done a great job as a judge. But when it comes to a senator and some of the things he's been part of, whether it's right or not, the Democrats are going to try to turn this into something they think they have hope in. And is that part of the motivation? And I know you said it was them. But when you tell people right now about Luther, you also think with -- right now, with every single vote that counts, you just feel like this is somebody that's going to push your agenda through without hesitation.

Donald Trump: Well, I think that Luther will be absolutely fantastic in terms of agenda. He wants the wall. He's very, very tough on crime. Remember this that if Luther didn't run, if he would have -- in other words, if he weren't appointed, let's say, he was Attorney General and he stayed Attorney General, etc., etc., and then he ran, nobody would even run against him.

Donald Trump: He would have been -- but because he was appointed by a little bit of a controversial guy, I guess, as I understand it, now, it makes the race tough. If he would have done nothing and just run now against -- and it might be that Roy Moore, as you say, because I don't know Roy Moore at all.

Rick Burgess: Right.

Donald Trump: And I think it's perhaps indicative when somebody doesn't even know his name, you know?

Rick Burgess: Right.

Donald Trump: I know this great controversy and there's a lot of angst, but I don't know very much about Roy Moore. Luther is going to be -- Luther was one of the most popular people in Alabama. I mean, he was really a popular guy, and he would have won that race had he not been appointed. It turned out to be -- really, appointing him turned out to be difficult.

Rick Burgess: Right.

Donald Trump: At the same time, I'm glad it happened because he's really been helpful.

Rick Burgess: Right.

Donald Trump: And again, it's so important because, as you know, Mitch is not, polling-wise, the most popular guy in this country. And they like to label him because he happened to be there for a number of months with -- in the Senate, so they like to label him as [ Mitch's ] best friend. But he's not, and he hardly even knows him. And he'll be fighting Mitch.

Donald Trump: I know he's going to fight him on that ridiculous filibuster role, where you need 60 votes instead of 50 or 51. That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. So that means we need eight Democrats, and the Republicans could end it. I know that Luther came out the other day very much opposed to that, and that's -- and Mitch wants to keep it, which is ridiculous, by the way. But Mitch wants to keep it.

Donald Trump: And how do you get votes? That means you have to get eight Democrats every time.

Rick Burgess: Yeah, I don't get it.

Donald Trump: It is absolutely insanity to keep it. But Luther's very, very strongly opposed to that. He wants 51 votes and the Republicans have a very, very slim march. And the fact is in '18, we have to get -- we have a chance to get more senators.

Donald Trump: But good things have to happen, so Roy Moore is going to have a very hard time getting elected against the Democrat. And Luther, they won't even be fighting. They won't be sending money because he's a guy that they understand and you check out the polling. But they understand, he's going to do very -- he's going to win a very easy race against a Democrat.

Donald Trump: That's a big difference. People forget this is the end. This is this getting the nomination, and then you go into the race against a Democrat and the Democrat is not an unpopular person. And frankly, it's going to be a very, very tough race for Roy.

Donald Trump: And it's going to be a no-contest for Luther. That's a big factor.

Bubba Bussey: Mr. President, I thought one of the most unfair things in this that Luther has been painted, as you said, and you saw the ads that have run as an insider. He's only been in Washington as a senator for, what, four or five months. I know he worked there one time, too. But I just -- I think that's very unfair characterization of him, don't you think?

Donald Trump: So Luther is a man who is very independent, a man who loves his state, who loves the people of Alabama, and he loves the country and they painted him as also -- they do the same thing with me. They paint me as everything you could imagine. I mean, you've seen that. And yet we just have new polls today, we're doing great because we're accomplishing a lot.

Donald Trump: We have over 50 legislative pieces approved already, approved by the legislature, which is very hard. We have -- I've reduced restrictions and regulations at a rate that has never taken place in history. We have the Supreme Court judge, not just nominated, or -- I mean, it's confirmed, Judge Gorsuch, which is going to save you a Second Amendment. And now hopefully, at some point, we'll get another one.

Donald Trump: But we're gonna save your Second Amendment. Had Hillary won, your Second Amendment was gone. You might as well turn in your rifles and turn in your guns, but we're going to save you a Second Amendment now. And I've done a lot, I think, and I've said this.

Donald Trump: And other people have said it, too. I think I've done more. I think we've accomplished more than any other president in nine months. I don't think any president has accomplished what we've accomplished, and yet I'm always bucking the system. I'm fighting the system. I'm fighting Republicans as much as Democrats. And sometimes, recently, in order to get the tax cuts, I made a deal with the Democrats because you can't make them sometimes with Republicans, which is unfortunate that's why I need a guy like Luther, but I made a deal with Pelosi.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that?

Rick Burgess: No, I can't.

Donald Trump: And Schumer. I mean, yes, but what did we get? We got debt ceiling put off. We got the CRs put off. We got the military put off down the door because I want a lot of -- a lot of money is being spent on the military at my behest. And I want to say -- I don't want to complicate the tax cuts because we're doing massive tax cuts, massive.

Bubba Bussey: Now, I know you're going to roll those out this week, right?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to roll them out on Wednesday. And I think people are going be -- it'll be the largest tax cuts in the history of our country.

Rick Burgess: What you will say gets all of this.

Bubba Bussey: So do we have the votes to get it through already?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll let you know. I mean, health care, I've been watching for seven years. Because don't forget, I've only been doing this for two.

Bubba Bussey: Right.

Donald Trump: So I've been watching now for seven years, repeal and replace by the Republicans. And yet McCain votes against, and we have others -- couple of others that are going to vote, looks like Susan Collins and some others will vote against. And don't forget, when we have 52 senators, so you lose two, you're out. Now we get the vice president, who, by the way, is coming to Alabama today to campaign strongly for Luther.

Donald Trump: But so you -- we don't have much of a margin. We don't have any margin.

Rick Burgess: Well, and I don't understand, and pardon me for interrupting, because we take calls in this show almost every day. If we get to talking about health care, people are in desperate situations.

Donald Trump: Horrible Obamacare.

Rick Burgess: They're -- yes, I mean, and so what I don't understand unless they just didn't tell the truth, how can they say, "Well, we don't have both houses, so we give them the Senate, we give them the house." Well, if we just had the president, wouldn't American people go out and give them the President? And then we go out, you got everything you need, repeal it, and they won't. And the American people are incredibly frustrated by that.

Donald Trump: They should be. It's disgusting. When I ran, I was told I'd have a bill on my desk, got signed at day one and they -- the Republicans repealed and replaced was at sixty one times? But it didn't matter because Obama was in office, so nobody cared because they knew he wasn't going to sign it, wasn't going to get through the Senate anyway, because they had the majority.

Rick Burgess: Yes, which made them like they were pandering that they were not [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, no, what happened is they just kept -- hey I'd take those bills right now, those bills. But now, when it matters, because you have a president who's actually going to sign it, they don't do it and they pander and they grandstand. I mean, you look at McCain. What McCain has done is a tremendous slap in the face of the Republican Party, tremendous.

Donald Trump: He was good to go all the way up until one or two o'clock in the morning when he voted no. I mean, he was good to go. All week long, all month long, he was good to go. Then all of a sudden he goes thumbs down.

Donald Trump: And you can call it what you want, but that was a -- that's the only reason we don't have it, because of John McCain. Nobody thought he was a negative vote. When I was given the negative votes, because remember I was given 10 people. I told you in the speech, I was given 10 people, and I turned every one of them around. I mean, the ones I spoke to, I turned them around. We had all the votes. And then John McCain someplace after one o'clock in the morning, late, late, late in the evening, he all of a sudden goes thumbs down.

Donald Trump: We said what happened with that? Without John McCain, we have -- we already have the health care and it would have been very good, by the way. What had come out -- what would have come out of that committee would have been very good. Now we have it where we're sending it back to the states, which is really a Republican thing. The states can manage it better than the federal government.

Rick Burgess: Amen.

Donald Trump: And it would be a -- it's a great bill. Luther is for it 100%, by the way, but it would be a great bill. But we've got, as I told you, we have 52 votes so we can't lose any votes, I mean, practically. So we're going to lose two or three votes, and that's the end of that. But for seven years, you and I -- both of you and I and everybody listening, and I do hear you have the biggest show in Alabama so I have to see right, let's see how Luther does.

Donald Trump: Basically, so if I don't -- if we don't win, I can blame you guys and your shows. I'll say, "Well, not enough people listen to that."

Rick Burgess: Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's OK.

Rick Burgess: Definitely.

Speedy Wilburn: That won't be the first time.

Rick Burgess: Well, I know we need to -- quickly, because I know we need to get to a break unless we have another segment with you, which I assume we don't, It's not everyday you get two segments out of the president. But.

Rick Burgess: I think it's the first radio show. Honestly, I think this is the first radio show I've done as president.

Rick Burgess: Well, we.

Donald Trump: But that's OK.

Rick Burgess: And we appreciate that.

Donald Trump: That's a great compliment to you, and I thought you were great the other night when I met you two.

Bubba Bussey: Well, thank you, sir. We appreciate it.

Rick Burgess: Thank you very much. You don't ask the president for a liner.

Bubba Bussey: Ask him, Rick.

Speedy Wilburn: Yes, yes, you stop the bad acting for a liner.

Rick Burgess: Mr. President, what I'm about to do right now, if it's not class, you just say, "Burgess, I can't do that for you." But if we could have you say, "This is Donald Trump, president of the United States, and you're listening to the Rick and Bubba Show," we would appreciate it. But if you don't think you should do that, we understand.

Donald Trump: I will. I should definitely not do it, but I will do it. Are you ready?

Rick Burgess: Yes.

Bubba Bussey: Yes.

Donald Trump: This is Donald Trump, president of the United States.

Rick Burgess: I love the state of Alabama, and you're listening to the Rick and Bubba Show and enjoy it.

Bubba Bussey: Thank you, Mr. President, so much.

Donald Trump: OK, fellas.

Speedy Wilburn: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, both, and good luck to Luther. Luther is a -- he will make a great, great senator. I hope the folks at Alabama agree. And I love the folks in Alabama.

Donald Trump: So just have a good time, have a good day, and I appreciate it. Good luck tomorrow.

Rick Burgess: All right. Thank you very much.

Bubba Bussey: Praying for you, sir.

Rick Burgess: There he goes, the president of the United States, Donald Trump. We'll be right back.