Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-david-webb-siriusxm-october-17-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, David. I appreciate all your support. I mean, you have views similar -- I don't even know if we call it support or you have views that are similar than mine.

David Webb: We always had them and now we're here working on them together.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

David Webb: That's what I'd like to call it. You know, we're here to do tax reform. And as you've said, and I agree with you, you know reform can be bad or good. So, let's talk about really fixing the tax code for the American people. I know the business is the biggest chunk economically, and you're a guy who understands economics and business and that's great to have in the White House, but I want to talk about the individuals because that's what I'm getting a lot of calls on. The folks out there.

David Webb: The average American that you've spoken to so well, they're asking about the effect on their families and what it will do to give them an actual break. I want to talk about the zero bracket and the importance of that.

Donald Trump: OK. Good. Good. Well, the zero bracket is a very substantial bracket.

Donald Trump: We're bringing it down to zero for many people that are right now paying taxes and we bring the rate down to 12%, which is a much higher rate in the old tax law. In addition to that, we're lowering -- a lot of people have Subchapter S and they have flow-throughs and they have other things, or they have small businesses, not only large businesses and those rates are coming way down. So we have the business rates are coming down, which I think is most important as businesses are going to be expanding and jobs are going to be had. So, we're going to have a lot of jobs, David, that we didn't have before. And right now we are the highest tax nation anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: You can even say developed or undeveloped. We're the highest tax nation in the world. We have to get this tax cut. It's imperative that we get -- every country is lowering their taxes but us. We haven't lowered them since Ronald Reagan. I mean, it's been many many years since taxes went down and it's hard to believe. Now, when you mentioned the word tax reform, I must tell you, I don't use that word.

Donald Trump: I use tax law.

David Webb: That's why I brought it up. Exactly.

Donald Trump: No, no, I use tax cuts because a lot of people say to me, "You know, tax reform. Does that mean our taxes are going up?" because they don't know. Now there is a tax reform with it, a very big tax reform. But I talk in terms of tax cuts and reform.

Donald Trump: It's going to be simplification. We're going to have four brackets including a zero bracket. We're going to have -- you're going to be able to do your taxes literally on one page. No longer hiring H&R Block and spending a fortune on -- because nobody understands what they're doing. And it's going to be a really low tax.

Donald Trump: You're going to have a low tax, you're going to get a substantial tax decrease.

David Webb: Let's talk about some of those key deductions that you've talked about as you just did in Harrisburg with a lot of the truckers, and a lot of truckers are listening. The child tax credit structure. That's important to those families. Those middle class families, those drivers of our economy, they've got their children, they're just trying to get through their daily lives.

Donald Trump: Right. Right. Well, you know, that was so important to my daughter Ivanka. I must be honest. She doesn't even want to talk and talking about anything else.

Donald Trump: That's all she wants and she wants that credit and she wants that to take place. And she said, "Daddy, once -- " And you know, it's funny when I speak in speeches everyone stands and goes wild when I mention the wall, which is happening by the way. In fact, you see the prototypes being built right now.

David Webb: They were just put up and put out on the news.

Donald Trump: Absolutely, it's going to happen. And when I mention the Second Amendment and, you know, they want to take away your guns and nobody talks about with the child and the child tax. Ivanka wants that so badly. She fought so hard for it and I started to realize that that was something that's so important and people are loving it.

Donald Trump: So people with children are going to be able to benefit for the first time in a long time. Maybe ever in terms of tax [Inaudible]

David Webb: It's important [Inaudible]. Think about it. Americans every day, many of the people that work for you over the years that build the buildings, what did they do? On Saturdays sit down. They go, "Honey, what do we do? How do we get through this? How do we get little Johnny -- " By the way, congratulations.

David Webb: Brand new grandfather. Got to throw that in there.

Donald Trump: That's right. Thank you.

David Webb: So, let's get a little bit more into the itemized deductions on the individual proposal that you have here impacting 30% of taxpayers, 25% of families. And who that affects the most?

Donald Trump: Well, it's going to affect everybody. It's going to -- actually, we're getting rid of a lot of the big deductions for business and we're simplifying, we're bringing down the rate but the rate is actually for rich people. About the same. The big beneficiaries are the middle class.

Donald Trump: I call it the working people. But the big beneficiaries are the middle class. Now, when business expands -- a lot of times rich people own businesses, but those are the people that create the jobs. So, our businesses are the highest taxed in the world. If they continue to be taxed like this this is why jobs are flowing out of the United States. Now, with all of that being said, we hit 3%, 3.2% last quarter in GDP.

Donald Trump: Our unemployment is at a low for almost 17 years. You know, we're doing really well. We're starting to train people out of that big mass. They call it 100 million people, but let's call it 50 million people because some of those --

David Webb: I'll take 50 million more on the workforce.

Donald Trump: OK. You understand what I'm talking about, because you know I've always said that the number of 4% unemployment is really not a right number because you have many people they give up looking for a job because they can't get a job. So, you have a lot of people out there that want work. And as you also see, David, companies are coming here, factories are coming here.

Donald Trump: Car companies are now rebuilding plants again. This hasn't happened in 20 years. They're leaving. They're going to Mexico.

Donald Trump: They're going to other places. It's all stopping and the tax cut will help us. A lot of the people that lost their jobs, lost because companies are so highly taxed that they leave the United States. They go to another -- they literally go to another country where the taxes are smaller.

David Webb: All right. So, and given the time we have, I want to touch briefly on the corporate tax then get to the virtuous cycle that you've just described. A good New York phrase that came out of Wall Street: corporate tax, the idea of bringing that money back. Long-term investment by companies in this country.

Donald Trump: Right. Well, one thing, we are bringing back probably $3 trillion, $3.5 trillion. So, we have $3.5 trillion coming back that will just -- literally, you couldn't get it back because of the tax system. It didn't really allow the companies even -- it didn't make sense to bring it back. The number was so high and the bureaucracy so great.

Donald Trump: So, all of that money it could be more than $3.5 trillion. You know, for years we've all been saying $2.5 trillion. Well, let me tell you, it's grown a lot. And it's at least $3.5 trillion will come back into our country and be put to work on jobs and other things.

Donald Trump: And the other thing is we're bringing the corporate tax rate from 35% down to 20%, and it's going to have a massive impact.

David Webb: Well, it not only has a massive impact. It creates part of the virtuous cycle. We've talked about over the years, you need that virtuous cycle from the Main Street to Wall Street venture capital investment. We've seen trillions of dollars in the growth in the markets over 20% S&P, the indices are showing the effect that since the election.

Donald Trump: Well, since the election we're up $5.2 trillion in value in the stock market. That's the stock market alone. Don't forget you have many other markets. You have housing market --

David Webb: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You add them all up. It's a lot more than we owe. You know we owe $20 trillion, $10 trillion over the last eight years. So, President Obama doubled our debt. Think of it, over the last eight years doubled.

Donald Trump: I mean, if you think for all of the years in eight years we've doubled our debt, but we've added so much value, so much worth it's been sort of an incredible thing and we're very happy about it. $5.2 trillion just in the stock market.

David Webb: Well, we're getting the high sign with all. We've a minute left to wrap it up, Mr. President. But you know, I want to say one thing on behalf of the American people.

David Webb: We appreciate the frankness with which you speak to us. These are these are difficult subjects. They're complex subjects and I like the fact that you're combining regulatory reform, tax reform, bureaucratic reform, technology reform. How important is that to reforming the federal government to make it right size and scope? Well, I think one of the most important things I've done and I'm pretty much almost 50% there.

David Webb: You know, you have statutory problems in time, but it's all happening and it's happening fast, is regulatory reform where you're land, where you're -- everything was being taken away you couldn't do anything. And whether it's EPA or anything else, we want clean air, we want clean water, crystal clean water, but they we're making it impossible for people to produce jobs. So what we've done is the biggest cut in regulations in the history of our country in nine months. I've done more than any other president and they've been there a lot longer than nine months so -- and we continue to do that. And I want regulation, but it's got to be fair regulation.

David Webb: So, that's had a big impact. And I think that's why we hit 3.2% in GDP, which has not been hit for many many years. You know what's been going on. I mean, it's been very sad what's gone on. So, we hit 3.2% last quarter and this quarter we'll do fantastically, but we will be affected somewhat by the hurricanes.

David Webb: All right. We're getting the wrap. You see, it still works for you. You're used to this indeed.

Donald Trump: I'm used to it, but you've been my friend and I appreciate it. Thank you, David.

David Webb: All right. Great to see you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Take care of yourself.

David Webb: A real pleasure. The virtuous cycle continues right here inside the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. Great to have you here, sir. Congratulations, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.