Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-pete-hegseth-fox-news-april-6-2017

Steve Doocy: This is a Fox News alert. The President of the United States has just wandered over to talk to Pete Hegseth 15 minutes before the event in the East Room of the White House. Pete?

Pete Hegseth: He sure did guys. I am here with the President of the United States, Donald Trump, in his East Room. Mr. President, thank you for joining us on Fox and Friends.

Donald Trump: It's a Great honor.

Pete Hegseth: What does this morning mean to you?

Donald Trump: Well, it's very special, these are very special people. And I wanted to be here. And, as you know we have big meetings today with China, and others, but this was a very special, really a very special point in the day for me. You look back here, you look at the enthusiasm, these are incredible people.

Pete Hegseth: You seem to draw strength from vets and military service members. What is it about when you are around vets that affects you?

Donald Trump: Well, I love them, and we wouldn't be here if it weren't for them, and I said we're going to take care of them. You know, they have not been taken care of properly, and it was a big, a big thing, and David, who, as you know, is the new Secretary, is going to do a fantastic job. And he has a group of people with him, the enthusiasm's incredible, and you see it already. I mean, the results already have been incredible.

Pete Hegseth: And he wants to fire a few more people at the VA if they're not conducting themselves well.

Donald Trump: He wants to get good people, that I can tell you. He wants to get good people. More so than firing, he wants to bring in great people. And it's time, it's time, because the VA has not done so well. But we have the best people in the world. We're going to take care of them.

Pete Hegseth: You mention the Chinese President, what should we anticipate today with that, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, it's going to be interesting. Nobody really knows. We have not been treated fairly on trade for many, many years. No president's taken care of that the way they should have, and we have a big problem with North Korea. We're going to see what happens.

Pete Hegseth: So the hope is to get them to bring leverage on the issue in North Korea?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to see what happens, Pete. But I will to tell you, we'll be in there pitching, and I think we're going to do very well.

Pete Hegseth: You made comments yesterday about Syria, Mr. President. Is that signalling a change in the way you're gonna look at that conflict?

Donald Trump: Well, I thought it was a terrible thing. When you see little babies that are dead from gas, and a very, very heinous form of gas, which very few people have access to, it's bad stuff. That's bad stuff. Really bad.

Pete Hegseth: Absolutely. Well, Mr. President, we know you have an event to attend to here. The room's gone silent because they figured out you're on TV with us. But thank you very much for giving us a moment of your time on Fox.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Well, we love Fox and Friends. Thank you very much.

Pete Hegseth: You got it. Thank you, Mr. President. You got it. Well, there you have it. From President Trump himself, right before the event where he addresses Wounded Warriors right here in the East Room.