Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-hannity-washington-dc-january-26-2017

Sean Hannity: And welcome to Hannity." And we are in our nation's capital

Sean Hannity: Now, it's been a very busy first week for our new commander-in-chief.  Earlier today, we asked President Trump about his agenda, mainstream media bias, repealing and replacing ObamaCare, his upcoming nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, fighting ISIS and if the job of the presidency has changed him.

Sean Hannity: Let's take a look. [Begin Videotape]

Sean Hannity: Mr. President good to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: What a week this has been.

Donald Trump: It's been a great week. We have accomplished a lot.

Sean Hannity: Well, that's what I wanted -- first, I got some time to talk with you earlier in the week...

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: ... in the Oval Office. And the thing that really stood out to me is you seem to be enjoying yourself and very focused on all the promises you made in the campaign. Is it your intention to keep every promise?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to keep as many as I can. You know, politics is tough. Sometimes, you make a promise, and for some reason, you can't because you have opposition on the other side that raises their hand and they make it impossible. But I'm going to keep a lot of them, and I've kept a lot of them already. Everyone's talking about it.

Donald Trump: And we're going to do things that I said we were going to do. And we're going to take care of a lot of people that were mistreated by government for many, many years. And that's really how I won the election in the first place, Sean. You know that better than probably anybody.

Sean Hannity: Let's talk a little bit about the executive orders on Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen and a 120 ban. That goes to the promise of extreme vetting.

Donald Trump: Totally extreme. And beyond just those countries, we're going to have extreme vetting. We're going to have extreme vetting for people coming into our country, and if we think there's a problem, it's not going to be so easy for people to come in anymore.

Donald Trump: You look at what's gone on. I mean, we could just go one after another.  But then you go to other countries and you look at Nice and you like at different places all over Europe and you look at what's happening with Germany, it's a mess. The crime is incredible. And we're just not going to let that happen here.

Sean Hannity: Would it be gambling if [inaudible] at some point, when there is a procedure in place, if you can ascertain whether or not somebody's been radicalized or not, or if radical groups actually trained some of their soldiers to say the right things to get in, but if you can't positively ascertain they're safe and find out what's in their heart, does that mean no go? Does that mean you won't gamble?

Donald Trump: Well, I tell you what. You used the right word, gamble. We don't want to have gambles. Our country has a lot of problems, well beyond this.  And I found out a lot over the last week. I mean, we have serious difficulties. We don't need another difficulty. Right now, the FBI has over 1,000 investigations going on, 1,000...

Sean Hannity: In all 50 states.

Donald Trump: ... in all areas. All over the place. And these are people that we let in. We don't need this, all right? We don't need this. Some people have come in with evil intentions, and you know, most haven't, I guess. But we can't take chances. You know, the word gamble is an appropriate word. It's a big gamble. You're throwing something up.

Donald Trump: Look, I love this country. You love this country. We can't let this continue to happen. We've taken in tens of thousands of people. We know nothing about them. They can say they vet them. They didn't vet them.  They have no papers. How can you vet somebody when you don't know anything about them and you have no papers? How do you vet them? You can't.

Donald Trump: On your show, I've seen that they have FBI agents, they have all these people that you have as experts. They say it's impossible to vet them. I don't have to see that to know that they're right.

Donald Trump: So we have people in this country that will cause problems. We're not going to have any more. And we're going to be very tough and very, very vigilant.

Sean Hannity: You do not need Congress now as it relates to building a wall.  And you said in an interview last night that you plan to do this expeditiously.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: That's about 700 miles of fencing, other measures, as well. Do you think you'll need more than that? Will you have to go to Congress to get their support for...

Donald Trump: I don't think we're going to need too much. Look the wall is necessary. That's not just politics, and yet it is good for the heart of the nation in a certain way because people want protection. And a wall protects. All you have to do is ask Israel. They were having a total disaster coming across, and they had a wall. It's 99.9 percent stoppage.

Donald Trump: A proper wall, not a wall that's this high like they have now. They have little toy walls. I don't know why they even wasted their time. If you ever saw where they build the little ramp over the -- I don't even know why they build a ramp. It's cheaper to knock it over. You build a ramp...

Sean Hannity: You're talking about a real wall, impenetrable.

Donald Trump: I'm talking about a real wall. I'm talking about a wall that's got to be, like, serious. And even that, of course, you'll have people violate it. But we'll have people waiting for them when they do. We have a great man, General Kelly, who just got approved very quickly by the Senate, recommended highly by General Mattis and others.

Donald Trump: And he's going to be taking very good care of us -- Homeland Security.  He's going to be taking very, very good care of us. And you know, when he was named, he didn't even give an order yet, and all of the sudden, the border started tightening up. You saw that. It was on a lot of different shows, they talked about the borders tightening up just by naming General Kelly.

Sean Hannity: Let me talk about a big decision you're going to make next week.  You've announced on Thursday, you will make your Supreme Court choice...

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: ... announcement. Two questions on that. One, will it be from the list that you gave out during the campaign?

Donald Trump: The answer's yes.

Sean Hannity: Will it be an originalist?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say that. You're going to see on Thursday.

Sean Hannity: Have you made your decision?

Donald Trump: I have made my decision pretty much in my mind, yes.

Sean Hannity: Next question...

Donald Trump: Now, that is subject to change at the last moment. But I think this will be a great choice.

Sean Hannity: Chuck Schumer, others threatening -- we've never had a Supreme Court Justice filibustered, but there's a chance that might happen. If that happens...

Donald Trump: Hey, whatever happens, happens.

Sean Hannity: Would you want Mitch McConnell to use the nuclear option...

Donald Trump: Yes, I would.

Sean Hannity: You would?

Donald Trump: I would...

Sean Hannity: Have you talked to him about it?

Donald Trump: ... because look, we have obstructionists. These are people that don't want to -- I almost think they have -- what they did to Jeff Sessions, who's a great man and a wonderful man, and then they delayed it another week because they have a one-week delay option -- that's not fair to a man. Other people are delayed. Look at Pompeo for CIA. This is a great choice. Everybody agrees. And they delayed him a number of days also, even though he was fully approved and voted on by -- you know, I mean, very, very great choice. Why are they doing that?

Sean Hannity: There are people...

Donald Trump: They're obstructionists. I'll tell you what. They're obstructionists. I go to a meeting with them that's supposed to be a very quiet meeting, nobody talking outside of the meeting. They leave the meeting and they have a news conference about what I said. They're talking to the cameras about exactly what I said at the meeting, which is fine because I say things that I don't mind going out because I assume they're going to do that. But the deal was we wouldn't talk to the press. And they go out and they talk to the press.

Sean Hannity: You mean they're leaking in Washington? That's a shock.

Donald Trump: No, no. But I mean, they talk to the press, like, 15 feet away from the door! [Laughter]

Donald Trump: It's not like they called up when they got home.

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: So look, these are obstructionists, and that's fine.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you -- I don't remember you saying this in the campaign, and I was on the road with you quite a bit. We did a lot of the town halls together. But you're now talking about a 10 percent reduction in spending -- in other words, eliminating baseline budgeting -- a 20 percent reduction in the government workforce.

Sean Hannity: How important is a balanced budget to you? And were you surprised Republicans before you got here raised the debt ceiling $9.7 trillion?

Donald Trump: So a balanced budget is fine. But sometimes, you have to fuel the wall in order to really get the economy going. And we have to take care of our military. Our military is more important to me than a balanced budget because we'll get there with a balanced budget.

Donald Trump: But we have a military that's really depleted. And I'm negotiating the price of airplanes, can you believe this? But I understand airplanes.  I've bought a lot of airplanes.

Sean Hannity: I heard you got the price down quite a bit already.

Donald Trump: I cut off hundreds of millions of dollars off one particular plane, hundreds of millions of dollars in a short period of time. It wasn't like I spent, like, weeks, hours, less than hours, and many, many hundreds of millions of dollars. And the plane's going to be better.

Sean Hannity: But you do want that 10 percent short of the military?

Donald Trump: I want a balanced budget eventually. But I want to have a strong military. To me, that's much more important than anything.

Sean Hannity: One of the worst ways, it seems, to spend money is going through the Washington bureaucracy. Every Congressman has their pet project.  There's been talk about infrastructure, anywhere the Democrats want a trillion dollars...

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: I think you've talked about $137 billion to start. Is that something you want to pay as you go? Is that something you'd rather...

Donald Trump: Look, our country's in bad shape. We've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, $6 trillion, Sean!

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: OK? How the hell do we do this? It's crazy. And by the way, just so you understand, the Middle East -- I don't want to be -- like, you know, they said the speech can be dark on occasion. Well, we spent $6 trillion.

Donald Trump: When I was interviewed last night by David Muir, he said, Aren't you going to make them angry? I said, Angry? How can they be more angry than they are right now? Who are we going to make angry? I thought it was a sort of strange question. But aren't you going to make them angry? I said, They're all angry now. The whole world is angry right now. There's such problems in the world and such anger.

Donald Trump: But we spent all of this money in the Middle East and other places. In the meantime, we have to rebuild our country. We have to rebuild our infrastructure. Some Republicans are fine with it. Some Republicans don't like it. Actually, probably, the Democrats like that more than the Republicans because that's always been one of the things.

Donald Trump: But Sean, our roads, our bridges, our highways, our schools -- our country is in bad shape!

Sean Hannity: Yes. By the way, I hear your helicopter out there in the background.

Donald Trump: It's all right.

Sean Hannity: You took great pride in meeting with Carrier, saving jobs, meeting with Ford, savings jobs. You've met with union people...

Donald Trump: General Motors -- [Crossta;k]

Sean Hannity: $7 billion by the way.

Donald Trump: Yes, we have a lot of -- a lot of plants are going to be built in Michigan and Ohio and North Carolina and Pennsylvania. And I've only been here for four days. But they understand. They understand that if they build a plant outside of the United States, fire all their employees, when that product, whether it's a car or an air-conditioner or a washing machine, when that comes through the border, it's going to be heavily taxed. That's the way it is.

Sean Hannity: But you want to get rid of 75 percent of regulation.

Donald Trump: Yes, I do.

Sean Hannity: Or more.

Donald Trump: 75 or more.

Sean Hannity: Paul Ryan said...

Donald Trump: And by the way...

Sean Hannity: ... a 20 percent corporate tax rate. You want a 15 percent...

Donald Trump: By the way, the 75 percent -- and we will have the same amount of protection for the consumer because it's very important to me. But we'll also be able to create jobs because right now, you can't even start a company in this country.

Sean Hannity: Right. The media -- a little bit of a contentious start, if you will, with them. They want to -- I've seen now The New York Times, CNN, NBC -- they've used the word liar" to describe you as it relates if you're talking about crowd size or the border...""ight. The media -- a little bit of a contentious start

Donald Trump: They're very hostile. These are very hostile people. These are very angry people.

Sean Hannity: But they also colluded against you in the campaign.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And my question to you is...

Donald Trump: Well, they're very dishonest people. The media is very dishonest.  I've been saying it. I say it openly.

Sean Hannity: I said journalism's dead, so we agree.

Donald Trump: Never dead, but they're very dishonest people in many cases. Hey, look, you have some very honest ones. But I get stories that are so false and so dishonest...

Sean Hannity: Martin Luther King's bust?

Donald Trump: Yes, they said Martin Luther King's bust was taken out of the Oval Office by me.

Sean Hannity: It's there.

Donald Trump: See that's a very serious charge because they're not saying the bust was taken out. What they're saying is that I'm a racist. That's what they're saying. That's a very serious charge. Then it turned out the bust, it wasn't -- in fact, I got very angry at my people. I said, Who took that bust out? Because I wasn't there. And they said it was never moved. It was in the same exact spot. It was never moved. I said, How could they say it?

Donald Trump: A reporter said that it was taken out. But that's a very, very serious charge because that's a racist charge. Then when it was revealed that they were wrong, nobody even talks about it. It was a headline, massive story, Trump takes -- I would never do that.

Donald Trump: First of all, I had great respect for Dr. Martin Luther King, so I would never do that. But when it was revealed that it was wrong, it wasn't even a story. Nobody even knows it. I'm saying it now and there have been a little -- like, a line. But that's a very -- so I'll give you another example... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Let me give you one other. I went to the CIA, my first stop, because I have great respect for intelligence...

Sean Hannity: I saw [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: ... not the man who headed the CIA. Hey, I don't have any respect for him. But Brennan -- I didn't think he was good. But I have great respect for the CIA, for the people.

Donald Trump: I went there. I have even more respect now because they took me for tours. They showed me. They're amazing. I made a speech. Now, I know if it's good or bad. I'm really good at knowing did I do well or did I do poorly? And hopefully -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I couldn't have done so poorly because I won, right?

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: No, but in your own head, you do, too.

Sean Hannity: I know. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: When you do an interview, you say, You know, I did great or I didn't do so good. I gave a speech that really was a 10, relatively speaking. I had a standing ovation like you wouldn't believe. Everybody.  And it was such a success.

Donald Trump: OK. So now I see CNN and other people say, Well, who was in the audience from Trump? Trump? I went there with a few people. There's nobody. It was all CIA. They said, But I heard the first row and the first two -- you saw that press conference. Sean did a great job.

Donald Trump: But this guy, whoever he was -- I don't even know who he was -- he was saying that we stacked the audience. I can't stack the audience at the CIA. I pay great homage to the wall with the stars. I paid great homage.

Donald Trump: And the audience was standing ovation. They actually -- they were standing from the beginning. They didn't even sit down. It was one standing ovation, the whole thing. So I get back -- and I will say, Fox treated it great. They said it was great.

Donald Trump: When our new person running, Mike Pompeo, who is fantastic -- he said to me the other day, That was so great. Everyone loved it. Everybody loved it.  When I got back, I saw the speech. They didn't like it. It wasn't respectful. It was a smattering of applause. It wasn't a smattering. It was -- there were, like, 300, 350 people in the room. Over 1,000 wanted to come. And if I took a vote right now, I would have won 350 to nothing, believe me. But even that was demeaned as much as they can demean it.

Donald Trump: What I'm saying, Sean, is this. The media -- much of the media, not all of it, is very, very dishonest. Honestly, it's fake news. It's fake. They make things up.

Sean Hannity: So then, here's my question. Between Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, I think you reach 50 million people.

Donald Trump: Yes, pretty close.

Sean Hannity: But if -- we know now through WikiLeaks, some of these networks were colluding...

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: ... with Hillary's campaign to defeat you.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: I've seen major newspapers, two cable networks that used the word liar. And my question to you is, does that make you want to rethink entirely how this administration will deal with the media?

Donald Trump: Well, they are the liars. Let me give you an example. When Sean got up, he talked about the audience and he talked about -- I had the largest audience. I did. I had the largest audience. If you add the television, you add all the sources, the largest audience in the history of inaugurations. I did.

Donald Trump: hey try and demean it so much. And when you look at pictures -- I'd love to show you a picture -- when I was in that speech, I looked out, it was a sea of...

Sean Hannity: Picture of the West Wing.

Donald Trump: ... people, and they want to demean it. I don't even know when that picture was taken, by the way, to be honest with you. But it wasn't taken from where I was. They take a picture from the back, from the Washington Monument, a backward picture.

Donald Trump: They are so demeaning and they are so dishonest. And in many cases now, it's more of -- but when you bring up ...

Sean Hannity: But I don't remember them treating Barack Obama this way.

Donald Trump: They don't.

Sean Hannity: There is a distinct difference.

Donald Trump: Look, that could never have happened. The things that happen to me would -- and he's been very nice to me, I have to say, and he wrote me a beautiful letter. But the Martin Luther King thing is an example. That was a terrible thing. [End Videotape]

Sean Hannity: And coming up, more of my cable exclusive interview with President Donald Trump in the White House. And I will ask him how he plans to repeal and replace ObamaCare.

Sean Hannity: That and more as we continue from our nation's capital. [Begin Video Clip]

Donald Trump: We will have an ambitious legislative agenda, as well. Our legislative work starts with repealing and replacing ObamaCare and saving families from the catastrophic rise in premiums and debilitating loss of choice and just about everything else.

Paul Ryan: The president is eager to get moving on this agenda, and so are we. Already, we have hit the ground running, taking the first steps to keep our promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare.

Donald Trump: ObamaCare is a disaster. The Democrats are up and they're saying -- oh, they're putting up signs like it's wonderful. It's a disaster. I actually talked with Paul and the group about just doing nothing for two years, and the Dems would come begging to do something because '17 is going to be catastrophic price increases. Your deductibles are through the roof. You can't use it.

Sean Spicer: His goal, first and foremost, is to make sure that we give the American people a health care system that's affordable, more accessible, more doctors, more plans.

Donald Trump: We have to take care of the American people immediately. So we can't wait.

Donald Trump: But every time they tell you about ObamaCare -- we're taking them out of a big jam. [Commercial Break]

Sean Hannity: And welcome back to Hannity

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: They don't think they're going to make that. You want at the same time repeal and replace. I know there are nine separate plans out there.  What is crucial for you to have in that plan to help...

Donald Trump: Let me tell you what's crucial for me. What's crucial for me is for the public to understand that ObamaCare is a disaster, OK? Because now the Democrats are saying, Oh, it's wonderful. It's a horror show! You don't have your doctor. You don't have your plan. You have 116 percent increases, like in Arizona. It's a disaster. It's going to be worse this year than it was last year. It actually explodes in '17.

Donald Trump: And I told the Republicans. I said, look, if you really want to do something, just let it explode, and then they'll come begging us to fix it, OK? Begging. But that's not the right thing for the public because we have to get it fixed.

Donald Trump: But ObamaCare doesn't work. It doesn't work. And President Obama told me something that was, I thought, terrific. And I believe he means it. He said, If you came up with a better plan and you could get a better plan approved, he would support it. And I actually believe he means it.

Donald Trump: I do believe we're going to have a much better plan. I think we're going to have a cheaper plan. I think it's going to be a lot less expensive. ObamaCare is the Unaffordable Care Act.""" do believe we're going"

Donald Trump: The governor of Minnesota, who -- hopefully, he's better now because he took a pretty bad tumble. But he said a month ago that -- actually, during the campaign and after the campaign, he said the Unaffordable Care Act" -- or he called it the Affordable Care Act -- is now unaffordable. Bill Clinton called it crazy.""he governor of Minnesota

Sean Hannity: It went up $5,400 when it was supposed to be down $2,500 a year.  Let me move on.

Donald Trump: It is, by the way. It is unaffordable. And it doesn't work.

Sean Hannity: You can't even buy a catastrophic plan.

Donald Trump: Correct. And the deductibles are so high that unless you get hit by a tractor, you're never going to be able to use it.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you. Energy -- and you know this from your years in building. It's the lifeblood of our economy.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: We are dependent on foreign nations...

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: ... many of whom do not like us. We have more shale. We have new technology. We have hydro-fracking natural gas. We're the Middle East of natural gas. How important a goal is it that you want this country to move towards energy independence?

Donald Trump: Very important. It's very important.

Sean Hannity: Can you do it in four years?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think you can do it in a lot less than that. No, it's very important. No, they stop you environmentally. They use the environment to stop a lot of good things, not only energy, buildings and factories, plants. They use it to stop things. It's like a roadblock, but that's not going to happen anymore.

Donald Trump: And the by the way, I'm an environmentalist, OK? I believe strongly in the environment and I'm going to protect the environment. But you don't have to have a man who wants to build a factory or a person or a company wait 10 years going through approvals, at the end of the 10-year, get rejected, OK?

Sean Hannity: You've mentioned the forgotten man a lot both during the campaign ...

Donald Trump: And woman.

Sean Hannity: -- and woman -- and in your inaugural speech. And you mentioned it last night. I gave you statistics, the very first interview I did with you, 95 million Americans out of the labor force, nearly 50 million in poverty, 44 million Americans on food stamps.

Donald Trump: I've never heard you say that, Sean.

Sean Hannity: I say it every night. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I'm kidding.

Sean Hannity: One day, you asked, what are all those numbers you give, you said.  But explain -- by getting rid of regulation, energy independence, jobs that will be created, a 15 percent -- from the highest corporate tax rate to the lowest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world, and repatriating trillions. How does that help and impact those people I talk about all the time?

Donald Trump: Well, hugely. We're going to have jobs. We're going to have good jobs. We don't have good jobs anymore. We're going to have good jobs.  Look at what I've done recently. Ford's moving back and General Motors is going to be spending massive amounts of money. And Fiat Chrysler, the head who is a highly-respected man, Sergio, flew all the way from Italy to have -- to go to the meeting two days ago. They're going to spend a lot of money in the United States. Foxconn.

Sean Hannity: Seven billion dollars.

Donald Trump: Foxconn...

Sean Hannity: Alibaba.

Donald Trump: Alibaba, who's a great guy, by the way. All of these companies, they're all excited. They had no intention.

Donald Trump: You know, here's another thing with the media. Oh, they would have done it anyway. They weren't going to do it. You see Jack Ma. He had no intention of doing it until I got elected. And he went down and he said, I'm only going to do this because of Donald Trump. And nobody put that in the papers, which is OK. What difference does it make, as long as he does it? And he's going to do it.

Donald Trump: These are great people. These are great companies. And they're going to spend a tremendous amount of money. And it's all because they know how good it's going to be, and what it means is jobs.

Sean Hannity: And trade deals. You got rid of TPP. You want all bilateral trade agreements ...

Donald Trump: TPP -- look, here's the problem. Number one, they didn't do anything on currency devaluations, which is a killer for our country because we don't do it and everyone else does it. They just absolutely ...

Sean Hannity: But you want bilateral?

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Sean Hannity: With everybody.

Donald Trump: We're going to make deals with every one of those countries. And you know what? If the deal doesn't work out, we terminate the deal. When you get into the mosh pit, I call it -- where you have all these countries together, you can't get out of the deal.

Donald Trump: And you take the lowest denominator. In other words, you have countries that don't treat us well. They're in there. We want to deal with the ones that treat us well. And if they don't treat us well, we terminate or we give them a 30-day notice of termination. And then they come back and they want to renegotiate during that 30 days, and we get a better deal. We don't make good deals anymore. You almost wonder who does these deals?  How did it happen?

Donald Trump: So just -- look, to sum up, we're going to make great trade deals. We're going to bring back jobs. We're going to have a strong military. We're going to do great. [End Videotape]

Sean Hannity: And coming up, I asked President Trump about the threat of radical Islam and how he plans to defeat it.

Sean Hannity: That and more as we continue from Washington, D.C. Please stay with us. [Begin Video Clip]

Donald Trump: We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the earth!

Donald Trump: We have to get rid of ISIS. Have to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice.  This is evil. This is a level of evil that we haven't seen.

Donald Trump: Yesterday, I had the honor of swearing in General John Kelly as our secretary of Homeland Security. He's going to be amazing. Tomorrow, I will swear in General James Mattis as our new secretary of defense. These men have devoted their lives to defending America, and now I look forward to working with them to keep our country safe from the many threats we face today. That includes protecting Americans from radical Islamic terrorism. [Commercial Break]

Jackie Ibanez: Live from America's news headquarters I'm Jackie Ibanez in New York.

Jackie Ibanez: TransCanada Corporation submitting a new permit application now that President Trump has signed an order to expedite the Keystone XL pipeline project. The nearly 1,200 mile pipeline would run from the Canadian province of Alberta to Nebraska. Former president Barack Obama rejected the Keystone pipeline back in 2015 saying it would hamper efforts to reach a global climate change deal.

Jackie Ibanez: Vice President Mike Pence will speak at tomorrow's annual March for Life in Washington, D.C. The prolife organization says this is the first time a vice president is slated to speak at the event now in its 44th year. The organization is expecting tens of thousands of demonstrators. They will rally on the National Mall before marching to the U.S. Supreme Court.

Jackie Ibanez: I'm Jackie Ibanez. Now back to Hannity." For all of your headlines

Sean Hannity: Welcome back to Hannity." We are back in Washington

Sean Hannity: One of the problems we have is evil in our time.

Donald Trump: True.

Sean Hannity: Winston Churchill dealt with evil in his time. Roosevelt dealt with evil in his time. My father fought in World War II.

Donald Trump: But they had evil with uniforms on.

Sean Hannity: That's true. This is different.

Donald Trump: We have evil that lurks around the corner without the uniforms.  Ours is harder because the people that we're going against, they don't wear uniforms. They're sneaky, dirty rats. And they blow people up in a shopping center. And they blow people up in a church. These are bad people. When you're fighting Germany, they had their uniforms, and Japan, and they had their uniforms and they had their flags on the plane and the whole thing. We are fighting sneaky rats right now that are sick and demented. And we're going to win.

Sean Hannity: Waterboarding black sites came up in your interview last night.  And I was thinking, if I had an opportunity to speak with David Muir, I'd say, OK, two guys go into your house, they kidnap your child, one guy gets away with your child, you tackle the other guy. That guy knows where your child is, would you not water board that guy?

Donald Trump: So waterboarding used to be used because they said it really wasn't torture. It was the one step slightly below torture. That's why waterboarding --

Sean Hannity: That's why it was legal.

Donald Trump: I mean, torture is real torture, OK? Waterboarding is -- I'm sure it's not pleasant, but waterboarding was just short of torture. When -- you know, all of a sudden, they made it torture. So here's the story. I spoke with people the other day who are in this world that were talking about it. I said absolutely, it works, absolutely. Now, General Mattis said that he doesn't intend to use it. I'm with him all the way. Do I believe it works? Yes, I do.

Sean Hannity: Well, we actually know it works. I interviewed -- there were only three people that America water boarded. One of whom was Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. That led us to the courier which led us to bin Laden.  And I know because I talked to the guy that was running the program at the time.

Donald Trump: It works. In my opinion, it works.

Sean Hannity: I want to ask you about --

Donald Trump: Do you have even a doubt that it works?

Sean Hannity: None.

Donald Trump: Neither do I.

Sean Hannity: None. Not one.

Donald Trump: And I watch these people in television, Oh

Sean Hannity: We both lost friends that day.

Donald Trump: Everybody did, thousands of people. We have people all -- and all over the world, we're talking about. We're not just talking -- we're talking all over the world. They go into a club and they machine gun everybody down. And then, they were not allowed to water board? It's so - - it seems so foolish and so naive. But this is what we have to put up with. But here's the story --

Sean Hannity: I would ask David Muir, if they kidnapped your kid and you have one of the kidnappers, what would you do to get the location of your child?

Donald Trump: Or would you want him to talk in 48 hours from now by being nice to him, OK?

Sean Hannity: It's over.

Donald Trump: OK?

Sean Hannity: It's over at that point.

Donald Trump: And by that time, it's too late. So, I'm not into it. I will tell you, though, it works. And I just spoke to people who told me it worked, and that's what they do.

Sean Hannity: I spoke to the guy that ran the program and saw the waterboarding of those three people.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you this. I will go through these very quickly, the countries that you're going to be dealing with now. Israel, one of our closest partners, Prime Minister Netanyahu is coming. One of the big issues is the embassy, Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. How important is it to repair this relationship, and what about that move of that embassy?

Donald Trump: It's repaired.

Sean Hannity: It's repaired already.

Donald Trump: Got repaired as soon as I --

Sean Hannity: Within five minutes?

Donald Trump: Yes. It's repaired. We have a good relationship. Israel has been treated very badly. We have a good relationship with them.

Sean Hannity: And you're holding back the money -- the last-minute money that President Obama gave to the Palestinians.

Donald Trump: We're going to see what happens. Yes, I don't want to talk about it.

Sean Hannity: Where do you stand on the embassy from Tel Aviv to --

Donald Trump: I don't want to about it yet.

Sean Hannity: Not yet? OK, how about -- I know you spoke to General el-Sisi, did you ever see the speech that he gave on radical Islam?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: And do you believe he could --

Donald Trump: We have a very, very good relationship with the general. We're going to have a very good relationship with Egypt. He went into a tough situation. And all I can say is I like him.

Sean Hannity: Do you trust the Saudis? Over the years, I would argue they've been very duplicitous.

Donald Trump: Yes. I don't want to tell you about that. I don't like talking about how I feel about people because I don't want to be put in that position. I hope I get along with everybody. But it's possible I won't.  A lot of money is being spent from certain countries on radicalizing people. I don't like that. I don't like that.

Sean Hannity: Have you talked to Vladimir Putin yet? So much came up about this. Have you had discussions with him?

Donald Trump: Well, no. He called me after I won, but I haven't had a discussion. But I understand we will be having a discussion soon.

Sean Hannity: How about the leaders of China?

Donald Trump: Yes. I have spoken to him and we have been dealing a little bit with China.

Sean Hannity: And I know you spoke to the leaders in India. What about Pakistan?

Donald Trump: Yes, I have.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask this. I think is important. I actually agree with you wholeheartedly about the Iranian deal. Would you --

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's one of the worst deals I've ever seen. And I'm not just talking about --

Sean Hannity: We paid them ransom.

Donald Trump: No, no. I think it's, what -- how about $1.7 billion, and that was a ransom payment, in cash, $1.7 billion in cash. But $150 billion -- but that's not even the important thing. I think it's one of the worst deals I've ever seen. And why Kerry didn't get up out of the chair and leave is hard to believe.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you about the power of the pardon, which is absolute for a president. One night, I know you were watching my show and I had the mother of the sailor who is spending a year in jail because he took six pictures for his own use in a submarine and you were comparing it. Would that be something early on you would consider?

Donald Trump: I'm actually looking at it right now.

Sean Hannity: Kristian Saucier.

Donald Trump: I think it's very unfair in light of what's happened with other people. I think it's very, very --

Sean Hannity: Did you hear the story of Clint Lorance, another guy, got 30 years. He was doing his job, protecting his team in Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: We're looking at a few of them. And by the way, if another event didn't happen, I would look at him. But how can you have somebody else get away with such a tremendous amount and then this person who takes a picture of his desk on an old submarine -- look, if China or Russia wanted information on that submarine, they've had it for many years. That I can tell you.

Sean Hannity: When you saw the Women's March this week and then you hear Madonna say I thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House." Imagine if I said that when Barack Obama was here.""hen you saw the Women's March this week and then you hear Madonna say "I thought an awful lot about blowing ""en you saw the Women's March this wee"

Donald Trump: Honestly, she's disgusting. I think she hurt herself very badly.  I think she hurt that whole --

Sean Hannity: Cause.

Donald Trump: -- cause. I thought her, and a couple of others, but I thought she was in particular -- I thought what she said was disgraceful to our country.

Sean Hannity: Last question, and then we're going to -- you will take us to the Oval Office, which is nice. You were very passionate last night about Chicago and about the violence. In the course of Barack Obama's presidency, 4,000 people died, murdered, and another however-many-thousand more shot. You might go in and help fix it if they can't fix it.

Donald Trump: You had many people shot last night. The news this morning is that many, many people were shot last night in Chicago. Chicago is worse than some of the countries you read about in the Middle East where there's wars going on. And there's no reason --

Sean Hannity: It's a warzone.

Donald Trump: There is no reason for it. [End Videotape]

Sean Hannity: And coming up, President Trump takes me inside the Oval Office as our cable exclusive interview with the 45th commander-in-chief continues.  Please stay with us. [Begin Video Clip]

Donald Trump: We will get our people off of welfare and back to work rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor.

Donald Trump: From this day forward, it's going to be only America first.

Donald Trump: We're bringing manufacturing back to the United States and its happening, it is happening big league.

Maria Bartiromo: Toyota will reportedly invest $600 million into a factory in Indiana. The company is also going 400 jobs. This is on a string of others

Stuary Varney: Foxconn, partnering with Apple, is considering a $7 billion plant in America, 30,000 jobs here.

Unidentified: He has one after another made announcement after announcement that jobs are coming back.

Donald Trump: We are going to put a lot of people back to work. We're going to use common sense and do it the way it's supposed to be done.

Donald Trump: Together, we will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. And yes, together, we will make America great again. [Commercial Break]

Sean Hannity: Welcome back to Hannity." And we are at the White House in Washington

Sean Hannity: It's inauguration night. You gave your speech.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: You go to the balls, you come back, and you're in the White House, in the residence with Melania. And by the way, that's Marine One right there.

Donald Trump: That is right.

Sean Hannity: And so my question is, what'd you say? What are you thinking?

Donald Trump: Well, it was a beautiful evening, it was an incredible day. People liked the speech, which was good.

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's just somewhat of a surreal experience to be honest with you.

Sean Hannity: I'm sure.

Donald Trump: But I don't have too much time to think about it, because there's so many things to do, so many problems to solve. You know, we're --

Sean Hannity: What a beautiful helicopter.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful.

Donald Trump: We're a country that has some difficulty, to put it mildly, it's a very difficult situation. But we'll get them straightened out.

Sean Hannity: I have known you for years, and on a personal level, whenever I have ever talked to you, it's either 11:00 p.m., 12 midnight, 1:00 a.m. or 5:00 or 6:00 a.m. You're a workaholic.

Donald Trump: Well, I like working. I don't think I'm a workaholic. I just like what I'm doing. I don't go too much for the vacations because I'm bored.

Sean Hannity: You get bored on vacations?

Donald Trump: And the good thing about this, I have plenty to do, you know --

Sean Hannity: You're busy now.

Donald Trump: There's plenty to do. It's the ultimate, I would say.

Sean Hannity: Hard on your family? For example, I met your son, your 10-year- old.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: What a wonderful, smart, charming kid. And then they attack him.  That's got to hurt you and Melania.

Donald Trump: Well, Saturday Night Live

Sean Hannity: Horrible.

Donald Trump: -- it's a disgrace.

Sean Hannity: And he's a great kid.

Donald Trump: And he's a great boy.

Sean Hannity: I know him. I know -- yes.

Donald Trump: And it's not an easy thing for him. Believe me.

Sean Hannity: I know you talked a little bit about this, the nuclear codes.  How long was that meeting? How in depth was it?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't go into it. I can tell you, though, that's serious stuff and when you see the kind of destruction that's explained to you, you realize that getting along with people is a very good thing.

Sean Hannity: And that's what you said about Putin, if we can get along, we'll get along.

Donald Trump: Right. I don't know Putin, but if we can get along with Russia, that's a great thing. It's good for Russia, it's good for us. We go out together and knock the hell out of ISIS, because that's the real sickness, you know the whole ISIS thing is the real sickness. But if we get along with Russia and other -- not just we should get along with everybody if we can. Now, in some cases you won't be able to but we've got to try.

Sean Hannity: In many cases it's going to be harder when -- I've always said there's a clash of culture or civilizations, you know, countries that practice Sharia. By the way we're in the Oval Office.

Donald Trump: This is the Oval Office. That's a great statue of --

Sean Hannity: That's Lincoln.

Donald Trump: Abraham Lincoln.

Sean Hannity: By the way --

Donald Trump: There's the bust of Martin Luther King, which was falsely reported, false reported that it was taken out of the office. When I arrived it was immediately taken out. These are lying people. These are bad people. And Martin Luther King is here, will always be here. And the apology was this --

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: Did you -- Alexander Hamilton, Thomas Jefferson.

Sean Hannity: Get a shot of these.

Donald Trump: I did. I moved paintings around the White House. I just thought it would be great. So we have George Washington, Honest Abe Lincoln, we have Andrew Jackson who they say was the most like my campaign because his was a vicious campaign.

Sean Hannity: It was a pretty rough campaign.

Donald Trump: We have a book on Adam's and Jefferson. That was the most vicious campaign in the history of our country until this campaign.

Sean Hannity: When you first walk in this office every day and you think of it --

Donald Trump: Just take a look. And look at my desk, papers. You don't see presidents with papers.

Sean Hannity: I've got one question about the desk, and you have Ivanka and Jared have young kids. Are we going to see one of the kids maybe crawling through there?

Donald Trump: Could be, I think it's a good idea, before they get too old.

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: But that was John. That's a secret door in that desk, and that was a famous picture.

Sean Hannity: Why did you pick that desk?

Donald Trump: Well, it was Ronald Regan. It was a lot of great president actually, FDR, Roosevelt. It was -- we've had a lot of great presidents using this desk, and I thought that would be the appropriate desk. You know when I came here you have a right to use your desk and this and you can pick. They have like seven desks.

Sean Hannity: You were very impressed with your phones too.

Donald Trump: I have great phones. I have phones -- let me tell you. The technology that we have in this country is incredible. Unfortunately perhaps we don't use it.

Sean Hannity: But we need to.

Donald Trump: It is great. And the experts that do this work, we have really brilliant people doing it.

Sean Hannity: I assume you're going to be putting, there's a picture of your father --

Donald Trump: Picture of my father, right.

Sean Hannity: That wasn't there yesterday.

Donald Trump: No it wasn't, I just added that. That's good, you know that?

Sean Hannity: I did notice that.

Donald Trump: Well you picked that up fast.

Sean Hannity: And I really -- why did you choose the rug of Reagan? You could have also designed your own.

Donald Trump: Yes, and others. But I thought that -- first of all, I liked it.  I liked the look, I like the lightness, and I like having it be Reagan. I like Reagan. I disagreed with him on some things, primarily trade --

Sean Hannity: Trade, yeah.

Donald Trump: He was not as strong on trade as I felt he should have been, but that's OK. But he represented us very well.

Sean Hannity: In your lifetime, who was the president that maybe you admire the most?

Donald Trump: Well, I like Reagan. I didn't like him on trade but other than trade, I liked him very much, and he was OK on trade. But not great.

Sean Hannity: I was surprised -- my last question for you. I was surprised last night. I was watching your interview and you were holding up the letter that Barack Obama had -- had left you.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: It seemed like a lengthy letter.

Donald Trump: It was.

Sean Hannity: And you seemed to have a personal rapport with him. And you were right, this was a really, really incredibly vicious campaign.

Donald Trump: What amazed me is that I was vicious to him in statements, he was vicious to me in statements, and here we are getting along, we're riding up Pennsylvania Avenue talking, we don't even mention it. I guess that's the world of politics. But I was tough on him, he was tough on me. And I like him, he likes me. I think he likes me. I mean, you're going to have to ask him, but I think he likes me.

Sean Hannity: He doesn't talk to me.

Donald Trump: Not too much. [Laughter]

Sean Hannity: I can't figure out why.

Donald Trump: But look, he wrote me a very nice letter, beautiful letter.

Sean Hannity: Helpful to you?

Donald Trump: It's something to think about. I agree with what -- letter he wrote.

Sean Hannity: Very, very last question.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sean Hannity: Has this whole experience changed you in ways -- in any way that you can think of?

Donald Trump: I don't think I've had the time to be changed because I'm cutting the prices of airplanes, I'm cutting the prices of army tanks --

Sean Hannity: You're working.

Donald Trump: I'm cutting the prices of submarines, you know, we're lacking submarines and we're going to build new submarines but the price is too high, so I'm cutting the prices way down. Doing a lot of work in addition to getting Ford, General Motors, and some others to start building cars here, right?

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, good to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Thank you for your time, you've been very generous.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [End Videotape]

Sean Hannity: And coming we have more Hannity" right after this break as we continue outside of the White House in Washington