Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-friends-april-18-2017

Ainsley Earhardt: We interviewed the President and his wife after we went off air, because he came out to speak after we were on air. So I got a chance to to chat with him. So let's listen to some of that exclusive interview.

Steve Doocy: Excellent.

Ainsley Earhardt: The Vice President is in Asia, doing at the fourth stop tour, and he said basically the U.S. is running out of patience, clearly a message to North Korea. You have a Vavy fleet that is being sent into the Sea of Japan right now. Have you ruled out a military strike?

Donald Trump: I don't want to telegraph what I'm doing, or what I'm thinking. I'm not like other administrations, where they say we're going to do this in four weeks and that... it doesn't work that way. We'll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there's going to be peace, but you know. They've been talking with this gentleman for a long time. You read Clinton's book. She said, oh we made such a great peace deal, and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody... he's been outplayed. They've all been outplayed by this gentleman, and we'll see what happens. But I just don't telegraph my moves.

Ainsley Earhardt: Did we sabotage the North Korea strike?

Donald Trump: I don't want to comment on it.

Ainsley Earhardt: Okay, what happens if North Korea launches another missile?

Donald Trump: We'll find out.

Ainsley Earhardt: All right. About China, some of the media are saying you've softened your stance on China. Has China.... have they helped with a relationship with North Korea?

Donald Trump: Ainsley, I didn't soften my stance. Look, China came to the United States. The President who was... I really developed a very good relationship with... I think he's a terrific person. I really got to know very well over a two day period. We were together hours and hours and hours by ourselves. We had a 15-minute scheduled meeting, and it lasted for three hours, and the same thing happened the next day. We have a good chemistry together. He understands it's a big problem. He's working on it. Now, what am I going to do, start a trade war with China in the middle of him working on a bigger problem -- frankly -- with North Korea? So I'm dealing with China with great respect. I have great respect for him. We'll see what he can do. Now maybe he won't be able to help. That's possible. I think he's trying, but maybe he won't be able to help. And that's a whole different story. So we'll see what happens.

Ainsley Earhardt: Can't hurt.

Donald Trump: No, but you know somebody said currency manipulation, what am I going to do? In the middle of him talking with North Korea, I'm going to hit them with currency manipulation? This is the fake media that just does a number. Think of it: he's working so nicely, many coal ships have been sent back. Fuel is being sent back. They're not dealing the same way. Nobody has ever seen it like that. Nobody has ever seen such a positive response on our behalf from China. And then the fake media goes, Donald Trump has changed his stance on China. I haven't changed my stance. China is trying to help us. I don't know if they're going to be able to or not. but what, I want to start heavy, heavy trade or currency manipulation statements against somebody that's out there right now trying to stop what could be a very bad situation? You understand that.

Ainsley Earhardt: I understand that.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever mentions it that way though. But that's okay, I mean I think we're doing really well. China's has been helping, and other people have been helping, but I don't know that that's going to work. It may have to be a different solution.

Ainsley Earhardt: All right, so Secretary Kelly at DHS, he has a message to illegal immigrants. He says a single DUI can get you kicked out of the country. Do you agree with that stance?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm letting him run it. He's great he's a great general. He was a tremendously successful general, and I'm letting him run it. But i will tell you, we've gotten tremendous criminals out of this country, and I'm talking about illegal immigrants that were here that caused tremendous crime, that have murdered people, raped people. Horrible things have happened. They're getting the hell out, or they are to go into prison. And so many towns and cities are thanking me, because we have gotten rid of a burden that you would not believe. I mean, it is a serious problem and we never did anything about it, and now we're doing something about it.

Brian Kilmeade: so he sounds pretty [Note: Video Cuts]

Ainsley Earhardt: [In progress] ...first White House Easter Egg Roll take a look.

Ainsley Earhardt: Congratulations Mr. President, Mrs. First Lady for this wonderful event.

Melania Trump: Thank you.

Ainsley Earhardt: You're the hostess of this.

Melania Trump: Yes, fantastic. Today. It's an amazing job. You have 25,000 people through the day, and I think it would be fantastic, fun day.

Ainsley Earhardt: Wonderful. What is the best part about planning an event like this, your first event?

Melania Trump: It's a first event. It's a first, a wonderful tradition that's... we put it together, and really very special. From choosing the colors of the eggs, to choosing what kind of activity you want.  So.. and really thank military as well, so they really help us too.

Ainsley Earhardt: You get to be here with your whole family. How was easter?

Donald Trump: It was great, and I have to say Melania works so hard on this event that it's... it's been so nice. nNw I hope we don't have rain like it is right now, but but she worked so hard and did a really beautiful job.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, if you're just waking up we did talk... [Interview replays in loop. Break]