Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-rick-lord-wchs-abc8-huntington-november-2-2018

Rick Lord: Mr. President, this is your eighth visit to West Virginia.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Rick Lord: It is great. For a state like this, that has never seen that type of attention from a sitting president in generations, and some might say it's a bit of an odd relationship, Appalachian region, the big city real estate tycoon. What is it about the people of West Virginia that really resonates with you?

Donald Trump: It's a strange thing. I just love the people. They're great people. They have tremendous heart. They've been treated very unfairly. I've always felt they've been treated unfairly. And I brought back the coal industry. I brought back a lot. Look, West Virginia is now booming. West Virginia is doing great.

Donald Trump: We saw 65 percent up in coal export this year, it was just announced. And you're just very special, and they came for Patrick Morrisey because I think he's going to be a great Senator, we need his vote. And Carol Miller likewise, and, I don't kno,w I've just developed great friendships to this state, and I won by 42 points.

Donald Trump: And they did me a big favor. And I always do them favors back. It's just been a very good relationship.

Rick Lord: You talked about coal. 2,500 coal jobs added the last two years, after years of decline. Moving forward, though, for West Virginia to prosper in years to come, it has to be about more than just coal. Is there any policy that you can create -- is there any legislation you can push, that would make the quality of life for West Virginians better moving forward beyond coal in the years to come?

Donald Trump: Well it is, and it's happening and I will tell you, coal is just starting. Coal is just beginning. If you look at Asia, they love West Virginia coal, it's a really high quality coal. Vietnam, the president and prime minister of Vietnam, said it's the best coal they've ever used, and coal -- so coal itself is going to be very very big.

Donald Trump: Much bigger than it has been, but it has really taken off. And just economic development generally, it's a great location. It's a great state. It's got hardworking people, and it's doing really well, and you have a really terrific governor. Big Jim Justice. He's a big man. But Jim Justice has done a fantastic job as governor.

Donald Trump: I think you're just seeing the beginning of the resurgence, and if you look at the various states, West Virginia is making about the biggest comeback in the whole nation. So, maybe that's because I do like it, and I do come here. But whatever it is, we'll take it.

Rick Lord: Your supporters certainly love you. Go to any rallies here, and you'll see that, and they'll say because you have not let them down on any big issue yet. What you promised, you've delivered for them. That being said, to be fair, there are people out there who just don't like you and they believe that your rhetoric is divisive.

Rick Lord: They believe that some of the things you do, maybe, are beneath the dignity of the presidency. Is there something that you can do, is there an opportunity there in the next two years of your term, to maybe extend an olive branch to them so that the focus of conversations, from the water cooler to the White House can be on what you're doing, rather than what you're saying, or how you're saying it?

Donald Trump: Well, I agree with you 100 percent. I mean, part of the problem is we get treated very unfairly by the press by the media. And, you know, just not correctly, not fairly. So you have to go -- you have to be a little bit tougher. You have to go around certain ways. You have to use social media the way you have to use it in order to get the word out.

Donald Trump: You have to do rallies, like we did today. This was so successful, I mean, they're all successful. And if we didn't do this, and if we didn't talk the way we're talking, we'd never get the word out. And the bottom line is, I guess, that's why I became president, and now I can do things that normally you wouldn't be able to do. But, I agree with you 100 percent, and I think over a period of time, if the press could ever report it the way it is, instead of the way they want it, you would see a very big difference.

Donald Trump: And I think it'll end up happening.

Rick Lord: Last question. We received some really good economic news today.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Rick Lord: And that comes on the heels of good news from manufacturing earlier this week, and of the report of the third quarter GDP up again 3.5 percent. It's been a wave of good news economically. What can you do to keep that momentum going?

Donald Trump: Well, we just want to keep it going. I mean, today we had a tremendous number, despite hurricanes which absolutely obliterate jobs numbers. In October it was just announced this morning, 250,000 new jobs in the country. That is a shocking number. Also 3.7 percent unemployment. Very very low, I think, 50-year type low, and wages going up. The people of West Virginia like that.

Donald Trump: Not only wages going up. People have a choice of jobs. You know, you don't look, sort of have to hold on to one job. If you don't like your job, you can go out and you can get another job. So it's really doing well. We're having the best economy, probably, in the history of our country. So I'm very proud to be a part of it, and that's why I hope the folks in West Virginia, they go out they vote for Patrick.

Donald Trump: Patrick Morrisey and Carol Miller, because we're going to keep it going. We need their votes, we're going to keep it going.

Rick Lord: Mr. President thank for time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.