Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-bernie-sid-show-wabc-april-6-2018

Bernie McGuirk: All right Sidney. Back at the Bernie and Sid show on our highly anticipated, and I might add, wildly successful debut week. We continue with our roster of A-list guests, and we saved the best for last. The best by far.

Sid Rosenberg: Yeah, it doesn't get bigger than this.

Bernie McGuirk: New York: we welcome the world's most famous New Yorker in its history.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes

Bernie McGuirk: This man is singlehandedly restoring the country to greatness. The kid from Queens, President Donald J Trump. President Trump, welcome to the brand new Bernie and Sid in the Morning Show on WABC. Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: Well, congratulations.

Bernie McGuirk: Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. I haven't done one of these phoners in a while. I used to do them -- hey Bernie, I used to do them all the time. You know that.

Bernie McGuirk: That's right. Fully.

Donald Trump: But, uh, this is an honor. Great show. Bernard has been a friend of mine for so long, and Sid, you too, but I've known Bernard for, we don't want to say how long, right Bernard?

Bernie McGuirk: No, too long. It's been a while. It's all been good though.It's a great relationship.

Donald Trump: It's been good. It's been good, and you've been so great, and so nice, and I appreciate it. And so when you asked me to do the show, I said I'm thinking, I'm going to take a couple of minutes. I'm going to do that show, in between North Korea and Iran and all of the other things going on.

Bernie McGuirk: I mean, and I got to tell you, that's the kind of guy you are, sir. That's why we love you, I swear to God.

Donald Trump: Well, thanks.

Sid Rosenberg: You're multitasking. You know, I'll be honest Mr. President, now this is Sid now talking of course.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Sid Rosenberg: You and Bernie are very, very close. Bernie has been a major supporter of yours from day one. I have wavered, to be honest with you. But I'm going to say this. I think this is what's going to bode well for you in 2020. I'm one of those guys didn't buy in right away. I'll be honest. I love you, don't get me wrong.

Sid Rosenberg: But I thought some of the things that you talked about, you couldn't do. And the truth is, is that even with your presidency, you've completed you've completely converted me. You could ask Bernie. I've done a complete turn here.

Bernie McGuirk: Total. And the things that you promised to in your campaign, Mr. President, to your credit, you have done and we both think you're doing a terrific job.

Donald Trump: Ah, that's great that makes me feel good. You know, if you look at, from judges to regulations, to the biggest tax cut in history, and we got no Democrat help or support on the tax cut, and now it's become really popular. And now we have to take over.

Donald Trump: We have to do something with respect to China. You know the $500 billion a year deficit, the other presidents decided they couldn't handle it, or didn't want to handle it. We have no choice. And we're going to do a great job of it. It's got to be fair, and it's going to be great for this country. But we had no choice. We have to do.

Bernie McGuirk: We have to fight for it.

Donald Trump: But so many things -- somebody actually said the other day Trump actually fulfilled more promises than he made. I said that's pretty... that's an interesting way of looking at it.

Bernie McGuirk: Without a doubt. But we've done good and the economy. And the economy is really, is really strong.

Bernie McGuirk: Right. The economy, foreign policy, what you doing at the border. Listen, President Trump, despite the unprecedented barrage of hate, the orchestrated venom...

Donald Trump: Yeah

Bernie McGuirk: ...the lies from the dishonest rats in the media. Not only are your poll numbers going up, but we actually have a pro-Trump TV show. They're popping up.

Sid Rosenberg: Roseanne.

Bernie McGuirk: Things are turning around.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right. Your friend Roseanne.

Bernie McGuirk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's exactly right. But, you know, the poll -- a poll just came out, Rasmussen. It's now 51.

Bernie McGuirk: Yes.

Donald Trump: And they say that it's 51, but add another seven or eight points to it.

Bernie McGuirk: That's right. That's almost embarrassing for me to tell you, because they don't want to talk about it. But when they get into the booth, they want to vote for Trump.

Sid Rosenberg: Just like the election.

Donald Trump: If you... people know what's going on. Very important. The border is very important now. that's a big, big subject and you know we're stopping them. We called out the military. We're calling out the military and it's a very, very powerful subject for this country. It's important.

Sid Rosenberg: Justifiably. The last thing I would ask you though, is you mentioned China, President Trump, and the markets had a couple of rough days. But obviously, since you've taken over, it's been incredibly great. Record numbers.

Sid Rosenberg: No one's ever done what you've done with the stock market, even through some of these days. But there is this fear of course about a trade war, and all that. But we contend, me and Bernie, on your behalf here, that if it does get to that, but hey, it's about time. I mean, how many... how many decades do we have to go with they've got a huge surplus, and we've got a horrible deficit. So if it comes to that, so be it, right?

Donald Trump: Well fellas, we've already lost the trade war. We don't have a trade war. We've lost a trade war, because for many years, whether it's Clinton or the Bushes or Obama, all of our Presidents before have, for some reason, it just got worse and worse, and now it's $500 billion in deficits, and a theft of $300 billion in intellectual property.

Donald Trump: So, you can't have this. Now, we could... the easiest thing for me to do is just to close my eyes and forget it. If I did that, I'm not doing my job. So, I'm not saying there won't be a little pain, but the market's gone up 40%, 42% percent, so we might lose a little bit of it. But we're going to have a much stronger country when we're finished.

Donald Trump: And that's what I'm all about. We have to do things that other people wouldn't do. So we may take a hit, and you know what, ultimately we're going to be much stronger for it.

Donald Trump: But it's something we had to do. And ultimately, if you take a look, it's not only trade with China, it's everybody. So we're renegotiating NAFTA. The European Union really blocks us.

Donald Trump: They have barriers. We can't sell our products, I mean, to a large extent, into the European Union, and yet they have their cars pouring into us. You know, the Mercedes, and the BMW, they are pouring in. With China, it's interesting. So, if they sell a car it's two and a half percent tax.

Sid Rosenberg: Right.

Donald Trump: If we sell a car to them, it's 25 percent.

Bernie McGuirk: [Laughter]

Sid Rosenberg: Right.

Donald Trump: Now somehow that doesn't work.

Sid Rosenberg: No it doesn't.

Donald Trump: So, you know, so we have to straighten it out, and we will straighten it out. I have a lot of respect for President Xi. We have a very good relationship, and I hope we work it out.

Bernie McGuirk: The New Yorkers, Mr. Trump -- President Trump I should say -- who voted for you. They love you more now than they did on Election Day, if that's possible. Putting America first. You've come through, and at these rallies, you're like the calm the center of the storm. You show up at these rallies, and you're beautiful, wonderful, fantastic, funny, relaxed.

Bernie McGuirk: And last year, at the White House Correspondents Dinner, you held a rally instead of going there. So, my question to you, is will you do the same thing this year on the night of the White House Correspondents Dinner?

Donald Trump: Well, you know I did the Gridiron dinner a few weeks ago, and that was really terrific. We had a lot of fun, and it was good. But I sort of feel that the press is so bad, it's so fake.

Bernie McGuirk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's so made up. I mean, sources say -- and they have no sources -- they're like novelists. I call them novelists. They make up the sources. Now, in some cases, there are sources, but then they won't do it correctly either. But, in many cases, they literally make up sources. You know, nine sources within the White House have said... there are no nine sources.

Donald Trump: So, I just think that I want to get it straightened out with the press before I do it. So it's probably pretty unlikely, I won't do it. I didn't do it last year. I had a rally instead.

Bernie McGuirk: Yeah. It was great. It was much funnier.

Donald Trump: Yeah, right. And the dinner was a massive failure.

Bernie McGuirk: Yeah. Definitely

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's one of those things. So I probably won't do it.

Sid Rosenberg: Okay, some I'm going to turn you... Ok, last one for me, President Trump, from Sid. I'm going to turn you from President Trump -- again, we both think you're doing a fantastic job -- back to Donald Trump the New Yorker. Are you ready?

Donald Trump: Go ahead. It's opening day in New York. The weather is lousy, it's still going. But you've got tickets box seats to both the Mets and the Yankees. Where does Donald Trump end up? In the Bronx our in Queens?

Donald Trump: Well, you're going to get me a lot of trouble, but I think both teams, because, you know, I know... I know even the players, OK, in a lot of cases because, you know, I'm a baseball fan, and I'm... I like both teams. Randy is so great. The Wilpons... they're really good people. So don't put me in that position.

Sid Rosenberg: [Laughter] We withdraw the question.

Donald Trump: I will say this. Both of them are exciting.

Sid Rosenberg: Yes.

Donald Trump: They have some... they have some pretty good... and the Yankees what they did with Stanton, that's going to be... I think it's going to be a great... you know, that's one that almost, you know, famous last words, that's a player that almost can't fail. But I guess, you know, people have said that about players before...

Sid Rosenberg: True.

Donald Trump: ...only to have a bust. But I think he's going to be great. And, you get, you really do. You're going to have two exciting teams, and I want to do. I hate to be political. See, in the old days, I wouldn't have answered that way. But look, I really like the Wilpons a lot. And Randy Levine and the Steinbrenners. These are phenomenal people, and, so I'll take a pass but I really enjoyed both teams a lot.

Bernie McGuirk: President Trump, we're going to let you go back to running the country, but thank you so much for appearing...

Sid Rosenberg: That was awesome.

Bernie McGuirk: on the, congratulating us on new show, the Bernie and Sid...

Donald Trump: Well, congratulations really. And I really liked what he said Bernard, he wasn't so much of a fan, and now he's a fan. That makes me feel good, right?

Bernie McGuirk: No, I, I have to tell you, it took me a while, but I turned him around.

Donald Trump: It must have taken you a while. Hey, listen, congratulations. That's big stuff fellas.

Bernie McGuirk: Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: A show like that is big, and do well, and God bless you both. Thank you very much.

Bernie McGuirk: We are President Trump. Thank you. God bless yourself. How about that? The President on the Bernie and Sid Show. Aw man, I love that man. We're coming right back on the Bernie and Sid Show right after this.