Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-tom-abrahams-ktrk-houston-october-22-2018

Donald Trump: You see the crowd outside? Pretty good?

Tom Abrahams: Yeah, did you see there were people last night at 11?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I did. I -- there were like 30,000 people who can't get in.

Tom Abrahams: So. So, let's talk about the midterms to begin with. No matter what happens on Election Day, is that -- do you think it's a referendum one way or the other on your presidency so far?

Donald Trump: I think a little bit, but you know, we're getting very good poll numbers on my presidency, so that just came out today, very good poll numbers. But it's really the people that are running, especially when you look at Congress and you see, you know, all of those different races. Many of the people we don't know, many of the Democrats we don't know.

Donald Trump: But I'm seeing we're doing very well, and our numbers have really shot up a lot over the last two or three weeks, and I think the Republicans are going to do very, very well.

Tom Abrahams: As for why you're here.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tom Abrahams: It's well documented your contentious relationship in 2016 with Senator Cruz. Why stand beside him and endorse him?

Donald Trump: Because he's really worked with me for tax cuts, for regulation cuts, for all of the many things we've got in the military. We have given our military, our soldiers, our great people giving them $700 billion. We're rebuilding our military, and 716 billion for the following year, and Ted was right there with me. He was there with me for the vets.

Donald Trump: And you know, with Ted and I, we get along great. Then we had to go to war for a little while, and after the war was over, we got along great. It was just one of us things, but he's a great guy and he loves Texas.

Tom Abrahams: Immigration. A big issue that you ran on. Now, we're facing a wave of migrants coming up through Mexico. Your thoughts on how best to handle that, either financially or physically at the border?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to get very -- very tough on the border. Look, we thought that Honduras and El Salvador, all these countries, you know we pay them a fortune every year. We give them a lot of money. They don't do anything. And it's a shame that they allowed all of these people to flow out. Now, we'll find out whether or not Mexico's going to help.

Donald Trump: They have been helping, but now you see, they're coming up through Mexico, and it's a lot of people. It's 7,000 people now, and that seems to be getting bigger, because Mexicans are now getting into the group. You've been following it. We have a very strong border. We're going to have a very strong border.

Donald Trump: We're building the wall, we're built -- we should be able to build it faster, but we the Democrats are doing everything they can to obstruct and not give us the money to do the wall, even though we've started a very big chunk of it. We have the funding for the first part of it. But I will say this: we could change the immigration laws in this country, which are the worst anywhere in the world, probably in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: They are the worst laws, the worst everything, and we could solve problems like this. But the Democrats won't approve it. I do think this is a lot of pressure on them now to get something approved. Let's see what happens.

Tom Abrahams: So what do you do if that big wave of people gets to the Mexico-U.S. border?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to have to see. But we're going to have a lot of people there. We're going to have military. We're going to bring out our military, not just the reserves. We're going to bring out the military, and we're going to see what happens.

Tom Abrahams: What does that do for commerce? I mean, big trade partner.

Donald Trump: It is, and we just made a great new trade deal with Mexico and with Canada, the USMCA. Great trade deal. NAFTA was a disaster. This is a great deal. But, you know what? I view the borders, and I view the security of our country more important than even trade.

Tom Abrahams: Health care.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tom Abrahams: It seems that everybody in Texas that you talked to, as far as voters are concerned, are concerned about health care. What do you have coming down the pike that may or may not address those concerns?

Donald Trump: Well, we got rid of the individual mandate. Pre-existing conditions were incredibly for it. You know, the individual mandate, which was Obamacare, a big part of it, the most unpopular part, where you pay for the privilege of not having to pay to have bad health care. We terminated that. We were able to get that done in Congress.

Donald Trump: And the pre-existing conditions, and all the other things, we're with 100 percent. And we have a lot of plans passed, and we're taking the remnants of Obamacare, and working very hard, so the premiums don't go up like they were under him -- you know that used to go up 215 percent, 230 percent. Now the raises of the premiums are very small by comparison.

Donald Trump: We've managed it well. But we're working very strongly on health care. We have a lot of plans, association plan just came out, and we have a lot of great plans where it's a lot less money, and they're very good.

Tom Abrahams: Last question. Record turnout on the first day of early voting here in Harris County. Why do you think so many people are interested in going to the polls in what may be historic numbers?

Donald Trump: Well, I think frankly we've added a lot of spice to it. When I say we, maybe it's I, and others perhaps. But I think, you know, they see that I'm coming here. We're having record numbers of people all over the state, from what they're telling me, and that's a good thing and I think, if that happens, I think it should be to Ted's advantage.

Tom Abrahams: Voting for you or -- or against you?

Donald Trump: Well, maybe some against, but mostly for. I mean, I won the state of Texas by a lot. I love the people of Texas. It's the same, you know, thought process. I believe in strong borders. I believe in law enforcement. You know, I mean I believe the things that the people of Texas believe. O'Rourke is a super liberal.

Donald Trump: You're talking about crime, and so many other things. It's almost like he doesn't care about it. So I think Ted Cruz is going to do really well.

Tom Abrahams: Great.