Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-brian-kilmeade-fox-friends-may-24-2018

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, hearing those stories to start this forum, did that back up your claim -- further back up your claim that the MS-13 should be referred to as animals?

Donald Trump: Well look, everybody knows what's going on. These are vicious killers and they shouldn't be allowed into the country. The laws are horrible. We're bringing them out by the thousands, as you know, we're setting records -- this is a record that I'm not even -- I don't even like talking about it because it's so ridiculous. They shouldn't be in the country but we are doing from the standpoint of law enforcement a great job. The Democrats are sticking up for MS-13.

Donald Trump: You heard Nancy Pelosi the other day, like trying to find all sorts of reasons why they should be able to stay. These are stone cold killers, vicious killers. And when you hear families like that --and see families these incredible families, where they lost their daughters in this case. Yet some other people in the room they lost sons. This should never happen, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: When you have a few elements with immigration you have the problem at the border. How disappointed are you overall they only got the one point six billion to stop the border, being that it leads to many people gangsters coming in and drugs flowing through?

Donald Trump: Well I'm disappointed but we do have one point six billion. As you know we started the wall. We're also fixing many miles of wall making it very, you know, brand new. We're essentially making a brand new. Big impact. We're getting the rest as we go along. But we've done a lot of work on the wall. We're doing a lot of work on security, generally speaking, security and border, border security.

Donald Trump: The border is down over 40 percent. And don't forget, we have a great economy. Probably the best economy the country has ever had. So people come across but we're going to get the rest. I think there's a lot of pressure on the Democrats to get it approved frankly, and also to change the immigration laws to toughen them up a lot.

Brian Kilmeade: There's some legislation moving through so-called moderates in the house to get DACA back out there, get immigration going, it's not coming from leadership. Have you, Mr. President, been watching this state shape? What's your stand?

Donald Trump: I have seen actually four different bills. Unless it includes the wall, and I mean a wall, a real wall, and unless it includes a very strong border security, there'll be no approvals for me, because I have to either approve it or not.

Donald Trump: There are bills going through. I'm watching one or two of them. We'll see what happens but I can tell you there is a mood right now, very strong border security. When you see a scene like this where these incredible parents have lost their sons and daughters. It's very hard not to do that.

Brian Kilmeade: Would you do something short-term without lottery involved and without chain migration and go back later?

Donald Trump: Well, lotteries' ridiculous as you know. I mean, they take people from a lottery, where you can imagine these countries are not putting their finest in that lottery, so I don't like lottery. Chain migration is a disaster.

Donald Trump: You look at what's going on, where somebody comes in who's bad, and yet they'll have 24 members of a family from -- not one of them do you want in this country. So chain migration is terrible, lotteries, terrible. We certainly would like to have it in. We have to get rid of catch-and-release. You catch them...

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Even if you know they're a criminal. You catch them, you have to release them, by law, you have to release them. And then they go into society and they don't come back to the trial. It's crazy. Brian, we have the worst immigration laws in the entire world by far. Other countries laugh at us and it's because of the Democrats, it's because of Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi.

Brian Kilmeade: If a deal doesn't include those two things but has the wall and DACA, is Donald Trump to that deal?

Donald Trump: I think it's time to get the whole package. It's got such a big deal, Brian. It's time to get the whole package.

Brian Kilmeade: You're a victim of your success in one way, you have so many cases, you have a 700,000 case backload, you have judges, who think they have to wait two years to see all their cases, you need more judges. How close is that? Your sister's a judge, she knows how tough that is.

Donald Trump: Maybe I'll have to put her at the board.

Brian Kilmeade: And find out.

Donald Trump: But you know think of it. We're the only country essentially that has judges, they want to hire thousands of judges.

Brian Kilmeade: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Other country have -- other countries have -- it's called security people, people that stand there and see, you can't come in. We have thousands of judges and they need thousands of more judges. The whole system is corrupt, it's horrible.

Donald Trump: So yeah, you need thousands of judges based on this crazy system. Who ever heard of a system where you put people through trials? Where do these judges come from? You know a judge is a very special...

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Person. How do you hire thousands of people to be a judge? So it's ridiculous. We're going to change the system we have no choice for the good of our country.

Brian Kilmeade: Some breaking news while you were in there. The NFL has made a decision, so that means a lot to you, a lot of other Americans. The NFL has vo- the NFL owners have voted unanimously to approve a new national anthem rule that says, If you're not going to stay and stay in the locker room, if you go to the field, you have to stand. If you have a protest your team's going to get fined. This is the first time you're hearing this. What's your reaction Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well I think that's good. I don't think people should be staying in locker rooms. But still I think it's good. You have to stand proudly for the national anthem or you shouldn't be playing, you shouldn't be there. Maybe you shouldn't be in the country. You have to stand proudly for the national anthem and the NFL owners did the right thing and that's what they've done.

Brian Kilmeade: If that is the story, do you feel like you push this story forward and you push this to a conclusion?

Donald Trump: I think the people pushed it forward. This was not me. I brought it out. I think the people pushed it forward. This country is very smart, we're very smart people and you know, that's something ideally could've been taken care of when it first started, it would have been a lot easier, but if they did that they're doing the right thing.

Donald Trump: I think, a thing that I've done for the country, the firing of James Comey, is going to go down as a very good thing.

Brian Kilmeade: As you know this morning we read some of your tweets even on air and James Comey's responded. He said, about a spy being in your campaign, he says this, Facts matter. The FBI says use of confidential human sources that may be referred to as possible spies. That's the actual term. Is highly regulated and essential to protecting the country. Attacks on the FBI and lying and its work will do lasting damage to our country. How will Republicans explain this to their grandchildren? What is your reaction to James Comey.

Donald Trump: Well I'd actually say, how is he going to explain to his grandchildren all of the lies, the deceit, all of the problems he has caused for this country. I think a thing that I've done for the country, the firing of James Comey, is going to go down as a very good thing.

Donald Trump: FBI is great. I know so many people in the FBI. The FBI is a fantastic institution but some of the people at the top were rotten apples, James Comey was one of them. I've done a great service for this country by getting rid of him, by firing him.

Brian Kilmeade: So you have no problem explaining this to your grandchildren?

Donald Trump: No. No. We're doing a great job. Our country's coming back, our country is respected again. What we're doing over there is just another sign of it, that's just one of many things but we have a country that's come a long way in a short period of time. I think you know better than anybody, Brian. And you see it, you report on it everyday.

Donald Trump: You look at the economy, you look at jobs. Lowest unemployment rate in many, many -- in decades, lowest black unemployment in history, lowest Hispanic unemployment in history, lowest women unemployment, 19 years. Our country is doing well, and we are respected again, and we're doing incredible trade deals, which haven't been negotiated for 25 years.

Brian Kilmeade: June 12th are you going to be in Singapore.

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. I mean right now we're looking at it, we're talking about it, and they're talking to us. We have certain conditions, we'll see what happens. But there's a good chance and it would be a great thing for North Korea. If that happens there'll be a great thing for North Korea.Most importantly, it would be a great thing for the world, so we'll see what happens.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. And you okay with a phase-in of a denuclearization if confidence measures are required?

Donald Trump: We're gonna see. I'd like to have it done immediately. But you know physically a phase-in may be a little bit necessary would have to be rapid phase-in. But I'd like to see it done at one time.