Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-piers-morgan-itv-july-16-2018

Note: [Piers Morgan interviewed Donald Trump aboard Air Force One at London Stansted Airport on July 13, 2018. It was broadcast as a special on July 16, 2018 at ITV]

Note: [This is a transcript of the question-and-answer portion of the interview. An ITV spokesperson confirmed this contains all the segments from the interview with Donald Trump. Any breaks in the interview are noted in the transcript.]

Note: [The breaks include both commercial breaks, and portions where Piers Morgan would cut to a clip without Donald Trump to set up the next question in the interview.]

Piers Morgan: I'm in the middle of an extraordinary situation where the Queen has held up the President. And so the President and I are now holding up the whole of Stansted Airport.

Piers Morgan: Mr. President, good to see you.

Donald Trump: Good to see you.

Piers Morgan: How are you?

Donald Trump: I'm good.

Piers Morgan: I've known Donald Trump for over a decade. I've interviewed him at least 35 times and since he became president, I'm the only British TV journalist that he's spoken to.

Donald Trump: Come on, let's sit down.

Piers Morgan: Thank you very much. Thank you. Mr. President, first of all, thank you for inviting me onto your plane, Air Force One.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you

Piers Morgan: You've had a pretty extraordinary whirlwind 48 hours in England. How has it gone from your perspective?

Donald Trump: I mean, I think it was absolutely perfect. We have a great relationship with your Prime Minister. We did really well and we had meetings actually at breakfast, lunch, dinner; then at breakfast, lunch.

Piers Morgan: We eat a lot in this country.

Donald Trump: You eat a lot. And... No, we really did well. We did fantastically well with NATO. It's all together now. People are paying and they're paying quickly. We met with the queen.

Piers Morgan: The moment when you walk towards the queen, what was going through your mind?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I was thinking about my mother. My mother passed away a while ago and she was a tremendous fan of the queen. She thought she was a woman of elegance and, you know, she's led a perfect life, it seems, right? Just no trouble. Just a great woman.

Donald Trump: And my mother felt she was a great woman. And I remember, even as a little guy, if there was any kind of a ceremony having to do with the Queen, my mother would be watching the television. She wanted to see it.

Donald Trump: I was walking up and I was thinking "Can you imagine my mother seeing the scene?" Windsor... Windsor Castle. And it was beautiful. It was really beautiful but the queen is terrific.

Piers Morgan: So what did you make of the Queen? And you're probably the two most famous people on the planet.

Donald Trump: Yeah. She is so sharp, so wise, so beautiful. You know, up close, I mean, you see, she's so beautiful and just has... Looks she's a very special person. And the way she's conducted herself so many years... And she's got a lot of years left. She's got a lot of years left.

Piers Morgan: You talked to her for a lot longer than was scheduled.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Piers Morgan: Were you surprised how much time you had with her?

Donald Trump: Well, it was a very easy talk. It was very easy. You know, it's hard to talk to somebody if you're sort of... if there's not that something special.

Piers Morgan: Did you get the feeling she liked you?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to speak for her but I can tell you I liked her. So usually that helps. But I liked her a lot.

Piers Morgan: What were her opening words?

Donald Trump: Welcome, just welcome. Just very elegant and very beautiful. It's really something special.

Piers Morgan: Did you mention your mother to her?

Donald Trump: I did. I told her. I said "You know, my mother was your big fan." She was born in Stornoway, the Hebrides. And that's very serious Scotland, as you know. There's no... there's no doubt about that. But she loves Scotland and she so admired and respected the Queen. And that was a long time ago. The Queen is ... I guess Harry Truman was the first president that she got to meet and know and she went through a whole list. But it was a very nice moment, Piers. Very nice

Piers Morgan: I interviewed Prince Harry's new father-in-law, Thomas Markle, and he said to me that he spoke to Prince Harry about you and Harry said to him "We should give Donald Trump a chance."

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's good. I think a lot of people are seeing some of the things that are happening. I mean, whether it's North Korea... In all fairness, again, no missile shots, no testing, etc. etc. That's a big deal and I think a lot of good things are going to come out of that.

Piers Morgan: Do you like Harry?

Donald Trump: I do. I do. I don't know Harry but I like him.

Piers Morgan: He's married an American woman.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Piers Morgan: Brought America into the royal family.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, I like Harry. I've always liked Harry. I like the whole family, to be honest. I really think... I think the whole family, they have a good energy. For me, they have a good energy.

Piers Morgan: Did you discuss Brexit with the Queen?

Donald Trump: I did.

Piers Morgan: What did she say?

Donald Trump: She said it's a very... and she's right... it's a very complex problem. I think nobody had any idea how complex that was going to be.

Piers Morgan: Did she gave any clue as to...

Donald Trump: Everyone thought "Oh, it's simple. We join, we don't join. Let's see what happens." Who would have thought this was going to be...

Piers Morgan: Did she give any clue as to which way...

Donald Trump: Well, I can't talk. You know, I've heard very strongly from a lot of people. You just don't talk about that conversation with the Queen, right? You don't want that.

Piers Morgan: Teresa May, the British prime minister. You came in. Obviously, a big interview appeared which set a tinderbox of because it addressed this whole very contentious issue of Brexit in Britain.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Piers Morgan: And certainly, you have always said to me in previous interviews before the referendum that you believed Britain would vote to leave. That's exactly what happened. The concern that the leavers have now is that what is on the table, the current plan, simply isn't what was voted for. It's not actually Brexit.

Donald Trump: It's not hard, as they call it. It's not a hard Brexit. And, of course, I'm not a student of this other than I see it and I see what's going on. As you remember, I predicted it. I predicted that was going to happen. And then shortly after that some other event happened that turned out to blow up a lot of...

Piers Morgan: There were two pretty big surprises in 2016.

Donald Trump: I guess, I guess.

Piers Morgan: An uncharacteristically coy moment from President Trump. Of course he's talking about beating Hillary Clinton, I guess, all predictions.

Piers Morgan: You're a business guy. You clearly had a view when you were coming to this country this week the Brexit in its current form, the plan was not going to wash, it actually wouldn't allow Britain to have a proper completely free trading arrangement going forward with the United States. Something must have changed in your six meals with the British Prime Minister Teresa May, which has changed your position. Would that be fair?

Donald Trump: No, no, I think my position is the same. I just think it's really their choice. And if you speak to the Prime Minister, she's really saying "No, it is Brexit, it is what it was but we're leaving..."

Piers Morgan: Do you believe that?

Donald Trump: Well, honestly, it's not for me to say.

Piers Morgan: Most people don't believe it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know.

Piers Morgan: They think it doesn't allow for America to actually trade feely.

Donald Trump: Well, that was a bad... I mean, look, I think it's worse for the UK than it is for us.

Piers Morgan: Why?

Donald Trump: Because we're doing very well. We're doing very well in trade. We're doing incredibly well overall. We're having the best numbers we've ever had as a country ever.

Piers Morgan: If we were free, Britain, to do a genuine free trade deal after Brexit...

Donald Trump: We would make a tremendously big deal.

Piers Morgan: Because people say "Come on, President of the United States, Donald Trump, he wants to put America first. We're not going to get a...

Donald Trump: That's true.

Piers Morgan: We're not going to get a great deal.

Donald Trump: It should've been you're going to put the UK first. And we're going to argue and we're going to fight and we're going to end up making a deal.

Piers Morgan: Is it in your interests?

Donald Trump: I've always never liked it when we talked about, you know, every country we're going to be... We are putting America first but you have to put your country first and other people have to put their country first.

Piers Morgan: So the skeptic in me would say "Well that's great for America but what is the incentive for America to do a great deal with the United Kingdom?

Donald Trump: We would make a great deal with the United Kingdom because they have product that we like. I mean they have a lot of great product. They make phenomenal things. And you have different names you can say England, you can say UK, you can say United Kingdom. You know so many different names. Great Britain. I always say "Which one do you prefer? Great Britain?" You understand what I'm saying.

Piers Morgan: Great Britain and the United Kingdom aren't exactly the same thing.

Donald Trump: Right, yeah. No, I know but a lot of people don't know that but you have lots of different. The fact is you make a great products, you make great things, you have really incredible... even your farm product is so fantastic.

Piers Morgan: Can you look me in the, Mr. President, and say there will be a great trade deal if we get this damn Brexit thing right?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're going to have a great trade. I really have no doubt about it. We're going to get it. Now, if they do whatever they do, they have to I... I said "Make sure you have a carve-out. You're not calling it a carve-out from Brexit. You have to have a carve-out."

Piers Morgan: Well, the presumption from your point of view, if we get the deal in a place...

Donald Trump: I think, no matter what happens they're going to have carve-outs and they're going to make a deal.

Piers Morgan: And has Teresa May looked you in the eye and said that "We will get that"?

Donald Trump: Well, she feels she's going to be able to make a deal, yeah. And, again, I have to tell you, I really like her. Now, I got to know her better over the last two days than I have in the past because I spent a lot more time but I really like her. And then they said "Do you like Boris too?" I said "I really like him." He's been very generous to me over the last three years, I would say, very positive but I think she's working very hard and I think she's doing a good job.

Piers Morgan: You said, with Teresa May, that there was a brutal option which didn't involve no deal, there was a brutal option.

Donald Trump: Well, I recommended her something. I gave her an option. I'd rather not tell you what that option is but I think she might but I gave her an option. It's not too late for her to do that necessarily. I said that BREIT was going to happen for a specific reason, immigration. I think the people of the UK want to have who they want in their country.

Piers Morgan: I mean, it's to [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Sure, he is. He's ruthless but so are others. You don't have borders, you don't have a country.

Piers Morgan: And in our interview he was characteristically blunt.

Donald Trump: I think what's happening all over Europe is very sad. Not in every country. There are certain countries, Hungary and others...

Piers Morgan: Well, you said in your press conference that immigration has changed the culture of Europe. And people were surprised because America of course was built on immigration. I mean, the great culture of America is that it's full of immigrants. So, why do you not think it could work in Europe.

Donald Trump: I think it depends where they are, who they are, educational levels, work levels. I think it depends on a lot of things, Piers, and I just see what's happening. The crime is through the roof in some places that never had crime. I'm not going to mention specific countries but you can pick the country and you can see what's happening. Some of the countries would not take it. And they're being really admonished by the European Union for not doing it.

Donald Trump: You look at Hungary, as an example. They're not agreeing to do what some of the other countries did. Now, it's a very tough thing. On a humanitarian basis, you've got to do something and yet it is changing Europe. It's seriously changing Europe. I'm not the president of Europe. I'm the president of the United States and we have a strong border, we have a tough border, and we have a different problem but similar in certain ways.

Piers Morgan: Can I mention the protests going on in London? They are going on as we speak now.

Donald Trump: And some of them are protesting in my favor. They had many protesters...

Piers Morgan: There was a big protest in London today protesting against you. One of the main reasons many of them have come out at the moment is this ongoing fury over the child separation issue in America at the border where you had a policy which removed children from adults. That policy...

Donald Trump: It wasn't my policy. Obama had the same policy. Other presidents, President Bush had the same policy. It's not my policy. It's horrible immigration laws that I'll eventually get fixed but these are horrible laws but just so you understand this. As you know Obama, had the same exact policy.

Piers Morgan: As a father of five, was there a moment when you looked to those pictures of those kids and you felt "Actually, this is wrong. This is not the right thing to do."

Donald Trump: You're right. And I did an executive order putting them all together but this is a law that we have, it's a terrible law and yet, despite that, that sounds very severe but our laws are very weak. It's a terrible thing. In theory, what happens is they come in and they separate.

Piers Morgan: The fact you changed it, do you regret that that policy was in place?

Donald Trump: Well, all I did was go by the law. I actually wrote an executive order saying the parents get back together but the parents are put in jail essentially. They came in illegally. Now, when people come in illegally, they have their kids, there are consequences to that but I still didn't like the idea of separation but we have some very, very bad laws and we're changing those laws, we will be changing those laws.

Donald Trump: We have a very strong border. Nobody's been tougher on the border than I have. And we have to. You don't have borders, you don't have a country. And when I come over to Europe and I see what's happening, you don't have too many borders. And I think it's very bad for your various countries.

Piers Morgan: You'll going to see Vladimir Putin and you're in dialogue now with Kim Jong-Un, you met up with him. People look at that and say do you have a world view here? Do you have a doctrine about getting in the room with people that many people say they're bad guys? Is this the Trump doctrine now to get in a room and try and do deals with people that have been perceived as the enemy?

Donald Trump: I'd like to see peace. A lot of people thought I'd be... Most people said "Well, on day one we're going to be at war with Trump as president." Well, here it is. We're getting rid of wars. We're actually getting out of wars.

Piers Morgan: Can you trust Kim Jong-Un?

Donald Trump: Look, all I can say is this. When President Obama was in his last couple of years, all they talked about was North Korea. Everybody did. I'm not blaming him. I'm just saying it was a big problem, the testing and all of that. And then when I got in, we took a different approach and there was plenty of testing and plenty of nuclear tests going off and missiles going up and rockets going up.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you this, Piers. In the last nine months, there's been no missile test, there's been no nuclear test, there's been no nothing. And we have our hostages back. Our three hostages are right now...

Piers Morgan: The cynics who say he's playing you and he just wants to be on the global stage and you've given him that, what do you say to those people?

Donald Trump: He was on the global stage before. I mean, he was on the global stage before. What have I done? I met with him. The real fakers are really the ones who would say "Oh, you know, what is Trump doing? How can we..." So they say what have I done wrong. I met with him. I met.

Piers Morgan: Did you like him?

Donald Trump: I get along with him great. Yeah, I actually did. I got along with him great. He's very smart. Great personality. He's funny and tough. Good negotiator.

Piers Morgan: He's a ruthless dictator.

Donald Trump: Sure, he is. He's ruthless but so are others. I mean, I could name plenty of others that we deal with it that you don't say the same thing about. I mean, we have plenty of the people that I deal with are pretty ruthless people.

Piers Morgan: Putin one of those?

Donald Trump: I can't tell you that. I assume he probably is but I could name others also. Look, if we can get along with Russia, that's a good thing. Look at what happened just over the last short period of time with NATO. Look, I came in a year ago, I went to a meeting and I said "What's going on over here? They're not paying their dues. This is ridiculous. They're not paying. You got to pay." You can ask Secretary General Stoltenberg, because of me they picked up 34 billion dollars. Do you President Putin is happy about that?

Piers Morgan: You don't want to dismantle NATO. You want people to pay their...

Donald Trump: I don't even know why you're asking the question. We have now a much more solid NATO than they've had for years. And last year, since I was elected, we picked up 34 billion dollars extra, additional. I'm not talking about 34, I'm talking about 34 additional. Now, you add that into all of the other things I've done. President Putin has to respect what we've done. I don't know him. I met him a couple of times. I met him at the G20. I think we could probably get along very well.

Donald Trump: Somebody said "Are you friends or enemies?" I said "Well it's too early to say but right now I'd say we're competitors" but for Russia and the United States and frankly the UK and other places to get along with Russia and China and all of these other places, Piers, that's a good thing. It's not a bad thing. It's a really good thing.

Piers Morgan: You've got a massive moment coming with the Supreme Court justices and you've recommended somebody now. There are a lot of concerns in America and around the world that this will balance the Supreme Court in a way that may end up with Roe vs. Wade being overturned which is a woman's legal right to abortion in America. What is your personal view about that?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I'm a conservative, as you know, and I have my views but, you know, very specifically, and I did this because I think it's right but I've also been told that it really is the thing to do, I don't talk about it with the various people. I've interviewed a lot of top, top, in this case, world judges. I chose Brett Kavanaugh. He is top of the line in every way. So now he's going through the Senate and the senators are going to be talking about it, they will be asking, he's going to have to answer questions. Let's see how he does.

Piers Morgan: Do you understand why women have concerns?

Donald Trump: I do understand but I also understand that that's a 50/50 question in this country. And in fact, now it's 51/49, the way that you wouldn't expect. It's an incredible thing that's going on but it's a very tough thing. He's going to go through a tremendous process over the next probably 60 days and I think he's going to be confirmed and someday in the distant future there could be a vote. There also is a very good chance there won't be a vote. We'll have to see what happens. A case has to get up there. It could be a long time before a case ever gets up there.

Piers Morgan: The president his team is telling us the plane had to take off but I had simple question.

Piers Morgan: Do you like being president?

Donald Trump: I do. I really enjoy it.

Piers Morgan: Despite all the agro that gets poured on you, some of which, I have to say, as someone who likes you and have known you a long time, some of it you bring on yourself.

Donald Trump: Some of it.

Piers Morgan: The tweet storms, the inflammatory rhetoric.

Donald Trump: But I think... I don't call it tweet. I call it social media because they have five platforms. You have unbelievable numbers of people. You know what I am...

Piers Morgan: Did you ever think you at 72 would be the most skilled exponents of Twitter in the world?

Donald Trump: Well, you're right up there. You're doing pretty good.

Piers Morgan: I'm not you're league.

Donald Trump: You're doing pretty good, I'll tell you what, and you were doing it before me. I just find that I think you can... To me, it's a modern day form of communication. I'll see something where somebody says something wrong or says something right and rather than sitting around doing nothing, I'll be able to put out something or in some cases call and say "Put this exact statement out."

Donald Trump: I'm very exact [Inaudible]. I have so many followers. You know, I have five different platforms you add it all up and it's like over 150 million people. That's a tremendous amount of people. You get the word out. You can really protect yourself from the lies and all of the things that are being said.

Piers Morgan: We're sitting on Air Force One here, which is the most elite airplane in the world.

Donald Trump: It is pretty good.

Piers Morgan: And the most famous and the safest and everything else, right? You're probably the only president who actually took a bit of a downgrade [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: I have a good plane. We have a good plane.

Piers Morgan: What's the coolest thing about this plane? When you first get on it, you go around, this is your plane, right?

Donald Trump: I've known great planes but this is Air Force One. I think the coolest thing of this plane is it's Air Force One. Now, the best telecommunications I've ever seen in my life. We have defense systems. We have all sorts of things but the coolest thing is it's Air Force One. This is it.

Piers Morgan: There's rumors that you are planning a big refurb of Air Force One.

Donald Trump: No, not a refurb. I actually ordered a new Air Force One and it's not for me but no president had the courage to do it because a lot of people don't like...

Piers Morgan: You said not for you. Who is it for?

Donald Trump: Well, it'll be a long time. It takes a long time to do it. So, hopefully, we'll get some of that at some point.

Piers Morgan: Is there any doubt that you'll run again in 2020?

Donald Trump: Well, you never know what happens with health and other things. I mean, let's face it.

Piers Morgan: You look fit.

Donald Trump: I feel good.

Piers Morgan: I saw your menu tonight. You [Inaudible] pretty health stuff.

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so.

Piers Morgan: No KFC there.

Donald Trump: Well, that is true.

Piers Morgan: That's very health, [Inaudible] lemon cherry salmon.

Donald Trump: No, I look forward to it. I mean, I look forward to it.

Piers Morgan: In 2020 you're going to run? You're going to go again?

Donald Trump: Well, I fully intend to. It seems like...

Piers Morgan: Do you see any Democrat who can possibly...

Donald Trump: No, I don't see anybody. I know them all. I don't see anybody.

Piers Morgan: The Liberals could be facing not two more years of you but potentially 6 or 7.

Donald Trump: Well, I know many of them, I've seen them, I've dealt with them and so far they do not have the right candidate.

Piers Morgan: Final question about your wife, the First Lady, Melania. I had the pleasure of just seeing her again after a few years. She does an amazing job. I mean, all the stresses, all the pressure, all the headlines and so on.

Donald Trump: She does.

Piers Morgan: Would you like to say about Melania?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm very proud of her. She does an incredible job. And you know, she's very popular.

Piers Morgan: She's popular.

Donald Trump: And she's not a big waver and lets... She's very...

Piers Morgan: She's more popular than you, Mr. President.

Piers Morgan: As you could very well...

Donald Trump: She never runs against... But, no, she's done a fantastic job. She really has. And I think the people are liking the job that I'm doing. You see what's happening with the polls. You look at the Republican Party polls. It's the highest ever, I think. It's the highest ever.

Piers Morgan: Your final thoughts. As you leave England and you fly to Scotland for the weekend, your final thoughts about your first proper trip as president to my country.

Donald Trump: Well, special people, just an incredible place, really, really have loved it. All of my life I have loved it. I think being here in this capacity is something incredible. I'm helping the cause because we work together militarily, we work on terrorism together, we work on so many different things together and I think I'm really helping the cause. We have a very special relationship.

Piers Morgan: Mr. President, thank you very much indeed.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Piers Morgan: It's good to see you again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Piers.

Piers Morgan: That really is the end of the interview but with Donald Trump there's always time for a photo-op and I did a little [Inaudible] for the President.

Piers Morgan: As the crew began their final checks, an off-mic and off-message Trump had one last thing to say. It was very Harrison Ford.

Donald Trump: Now, Piers, get the hell of the plane.