Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-joe-bruno-wsoc-charlotte-october-26-2018

Joe Bruno: Thank you so much for coming.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Joe Bruno: What made you want to come down and have a rally for Mr. Harris and Congressman Budd? Are you worried about their seats?

Donald Trump: No, I just think they're fantastic people. They're going to be great congressmen. They are, in one case, and they're going to be great congressman, and for the long term we need the vote. And they're very popular, and we just want to make sure everything works out well, and we have a tremendous crowd. But these are two great people and we need them.

Joe Bruno: Mr. Harris says -- has a lot of protests against gay marriage and frequently protests against abortion. Do you agree with him on those issues, and are those issues that you're hoping that your new conservative majority Supreme Court takes up and overturns?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to be looking at that, because I know he has very strong positions on things, and I don't know exactly what his particular -- everyone's a little bit different, but we're going to be looking at his positions. But I can tell you, he's a very popular guy in the area. They really like him a lot.

Joe Bruno: Are those issues that you want the Supreme Court to take up?

Donald Trump: Well, they might take 'em up. We're going to have to let the Justices decide. They will be deciding. We just have a brand new great, one as you know. First of all we have Judge Gorsuch, who is fantastic and Justice Kavanaugh now, so they're going to make that decision. They will be making those decisions.

Joe Bruno: We have a new owner for the Panthers, David Tepper.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Joe Bruno: He has been critical of you at times. Recently, he said it's dead wrong to accuse NFL players of being unpatriotic. I'm wondering if you have a response to Mr. Tepper, but also, Mr. President, why are you opposed to NFL players protesting racism -- racism and police brutality in this way?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'm -- I want people to stand for the national anthem, to stand for our flag. I think most people agree with me. I think that's been pretty well proven. I want them to stand for our great country. I want 'em to stand for the flag, and stand for our national anthem, and if somebody disagrees with that, that's fine. That's what we're all about. We're about freedom of expression, and let them have that expression. But for me, they have to stand.

Joe Bruno: What's the difference between Eric Reid, a Panthers player protesting during the anthem, and Mr. Harris protesting outside of a women's health clinic?

Donald Trump: Well, that's up to them. You know, they can do whatever they want. But I want people standing. If it was up to me, I'm have them standing, and I would have made that ruling as commissioner. In fact, I like the commissioner. He just thanked me. We did a big favor for the NFL, with respect to Canada, which you probably heard, in their advertising, they're having a tremendous problem. But it was up to me, and if I were the commissioner, I'd make them stand.

Joe Bruno: Will you be changing your rhetoric at all with your rallies because the whole pipe bomb incident?

Donald Trump: Well, you take a look at what's outside. We have tremendous fans. We have tremendous rallies. In Houston, we just had a 109,000 people accept, and we were in the Rockets arena, 22,000 people, 51,000 people outside. I better not change too much.

Joe Bruno: Some Democrats say that you should take responsibility for what this man did sending pipe bombs to more than a dozen people.

Donald Trump: Well, then I guess Bernie Sanders would have to take responsibility, and the Democrats would have to take responsibility when people do horrible things, and they happen to be Democrats. It's very simple. But they would have to take responsibility. We have tremendous people. We have a fan base, and a base period, that's just been incredible, and we're very proud of it. And we think this is horrible, what took place.

Donald Trump: But that happens, and recently as you know, Steve Scalise, Congressman, was shot by somebody that really liked, I guess, Bernie Sanders in that case, and the Democrats, and people don't bring that up. But I bring it up.

Joe Bruno: Republican National Convention will be here not too long from now. Are you excited about having it here in Charlotte, and was -- is there any concern about the debate that led up to it, because, you know, there were several Democrats who were against hosting this convention.

Donald Trump: I didn't hear that. I heard they wanted it very badly in Charlotte. I'm -- you know, I have a job right next to Lake Norman. I love the whole area. I love the area, the place. I've actually spoken to this -- in the facility quite a few times. It's a great -- it's a great arena. It's going to be a fantastic thing. It's going to bring hundreds of millions of dollars to the state, or at least something close to that. You saw the numbers, they were pretty amazing.

Donald Trump: Your mayor was fantastic. Your mayor really wanted it badly -- who is a Democrat -- and the people want it. So, we're really happy. We think it's a -- it's a tremendous state. I won the state of North Carolina. We've done a great job with respect to the hurricane. We've gotten A+ marks on the hurricane, and we're continuing to work. It was a bad one, but we're continuing to work, and we look forward to being here.

Joe Bruno: Thank you.