Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-the-mark-levin-show-november-5-2018

Mark Levin: President Donald Trump, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Really good, Mark. Thank you very much.

Mark Levin: Well, it's a great honor. I know you're -- you're -- you're just campaigning, incredibly of these massive crowds, certainly compared to Obama, too, by the way.

Donald Trump: Well, you know we just got to -- as you know, we just arrived in Indiana, and they have lines -- the arena has packed, 12,000 people, but they have lines, they could fill it up three times, and we just left Ohio, and it was incredible, the crowd. So it's really great. If crowds mean anything, and there is an electricity in the air, Mark, that reminds me very much of November 16th.

Donald Trump: There's electricity that's incredible. And let's see. But I think there's something going on.

Mark Levin: We've got about 12 million people listening to you right now. What do you want to tell them now about tomorrow, and how important is the vote, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm campaigning for individual people. And if you notice, the -- I call it the fake news -- but in many cases, certainly, as you know better than almost anybody in the world, a lot of it is fake, unfortunately. And, they want to put it as my race, and I'm okay with that. I don't really care. You kno,w whatever is necessary.

Donald Trump: We have some great, great candidates. I'm with Mike Braun right now, who's running for the Senate of -- in Indiana and he's against Joe Donnelly, very weak. And let's see what happens. The polls have him even, maybe even slightly up. He was down four, and now he's even, and, you know, I think by the time I get finished, I'll explain Joe Donnelly, and I think he's going to end up winning.

Donald Trump: I think we're going to win races that nobody ever thought of. Honestly, they didn't think in terms of Donnelly, they didn't think in terms of Tester. Heidi was unbeatable. This is six months, a year ago. All of -- you know, in going over the races, Mark, there were people that we weren't even going to contest, and now we're leading.

Donald Trump: I just think we're going to do well, and I think we're going to do better in the House than anybody expects. But we'll -- we're gonna soon know.

Mark Levin: Isn't this an election, Mr. President, about the American people and the country, what they want in the future? I mean, you're -- you're trying to grow the economy, secure the borders --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: -- strengthen our military, and the other guys want to do the opposite.

Donald Trump: Well, it's almost not understandable. We have the best economic numbers ever to come out. You know, we have probably the best economy that any president's ever had when he ran for office, because historically, as you know, I guess, what is it Mark -- two times over many, many, many decades --

Mark Levin: Right.

Donald Trump: -- the President, the person in the presidential office wom. The fact is, that, I don't know why, but nobody's ever had an economy like we have. We have the best economy that there has ever been, let alone for an election. So I think we're going to have tremendous success tomorrow. I think it's going to be great.

Donald Trump: The numbers came out: 250,000 jobs for October, which was a shocking number. And that's despite the fact that we had two massive hurricanes, which usually just decimate those numbers. You know, when you have a hurricane, those numbers are decimated, the monthly job numbers. So, the economy is doing really well.

Donald Trump: Trade deals are doing really well, and China has never seen anything like this, what's going on there. They've never seen anything like it. You know, right now they're paying tax on 250 -- I mean they are paying taxes on or numbers like you wouldn't believe. Billions and billions of dollars coming into our treasury, and I'm very happy with that, but they want to make a deal, and we might make a deal.

Donald Trump: Their economy has gone down 32 percent, which, of course, nobody mentions. And I don't really want them to mention it. I'm not looking to be bad to China. We want to be fair, but we want to get a good deal for us for a change, because we lose $500 billion a year with China, and we can't do that any longer, Mark.

Mark Levin: One last question, because I know you don't want to leave your massive audience there. Now Mr. President, Republicans, some of them are still thinking about whether to vote. I don't know who these Republicans are, but as I look at the numbers of just the Republicans will turn out in large numbers, these tiny differences, these very tight races will go the way of the Republicans, right?

Donald Trump: You know Mark, there's something beautiful about it. The -- a lot of the Republicans don't want to vote, because they think I don't like Congress, and they really like me, and I have 93 percent now -- which is the highest -- 93 in the Republican Party. And I have a great relationship with them, and they say we will not vote because the President doesn't like Congress.

Donald Trump: But I actually do like Congress. We have to -- we have to get out and vote. If they get out and vote, we're going to really win, because I think we're almost winning right now. Maybe we are winning right now, because when you look at the lines outside, like where I am now, I just got a report from Missouri.

Donald Trump: The lines are two miles long, trying to get in, and the place is already packed, and it will be there for another two and a half hours. So, something is going on, and if they go out and vote we're going to win big.

Mark Levin: Well, Mr. President, I wish you and the Republican Party and all the candidates well, because I consider this a huge race between liberty and tyranny, and between freedom and capitalism and Democratic socialism and the American people. We -- we have to decide what we want.

Donald Trump: Well, Mark, I just want to tell your listeners you are a special man, and I don't say there's often about a lot of people. Nobody's smarter and you are just -- you got it very, very early and I appreciate it, and I appreciate all your help, but all your genius. What I want to tell your listeners -- you are a special guy, and I want to thank you very much, and you're the only one.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm supposed to be on stage in front of a lot of television, and a lot of people, and I said, nope, I have to do the Mark call first. That's more important to me.

Mark Levin: Well, it is a great honor. I'm gonna tell you, my audience loves you, as do we and my family, and I want to thank you very much for all you're doing.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Mark, and I'll see you soon. Take care of yourself.

Mark Levin: God bless. Be safe. The United States, live.