Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-phone-woodward-august-14-2018

Bob Woodward: Hello? Evelyn, Pick Up

Donald Trump: Hello, Bob.

Bob Woodward: President Trump, how are you?

Donald Trump: How are you? How are you doing? Okay?

Bob Woodward: Real well. I'm turning on my tape recorder, with your permission.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's okay. That's okay. I don't mind that at all.

Bob Woodward: I'm sorry we missed the opportunity to talk for the book.

Donald Trump: Well, I just spoke with Kellyanne and she asked me if I got a call. I never got a call. I never got a message. Who did you ask about speaking to me?

Bob Woodward: Well, about six people.

Donald Trump: They don't tell me.

Bob Woodward: A senator. I talked to Kellyanne about it two and a half months ago.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Bob Woodward: She came for lunch.

Donald Trump: Well, it's too bad. Of course, you and I had a conversation a couple of years ago, and so that I think got you there a little bit. And we had a conversation many years ago, if you remember, in Trump Tower.

Bob Woodward: Yeah, I do.

Donald Trump: That has to be 20 years ago. And you were thinking about doing a book about me then, which is interesting. Who knew it would've been on this subject? Right? That was not in the cards at that time.

Bob Woodward: That's right. Well, I'm sorry, I...

Donald Trump: I still remember that.

Bob Woodward: I spent a lot of time on this, talked to lots of people.

Donald Trump: All right. Good.

Bob Woodward: And as you know and are living, we are at a pivot point in history.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bob Woodward: And I would've liked to have done that, and I maximized my effort, and somehow it didn't get to you, or...

Donald Trump: It's really too bad, because nobody told me about it, and I would've loved to have spoken to you. You know I'm very open to you. I think you've always been fair. We'll see what happens. But all I can say is the country is doing very well. We're doing better economically just about than at any time.

Donald Trump: We're doing better on unemployment maybe than ever. You know, I mean, if you look at the unemployment numbers, you've heard me say it. And we're doing better on unemployment than just about ever. We're having a lot of -- a lot of companies are moving back into our country, which would've been unheard of two years ago.

Donald Trump: If the other administration or representatives of it had kept going, had kept -- you know, if the other group had won, I will tell you, that you would have, I think you'd have a GDP of less than zero. I think we would've been going in the wrong direction. Because regulations are such a big part of what we've done, Bob.

Bob Woodward: Well, I understand that point of view. And as you know, it's also a difficult time where the political system and you and my business is being tested.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Bob Woodward: I take it very seriously. I've done books on eight presidents, going back from Nixon to Obama.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bob Woodward: And I learned something about reporting, frankly, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Good.

Bob Woodward: I've got to go talk to people and see them outside of the White House and outside of their offices, and gained a lot of insight and documentation. And it's -- you know, it's a tough look at the world and your administration and you.

Donald Trump: Right. Well, I assume that means it's going to be a negative book. But you know, I'm some -- I'm sort of 50 percent used to that. [Laughter] That's all right. Some are good and some are bad. Sounds like this is going to be a bad one.

Bob Woodward: It was a chance missed, and I don't know how things work over there in terms of...

Donald Trump: Very well. We...

Bob Woodward: ...getting to you.

Donald Trump: Well, if you would call Madeleine [Westerhout] in my office ...Did you speak to Madeleine?

Bob Woodward: No, I didn't. But I...

Donald Trump: Madeleine is the key. She's the secret. Because she's the person...

Bob Woodward: Well, I talked to Raj about it. I talked to... I talked to Kellyanne.

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of them are afraid to come and talk, or -- you know, they are busy. I'm busy. But I don't mind talking to you. I would've spoken to you. I spoke to you 20 years and I spoke to you a year and a half or two years ago.

Bob Woodward: A couple of years ago, I understand.

Donald Trump: And I certainly don't mind talking to you, and I wish I could've spoken to you. But nobody called my office. I mean, you went through, I guess, different people...

Bob Woodward: Well, Mr. President, how can I spend all this time talking to people and -- like Kellyanne and Raj and Republican senators?

Donald Trump: Who were the senators? No, they never called me about it.

Bob Woodward: Senator Graham said he had talked to you about talking to me. Now, is that not true?

Donald Trump: Senator Graham actually mentioned it quickly in one meeting.

Bob Woodward: Yes. Well, see. And then nothing happened.

Donald Trump: That is true. That is true. Well, that -- no, but that is true. Mentioned it quickly, not like, you know, and I would certainly have thought that maybe you would've called the office. But that's okay. I'll speak to Kellyanne.

Donald Trump: I am a little surprised that she wouldn't have told me. In fact, she just walked in. [Off Microphone] I'm talking to Bob Woodward. He said that he told you.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: About speaking to me. But you never told me. Why didn't you tell me?

Kellyanne Conway: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I would've been very happy to speak to him. All right, so what are you going to do?

Bob Woodward: Well...

Donald Trump: So I have another bad book coming out. Big deal.

Bob Woodward: ...it goes on, and I... What you can count on is that I've been very careful. And Evelyn, are you on?

Evelyn Duffy: Yes.

Bob Woodward: Evelyn Duffy, who's my assistant, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hello, Evelyn.

Bob Woodward: She transcribed all the tapes because, with permission, I taped people for hundreds of hours.

Donald Trump: Good.

Bob Woodward: And I think there's nothing in this book that doesn't come from a firsthand source. Is that correct, Evelyn?

Evelyn Duffy: I believe that's --

Donald Trump: But are you naming names? Or do you just say sources?

Bob Woodward: Yeah, well, it names real incidents, so...

Donald Trump: No, but do you name sources? I mean, are you naming the people, or just say, people have said?

Bob Woodward: I say, at 2:00 on this day, the following happened, and everyone who's there, including yourself, is quoted. And I'm sorry I didn't get to ask you about these...

Donald Trump: I mean, you do know I'm doing a great job for the country. You do know that NATO now is going to pay billions and billions of dollars more, as an example, than anybody thought possible, that other presidents were unable to get more? And it was heading downward

Donald Trump: You do know all of the things I've done and things that I'm doing? I'm in the process of making some of the greatest trade deals ever to be made. You do understand that stuff? I mean, I hope.

Bob Woodward: Certainly, I understand and I would've loved to go through a discussion with you about NATO, because this goes back to early in your administration and your concern about it, and the agreement that the countries have that they would increase their defense contribution, what is it, by the year 2024? And you know... So anyway, we are...

Donald Trump: Well, you know last year, if you see the secretary, Stoltenberg, he said I believe $44 billion just last year, and that was from last year's meeting. And this year it's much more money they've agreed to put up.

Donald Trump: So it's a tremendous amount of money. No other president has done it. It was heading down in the opposite direction. So I don't know if you're going to report it that way; probably not. But that's too bad, but that's all right, but you know, one of those things.

Bob Woodward: Everything is going to be factual. And it is not a good thing for my business, if I may say this to you, Mr. President, to the presidency, or to the country, to not have real, full exchanges on these. And I broke my spear on it trying to get to you.

Donald Trump: Well, other than Lindsey, who did quickly mention it, nobody mentioned it.

Bob Woodward: You say Kellyanne's there, ask her.

Donald Trump: Nobody told me about it. Well, let me ask her. Why don't you speak to Kellyanne. Ask her. She never told me about it. [Conway picks up phone]

Bob Woodward: Kellyanne?

Kellyanne Conway: Bob, how are you? Hi.

Bob Woodward: Hi. Remember two and a half months ago you came over and I laid out, I wanted to talk to the president? And you said you would get back to me?

Kellyanne Conway: I do. And I put in the request. But you know, they -- it was rejected. I can only take it so far. I guess I can bring it right to the president next time.

Bob Woodward: Yeah.

Kellyanne Conway: But I try to follow all the protocols, or else I'm accused of being somebody who doesn't follow protocol.

Bob Woodward: President Trump, I just want you to know I made every effort.

Kellyanne Conway: But you had talked to Hope, right, who said no?

Bob Woodward: Listen, I talked to anyone I could. [Laughs]

Kellyanne Conway: You talked to a number of people and they all said no?

Bob Woodward: I talked to Raj.

Kellyanne Conway: Raj.

Bob Woodward: He was going to work it out.

Kellyanne Conway: Hope. [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: [Off Microphone, inaudible]

Kellyanne Conway: I said you tried talking to everybody? What about when you interviewed, like, other people? They all said yes? That they'd try?

Bob Woodward: Yeah, well, about six or seven people. I tried. And I couldn't have -- you and I spent a whole lunch on it, Kellyanne. And I said, I want to cover the substantive issues in foreign policy and domestic policy. And you said you would get back to me. Nothing.

Kellyanne Conway: Yeah. So, I did. I presented it to the people here who make those decisions, but...

Bob Woodward: Who are the people?

Kellyanne Conway: But anyway, I'll give you back to the president. And I'm glad to hear that you tried through seven or eight different people. That's good. You should tell him all the names. [Laughs] Thank you.

Donald Trump: But you never called for me. It would've been nice, Bob, if you called for me, in my office. I mean, I have a secretary. I have two, three secretaries. If you would've called directly -- a lot of people are afraid ...Raj, I hardly have ...I don't speak to Raj.

Bob Woodward: Kellyanne is a...

Donald Trump: I do, I do, and Kellyanne went to somebody, but she didn't come to me.

Bob Woodward: Well, does she have access to you?

Donald Trump: And she should've come to me. She does have access to me. Absolutely. She has direct access, but she didn't come to me. And you know what? That's okay. I'll just end up with another bad book. What can I tell you?

Bob Woodward: It's surprising to me that these people -- did Raj have access to you?

Donald Trump: Not really, but he would've been able to do it. But I have an office. You have the office number. I have an office that's directly into my office.

Kellyanne Conway: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: It doesn't matter. Let me tell you what matters: The economy is the best it's been in many, many decades. And it's going to get a lot better. And the country is doing very well. That's what's important.

Bob Woodward: Yes, sir. I thought I would...

Donald Trump: We're doing a good job.

Bob Woodward: ...never kind of say, let's not talk about this because the book is done to a president...

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know.

Bob Woodward: ...and, but that's the position we're in. And it's one I tried to avoid. You need to know I made maximum effort.

Donald Trump: All right. It's too bad.

Bob Woodward: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: I'm just hearing about it. And I heard -- I did hear from Lindsey, but I'm just hearing about it. So we're going to have a very inaccurate book, and that's too bad. But I don't blame you entirely.

Bob Woodward: No, it's [Inaudible] -- it's going to be accurate, I promise.

Donald Trump: Yeah, okay. Well, accurate is that nobody's ever done a better job than I'm doing as president. That I can tell you. So that's ...And that's the way a lot of people feel that know what's going on, and you'll see that over the years. But a lot of people feel that, Bob.

Bob Woodward: I believe in our country, and because you're our president, I wish you good luck.

Donald Trump: Okay. Thank you very much, Bob. I appreciate it. Bye.