Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-jeff-glor-cbs-news-full-interview-july-14-2018

Jeff Glor: [Segment Aired on Face the Nation, July 15, 2018] I saw the conversation you had with Jens Stoltenberg, which was a very direct conversation. As you approach the meetings with Vladimir Putin coming up, do you expect a similar tone?

Donald Trump: I don't expect anything. I, frankly, don't expect -- I go in with very low expectations. I think that getting along with Russia is a good thing, but it's possible we won't. I think we're greatly hampered by this whole witch-hunt that's going on in the United States, the Russian witch-hunt, the rigged situation.

Donald Trump: I watched some of the testimony, even though I'm in Europe, of Strzok, and I thought it was a disgrace to our country. I thought it was an absolute disgrace, where he wants to do things against me before I was even -- I guess before I was even the candidate.

Donald Trump: It was a disgrace. And then he lied about it and, you know, talking about shutting it down, and we, we. And he says, oh, I meant the American people all of a sudden. He came up with excuses, I guess, give to a lawyer. But everybody laughed at it.

Donald Trump: He was a disgrace to our county. He was a disgrace to the FBI. So, when I look at things like that -- and he led that investigation or whatever you call it.

Donald Trump: I would say that, yes, I think it hurts our relationship with Russia. I actually think it hurts our relationship with a lot of countries. I think it's a disgrace, what's going on.

Donald Trump: And then you look how partisan it is, you look at what's going on where -- and they know. They know that. There's no way he can get away from those horrible texts that he wrote. So, the other side knows, but it's a very partisan thing.

Jeff Glor: The Russians who were indicted, would you ask Putin to send them here?

Donald Trump: Well, I might. I hadn't thought of that, but, certainly, I will be asking about it. But, again, this was during the Obama administration. They were doing whatever it was during the Obama administration.

Donald Trump: And I heard that they were trying or people were trying to hack into the RNC, too, the Republican National Committee, but we had much better defenses. I have been told that by a number of people. We had much better defenses, so they couldn't.

Donald Trump: I think the DNC should be ashamed of themselves for allowing themselves to be hacked. They had bad defenses. And they were able to be hacked. But I heard they were trying to hack the Republicans, too, but -- and this may be wrong -- but they had much stronger defenses.

Jeff Glor: Who is your biggest competitor, your biggest foe globally right now?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we have a lot of foes. I think the European Union is a foe, what they do to us in trade. Now, you wouldn't think of the European Union, but they're a foe. Russia is a foe in certain respects. China is a foe economically, certainly. They're a foe. But that doesn't mean they're bad. It doesn't mean anything.

Donald Trump: It means that they're competitors. They want to do well, and we want to do well. And we're starting to do well. You see what's going on. We have the best employment numbers probably that we have ever had. Black unemployment is the lowest level in history, Hispanic unemployment the lowest level in history, Jeff, women unemployment lowest in 66 years.

Donald Trump: Our numbers are great. Our GDP numbers are far greater than what they thought.

Jeff Glor: A lot of people might be surprised to hear you list the E.U. as a foe before China and Russia.

Donald Trump: No, I look at them all.

Donald Trump: Look, E.U. is very difficult, I want to tell you. Maybe the thing that's most difficult -- don't forget, both of my parents were born in E.U. sectors, OK? I mean, my mother was Scotland. My father was Germany. And, you know, I love those countries. I respect the leaders of those countries.

Donald Trump: But, in a trade sense, they have really taken advantage of us, and many of those countries are in NATO. And they weren't paying their bills. And, you know I, as an example, have a big problem with Germany, because Germany made a pipeline deal with Russia, where they're going to be paying Russia billions and billions of dollars a year for energy.

Donald Trump: And I say that's not good. That's not fair. You're supposed to be fighting for someone, and then that someone gives billions of dollars to the one that you're guarding against? I think it's ridiculous. So, I let that be also known this time.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what. There is a lot of anger at the fact that Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars. There's a lot of anger. I also think it's a very bad thing for Germany, because it's like, what are they, waving a white flag?

Jeff Glor: [Segment Aired CBS This Morning, July 16, 2018] President Bush said that he saw into his soul. I think he came to regret that you said that Putin toyed with Obama. How do you ensure that things are different in this administration?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Look, I've met him two times, two and a half times. Most of you people were there when I met him. I think that I may have a very good relationship and I think I may have a very bad relationship with him. I have no idea.

Donald Trump: I love the United States. He obviously loves Russia. He's for Russia, I'm for the U.S. We'll have to see what comes of it. But I think we have a chance of a very good relationship. I mean the couple of times I've met him we get along very well. I mean, they were very short meetings, but we got along very well. And if I got along with him that's a good thing. You know we're a magnificent, powerful country. They're a very powerful country we're a nuclear country they are a nuclear country. And getting along is a good thing not a bad thing.

Jeff Glor: The Russians who were indicted would you ask Putin to send them here?

Donald Trump: Well I might. I hadn't thought of that but I certainly will be asking about it. But again this was during the Obama administration. They were doing whatever it was during the Obama administration. And I heard that they were trying, or people were trying to hack into the RNC, to the Republican National Committee too. But we had much better defenses. I've been told that by a number of people. We had much better defenses are they couldn't. I think the DNC should be ashamed of themselves for allowing themselves to be hacked.

Jeff Glor: We aske the president what the goal of this meeting was he told me he'd tell us after we also asked about the tone what he'd like this new Tony like to strike in this meeting. He brought up investigations again saying they hamper relations between the U.S. and Russia on a continuing basis. I also did ask the president at one point who he thought America's biggest global foe was at this point.

Jeff Glor: [Segment aired on CBS Evening News, July 16, 2018] Is there a Trump doctrine for the world?

Donald Trump: I would say strength and I would say I'm looking for peace. We're looking for peace all over the world we're looking for peace. We're also looking not to be ripped off as a nation.

Donald Trump: Who's your biggest competitor, the biggest foe, globally, right now.

Donald Trump: Well I think we have a lot of foes. I think the European Union is a foe, what they do to us in trade. Now you wouldn't think of the European Union, but their a foe. Russia's foe in certain respects. China is a foe,  economically certainly are a foe but that doesn't mean they're bad. It doesn't mean anything. It means that they're competitors. They want to do well and we want to do well and we're starting to do well. You see what's going on with the best employment numbers probably that we've ever had. Black unemployment is the lowest level in history. Hispanic unemployment the lowest level in history Jeff. Women unemployment lowest in 66 years.

Jeff Glor: A lot of people might be surprised to hear you list the EU as a foe before China and Russia.

Donald Trump: No. I look at them all. The EU is very difficult. I want to tell you maybe, the thing that's most difficult to figure out -- both my parents were born in the EU sectors, okay? I mean my mother was Scotland. My father was Germany. And, you know, I love those countries. I respect the leaders of those countries. But in a trade sense, they've really taken advantage of us, and many of those countries are in NATO and they weren't paying their bills.

Jeff Glor: What do you see right now is America's role globally?

Donald Trump: Well I think we're perceived as a much stronger nation now than we were two years ago. I think two years ago, we were apologizing for everything. We were not doing certain things that we should have been doing. You look at our trade deals, they were a disaster. We're doing them, and we're going to make them very successful, and we're going to make them fair for our country and other countries. But we were in so many different ways in such bad shape. North Korea you look at us now compared to what we were two years ago. Two years ago they were testing nuclear all over the place. They were shooting missiles. They were shooting rockets. They were shooting all sorts of things.

Jeff Glor: Has Kim Jong un moved quickly enough after the after the summit in your estimation?

Donald Trump: Well, it depends on what. He moved very quickly on hostages. They got the hostages before, you know, before I went. And paid nothing. But I think it was a very smart move on his behalf because it really was a sign of goodwill. I think that you know this has been going on for many many decades. But I'm in no real rush. I mean, whatever it takes it takes in the meantime. Things are happening behind the scenes that are very positive.

Jeff Glor: Just this weekend U.S. and North Korean officials met at the DMZ to discuss repatriating the remains of Americans killed in the Korean War, something Kim Jong-un agreed to do immediately after his June meeting with the President.

Jeff Glor: They promised the remains would come back but they haven't come back yet.

Donald Trump: Well they're in the process of doing it. It doesn't go quickly. It's a complicated process but they're in the process of doing it. In fact, we're sending a two star general over there very shortly to meet one of their two star generals to work on some kind of a process. You know remains are complicated. Some of the remains, they don't even know if they are remains. I know one thing they would like to be able to do it if they can.

Jeff Glor: When you have a chance to reflect on weekends like this and especially coming here since that is the first time as president what does that do?

Donald Trump: Well I had a great life and I must tell you as good as it was I like my current life better as crazy as it sounds. I mean I like it, because I'm doing something for the American people we're really helping this country. Look, you know, it's Make America Great Again. And that's been the theme and that's what the whole thing is and we are making ourselves respected again. We're much more respected as a country.