Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-60-minutes-october-14-2018

Lesley Stahl: When Americans votes in next month's midterm elections. it's like President Trump and his agenda will be motivating them as much as any candidate or local issue on the ballot. Almost two years ago, when we last interviewed then-President-Elect Trump, he seemed surprised that he won, not that he'd ever admit that to us.

Lesley Stahl: Well, when we sat down with him this past Thursday in the White House, we found him confident and boastful as he told us he has learned on the job. He was eager to joust over the issues of the day: the economy, China and Russia, and of course, fake news.

Lesley Stahl: But we started with very real news: the suspected murder of a Saudi journalist, and the catastrophe of Hurricane Michael, which has devastated parts of the Florida panhandle, claiming at least 19 lives, leaving hundreds of thousands without power across the Southeast. Michael comes on the heals of a series of superstorms: Florence in the Carolinas, Maria in Puerto Rico, Harvey in Texas.

Bill Whittaker: The story will continue in a moment.

Lesley Stahl: Do you still think that climate change is a hoax?

Donald Trump: I think something's happening. Something's changing and it'll change back again. I don't think it's a hoax, I think there's probably a difference. But I don't know that it's manmade.

Donald Trump: I will say this. I don't wanna give trillions and trillions of dollars. I don't wanna lose millions and millions of jobs. I don't wanna be put at a disadvantage.

Lesley Stahl: I wish you could go to Greenland, watch these huge chunks of ice just falling into the ocean, raising the sea levels.

Donald Trump: And you don't know whether or not that would have happened with or without man. You don't know.

Lesley Stahl: Well, your scientists, your scientists --

Donald Trump: No, we have --

Lesley Stahl: At NOAA and NASA --

Donald Trump: We have scientists that disagree with that.

Lesley Stahl: You know, I -- I was thinking what if he said, "No, I've seen the hurricane situations, I've changed my mind. There really is climate change." And I thought, "Wow, what an impact."

Donald Trump: Well -- I'm not denying.

Lesley Stahl: What an impact that would make.

Donald Trump: I'm not denying climate change. But it could very well go back. You know, we're talkin' about over a millions --

Lesley Stahl: But that's denying it.

Donald Trump: -- of years. They say that we had hurricanes that were far worse than what we just had with Michael.

Lesley Stahl: Who says that? "They say"?

Donald Trump: People say. People say that in the --

Lesley Stahl: Yeah, but what about the scientists who say it's worse than ever?

Donald Trump: You'd have to show me the scientists because they have a very big political agenda, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: I can't bring them in.

Donald Trump: Look, scientists also have a political agenda.

Lesley Stahl: Jamal Khashoggi, the journalist --

Donald Trump: Yes. Yes.

Lesley Stahl: the Saudi journalist, was he murdered by the Saudis? And did the prince give the order to kill him?

Donald Trump: Nobody knows yet, but we'll probably be able to find out. It's being investigated. It's being looked at very, very strongly. And we would be very upset and angry if that were the case. As of this moment, they deny it. And den -- deny it vehemently. Could it be them? Yes.

Lesley Stahl: Jared, your son-in-law. Got on the phone and asked the prince. Did he deny it? Did he --

Donald Trump: They deny it. They deny it every way you can imagine. In the not-too-distant future, I think we'll know an answer.

Lesley Stahl: What are you options? Let's say they did. What are your options? Would you consider imposing sanctions, as a bipartisan group of senators have proposed?

Donald Trump: Well, it depends on what the sanction is. I'll give ya an example. They are ordering military equipment. Everybody in the world wanted that order. Russia wanted it, China wanted it, we wanted it. We got it.

Lesley Stahl: So would you cut that off --

Donald Trump: I tell you what I don't wanna do. Boeing, Lockheed, Raytheon, all these com -- I don't wanna hurt jobs. I don't wanna lose an order like that. There are other ways of -- punishing, to use a word that's a pretty harsh word, but it's true.

Lesley Stahl: Tell everybody what's at stake here. You know -- -

Donald Trump: Well, there's a lot at stake. There's a lot at stake. And maybe especially so because this man was a reporter. There's something -- you'll be surprised to hear me say that. There's something really terrible and disgusting about that, if that were the case. So we're gonna have to see. We're going to get to the bottom of it and there will be severe punishment.

Lesley Stahl: You've had a string of wins lately. Let's see, the economy, the d -- the trade deal-

Donald Trump: Right.

Lesley Stahl: With Canada and Mexico, Kavanaugh --

Donald Trump: And South Korea.

Lesley Stahl: And South Korea. And Kavanaugh, the confirmation.

Donald Trump: There has been no administration in the history of our country, and I say this openly and proudly, that in its first two years --

Lesley Stahl: Say, this is modesty.

Donald Trump: Well, it's not even that, it's a fact Tax cuts, regulation cuts, the biggest regulations cuts in history.

Lesley Stahl: What about North Korea? Talking about accom --

Donald Trump: Well, I consider it a, so far, great achievement. Look, we --

Lesley Stahl: You say "so far"?

Donald Trump: It's always so far, til everything's done. I -- I -- you know, deals are deals, okay? Whether it's a real estate deal or a retail deal, it doesn't matter. But I will say this. The day before I came in, we were going to war with North Korea. I sat with President Obama --

Lesley Stahl: We were goin' to war?

Donald Trump: -- and -- we were gonna -- I think it was going to end up in war. And my impression is -- and even in my first few months, I mean, that rhetoric was as tough as it could possibly get. Doesn't get any tougher than that. Nobody's ever heard rhetoric that tough. We were going to war with North Korea. Now, you don't hear that. You don't hear any talk of it. And he doesn't wanna go to war, and we don't wanna go to war, and he understands denuclearization and he's agreed to it. And you see that, he's agreed to it. No missiles.

Lesley Stahl: Do you trust him?

Donald Trump: I do trust him, yeah, I trust him. That doesn't mean I can't be proven wrong --

Lesley Stahl: Why would --

Donald Trump: about it?

Lesley Stahl: you trust him?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, if I didn't trust him, I wouldn't say that to you. Wouldn't I be foolish to tell you right here, on 60 Minutes --

Lesley Stahl: Well, remember what Reagan said. "Trust, but verify."

Donald Trump: Sure. I know. It's -- it's very true. But the fact is, I do trust him. But we'll see what happens.

Lesley Stahl: But is it true that they haven't gotten rid of a single weapon, and they may actually be building more missiles-

Donald Trump: They want to --

Lesley Stahl: With nuclear --

Donald Trump: And I will tell you that they're closing up sites.

Lesley Stahl: But --

Donald Trump: Setting it up.

Lesley Stahl: Is what I said true, that they haven't? Gotten --

Donald Trump: Well, nobody really knows. I mean, people are saying that. I've actually said that.

Lesley Stahl: What? That they're still building missiles, more missiles?

Donald Trump: We don't really know, Lesley. We really don't know. But I assume --

Lesley Stahl: Suspect that?

Donald Trump: Let's say the answer is yes, okay? In the meantime, they haven't tested a missile. They haven't tested a rocket. They definitely haven't done a nuclear test because you know about them real fast. It sort of moves the earth. And we have a relationship now.

Lesley Stahl: One of the things that Kim has asked for is for you to ease the sanctions.

Donald Trump: We haven't done that.

Lesley Stahl: Are you prepared to do that? What -- what does he have to do --

Donald Trump: No, No. I --

Lesley Stahl: Before you're --

Donald Trump: No I'm not doing it. This isn't the Obama administration. I haven't eased the sanctions. I haven't done anything. I haven't done anything. We're meeting. I believe he likes me. I like him. We have a good relationship. It's very important.

Donald Trump: [Video Clip] And then we fell in love, okay. No really. He wrote me beautiful letters. And they're great letters. We fell in love. [End Clip]

Lesley Stahl: I wanna read you his resume, okay? He presides over a cruel kingdom of repression, gulags, starvation -- reports that he had his half-brother assassinated, slave labor, public executions. This is a guy you love?

Donald Trump: Sure. I know all these things. I mean -- I'm not a baby. I know these things.

Lesley Stahl: I know, but why do you love that guy?

Donald Trump: Look, look. I -- I -- I like -- I get along with him, okay?

Lesley Stahl: But you love him.

Donald Trump: Okay. That's just a figure of speech.

Lesley Stahl: No, it's like an embrace.

Donald Trump: It well, let it be an embrace. Let it be whatever it is to get the job done.

Lesley Stahl: He's a bad guy.

Donald Trump: Look. Let it be whatever it is. I get along with him really well. I have a good energy with him. I have a good chemistry with him. Look at the horrible threats that were made. No more threats. No more threats.

Lesley Stahl: China.

Donald Trump: I get along with him. It's very important. China, let's go.

Lesley Stahl: I'm skipping across the world here. You've slapped a lot of tariffs --

Donald Trump: $250 billion.

Lesley Stahl: Gonna do more?

Donald Trump: Might. Might.

Lesley Stahl: Round three?

Donald Trump: They wanna negotiate, Lesley. They wanna negotiate.

Lesley Stahl: Are you ready?

Donald Trump: Look.

Lesley Stahl: Are you ready to --

Donald Trump: I have a great chemistry also with President Xi of China. I don't know that that's necessarily going to continue. I told President Xi we cannot continue to have China take $500 billion a year out of the United States in the form of trade and others things.

Lesley Stahl: And how -- how --

Donald Trump: And I said we can't do that, and we're not gonna do that anymore.

Lesley Stahl: How much squeezing of them are you prepared to do when American products are gonna be more expensive for American consumers in the end of all this?

Donald Trump: Okay. Okay. So, so far, that hasn't turned out to be the case.

Lesley Stahl: Some --

Donald Trump: -- if you think about it, so far, I put 25% tariffs on steel dumping, and aluminum dumping 10%.

Lesley Stahl: But they've --

Donald Trump: -- again.

Lesley Stahl: -- retaliated. That's what I'm asking.

Donald Trump: They can retaliate, but they can't -- they don't have enough ammunition to retaliate. We do $100 billion with them. They do $531 billion with us.

Lesley Stahl: Are you trying to sort of push them into a depression?

Donald Trump: No no, although they're down 32 percent in four months, which is 1929.

Lesley Stahl: Well that's what I'm asking.

Donald Trump: I don't want that. No, I don't want that. I want them to negotiate a fair deal with us. I want them to open their markets like our -- our markets are open.

Lesley Stahl: But you're in a --

Donald Trump: And it will be a fair deal --

Lesley Stahl: -- trade war right now. Trade war.

Donald Trump: You call it war, I don't call --

Lesley Stahl: You -- you --

Donald Trump: -- it --

Lesley Stahl: -- you did today.

Donald Trump: I called it a skirmish.

Lesley Stahl: I heard you, you called it a war.

Donald Trump: I called it, actually I called it a battle. But, actually, I'm gonna lower that. I consider it a skirmish. And we're gonna win.

Lesley Stahl: You have also slapped some tariffs on our allies.

Donald Trump: I mean, what's an ally? We have wonderful relationships with a lot of people. But nobody treats us much worse than the European Union. The European Union was formed in order to take advantage of us on trade, and that's what they've done.

Lesley Stahl: But this is hostile.

Donald Trump: And yet, they -- it's not hostile.

Lesley Stahl: It sounds hostile.

Donald Trump: You know what's hostile? The way they treat us. We're not hostile.

Lesley Stahl: No, but can't you deal with --

Donald Trump: We've been -- we've been --

Lesley Stahl: -- them without --

Donald Trump: -- the stupid country for so many years.

Lesley Stahl: Are you willing to get rid of that Western alliance?

Donald Trump: Now, I like NATO, NATO's fine. But you know what? We shouldn't be paying almost the entire cost of NATO to protect Europe. And then on top of that, they take advantage of us on trade. They're not going to do it anymore. They understand that.

Lesley Stahl: Okay, but are, it does seem this, are you willing to disrupt the Western Alliance? It's been going for 70 years. It's kept the peace for 70 years.

Donald Trump: You don't know that. You don't know that.

Lesley Stahl: I don't know what?

Donald Trump: You don't know that.

Lesley Stahl: Is it true General Mattis said to you, "The reason for NATO and the reason for all these alliances is to prevent World War III?"

Donald Trump: No, it's not true.

Lesley Stahl: What's not true?

Donald Trump: Frankly, I like General Mattis. I think I know more about it than he does. And I know more about it from the standpoint of fairness, that I can tell you.

Lesley Stahl: I'm gonna try one more time. Okay.

Donald Trump: I know -- and, Lesley, you don't have to try again. I know exactly what you're saying --

Lesley Stahl: Well, answer my question.

Donald Trump: The answer is this. I will always be there with NATO, but they have to pay their way. I'm fully in favor of NATO, but I don't wanna be taken advantage of.

Lesley Stahl: Putin.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: Okay, people don't understand why you never have a harsh word for Vladimir Putin.

Donald Trump: Okay, you ready?

Lesley Stahl: I don't understand it.

Donald Trump: I have been -- you don't know what I talked about with Putin in the meeting prior to the press conference --

Lesley Stahl: No, I mean publicly. You never say anything harsh about him --

Donald Trump: Excuse me.

Lesley Stahl: -- publicly.

Donald Trump: I didn't? I'm the one that gave Ukraine offensive weapons and tank killers. Obama didn't. You know what he sent? He sent pillows and blankets. I'm the one -- and he's the one that gave away a part of Ukraine where Russia now has this --

Lesley Stahl: Well, I mean him personally Vladimir Putin --

Donald Trump: I think I'm very tough with him personally. I had a meeting with him. The two of us. It was a very tough meeting and it was a very good meeting.

Lesley Stahl: Do you agree that Vladimir Putin is involved in assassinations? In poisonings?

Donald Trump: Probably he is, yeah. Probably. I mean, I don't --

Lesley Stahl: Probably?

Donald Trump: But I rely on them, it's not in our country.

Lesley Stahl: Why not -- they shouldn't do it. This is a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: Of course they shouldn't do it-

Lesley Stahl: Instead do you believe --

Donald Trump: That's your [Inaudible] --

Lesley Stahl: -- do you believe that the Russians interfered in the 2016 campaign election? Our election-

Donald Trump: They -- they meddled. But I think China meddled too.

Lesley Stahl: But why do you --

Donald Trump: And I think other countries --

Lesley Stahl: -- say China meddled too?

Donald Trump: And you wanna know something?

Lesley Stahl: Why do you say Chi -- why don't you just say --

Donald Trump: Well, let me ask you --

Lesley Stahl: -- the Russians meddled?

Donald Trump: Because I think China meddled also. And I think, frankly, China --

Lesley Stahl: This is amazing.

Donald Trump: -- is a bigger problem.

Lesley Stahl: You are diverting the whole Russia thing.

Donald Trump: I'm not doing anything.

Lesley Stahl: You are, you are

Donald Trump: I'm saying Russia, but I'm also saying China.

Lesley Stahl: [Voiceover] But it's the investigation of Russia's intervention in the 2016 election that hangs over his presidency and caused a rift with his Attorney General Jeff Sessions, because he recused himself from the inquiry.

Lesley Stahl: What about the attorney general, Jeff Sessions?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see what happens come midterms. But --

Lesley Stahl: But everybody thinks, given the things you've said --

Donald Trump: I was disappointed that he recused himself and many people think I was right on that. I was very disappointed. Why should he have recused himself? So I was very --

Lesley Stahl: So --

Donald Trump: -- disappointed but --

Lesley Stahl: So can I assume --

Donald Trump: -- we'll see what happens.

Lesley Stahl: Can I assume he's gone?

Donald Trump: No. No. You can't assume that.

Lesley Stahl: Will you. Will you pledge -- pledge that you will not shut down the Mueller investigation?

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I don't pledge anything. But I will tell you, I have no intention of doing that. I think it's a very unfair investigation because there was no collusion of any kind.

Lesley Stahl: But you won't pledge --

Donald Trump: There is no collusion. I don't wanna pledge. Why should I pledge to you? If I pledge, I'll pledge. I don't have to pledge to you. But I have-

Lesley Stahl: Well --

Donald Trump: I have no intention of doing that.

Lesley Stahl: [Voiceover] To date, 32 people have been charged or pled guilty in Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. President Trump's campaign chairman, top campaign aide, former national security advisor and longtime personal attorney are all cooperating in the inquiry the president calls a witch hunt.

Donald Trump: Do you really think I'd call Russia to help me with an election? Give me a break. They wouldn't be able to help me at all. Call Russia. It's so ridiculous.

Lesley Stahl: One thing the president loves to talk about, and for good reason, is the economy. Consumer confidence is higher than it's been in nearly two decades and unemployment, at 3.7 percent, is the lowest in nearly 50 years. And yet, there's an ugly mood in the air.

Donald Trump: We are a country torn by angry, bitter partisan divisions. And there are many who say the president isn't helping. We talked with the president about that, the contentious Kavanaugh hearings, questions of chaos in his administration. And his record so far.

Lesley Stahl: So you've been president for almost two years. Is there anything that you wish you hadn't said, anything you wish you hadn't done? Do you have any regrets?

Donald Trump: So when I won the presidency, I th -- I -- I -- the press treats me terribly. I thought very strongly that, you know, the one great thing will happen is the press will start treating me great. Lesley, they treat me worse. They got worse instead of better. Very dishonest.

Lesley Stahl: Okay, this -- you're -- but you regret?

Donald Trump: I regret that the press treats me so badly --

Lesley Stahl: I'm -- I'm really asking [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: And despite that, my poll numbers are very good, so.

Lesley Stahl: Have you made any mistakes? That's my question.

Donald Trump: Everybody makes mistakes.

Lesley Stahl: And what have been yours?

Donald Trump: I could have been -- earlier with terminating the NAFTA deal. The problem was, I was getting to know the leaders. I was getting to know countries. I didn't wanna do it right outta the box. So I waited a little while, but I could have done trade a little bit earlier.

Lesley Stahl: What about the forced separation of children from their -- migrant children --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, that was --

Lesley Stahl: from the --

Donald Trump: the same as the Obama law. You know, Obama had the same thing.

Lesley Stahl: It was on the books, but he didn't enforce it. You -- enforced it. You launched that -- the zero tolerance policy -- to deter families with children coming --

Donald Trump: No, but then everybody decided and the courts don't want separation. And frankly, when you don't do separa -- when you allow the parents to stay together, okay, when you allow that, then what happens is people are gonna pour into our country.

Lesley Stahl: So are you gonna go back to that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're looking at a lot of things. Really what we wanna do is change the immigration laws, 'cause they were -- they were a laughing stock all over the world.

Lesley Stahl: Are you willing though -- I think that you're saying you're -- it's under consideration.

Donald Trump: No, I want all the laws changed.

Lesley Stahl: But the children specifically --

Donald Trump: there have to be consequences, Lesley, for coming into our country illegally. And part of the r -- I mean, part of the reason, I have to blame myself, the economy is so strong that everybody wants to come into the United States.

Lesley Stahl: Can I just ask this simple question, yes or no.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Lesley Stahl: Are you willing to reinstitute that policy? You said, "We're looking at everything."

Donald Trump: I will --

Lesley Stahl: Yes or no.

Donald Trump: I will only -- I can't -- you can't say yes or no. What I can say is this: There are consequences from coming into a country, namely our country, illegally.

Lesley Stahl: I'm not gonna ask it again --

Donald Trump: You don't have to.

Lesley Stahl: 'cause I know you won't -- it --

Donald Trump: But it's the same as Obama.

Donald Trump: [Video Clip] It is vicious, it's full of lies, deceit and deception. [End Clip]

Lesley Stahl: Okay. Changing subjects again -- you are the first president of the United States who never had a political post before, nor never served in the military. You come up here, you've been here for almost two years, what's the biggest surprise and what have you learned since you've been president?

Donald Trump: Okay. So I always used to say the toughest people are Manhattan real estate guys and blah, blah. Now I say they're babies.

Lesley Stahl: Who's the toughest?

Donald Trump: They're babies, the political people. This is the most deceptive, vicious world. It is vicious, it's full of lies, deceit and deception. You make a deal with somebody and it's like making a deal with -- that table.

Lesley Stahl: Give me an example.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't wanna give you an example. I'm not lookin' to -- in the meantime, nobody's been able to do what I've been able to do. Remember that. When you look at taxes, you look at regulations, you look at -- making deals with other countries. Nobody's been able to do anything like this.

Donald Trump: Actually, most people didn't even try because they knew they didn't have the ability to do it. But it's a very deceptive world. The other thing I've really learned is I never knew how dishonest the media was. I -- I -- and I really mean it. I'm not saying that as a sound bite. I never --

Lesley Stahl: I'd like to --

Donald Trump: Knew how dishonest --

Lesley Stahl: I'm -- I'm gonna change the subject again.

Donald Trump: Well, no, even the way you asked me a question, like, about separation. When I say Obama did it, you don't wanna talk about it.

Lesley Stahl: No, I'm gonna run your --

Donald Trump: When I say I did it, let's make a big deal of it.

Lesley Stahl: I'm gonna run your answer, but you did it four times, so.

Donald Trump: I'm just telling you that you treated me much differently on the subject.

Lesley Stahl: I disagree, but I don't wanna have that fight with you.

Donald Trump: Hey, it's okay --

Lesley Stahl: All right, I'll get in another fight with you --

Donald Trump: Lesley, it's okay. In the meantime, I'm president -- and you're not.

Lesley Stahl: [Voiceover] It's a presidency like no other: he's redefined the office, with a governing style that's more freewheeling in-your-face New York than buttoned-up Washington. He's not shy about trumpeting his victories, but some have come with a cost.

Lesley Stahl: This country is divided, polarized. Within families, there aren't even people who can talk to each other. What does this say about where we are as a country right now, all this division and strife and --

Donald Trump: Yeah -- I think that --

Lesley Stahl: -- anger?

Donald Trump: -- what's going to happen -- I think the economy's bringing people together. It was very polarized under President Obama, unbelievably polarized under President Obama. I can see the country uniting. I can see it. We have people, Democrats, who behaved horribly during the Judge Kavanaugh -- you -- know what I'm saying.

Lesley Stahl: But when you won that.

Donald Trump: -- during the hearings for the Supreme Court, we had senators that behaved horribly.

Lesley Stahl: But when you won, you won. No -- no one is gonna argue with that.

Donald Trump: I won --

Lesley Stahl: You won. And then after you won, instead of saying, "Oh, let's all come together, this is wonderful. Let's heal all of this," you come out and bash the Democrats.

Donald Trump: Well, I bashed their attitude. I bashed their statements --

Lesley Stahl: But why not try to --

Donald Trump: Because they were --

Lesley Stahl: -- bring us together?

Donald Trump: -- so unfair to Judge Kavanaugh. I've never --

Lesley Stahl: But why not --

Donald Trump: seen anything like it.

Lesley Stahl: -- why not try and -- we need to be healed. We need --

Donald Trump: I don't think they want to heal yet, I'll be honest.

Lesley Stahl: Well, you don't wanna --

Donald Trump: I think --

Lesley Stahl: heal yet.

Donald Trump: I -- I -- I saw Hillary Clinton made a really nasty statement. I don't think they wanna be healed. I do wanna heal.

Lesley Stahl: I'm n -- I'm not talking about Democrat -- I'm talking about the country. You go out and you go to Mississippi.

Donald Trump: The famous Mississippi speech?

Donald Trump: [Video Clip] I had one beer. Well, you think it was, nope! It was one beer. Oh good. How did you get home? I don't remember. How did you get there? I don't remember. Where is the place? I don't remember. How many years ago was it? I don't know. I don't know... I don't know... [End Clip]

Lesley Stahl: And you mimicked Professor Blasey Ford. You mimicked her.

Donald Trump: Had I not made that speech, we would not have won. I was just saying she didn't seem to know anything.

Lesley Stahl: No [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: And you're trying to destroy a life of a man who has been extraordinary.

Lesley Stahl: Why did you have to make fun of her?

Donald Trump: I didn't really make fun of her.

Lesley Stahl: Well, they were laughing.

Donald Trump: What I said the person that we're talking about didn't know the year, the time, the place.

Lesley Stahl: Professor Blasey Ford got before the Senate and -- and was asked what's the worst moment. And she said, "When the two boys laughed at me, at my expense."

Donald Trump: Ok, fine.

Lesley Stahl: And then I watched you mimic her and thousands of people were laughing at her.

Donald Trump: They can do what they -- I -- I will tell you this. The way now Justice Kavanaugh was treated has become a big factor in the midterms. Have you seen what's gone on with the polls?

Lesley Stahl: But did you have to --

Donald Trump: Well, I think she was treated with great respect, I'll -- I'll --

Lesley Stahl: And -- but --

Donald Trump: be honest with you.

Lesley Stahl: but do you think -- you treated her with --

Donald Trump: There are those that think she shouldn't have --

Lesley Stahl: Do you think you treated her with respect?

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah. I did.

Lesley Stahl: But you seem to be saying that she lied.

Donald Trump: W -- you know what? I'm not gonna get into it because we won. It doesn't matter. We won.

Lesley Stahl: [Voiceover] Ever since the Mississippi speech, he's been out campaigning, rallying his supporters for the midterm elections. But back in Washington, he's had to deal with reports of internal strife in his administration.

Lesley Stahl: The anonymous column that ran in "The New York Times." The author, we don't know who it is. Whoever it is.

Donald Trump: Whoever it is. Maybe it was "The New York Times" too.

Lesley Stahl: Paints a picture.

Donald Trump: No, no, it's -- By the way, you don't know how dishonest "The New York Times" is. It could've been "The New York Times." I doubt it. But it could've been.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. I doubt it too.

Donald Trump: It also could've been any -- w -- well, don't count on it. It also could've been any one of 3,000 people.

Lesley Stahl: [Voiceover] The anonymous op-ed column told of a "resistance" within the Trump Administration, who've questioned his fitness for office.

Lesley Stahl: You have said that this administration is like a smooth-running machine. And yet, we keep hearing that the White House is in chaos.

Donald Trump: It's -- wrong, it's so false. It's fake news. I'm changing things around. And I'm entitled to. I have people now on standby that will be phenomenal. They'll come into the administration, they'll be phenomenal.

Lesley Stahl: More people gonna go?

Donald Trump: Yeah, other people will go, sure.

Lesley Stahl: 'Cause so many people, you have kind of a record of -- on turnover.

Donald Trump: I think I have a great Cabinet. There're some people that I'm not happy with.

Lesley Stahl: Who are you not happy with?

Donald Trump: No, I don't wanna say that but

Lesley Stahl: Come on.

Donald Trump: Not I don't want to say that. But I have some people that I'm not thrilled with. And I have other people that I'm beyond thrilled with.

Lesley Stahl: What about General Mattis? Is he going to leave?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. He hasn't told me that. I have --

Lesley Stahl: Do you want him to --

Donald Trump: -- a very good relationship with him. It could be that he is. I think he's sort of a Democrat, if you wanna know the truth. But General Mattis is a good guy. We get along very well. He may leave. I mean, at some point, everybody leaves. Everybody. People leave. That's Washington.

Lesley Stahl: The first lady, Melania. She said that there are still people in the White House that she doesn't trust and that you shouldn't trust.

Donald Trump: I feel the same way. I don't trust everybody in the White House, I'll be honest with you.

Lesley Stahl: You go to a meeting, do you have to wonder, "Is he wearing a wire -- "

Donald Trump: I'm usually --

Lesley Stahl: -- or whatever?

Donald Trump: Not so much a wire. I'm usually guarded. And I think I'm guarded anyway. But I'm not saying I trust everybody in the White House. I'm not a baby. It's a tough business. This is a r -- this is a vicious place. Washington DC is a vicious, vicious place. The attacks, the -- the bad mouthing, the speaking behind your back. -- but -- you know, and in my way, I feel very comfortable here.

Lesley Stahl: It takes a president a while to find his sea legs.

Donald Trump: I think so. I mean, I felt comfortable at the beginning, other than it was a little surreal to say I'm the president of the United States, but I think that's true with everybody.

Lesley Stahl: POTUS.

Donald Trump: Now I very much feel like POTUS. I do. I feel like the president. You know, for a little while, it's like -- "Mr. President, sir." It's -- even my friends, they call me, they -- they don't call me Donald -- they call me Mr. President. And I say, "Will you please loosen up?" I've learned on the job. I have.

Lesley Stahl: And you feel comfortable?

Donald Trump: I feel very comfortable, yeah.