Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-charles-benson-wtmj-milwaukee-june-28-2018

Charles Benson: Mr. President, good to see you again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Charles Benson: Thank you very much for making time for us.

Donald Trump: It's my honor. For you, it's my honor.

Charles Benson: Well, thank you.

Donald Trump: You've always been fair.

Charles Benson: When you say ready, all right. Well the last time you... last time you and I talked, we were at the White House in the Oval Office and I asked you, are you coming to Foxconn? And you said, right away, I'm going to be there.

Donald Trump: I don't mess around.

Charles Benson: Why did you want to be here? Why is this groundbreaking so important?

Donald Trump: So Foxconn is one of the great companies of the world. They're building this incredible plant, a plant like, practically, I would say, we don't have in our country. You know, they make all of the... most of the things for Apple.

Donald Trump: And Tim Cook was telling me he,... I said Tim, until you do this, until you get something done, meaning get the people that make the Apple product, I will never consider myself a success, economically, with respect to the presidency, and Foxconn came up. They're an incredible company they're building an incredible plant.

Donald Trump: And, you'll see, I guess it's 14... 15,000 jobs. And I was very involved. I actually recommended Wisconsin I recommended it very strongly, and I have to tell you, Scott Walker has done a fantastic job, because I handed the ball to him. He took it over. I actually picked the site from a helicopter.

Charles Benson: I remember that I was here when you were here in April...

Donald Trump: I picked the site. So I'm very proud of the work that I gave the ball to Scott and he got it done. Very few people can do that.

Charles Benson: Well let me ask you about that, because Foxconn is investing $10 billion, but taxpayers here will have to put up $4.5 billion. You often talk about the... negotiating a good deal. Some Democrats think it's a bad deal, it's not worth that kind of money. Is it a good deal?

Donald Trump: Well I think it's going to be great, because they're going to expand. I know all about Foxconn. It's one of the great companies of the world. And they're going to be expanding, and they will go step-by-step, and it'll go quickly too. It's going to go very quickly. They're already talking about expanding. It's an incredible thing for Wisconsin to get.

Donald Trump: Now, a Democrat, is always going to say that. You could make the deal ten times better, and they're going to say, oh gee, you could have done better. The fact is the deal he made is incredible. The deal that Wisconsin made, because every state in the union, virtually, wanted, yet Foxconn, and Wisconsin has it, so that's a big deal.

Charles Benson: Today, as you motorcade down to Racine County, the men and women in blue or the Milwaukee Police Department will be riding Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Donald Trump: Yeah

Charles Benson: You know, there's a lot of pride in Milwaukee for Harley. Why you're concerned about what's happening right now with tariffs and trade with Harley-Davidson?

Donald Trump: Well, what we're doing is other nations have been really hurting this country. They're taking advantage of the United States. We have massive trade deficits with China, with the European Union, with, frankly, Mexico, with a lot of them, and we're reversing that, and reversing it very quickly.

Donald Trump: And in fact, I was the one, two years ago, when... a year ago, was telling Harley, why are you paying tariffs like that with respect to India, because India was judging them 100 percent tariff. And we were doing that, and then I was very disappointed because we're bringing trade right back down, we're balancing it out, and we're getting taxes way down. You watch what happens very soon.

Donald Trump: So I was disappointed in Harley, because I like Harley, and I was disappointed that they would be moving some of their operation to another country. I don't like that. Now, no President has ever said that before, because I guess you're not supposed to say it. But I can say it. I'm disappointed in Harley Davidson. I don't like him leaving this country.

Charles Benson: They share your passion, though, about being made in America. I'm sure the governor is talking to you about it. I'm sure House Speaker Paul Ryan... where's this going do you think? How will it end?

Donald Trump: Oh, we're going to have tremendous success. We've been robbed by many countries. Many of these are allies and friends and, frankly, some of our friends treated us on trade worse than the enemies. We will have that straightened out fairly quickly. I'm... look, the longer it takes, the better the deal we're going to make for our country.

Donald Trump: Our farmers are precluded from making deals. You know it's very hard for our farmers, and as an example, to sell into Canada, and yet Canada sells into us. It's all taking place. It's all good. We have countries calling us right now, really, wanting to make deals, and we're going to make great deals. But we had the worst trade deals of any country anywhere in the world, no matter where you looked.

Donald Trump: Every country was ripping us, and we're not going to let that happen anymore. And we're on the way to getting it back. We've already made a deal with South Korea. That's a tremendous... I mean, much better than what it was. And you'll see what happens.

Charles Benson: Alright, we'll see you down at Foxconn.

Donald Trump: Have a good time. See you later. Bye.

Charles Benson: Take care. Thank you.