Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-cape-girardeau-mo-november-5-2018

Sean Hannity: I hate to do this, but what the President of the United States walks in -- this is yours, sir. How are you?

Donald Trump: I'm very good.

Sean Hannity: You're not even tired, are you?

Donald Trump: I'm not that tired. I'm excited, because we had an incredible day today in Ohio --

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- we had an incredible time in Indiana. And now we're with you.

Sean Hannity: You left nothing on the field. 11 stops, 11 cities, and --

Donald Trump: You know, but I feel very guilty about interrupting Judge Jeanine. [Laughter] I don't like doing that.

Sean Hannity: She'll give you an earful about it, probably soon. The closing arguments seemed to be the same I just started my show tonight, and I said, this is where we were two years ago. This is the record of Obama.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: By the way, the biggest joke I saw this weekend is him saying, a guy that said, you didn't build that. I started this and I'm like, no.

Donald Trump: Nah, it's ridiculous. It is. Frankly, if their agenda kept going forward, meaning if the other side had won, we would have been down 4.2, or six or seven -- we were going down. It was very bad when I took it over. And if we didn't open it up and cut regulations, the whole Obama thing would have collapsed it. It would have been a disaster.

Sean Hannity: 4.5 million jobs in less than two years.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. Four million Americans out of poverty. A path towards energy independence. You spent three and a half billion on the border wall, and I know you're disappointed. You want the rest.

Donald Trump: Well, I want to build it one time, and you need it, and you see it. But now we have the -- the incredible military forces out there, and they're putting up barbed wire fences. We have a barbed wire wall, and you see that, what they're doing. Highest level, and we are making it very strong.

Donald Trump: We're making it very -- you know, the whole thing, in terms of the military plus, the back wall, plus the barbed wire, plus we have a lot of digging going on, a lot of trenching, and people aren't going to come into our country without going through the legal process. You can't do that. Otherwise, you have no country.

Sean Hannity: Yeah, but you keep saying, we want you to come, just come legally.

Donald Trump: The whole plan of the Democrats, I got 700 billion, 700 billion for the military. The next year I got 716. We've totally rebuilt our military. But they fight like you've never seen to make sure we don't build a wall. And I've got 1.6 billion, another 1.6 billion and the third 1.6 billion. I'm building it in nice large pieces.

Donald Trump: But I'd like to build it all at one time. Their whole plan is to try and make sure that we don't build the wall. That's their whole thing. The number is peanuts compared to what we did with a military. That was very important.

Sean Hannity: Did you study, last week? $70,000 per illegal immigrant in this country --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Sean Hannity: -- that we pay. That's not, you know, that's education, health care --

Donald Trump: Sean, we lose -- we lose a hundred billion dollars a year on illegal immigration. We lose that in one year. If you spent the money to build the wall, it's just a tiny fraction of one year. We're going to build it, but that's not -- we are very strong now, and we have the worst laws anywhere in the country.

Donald Trump: Catch and release, visa lottery, all of these laws are a disaster. We have the worst laws. We've got to get them changed. The Democrats won't give us any votes. We need Democratic votes. You can't -- we don't have enough Republicans, or unless we elect a lot of Republicans tomorrow.

Donald Trump: But I will say that we're doing really well on illegal immigration, considering we have the worst laws you've ever seen. We're moving thousands of MS-13 out of the country. They're being put into jails, and being sent out of the country, and frankly, in a lot of ways, I like out of the country more, because putting them into jail -- let them solve it. But we've moved thousands of MS-13 gang members. We moved them out of the country.

Sean Hannity: We have close races in Florida. You were down -- I was watching you last night in Florida. Indiana, you take the libertarian out, Joe Donnelly loses by 10. Montana, now, you have the Republican, Rosendale up by three.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: You have, in this state. Josh Hawley up by three. You have, in Nevada, Dean Heller holding on by three or four. Arizona, I don't know how a woman that supports, you know, Americans fighting with the Taliban even gets 5 percent of the vote. But it's apparently a little tight race with Martha McSally, a war hero.

Donald Trump: I think Martha is great. She is a hero. She flies -- she's one of the best fighter pilots. I mean, she was really good. I spoke to some of the people that went with her, and were with her, and they said she was tremendous as a pilot. I don't know how she could possibly lose the other one with -- that she's just terrible.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you talk about border walls, the other one doesn't want any border walls, she doesn't want any protection. Nothing. But I think Martha's going to do well, and I think North Dakota is going to do well. Florida is a very, very close race and it's inconceivable, because, Bill Nelson --

Sean Hannity: It's always close in Florida. It wasn't that close for you though in Florida. You did okay in Florida, so --

Donald Trump: No, we -- we did great. But Bill Nelson is a terrible senator. He never called me.

Sean Hannity: You never -- it was funny, in the speech the other night, you said, I've never talked to him. And then he took credit.

Donald Trump: He never called me. He's never once -- he's never once called me saying can I have something for the people of Florida? Never once. Two years, almost two years, whereas, I must say, Rick Scott. That's all he does is call.

Sean Hannity: He rolls up his sleeve -- sleeves.

Donald Trump: He wants things. Look at the great job he did with the hurricanes. I mean, he did a fantastic job. Lake Okeechobee, they had a big problem.

Sean Hannity: Mmm hmm.

Donald Trump: He's taking care of Lake Okeechobee. But Bill Nelson, the current senator, never calls. So hopefully, for the good of the people of Florida, and also, I have to say, Ron DeSantis has this has to be governor. You can't let --

Sean Hannity: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- a man, ran Tallahassee into the ground. Highest murder rate they've ever. Corrupt, crime ridden. It's -- you can't let him be the governor of Florida. That would be a disaster. Ron DeSantis -- Harvard, Yale, good guy, hard worker I think he's going to be a great governor. But it's a very close race.

Sean Hannity: You want to make a closing argument. You know it's interesting, because I watched the media. They're trying to define this as the Trump midterm. They kind of forgot --

Donald Trump: Unless we win. In which case, they'll go away.

Sean Hannity: No then -- then they'll go to Russia. They'll go back --

Donald Trump: They'll go back to Russia.

Sean Hannity: But it was funny. Bill Clinton lost about 54 seats in the House. Obama lost 60 some-odd seats in the House. I love how Nate Silver, who said you had a 20 % chance of winning on the day of the election, you know, predicting, oh 85%.

Sean Hannity: But then, you read the article, it says, oh they could be anywhere between 15 and 60. I could predict 15 and 60. I don't have to do any, you know, polls to find that out. So, it's the American people that decide. It's getting out in midterms. It --

Donald Trump: There is something going on though, Sean. I leave Ohio, thousands and thousands of people can't get into this massive arena. I just left Indiana, thousands and thousands of people outside can't get -- there's something going on, there's an electricity that feels like 2016.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, I on the way in here -- it was pouring all day here, for hours. I went out for an hour. I'm actually sweating more than I like -- almost like Marco Rubio that day, and I like Marco, don't misunderstand me.

Sean Hannity: But I went out there an hour before the show and the crowd is electric. Every hat I sound -- signed, it wasn't a Hannity hat. I wish I had a di -- a penny for every one of the make America great hats I signed today. But every hat was soaking wet. There's a bigger crowd outside than there is inside.

Donald Trump: True. It's packed.

Sean Hannity: What do you want to say to the Americans -- we have about 30 more seconds, am I right on the ti --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm just --

Sean Hannity: I have 90 seconds, okay.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm just honored, because no matter where I go, it's the same way. It's not like just in Ohio, or just in Indiana, or just right here in Missouri. I'm so honored by it. There's something going on, and it reminds me of two years ago, when I knew something was going on, and you knew it, by the way --

Sean Hannity: I was there.

Donald Trump: -- and people that were with us knew it. They would looking at each other. I remember, I'll never forget, two, sort of anti-reporters were looking at each other as I was making this speech, with 32,000 people. They were going well. Look, that was a great time, and I think this is going to be a great time.

Sean Hannity: Election day, I actually called you. I said you're going to get bad news about 5:30 -- 5:15 that afternoon. You lost Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. And you won them all. Polls don't mean anything, do they? All that matters is tomorrow.

Donald Trump: That's right. I lost them -- I lost them based on the fake news.

Sean Hannity: Fake news.

Donald Trump: But about two hours later when they counted the actual votes, we went very easily.

Sean Hannity: The home of Rush Limbaugh.

Donald Trump: Oh yeah, great guy.

Sean Hannity: And Cape Girardeau is -- is hometown America for you.

Donald Trump: Right, right. Right.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President. Good luck.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Sean.

Sean Hannity: You've put it all -- you left it all on the field.

Donald Trump: Well, we did. We did.

Sean Hannity: And that's the way it should be.

Donald Trump: We did, and I think, it's going to be an interesting day --

Sean Hannity: You missed the monologue tonight, it was --

Donald Trump: I did -- No, I saw it on the plane. Actually, I saw it on the plane.

Sean Hannity: Oh [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I never miss your opening monologue.

Sean Hannity: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I would never do that.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, good luck.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Great to be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Sean Hannity: We appreciate it. All right, we're out of time. Let not your heart be troubled. News continues. Laura Ingraham is standing by. Laura, how are you? You want to say hi to the President.

Laura Ingraham: Hi Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi Laura.

Laura Ingraham: Are -- are you -- are you going to get close this or what?

Sean Hannity: She's saying hi.

Donald Trump: She is really a -- you're doing -- you are doing some job. We're very proud of her.

Sean Hannity: She's laughing. Why do you -- why do you always get the compliments, all the time? You got the interview last week? You get the compliments --

Laura Ingraham: Oh my God.

Sean Hannity: -- and, you know, here I am -- I'm soaking wet.

Laura Ingraham: I don't know who is more competitive, you or the President. It's a tie, okay? The two most competitive people ever.

Sean Hannity: She doesn't know who is more competitive, me or you. I'm competitive.

Laura Ingraham: Oh my gosh. You guys --

Sean Hannity: I'll say this.

Laura Ingraham: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: I think everyone has met their match. I don't think anyone has your energy level. You love this. You really love this.

Donald Trump: Well, I love what we're doing for the country. I love what we're doing for the people. It's turned around. We're rebuilding our military. Our vets now have Veterans Choice, which they've never had. 44 years they were trying to get it. We're just doing a good job, and we have the strongest economy we've ever had in the history of our country, and you know that.

Sean Hannity: I went through every record. One question you want me to ask the President on your behalf, Laura? Go ahead.

Laura Ingraham: Mr. President. The American people are, I think, desperate for calm and unity. What message tonight are you going to give to them, as we move forward looking to the horizon of the future in this country?

Sean Hannity: American people looking for calm and unity. This is a divided country in many ways. What message do you have for America?

Donald Trump: Well, I think success will do that. I think we have to get over this election, see how it comes out. It will be an interesting time, but I think -- and I really think we have to do that first. I think success is going to do -- we're having the most successful time financially, economically that we've ever had. I think that's going to bring a lot of people together. It's going to start.

Sean Hannity: Okay, Mr. President, thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Laura, have a great show.