Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-kevin-wall-nevada-talk-network-october-20-2018

Kevin Wall: Fun-lovers and truth-seekers, you who have come to the right place. It's live and local now all across the state of Nevada. President Trump traveled to Nevada for the, what, 12th time. Huge crowd in Elko. Turned out for what I call a hanger rally, with Air Force One as a stunning backdrop to the speech.

Kevin Wall: How was the president received? Well, joining us now, the guy that did the speech: the 45th president of the United States Donald J. Trump. Mr. President you're back in Nevada for the 12th time, believe it or not, and you're supporting the re-election of Senator Dean Heller. Can you talk a little bit about your relationship with Dean, how it has evolved?

Kevin Wall: You admitted, I know, during the Last Vegas rally that I was at, that there was a time not too long ago when you guys didn't -- didn't like each other. What changed --

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't know Dean, and I had just started running for office, and then I ran for office and I had nothing -- I really didn't know very much about him, other than he was known as a strong guy, and a smart guy. But I didn't know him, and he didn't know me. And I think, instinctively, maybe we didn't like each other very much.

Donald Trump: And there was never much of a relationship, and then I got elected, and I had to start working with senators and others, and Dean was right at the forefront. He was fantastic, and we actually become friends, and that's why I'm out here today, to support Dean Heller, and also Adam Laxalt, who's going to be a terrific governor.

Donald Trump: They have to -- they have to win. It's very important. You know, when the federal government works with people, you have to -- you have to be able to get along with those people. So Dean's relationship with me has really evolved, and I think it's been very, very special. Very great. We even flew out here together.

Kevin Wall: I noticed that -- I noticed the two of you getting off the -- getting off Air Force One together.

Donald Trump: Right.

Kevin Wall: You took a lot of flack from Democrats in the last week, for describing their party as a quote, angry mob. Now in the last few days, here in Nevada, I think you probably know about this by now. We had a Democrat operative physically assault Adam Laxalt's campaign manager.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Kevin Wall: Do you do you have any regrets at introducing the term mob into our political lexicon, or is it just brutally honest?

Donald Trump: No, it's honest, and wouldn't you be shocked if I said I had regret? Would you be surprised if I said Oh, I feel --

Kevin Wall: I would be shocked.

Donald Trump: -- You would be -- you'd probably turn off the interview and say, "That's not Trump." That's somebody else.

Kevin Wall: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: No, I, I no -- no interest, no interest in that at all. I will tell you, they've become angry. They've become bitter. And you saw that with the hearings, and actually you start with Neil Gorsuch, Justice Gorsuch hearing, but to an extent that was at least within the bounds of taste. This last situation, what they did with Brett Kavanaugh, was -- was just one of the worst things I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: And it was all fiction, made up stuff. They tried to ruin his life, his family, his kids. He's got these two beautiful, wonderful daughters. And what they did to him -- and I think that's one of the reasons the Republican Party is so totally energized. I mean, I've never seen anything like it. And I think the rallies help also, the rallies that I've been doing.

Donald Trump: You know, you see the spirit. But I really believe that the way they treated Justice Kavanaugh has been -- while horrible, it's really helped the Republican Party.

Kevin Wall: Again, the president of the United States joining us on our City National Bank Guest Hotline, joining us from Elko where he just got off the stage. It looks like the so-called caravan, with over, what, 4,000 Central American migrants, has been turned around at the Mexican border. I want to know how you did this? I -- no other presidents ever been able to work with Mexico like this.

Donald Trump: No. No other president's been able to do that because, I think, they respect me, and I respect them. I don't think they had any respect for our previous leaders, and they respect me and they know I'm not playing games. And I called them, and I said, really I would appreciate your help. This can't happen.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, they have to travel over a thousand miles up through Mexico. So Mexico is able to do a lot. And frankly, you know, we talked to Honduras. We said, we're paying you millions and millions of dollars in aid, in one case, $300 million, that's a lot of money, by the way, and we're giving aid to these countries, and they're allowing this to happen, and we said we're not going to let you do this.

Donald Trump: And it stopped. El Salvador also, it stopped. And Mexico, though, in particular has been fantastic. We really appreciate it.

Kevin Wall: Mr. President, I know we have a limited amount of time. I got one final question. It's a point of personal privilege for me. I want to ask a personal question, and I put it to your son Eric earlier this week on my show here.

Donald Trump: Good.

Kevin Wall: He was a guest on my program. How do you get up every morning and fight for all of us, when every day you are battling the fake news media, resistance, the deep state, and even folks within your own party.

Donald Trump: I know.

Kevin Wall: How -- they're all hell bent on destroying your administration. How do you do it?

Donald Trump: They are hell bent. It's -- it's terrible, and you know, you think they'd like low taxes. You'd think they'd like a strong military, good education, all the things we're doing. But I guess it's something beyond that. I really enjoy it only because we're achieving. If we weren't winning, I think I'd probably be like anybody else would be, because the attack is so vicious.

Donald Trump: The New York Times -- I could do the greatest thing in the world, and they would make it look bad. I could do, you know, between the Washington Post, The New York Times ABC, NBC, CBS. CNN is just ridiculous. It, it... people aren't even watching it anymore, it's so ridiculous. Their ratings are down the tubes.

Donald Trump: But, you know, when we -- when you win, Kevin, you know this because you've been doing great for a long time. Your ratings are phenomenal, and you've been doing great. So you know about winning, because in your business, it's all about the ratings, unfortunately, or fortunately. When you win, you feel a little bit differently.

Donald Trump: We have done more and completed more than any administration, the first two years, and we're still, you know, really three months shy of that. Two and a half months shy of that. So we still have a ways to go, but we have in two years we have done more than any other administration in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And that makes me happy. So we have to fight these artificial forces, and real forces. I mean, they're real forces. They make up Russia stuff, and they do so many different things, and we fight it, but we're winning. And we're really achieving something great for the people of this country. That makes me happy.

Kevin Wall: Mr. President, thanks so much for all you've done for our country, for our state. Safe travels as you continue on this, what, five state tour. Hope we can talk again real soon. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you for being so nice. Thank you Kevin. And I look forward to seeing you again. Thanks a lot.