Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-melendez-pretending-to-be-senator-june-28-2018

Note: John Melendez, on his "The Stuttering John Podcast", presented to be first an aide to Senator Bob Menendez (D-NJ), then the Senator himself to reach Doald Trump on the phone. This was under false pretenses. While the Interview claims to be Bob Menendez, there is no indicator Donald Trump himself knew he was not speaking to the Senator, nor that he was in on the joke. Please view the transcript with that information in mind.

Operator: Sir, your call is connected.

Donald Trump: Hi Bob.

John Melendez: Hey, how are you?

Donald Trump: How are you? Congratulations on everything. We're proud of you. Congratulations, great job. You went through a tough, tough situation and not I think a very fair situation. But congratulations.

John Melendez: Thank you so much. And I'm sorry to bother you, Mr. President, but honestly my constituents are giving me a lot of beef about this immigration thing. I know that you didn't something really noble, like, you know, by trying to, you know, put kids back with their families, but I have to answer to that. What can I tell them that you're going to do moving forward?

Donald Trump: Well Bob, let me just tell you, I want to be able to take care of the situation every bit as much as anybody else. At the top level, I'd like to do the larger solution rather than the smaller solution. You know... they're doing it step-by-step. I think we can do the whole thing.

Donald Trump: I have a good relationship with the party. You have a good relationship with the party, and I think we can do a real immigration bill. We have to have security at the border. We have to have it. I mean, look, you have... 60% of the country says we have to have security at the border. And that's because [Inaudible] you Bob. It's not like it's good for you or good for me. It's good for both of us. [Crosstalk] you know, of the problem.

John Melendez: No, I understand that. But, no but I am Hispanic. So I have to, you know I have to, you know I have to,  I'm sorry, but I have them, I have to look after my people as well. You understand.

Donald Trump: I agree. I agree. So Bob, here's what... let me do this. I'm on Air Force One. I'm just coming back from an amazing rally in North Dakota actually.

John Melendez: Yeah I saw the speech. I saw the speech.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible], you know it's a tough, it's a tough road. Say it again.

John Melendez: No, I saw the speech, and I thought it was, I thought it was a great speech. [Crosstalk] If I could just ask you one more thing, Mr. President. As far as the new Justice. I'm sure you heard, I'm sure you know that Justice Kennedy is retiring. And, you know, Justice... Justice Kennedy was a Reagan appointee. Are you, I'm begging you, are you going to go more moderate, or do you think you're going to go more conservative?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't looked... I mean I have a list of people. I have a big list of people Bob, and we'll take a look at it, and we're going to make a decision, I'll probably make it over the next couple of weeks.

John Melendez: Because I promise you, you will have my vote... I will help you if you don't go too, too conservative. You know what I'm saying?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well we will talk to you about it. We're gonna probably make a decision, Bob, over the next two weeks. We'll have, I think we're gonna have... we have some really great choices, and be done over the next 12 to 14 days.

John Melendez: Well, the point is, keep me informed. Good luck on the trip, and thank you so much for taking my call.

Donald Trump: You take care. I will speak to you soon, Bob. Take care of yourself.

John Melendez: Alright thanks. Thanks Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you Bob. I'll talk to you soon. Bye.

John Melendez: Alright. Baba booey to you.