Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-kvly-fargo-north-dakota-june-27-2018

Donald Trump: [Interview begins in progress] state. It's a special state, I have so many friends here. Kevin Cramer is running and I think Kevin Cramer is going to do really well. He is respected so much in Washington, in DC. He's helped us with tax cuts, he's helped us with everything. Worked on health care and done a great job, as you know. And he loves the people, he loves the people here and he loves the people of the country so, and I can't normally do this, but I wanted to do this in honor of Kevin Cramer and his family.

Chris Berg: Thank you for being here. Big news today with Justice Kennedy retiring.

Donald Trump: Yes, Yes.

Chris Berg: You tweeted recently that Heidi Heitkamp was always a no when you needed her, but she did vote for Gorsich. Do you think you can get her vote, if you can get a vote before the election on this?

Donald Trump: Well she's been a no. I mean she voted no on the tax cuts. The fact is that they go along with Pelosi and Schumer, and now add to that Maxine Waters, this... she seems to be a new leader in the in the Democrats and she's been a no in almost everything, and I just can't rely on that. We need... we have great things that we are doing and we're putting forward.

Donald Trump: And the people of North Dakota love what we are doing and we can't have the no votes. You know, we have 51 right now, which is really not a majority. You know, it's essentially not a majority, because of the 51, you can't... right.

Chris Berg: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You lose one and all of the sudden you can't win so we need Kevin so badly, and I think it's gonna happen. I see the enthusiasm, you see the people here tonight

Chris Berg: We love you.

Donald Trump: -- and it's a special place I appreciate what you just said.

Chris Berg: Quick question sir, FBI over Peter Strock testified today in front of a house committee. The news is, is that Bob Muller hasn't even interviewed him about this. Does that confirm your idea that this is a witch hunt?

Donald Trump: Yeah it does, I'm not even that surprised. Normally, you would be shocked at a thing like that but I'm not that surprised. It's terrible. And what Strock did -- and don't forget: he was with Bob Mueller for over a year. Somebody said fired. Well he fired because they found out. But he was with him for over a year, and I heard it was just an embarrassment today what happened. So, yeah, I'm not... I'm not surprised to hear it. I should be surprised, but I'm not.

Chris Berg: Last question sir to our farmers. They are a little bit nervous about the tariffs. What do you say to the great farmers here?

Donald Trump: First of all they are great patriots. Just hang in there a little while. We are doing the tariffs, They're negotiating with us. If you look at Canada, they've shut you out, and you see what's happening. You look at the European Union, you can't sell your product in there, or it's very hard to, and they tax you, and they barrier you. You know, they put these non-monetary barriers up, and they are ridiculous.

Donald Trump: Hang in. We are going to open up the markets like you've never seen before. Don't forget: farmers have been flat lining and even going down over 15 years. We're going to get it so they go up. That's what I want. They have to hang in with me just for a little while. I've been very successful at doing this stuff.

Chris Berg: God bless you. Thank you.