Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-geraldo-rivera-september-24-2018

Geraldo Rivera: I am very honored to welcome to the program my very first guest to my very first program, a man who has been a friend for decades. He happens also to be the 45th President of the United States, President Donald J. Trump. Thank you so much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you and congratulations on the new show. That's great. It'll be successful. Knowing you, it'll be successful.

Geraldo Rivera: I appreciate that. I appreciate your -- you live in the middle of a hurricane. Your life is so different than it -- than it was when you were simply a billionaire businessman. I picked up in The New York Times today and I'm reading about Rod Rosenstein, your deputy attorney general. He told Andrew G. McCabe -- I'm reading from the Times -- then the acting FBI director, that he might be able to persuade Attorney General Jeff Sessions and John F.

Geraldo Rivera: Kelly, then Secretary of Homeland Security, and now the White House chief of staff, to try to recruit support for your removal under the 25th Amendment. I said to myself, when I read that, what the hell is this revenge of the nerd? Or is this a palace coup? What's your reaction to what Rod Rosenstein has done? It was a year ago, but my goodness, this is very profound, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's a very sad story, and people are obviously -- we are looking into it, but it's a very sad state of affairs when something like that can happen. And, you know, I say to everybody, that nobody's done, and you -- you've actually said it. Nobody's done what I've done in the first two years as a president, between the economy, which is the best economy we've ever had as a nation. The regulation cuts, the many, many appointments of judges that will be a record-setting appointment of judges.

Donald Trump: And hopefully, we'll have a second judge very shortly, who has a fantastic -- fantastic man, a fantastic talent and intellect. Hopefully, Brett Kavanaugh will go onto the Supreme Court, in addition to Neil Gorsuch, and what we've done, and you know, you take a look at North Korea, when I started with North Korea. You know that before I got there, it was close to war. And now we have very good relationships, and it's working along and it's going actually faster than anybody would understand

Geraldo Rivera: But will you fire Rod Rosenstein based on this treachery?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to comment on it until I get all the facts. I haven't gotten all the facts. But certainly, it's being looked at in terms of what took place -- if anything took place -- and I'll make a determination sometime later. But I don't have the facts.

Geraldo Rivera: But aren't you -- I mean, it seems to me, I mean, I... I really, I feel deep affection for you, and I regret the fact that you have the worst press of any president ever. Everything you say or do is construed in the most evil way possible, and now apparently, you know, it seems that there are people in your own inner circle, some -- this guy's in charge of the Russia collusion investigation for goodness sake, and he's ready to stab you in the back. I mean, you must be unsettled about it.

Donald Trump: I'm not unsettled about anything, but I'll tell you what, we are looking at it, and it is you know, he was he was hired by Jeff Sessions. I was not involved in that process because, you know, they go out and they get their own deputies, and the people that work in that department and Jeff Sessions hired him. We are looking at it Geraldo. It's very early. We just read the reports of, you know, very shortly very, you know, the various reports that came out and have been coming out and I -- we will make a determination, and I'm sure you're going to be very, very early on this than those that know. But it is certainly a very sad story when you see it.

Geraldo Rivera: A sad story. Infuriating. To me it's, you know, here you are, you're doing what you are doing and very effectively you cite your achievements, particularly in the economy. I think you're, you know, you've created a rising tide that's lifting all boats, minority unemployment, record blows, youth unemployment, record blows. Everything is humming along.

Geraldo Rivera: You know, I was at the Cleveland Brown's game and I was sitting with Jim Brown, who you know well, the football great. You know, and we were were talking about how Jim, and Kanye West, and Tiger Woods, and I, you know all men of color support you in a way that you're not generally credited. I -- You think you could do more in that regard? You know I was talking to Jim, he's willing to speak out on your behalf.

Donald Trump: Well, he has spoken out on my behalf and he's great. And you know I see those old clips of him running. And boy, oh boy, what -- the money he'd be making today right?

Geraldo Rivera: I imagine.

Donald Trump: There's probably nobody like him. And when he -- I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan of his. And when he came out out of the blue he said, "I support President Trump." And he's a smart guy.

Donald Trump: He sees African-American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in history. The history of our country. It's the best. Median income is up for African-Americans and for everybody, but it's the highest it's ever been.

Donald Trump: Doing better than they've ever done. And I'll do much better than that. Don't forget they've always been, you know, as a group are largely voting for Democrats. And you remember my statement: "What do you have to lose?" Vote for me.

Donald Trump: What do you have to lose? Well, they voted for me. I've been there less than two years and now the unemployment rate is the lowest in history. OK. And in the history of this country.

Donald Trump: So, and not only with African-Americans, with Asians with Hispanic. Hispanics are doing phenomenally well under my administration and under my policies of economic growth. And so we've done a lot. No president has done more than what I've done and it's less than two years. And if you look at regulations and if you look at tax cuts, and if you look at getting rid of the individual mandate.

Donald Trump: And Anwar, which is one of the biggest drilling sites in the world, they've been trying to get it for 45 years. If you look at what we've done with that vets on choice and accountability. Things that for over 40 years they couldn't get, they couldn't get approved. I got them approved. Where veterans now have choice, where if they have a line and they have to wait days to get and see a doctor, which often happens.

Donald Trump: They can go and get a private doctor and we pay the bill. And it's so great. They've been trying to get that approved for, I think it was 48 year years.

Geraldo Rivera: You're really not getting the credit you deserve in many areas. I know we don't...

Donald Trump: I don't. I don't get any credit from the media. The media's absolutely terrible.

Geraldo Rivera: I mean, every time I pick up the paper, and you know that they take a hit at you in every story. But you mentioned that Judge Kavanaugh...

Donald Trump: There's nothing I can do to get a good story.

Geraldo Rivera: Well, you're talking to me. They'll get one right now.

Donald Trump: First is North Korea.

Geraldo Rivera: And North Korea. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: We were going to go to war. Now he's a friend of mine.

Geraldo Rivera: I hope -- I hope that bears fruition. You mentioned it. I might as well stay there.

Donald Trump: I think it will. I think they want to do it. I think we're moving along at a nice pace. But we were going to war.

Donald Trump: Before I came in we were going to war. In fact, President Obama indicated that that's by far his biggest problem, and he had no idea what to do with it. He had no idea what to do with it. We were heading to war and I was very rough at the beginning, if you remember. I was very, very rough at the beginning, but it ended up great. We had a very successful summit and it ended up great. And I had a very successful summit with Putin.

Donald Trump: But the press won't, you know, won't say that. They won't, they won't say anything I do. They won't say -- and that's OK. Now when I say fake news and the fake news media.

Donald Trump: It's probably 80%. 20% is very fair, it's very good. And then I have very big social media presence, which is important. And then I can speak to somebody like you.

Donald Trump: That's a fair [Inaudible].

Geraldo Rivera: That's right. And we follow each other too. But let me get to Kavanaugh before I run out of time here. You've dominated this man.

Geraldo Rivera: He seemed cruising toward confirmation by the Judiciary Committee then the full Senate. And then Dr. Christine Blasi Ford, you know the woman who says at the age of 15 she was sexually assaulted by Judge Kavanaugh when he was 17 years old. They were both in prep school.

Geraldo Rivera: You know, he or she now has agreed to testify on that, we think, Wednesday or Thursday. Are you worried that people will believe her allegations? Do you worry that the allegations are true, and that your confirmation whether your selection to the High Court Judge Kavanaugh will be thwarted at the last minute?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he's not sanding man. We went through a whole hearing. The hearing was over, and then all of a sudden a letter that was being held by Senator Feinstein emerged, it could have emerged much earlier. I think that was a shame. I think that was disgraceful not to bring it up in proper course. And now I can say this, "The Republicans are doing everything in their power to let her have her voice." And you get to listen to her and you're going to listen to Brett, and you are going to vote the way you have to vote as a Republican and as a Democrat.

Donald Trump: But we'll probably get to that no matter what. No matter how good, no matter how perfect things were, we'll get almost no Democrat. We may get a couple of the states who -- where I won by many, many points. You understand that.

Donald Trump: But we'll essentially get no Democrat at all.

Geraldo Rivera: Let me -- let me ask you this, mister...

Donald Trump: That's a shame. But I can say this, she is one of the finest people.

Geraldo Rivera: But what if their allegations were true? What if Dr. Ford -- if people believe that this really happened 30 odd years ago. Do you think he should still be confirmed to the High Court?

Donald Trump: No. 1, I don't think that will happen. And No. 2, I want her to have her voice. Let her have her voice, let her say whatever she has to say.

Donald Trump: Let him say what he has to say, and that's the end. The senators will make a choice.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you believe that Roe V. Wade should be overturned?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I don't want to talk about it now because that's a controversy that I'm going to leave to the courts.

Geraldo Rivera: And if -- if people believe her what about his confirmation? I mean, do you -- do you agree that it has -- that this has gummed up the works at the very least.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to have to see. I mean, somebody said that today some news came out about one of her friends who was at the party. I won't go into what they said because you'll see it better yourself. But one of her friends that was at the party maybe is not confirming what she said.

Donald Trump: So you're going to have to see. But look, they're giving tremendous voice to Dr. Ford and that's fine with me. At the end, the Senate is going to vote and they're going to do what is best and hopefully he'll be confirmed. He's an outstanding person. This went 36 years without a complaint.

Donald Trump: 36 years, Geraldo. Nobody ever -- I mean, he's been confirmed five or six times for major position.

Geraldo Rivera: Other -- other position. I agree.

Donald Trump: And it never came up. [Inaudible]

Geraldo Rivera: Here's another quote. "The battle over his confirmation has swelled into an event of Titanic consequence in the country's evolution on matters of gender and women's equality." It's almost like Kavanaugh, the person doesn't matter. This is -- this is like the war of the sexes. This is, you know, this is about abortion.

Geraldo Rivera: This is about issues that are so grand. You know, here you're trying to -- in this nomination, if confirmed will affect the American policy and the way forward for decades to come. Are you comfortable with this man on the high court.

Donald Trump: Well, I am. And I also want to hear what's going to be said during the week, but I can tell you. I am. I think he's got an outstanding record. Very smart top-of-the-line education, the best student no matter where he went.

Donald Trump: And honestly, the best character unless she can prove otherwise. And we're going to give her a chance to do that.

Geraldo Rivera: Let me give you a chance to say something about Puerto Rico. We were together in Puerto Rico, and I have to say Mr. President, I lament in a very deep way, because you know my dad was one of 17 children. My goodness, scores of relatives. I was with you and the First Lady in Puerto Rico, and then to see how people blamed you for the power outage not -- never mentioning the corrupt utility there, the public utility. The inept.

Geraldo Rivera: In fact, they were bankrupt. I mean, do you want to -- do you want to respond to the critics of the response to Hurricane Maria. Go ahead.

Donald Trump: Sure. Let me just respond by saying, No.1, it starts with, you have the mayor of San Juan who's incompetent. She should never be there. She's -- she doesn't know what she's doing.

Donald Trump: She's a totally incompetent person. You have -- as you know, locally they did a very, very poor job. The electric was broken before the storms. They got hit by two storms, not one.

Geraldo Rivera: Right. Erma. Erma knocked out 70%. Right.

Donald Trump: We started going in and by the time we got there we had to, you know, make all sorts of provision to get out, because the second storm was right on top of the first storm. And the second storm hit dead zero, right, smack. I mean, you couldn't -- you couldn't have designed it any better if you were looking for trouble.

Geraldo Rivera: It was horrible.

Donald Trump: It was a perfect, you know, it was a perfect hit. And really a horrible hit, and it was one of the biggest storms that they've seen in years, and certainly the biggest storm -- one of the biggest -- the biggest to the Puerto Rico's ever seen. So what happens is the electric plant was bankrupt, this is before the storm's hit, for many years. It was bankrupt. It was in receivership. It didn't work. They had no electric.

Donald Trump: It was a obsolete old plant that didn't work and people didn't have electric on the island, or if they if they were lucky they would have 30% and 35%. It was a disaster. Now the storms hit and to build that -- it's a big deal. Takes years, you know, it takes a long time to build it and to fix it.

Donald Trump: But it was in receivership, it was a total mess, it was corrupt, couldn't be worse. The storms hit and they said, "Oh, let's blame Trump for the electric. Let's -- Trump -- let's have Trump fix the electric plant." Which takes a long time to get to rebuild it, which is a big deal. "Let's blame Trump for everything." And we did a great job. I did a great job in Texas. I did a great job in Florida. I'm now doing a great job in South Carolina and North Carolina. You see that.

Geraldo Rivera: I see that. Terrible.

Donald Trump: Well, we did just as good a job in Puerto Rico as if not better in a sense [Inaudible.

Geraldo Rivera: Let me say this about Puerto Rico.

Donald Trump: Let me just say.

Geraldo Rivera: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: It was very -- it was a very tough situation because you're surrounded by ocean, you can't drive trucks there. And you have to ship, you know, you put everything on ships. It's a very big deal. We did a great job. And just to finish on the death count, I left and the official number was in all the newspapers even recently.

Donald Trump: The official number that I left, and that was about 10 days after the storm, was 16 people had died. The 16 people was then lifted a couple of months later to 64, and that was the official number.

Donald Trump: And that was it. And that's terrible. That's a loss of life. And I love Puerto Rican people. I love...

Geraldo Rivera: Gracias.

Donald Trump: How do you know that? You're not Puerto Rican. I love you. Right?

Geraldo Rivera: I feel the same.

Donald Trump: I have a great feeling for the spirit -- to have incredible spirit. OK. It was 64 people, and then all of a sudden I read a report many, many months later, a long time later, that they did a report 3,000 people died. Then I said, "Wait a minute.

Donald Trump: You went from 16 to 64." We did a great job. "And then you went from 64 to 3000? How did that happen." And they couldn't explain it. And if you read that report, it's not explainable.

Geraldo Rivera: In fairness, in fairness...

Donald Trump: I was fighting for FEMA..

Geraldo Rivera: Right.

Donald Trump: I was fighting for the military, and I was fighting for the first responders, and all of the people that did such a great job in Puerto Rico. But the truth is you have incompetent leadership and the mayor of San Juan is a grossly incompetent person. We would deliver supplies, and you have to study what she did with those supplies, because when you find out what she was doing with the stuff, we can only deliver it to locations they have to distribute it. When you find out what she did with the supplies you will be shocked.

Donald Trump: It was disgraceful.

Geraldo Rivera: You said to me down in Puerto Rico that you are exploring the option of allowing Puerto Rico to declare bankruptcy and default on the $15 -- $75 billion in debt. You said that my friends on Wall Street were going to take a hit. Are you still contemplating allowing Puerto Rican bankruptcy?

Donald Trump: They are taking a hit. But you know the power plant and the power, as I said, was absolutely a disaster for many years.

Geraldo Rivera: But will you let Puerto Rico to fault?

Donald Trump: It has nothing to do with President Trump, by the way.

Geraldo Rivera: It has nothing to do with President Trump. I...

Donald Trump: When the storm hit and the power's -- the same disaster, it was not even work -- you know, other than the wires were torn but the plant itself was not even that much worse, but it was so bad. They like to say, "Oh, it was Trump." It wasn't Trump.

Geraldo Rivera: It wasn't Trump.

Donald Trump: Our people did an incredi -- You know, Geraldo we floated in a massive, the largest in the world, we floated in a hospital and we had a hospital ship, you know -- you know the military hospital ship is the biggest in the world. It was incredible. I saw that ship. It was incredible. We did things that nobody could have done. [Inaudible]

Geraldo Rivera: But what about defaulting on the bonds. I want to nail you -- I want to get this down. Will you let -- will you let them default on these billions in bonds?

Donald Trump: I don't want to talk about that. That's a financial situation. I don't want to talk about it. But I would certainly not -- I would certainly not want to be helping Wall Streeters that finance the plant that was underwater.

Geraldo Rivera: Right.

Donald Trump: And various other things.

Geraldo Rivera: How about statehood for Puerto Rico, isn't that the only way to really fix them?

Donald Trump: Nobody's mentioned that recently to me. Nobody's mentioned that recently.

Geraldo Rivera: How do you feel about it?

Donald Trump: I will tell you this, with the mayor of San Juan as bad as she is, and as incompetent as she is, Puerto Rico shouldn't be talking about statehood until they get some people that really know what they're doing.

Geraldo Rivera: She's running for governor, I hear.

Donald Trump: And if you have good leadership, Geraldo, that certainly could be something they talk about. But with people like that involved in Puerto Rico, I would be an absolute no. If you had people like the mayor of San Juan, whatever her name may be, she is a horror show. She was so bad to the -- and so disrespectful to our military, to our first responders and to our great FEMA people, who did a phenomenal job.

Donald Trump: The distribution of food was so horribly handled by the representatives on the island. They really did a horrible job. And the electric, you know, you talk about press, the electric was dead for years. And if you look at it they blame Trump for the electric.

Geraldo Rivera: So you're hurt, I can feel the hurt in your voice with the way you were treated.

Donald Trump: No, no. Because I love the people of Puerto Rico. And I did a great job. I did an extra special -- I got things to Puerto Rico that nobody could have gotten. They had so much water they didn't know what to do with it.

Donald Trump: The problem is, the local people couldn't -- they didn't know how to distribute the water. The truck drivers didn't show up to work. The taxi drivers didn't show up to work. Now in all fairness, they were trying to save their [Inaudible]

Geraldo Rivera: Their own families, right.

Donald Trump: But still they didn't have. So we had to send truck drivers onto the island. We had to send taxi drivers onto the island. We had to do things that you -- that nobody's ever done before. We did -- And instead of getting thank you we got nothing but bad publicity. And I'll tell you what, I got an A plus in Texas and then A plus in Florida we did more work.

Donald Trump: And in a certain way just as good. Can't do much better. But what happens is the local representatives, in particular, the mayor of San Juan, was incompetent and they didn't know what to do once she came there.

Geraldo Rivera: All right. Let...

Donald Trump: You wouldn't want to take a look at what that woman did with the...

Geraldo Rivera: I was there. I saw. Let me go to the state-side politics again. I just see an NBC poll out this morning that there may be a blue wave that Democrats have a 12-point advantage. Do you credit that? You buy that? Is that -- are you facing now a blue wave?

Donald Trump: I think we will do well because we have the greatest economy. I just went to Missouri where they had 25,000 people standing outside of 12,000 people in the hall. You saw that, you probably read it. I don't know if they write that. But you know we had 25,000 people outside.

Donald Trump: I just got back from Nevada and they had at least 10,000 people outside of a big, big convention. Thank you friend [Inaudible].

Geraldo Rivera: I love that. I saw their new show and you're hanging out.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They were all there and they saw. They had 10,000, maybe more, people outside that couldn't get in. I think we're going to do very well. And one of the reasons is because the economy is so good, because Black unemployment and Hispanic and Asian and everybody's unemployment.

Geraldo Rivera: See, if I were you, I'd talk about the economy every hour. Just talk about how things are or helping everybody.

Geraldo Rivera: You know, they like to get on other subjects like electricity in Puerto Rico.

Geraldo Rivera: Yeah. I know that. I really think so. What about Ohio? You got -- first of all, will you miss John Kasich as governor?

Donald Trump: No. I won't miss him at all. And he's not a very popular governor anymore, and his healthcare turned out to be not good. In fact, when the lieutenant governor campaigned for governor she disavowed his healthcare plan. No. I wouldn't miss John at all. He's -- he's fine. He came in probably eighth or ninth, if you really look at it, he just wouldn't get out of the race. But guys like Ben Carson, and Marco Rubio, and Ted Cruz beat him very badly.

Donald Trump: The only difference is he just kept -- He'd get 1% and say, "I'm going on to the next state." No. I won't miss him.

Geraldo Rivera: Mike DeWine, the former senator and attorney general, is running for governor as you know to replace Kasich. They've beaten him up pretty good though saying that he -- you know, he allowed drug prices to go up, that he's been insensitive, that, you know, he -- the precondition -- preexisting condition thing he attacked. Do you think that he will -- do you think he could beat Cordray, who is pretty good [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I think he will. He get up in the polls. He's very good. Ge's a very, very talented guy. And the lieutenant governor, they're running as a team, and I think you're going to win.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And they're up in the polls right now. He's very good.

Geraldo Rivera: What about Renacci against Sherrod Brown? To replace Senator Sherrod Brown, who seems...

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know he got hit very hardly with the situation with the wife very, very hard on the last -- over the last couple of days. I don't know what impact that's going to have on the race. But I can tell you, you have somebody running against him who is very good, as you know, and we'll see what happens. You know, he's been there but he's been hit very hard over the last short period of time.

Geraldo Rivera: You've got a -- I know you love golf. You're at Bedminster right now? Or are you in Jersey right now?

Donald Trump: I have meetings here. And the reason I come here, there's another thing I don't get credit for, I'd love to be in Manhattan, but if I do they close up the whole city.

Geraldo Rivera: I know. I've been there.

Donald Trump: So what I do is I come here and instead of getting credit I get not. But that's OK. It's fine.

Geraldo Rivera: Speaking about not getting credit. I was at that golf course with Eric, your son, and Laura they were raising money for the -- St. Jude.

Donald Trump: Right.

Geraldo Rivera: And he raised millions of dollars and then got attacked. The attack for.

Donald Trump: Eric raised millions of dollars. The people at St. Jude said it was the most beautiful thing he's ever done that they've seen. He gave almost every single dollar. And then the New York state attorney general sued him for something he didn't even take a -- I don't even know if he took expenses.

Donald Trump: I don't think he -- you know some of these people there's no money left over by the time you take all of the expenses and they take salaries. Eric worked so hard for St. Jude and then in New York City they sued him and his foundation. He got a little foundation where the money goes all to St. Jude's.

Donald Trump: And they sued him, it was a disgrace. And they sued me too. I gave more money than we raised. I took no expenses, and they sued me too. That was Eric Schneiderman, who ended up getting thrown out of office.

Geraldo Rivera: For being a sex assaulter.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And I literally have a foundation where I took in X dollars and I gave more money than I took in and they sued me. It's the most unbelievable thing. In other words, I had no expenses. No rent, no management, no nothing, and they sued me. It's a political lawsuit. It was started by Eric Schneiderman, who got thrown out for... [Inaudible]

Geraldo Rivera: Yup. And he hated you. But what comes around, goes around. Are you worried about the Southern District of New York and Michael Cohen, your former lawyer?

Donald Trump: No. No, I'm not. Because I'm an honest guy, and I'm not. And that stuff is unrelated to me.

Donald Trump: That was -- Michael did that stuff. And Michael, I mean, you know -- you know the whole story

Geraldo Rivera: I know him.

Donald Trump: Hey, Geraldo, I have many, many lawyers. I have very big law firms. I have -- that do my work. Michael...

Geraldo Rivera: So you don't think that he knows anything that's going to be a problem for you?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know anything because I'll be honest, I do everything straight. I do everything straight. So that's the way I do it.

Geraldo Rivera: Aren't you sorry for Michael Flynn talking about doing everything straight? How he got chopped up in this thing.

Donald Trump: I'm sorry for Michael Flynn. I feel badly for Michael Flynn. I feel badly for everybody. I call it the witch hunt, they call it a witch hunt. They'd say what you want.

Donald Trump: They go into Michael Cohn's office early in the morning, they go into Paul Manafort office -- office or home...

Geraldo Rivera: Both.

Donald Trump: over the weekend. It's a very sad thing. But I feel very badly for all of them since they got caught up in a horrible witch hunt. And let's see what happens and the news that you've been reading about over the last 24 hours is certainly very sad to read.

Geraldo Rivera: Which story are you referring to?

Donald Trump: I have to go, Geraldo

Geraldo Rivera: OK. Last question. Obama, Clinton, Bush, Trump play golf. Who wins?

Donald Trump: Trump would win at golfer

Geraldo Rivera: Who has the longest drive?

Donald Trump: I already know. All you have to do is ask. Well, you could ask Clinton. But I don't say that you're asking me -- these are facts.

Donald Trump: OK. You know I like facts.

Geraldo Rivera: Yeah. Good.

Donald Trump: Trump would win very easily. Anyway. Hey, Geraldo...

Geraldo Rivera: I love you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Geraldo Rivera: I love you. Thank you so much, brother.

Donald Trump: Take care.

Geraldo Rivera: Bye-bye.