Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-april-26-2018

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, here's the presidential seal. There is the White House and inside the White House is the President of the United States, Donald Trump.

Brian Kilmeade: And why would you be bringing that up, Ainsley?

Ainsley Earhardt: He joins us now by phone. Thank you so much for being with us, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, good morning, and I picked a very, very special day because it's Melania's birthday, so I said let's do it on Melania's birthday. So, happy birthday to Melania.

Brian Kilmeade: All right. Hopefully, they'll be visits in between but have you decided on or do you want to tell us what you got her?

Donald Trump: Well, I better not get into that because I may get in trouble. Maybe I didn't get her so much.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. She has done -- a got her a beautiful card. You know, I'm very busy --

Brian Kilmeade: At this point --

Donald Trump: -- to be running out looking for presents, OK? But I got her a beautiful card and some beautiful flowers.

Donald Trump: And she did a fantastic job with France. I'll tell you what, the people of France are just -- were spellbound by what happened with their great president who just left, Emmanuel, and he is a wonderful guy and --

Steve Doocy: You guys really got along great.

Donald Trump: -- with a wonderful wife.

Donald Trump: Well, we did and --

Steve Doocy: You guys got along great.

Donald Trump: We did and, you know, they are both terrific people. And, Brigitte -- and we had a fantastic time.

Donald Trump: And much more importantly, we accomplished a lot. We really accomplished a lot. More than anybody knows. You'll be seeing what we accomplished.

Steve Doocy: Well, give us a hint. Give us a hint.

Donald Trump: Well, I think we really came to recognize the -- you know, I can say it from my standpoint but he is viewing, I believe, Iran a lot differently than he did before he walked into the Oval Office and I think that's important.

Donald Trump: He understands where I'm coming from with respect to Iran. Iran is a real problem for this country. The president made a horrible deal.

Donald Trump: When I say the president, I'm talking about past administration made a horrible deal giving $150 billion, giving $1.8 billion in cash -- in actual cash carried out in barrels and in boxes from airplanes. It's inconceivable -- $1.8 billion.

Donald Trump: And all they do is scream death to America, death to America. And by the way, they're not screaming it so much anymore. They were screaming it with him. They don't scream it with me.

Donald Trump: We haven't seen their little boats circling our ships in the ocean lately because they know if they do circle the ships they're not going to be there very longer.

Brian Kilmeade: All right, I want to come back to that a little later because we do want to see if that -- because you have a big deadline coming up with the Iranian agreement.

Donald Trump: I do.

Brian Kilmeade: But --

Donald Trump: I do.

Brian Kilmeade: -- when it comes to Ronny --

Steve Doocy: Your call.

Brian Kilmeade: -- Jackson, the word came out from John Roberts --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Brian Kilmeade: -- now confirmed that he is no longer going to be a candidate to lead the V.A.

Brian Kilmeade: In his statement is this. The allegations against me are completely false and fabricated. If they had any merit, I would not have been selected, promoted, and trusted to serve in such a sensitive and important role as physician to three presidents over 12 years.

Brian Kilmeade: In my role as a doctor, I have tirelessly worked to provide excellent care for all my patients. In doing so, I have always adhered to the highest ethical standards.

Brian Kilmeade: Last night the report was you had a huddle. Is that what you decided last night? Is that what all of you decided?

Donald Trump: Well, I even told him a day or two ago. I saw where this was going.

Donald Trump: And, you know, they're very upset because Mike Pompeo who was again, first in his class at West Point, top in his class at Harvard Law School. A brilliant guy, a great guy, and somebody I get along with very well.

Donald Trump: You know, Mike got through and they thought they had him stopped.

Donald Trump: The Democrats are obstructionists. It's horrible what they're doing. They're not approving people.

Donald Trump: They're taking them out to the maximum 30 hours. That's a lot of time -- 30 hours -- to interview people that are going to be approved. I mean, they go 30 hours and then people will vote, and it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: In fact, they had a report the other day that at this rate it will be nine years before --

Steve Doocy: It's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: -- they're allowed to come into government.

Donald Trump: So you have that have given up everything. They've given up their jobs. Top-line people -- brilliant people.

Donald Trump: They want to come in and help us in government and Chuck Schumer and the group take, you know, years to approve them -- years. We have judges that are waiting. Top of the line people. The best people in our country and --

Donald Trump: And by the way, they're going to be approved but they take them out until the very, very end. And they said over nine years before they get approved --

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- because they're using every little trick in the book.

Brian Kilmeade: -- Mitch McConnell could keep them seven days a week until they reach their 30 hours and make them, these men and women, stay until this gets done. Why won't he do that?

Donald Trump: Well, he should be doing that and I think he will be doing that. And he should be doing that.

Donald Trump: Honestly, the Republicans -- look, we have some absolute warriors. We have -- when I -- I just watched your show. Jim Jordan, and Mark Meadows, and Matt Gaetz, and DeSantis, and so many -- Corey Lewandowski.

Donald Trump: We have people -- Diamond and Silk are warriors, by the way. How about Diamond and Silk? They've become amazing.

Donald Trump: You know, that started off like somebody was talking about them on the Internet. They were these two women -- these two beautiful, wonderful, women.

Donald Trump: And I said well, let me check it out. It took me about two seconds to say start them -- it's incredible. So, Diamond and Silk, these are all warriors.

Donald Trump: We have great people in the Republican Party and I think that, in one way, it's showing how bad, how obstructionist these Democrats are. It's a disgrace what's happening.

Ainsley Earhardt: Do you think the obstructionist window -- as Dr. Jackson says, these allegations are baseless and they're just attacking him? This is not true, he served our country but yet, he's still withdrawing his name.

Ainsley Earhardt: So does the obstructionist win when your nominees don't fight back?

Donald Trump: Well, I could say yes. I can also say no because Doc Ronny -- you know, we call him Doc Ronny, we call him Admiral Ronny. He's an admiral, highly respected, a real leader.

Donald Trump: And I watched what Jon Tester of Montana, a state that I won by like over 20 points. You know, really, they love me and I love them. And I want to tell you that Jon Tester -- I think this is going to cause him a lot of problems in his state.

Donald Trump: He took a man who was just an incredible man -- an incredible man respected by President Obama. He gave him his highest rating. You saw what President Obama said.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: President Bush -- he was the doctor to President Bush, to President Obama and the family. He's been my doctor.

Donald Trump: And he runs a fantastic operation. You know, they have many doctors and they run a fantastic operation.

Donald Trump: And honestly, I said it to him. He didn't come to me. I said, you know, Doc, you run a great operation. How do you think you'd do at the V.A.?

Donald Trump: Now, we can talk about experience but the V.A. -- when you think about 13 million people --

Steve Doocy: Sure.

Donald Trump: -- you could take the head of the biggest hospital corporation of the world and it's peanuts compared to the V.A., so nobody has experience, you know. It's a big monster.

Donald Trump: And I'm really proud of the job we've done for the V.A. because we got -- we're working right now on Choice and really big -- but we got rid of so many rules and regulations that made it impossible and we're really doing great at the V.A.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: But I want somebody that's going to be great. He would've done a great job --

Steve Doocy: Did --

Donald Trump: He's got a tremendous heart.

Steve Doocy: Any idea who you might --

Donald Trump: You know, these are all false accusations that were made. These are false and they're trying to destroy a man.

Donald Trump: By the way, I did say welcome to Washington. Welcome to the swamp. Welcome to the world of politics.

Brian Kilmeade: Sure.

Donald Trump: But for Jon Tester to start bringing up stuff like candy man and the kind of things he was saying, and then say well, you know, these are just statements that are made.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: There's no proof of this.

Donald Trump: And he has a perfect record. He's got this beautiful record unblemished.

Donald Trump: His son is a wonderful boy. Goes to Annapolis, at the top of his class. One of the finest cadets.

Donald Trump: For him to be doing this to this man and this family, I think Jon Tester has to have a big price to pay in Montana because I don't think people in Montana -- the admiral is the kind of person that they respect and admire and they don't like seeing what's happened to him.

Steve Doocy: Well, the admiral has officially thrown in the towel.

Steve Doocy: Any idea who you might nominate next?

Donald Trump: I do, actually, but I better not give it. Maybe we'll do it on my next call. I do -- I think we're going to have somebody great.

Steve Doocy: All right.

Donald Trump: Somebody that's more -- you know, look, the admiral is not a politician which is what I liked, by the way.

Steve Doocy: Is your nominee somebody in politics right now?

Donald Trump: Somebody with political capability, yes.

Steve Doocy: All right.

Steve Doocy: Meanwhile, let's talk a little bit about your former FBI director James Comey, who you fired.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: He was on T.V. last night. He said --

Donald Trump: I did a great thing for the American people by firing him.

Steve Doocy: Well, he says he's not a leaker. He disputed what Anderson Cooper had said.

Steve Doocy: But what's interesting is we've learned through Catherine Herridge's reporting is that apparently the guy he gave the secret memos to, Dr. Richman at Columbia University -- he had this special government employee status where he had -- you know, he could look at secrets. He had a badge to the building.

Steve Doocy: And also, apparently, the memos were leaked to a wider group of people or at least two, maybe three, including former U.S. attorney Patrick Fitzgerald.

Steve Doocy: Your opinion on what Mr. Comey is doing on his book tour and the fact that he had a special friend at Columbia University with an FBI badge.

Donald Trump: Look, Comey is a leaker and he's a liar and not only on this stuff. He's been leaking for years.

Donald Trump: He's probably been using his friend, the so-called professor who now turns out to have FBI clearance, which he never said. He even lied about that because he never said that in Congress.

Donald Trump: He said he gave it to a friend and he gave it to a friend to leak classified information. It's all classified. It was totally classified.

Donald Trump: So illegally -- he did an illegal act and he said it himself in order to get a special counsel against me. So the special counsel -- and by the way, and Intelligence Committee and everybody else has found no collusion. There's no collusion with me and the Russians.

Donald Trump: Nobody's been tougher to Russia --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- than I am. You can ask President Putin about that. There's been nobody.

Donald Trump: Between the military and the oil and all of the other things that I've done -- the aluminum tax. They send us a lot of aluminum and I put tariffs on aluminum coming in. The 60 people that we sent out -- the 60 so-called diplomats.

Donald Trump: Nobody's been tougher. Nobody's even been close to as tough as me and we hear this nonsense. So there's no collusion whatsoever.

Donald Trump: Well, Comey -- what he did, Brian, was terrible. He leaked classified information in order to try and get a special counsel --

Steve Doocy: He says it wasn't classified, Mr. President. He says it wasn't classified.

Donald Trump: Oh, it's -- well, it's totally classified. And he also leaked the memos which are classified. Nobody unclassified them.

Donald Trump: And those memos were about me and they're phony memos. He didn't write those memos accurately. He put a lot of phony stuff.

Donald Trump: For instance, I went to Russia for a day or so -- a day or two because I own the Miss Universe pageant. So, I went there to watch it because it was near Moscow.

Donald Trump: So I go to Russia -- now, I did go there -- everybody knows. The locks are there, the planes are there.

Donald Trump: He said I didn't stay there a night. Of course, I stayed there. I stayed there a very short period of time but, of course, I stayed.

Donald Trump: Well, his memo said I left immediately. I never said that. I never said I left immediately.

Donald Trump: So he said -- and you know, the funny thing, he does these memos and then fake news CNN who's a total fake -- you know, they give Hillary Clinton the questions to the debate and nobody -- can you imagine, by the way, if you gave me the questions to a debate? They would have you out of business --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- and they'd have me -- you better get out of this campaign. They don't even bring it up.

Donald Trump: I mean, CNN - fake news CNN actually gave the questions to the --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes, but don't worry about them.

Ainsley Earhardt: I want to ask you --

Donald Trump: No, no -- no, no, but think of it. How bad is that?

Donald Trump: So anyway -- so Comey leaked and, by the way, also what he did with CNN in order to placate them, you saw that whole scenario. This is a big mistake, this book.

Donald Trump: He is guilty of crimes and if we had a Justice Department that was doing their job instead of spending $8 million trying to find --

Steve Doocy: It's your Justice Department. Mr. President -- Mr. President, you're the Republican in charge --

Donald Trump: You're right, yes, you're right.

Steve Doocy: You've got a Republican running it.

Donald Trump: But here's what -- I answer this all the time.

Donald Trump: Because of the fact that they have this witch hunt going on with people in the Justice Department that shouldn't be there -- they have a witch hunt against the President of the United States going on -- I've taken the position -- and I don't have to take this position and maybe I'll change -- that I will not be involved with the Justice Department. I will wait until this is over.

Donald Trump: It's a total -- it's all lies and it's a horrible thing that's going on.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: A horrible thing and yet, I've accomplished, with all of this going on, more than any president in the first year in our history. And everybody --

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: Even the enemies and the haters admit that.

Ainsley Earhardt: Right.

Donald Trump: We have accomplished more than any president in the first year, by far. If you look at regulations, and the big tax cuts, and Judge Gorsuch -- so many things -- and many other judges.

Donald Trump: But the big thing -- the tax cuts, the regulations -- nobody's done what we've done -- what I've done despite what's going on.

Donald Trump: So I'm very disappointed in my Justice Department but because of the fact that it's going under, and I think you'll understand this, I have decided that I won't be involved. I may change my mind at some point because what's going on is a disgrace. It's an absolute --

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Donald Trump: -- disgrace.

Donald Trump: And by the way, the only collusion is the collusion with the Democrats and the Russians. You take a look at what's going on there. They wouldn't even give their server -- the DNC, Democratic National Committee, wouldn't even give its server to the FBI.

Donald Trump: So what kind of an FBI -- they break down doors for Paul Manafort early in the morning. His wife is in bed like at five or six in the morning. And they undo the lock for Michael Cohen early in the morning.

Donald Trump: And yet, they walk into the DNC and they won't give them the server. They said we're not giving you the server. Oh, OK, we'll leave.

Donald Trump: That's not the FBI. That's a fix.

Brian Kilmeade: Let's talk about Michael Cohen.

Brian Kilmeade: Yesterday, through his attorney, he's going to be taking the Fifth. What's your reaction to that being that you worked with him for a couple of decades --

Donald Trump: I did. He --

Brian Kilmeade: -- as your attorney.

Donald Trump: He's a good person. He's a great guy.

Brian Kilmeade: What's at stake for you, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Brian, you know Michael. Michael's been on your show, I'm sure, a lot. You know, Michael --

Brian Kilmeade: We know.

Donald Trump: -- is a good person.

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you that Michael is in business. He's really a businessman at fairly big businesses, I understand. And I don't know his business but this doesn't have to do with me.

Donald Trump: Michael is a businessman. He's got a business. He also practices law.

Donald Trump: I would say probably the big thing is his business and they're looking at something having to do with his business. I have nothing to do with his business.

Donald Trump: I can tell you he's a good guy. He sometimes --

Brian Kilmeade: But isn't your business -- isn't his business your attorney, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I have many, many -- just so you understand, I have many attorneys. I have attorneys -- sadly, I have so many attorneys you wouldn't even believe it.

Steve Doocy: How many -- how much of your -- Mr. President, how much of your legal work was handled by Michael Cohen?

Donald Trump: Well, he has a percentage of my overall legal work -- a tiny, tiny little fraction. But, Michael would represent me and represent me on some things.

Donald Trump: He represents me -- like with this crazy Stormy Daniels deal he represented me. And, you know, from what I see he did absolutely nothing wrong. There were no campaign funds going into this --

Ainsley Earhardt: Then why is he pleading the Fifth?

Donald Trump: -- which would have been a problem.

Donald Trump: Because he's got other things. He's got businesses and from what I understand they're looking at his businesses, and I hope he's in great shape.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: But he's got businesses and his lawyers probably told him to do that.

Donald Trump: But I'm not involved and I'm not involved -- and I've been told I'm not involved.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, Mr. --

Ainsley Earhardt: Right.

Donald Trump: That just came out of the newspapers.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I've been told I'm not involved in that.

Ainsley Earhardt: We want to get to Kanye West. He tweeted that he loves you, that you're his brother, and --

Donald Trump: He's got good taste.

Ainsley Earhardt: -- the left goes ballistic.

Ainsley Earhardt: What's your reaction?

Donald Trump: Yes. Well, they do.

Donald Trump: You know, I have known Kanye a little bit and I get along with Kanye. I get along with a lot of people, frankly.

Donald Trump: But Kanye looks and he sees black unemployment at the lowest it's been in the history of our country, OK? He sees Hispanic unemployment at the lowest it's been in the history of our country. He sees, by the way, female unemployment -- women unemployment the lowest it's been in now almost 19 years.

Donald Trump: He sees that stuff and he's smart. And he says you know what, Trump is doing a much better job than the Democrats did.

Donald Trump: And by the way, if they ever got in and started putting back all these rules and regulations where you can't breathe, where businesses go out of business, our country would be in big trouble.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And had I not gotten elected, Hillary would have come in. She would have added more rules and regulations. We would have been out of business because you saw what was happening. We were going down.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes, and a couple of things on top of that. There's a bigger picture.

Brian Kilmeade: Kanye West comes out. Regardless of what he says he doesn't have anything personally against you. He likes you even if he doesn't agree with everything.

Brian Kilmeade: Then he has other people in the black community. Like, Chance the Rapper comes out and says black people don't have to be Democrats.

Brian Kilmeade: Have Republicans done a bad job ignoring the black community up until now?

Donald Trump: You know, I think it was just a custom. People don't realize, you know, if you go back to the Civil War it was the Republicans that really did the thing. Lincoln was a Republican.

Donald Trump: I mean, somehow it changed over the years and I will say I really believe it's changing back. Remember, I was going to get no black votes?

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: I was going to get none? Well, I got a lot. I got a lot of support, you know, and I should have gotten much more.

Donald Trump: Now -- in fact, I used to go around saying what do you have to lose? I'd say that at speeches, remember? I'd go into a stadium. I'd talk about the African-American vote.

Donald Trump: I said the education is not good. The -- obviously, the law enforcement that your community -- the crime is at levels that nobody's ever seen before. You know, I'd go through like seven, 10 stats.

Donald Trump: I'd say vote for me. What do you have to lose?

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: So now they've voted for me crime is way down and really importantly, the unemployment picture --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- is the best it's been in the history of our country for African-Americans.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, what does it say though about the political discourse in this country that when somebody comes out and says I like Donald Trump, suddenly the political left goes out and destroys them?

Steve Doocy: Shania Twain was asked a couple of days ago about well, if you could've voted for Donald Trump would you have? And she said yes, I would have. And then she got so destroyed online she had to come out and apologize.

Steve Doocy: And then yesterday, the same thing with Kanye West. Suddenly, people are saying the guy's out of his mind because he supports you.

Steve Doocy: What happened to being able to have a different point of view?

Donald Trump: All right, I'll tell you what happened.

Donald Trump: Shania, who I think is terrific but she made a mistake by sort of saying I wish I didn't, you know, go public with it, but we know how she feels.

Donald Trump: But people have done that and they're amazed at what happens to their business because we have tremendous support. We have tremendous fans. If I ever called for a rally in Washington, D.C. we'd have millions of people coming into Washington because they love what's happening.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: So when I see a Kanye sticking to his guns or when I see others, and there are plenty of others, sticking to their guns and coming out and saying that you have a young lady who's been very much in the news in the last three or four days --

Brian Kilmeade: Candace Owens.

Donald Trump: -- because she is -- she is fantastic. She's like the hottest thing out there now. If you have people do that they become much more popular.

Donald Trump: Remember, we won the election and we won it easily. You know, a lot of people say oh, it was close.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they also like to always talk about Electoral College. Well, it's an election based on the Electoral College. I would rather have a popular election but it's a totally different campaign.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: It's as though you're running -- if you're a runner you're practicing for the 100-yard dash as opposed to the one-mile. The Electoral College is different.

Donald Trump: I would rather have the popular vote because it's -- to me, it's much easier to win.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes, it's a totally different set of goals as opposed to the Electoral College.

Donald Trump: Yes, but we have an Electoral College --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: I got 306 and she got what, 223. So, remember --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- there was no way to break 270.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Donald Trump: I heard that on CBS, and NBC, and ABC. They're all fake news.

Brian Kilmeade: So --

Donald Trump: I heard that for so long -- and CNN. But I heard that for so long. There is no way.

Donald Trump: So what they're trying to do is suppress the vote. Everyone goes home and says you know, I really like Donald Trump but I've watched on the news -- and they don't know it's fake news. I've taught them it's fake news.

Donald Trump: I've watched on the news that he can't win, so let's go to a movie, darling, and then we'll come home and we'll watch --

Brian Kilmeade: And you'll find out in the midterms whether they go with the darling home or they go to the movies.

Donald Trump: But I think that --

Brian Kilmeade: Let's talk about --

Donald Trump: I think he'll do better than people think in the midterms.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Did you know it's very --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: The economy is so strong and jobs are so good that I think we're going to surprise -- you know, we won an election yesterday in Arizona.

Donald Trump: Nobody talks about it. They had these massive booths set up for CNN and everybody. They had these big booths set up because they were hoping -- you know, they spent a fortune on the Democrat and the Republican won -- Lesko.

Donald Trump: And you know what, nobody talks about it.

Brian Kilmeade: All right. But, Mr. President, you can argue -- you can argue that the midterms are going to be decided on big things like a meeting that you're going to have one-one-one with Kim Jong Un.

Brian Kilmeade: How much are you looking at the summit that starts tomorrow with South Korea to look at what you're going to be doing when you sit down with North Korea?

Brian Kilmeade: And on top of that, we know this is confidential but can you give us any more information on the one-on-one that Mike Pompeo had with Kim Jong Un? A lot of people are hungry for some details.

Donald Trump: Well, I can.

Donald Trump: First of all, we're doing very well with North Korea and we'll see how it all comes out.

Donald Trump: Again, Brian, I'm not like Obama where you go in and you have a Kerry, who's the worst negotiator I've ever seen. He goes in for the Iran deal, he never leaves.

Donald Trump: He should've left. He should've just left. He would have -- could have made a much better deal.

Donald Trump: But -- so it could be that I walk out quickly -- with respect, but it could be. It could be that maybe the meeting doesn't even take place. Who knows? But I can tell you right now they want to meet.

Donald Trump: They wanted to go to the Olympics.

Donald Trump: Look, it was very, very nasty with Little Rocket Man and with the buttons -- and, you know, my button's bigger than -- everybody said this guy's going to get us into nuclear war.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you. The nuclear war would have happened if you had weak people. We had weak people.

Donald Trump: This should have been settled long before I came into office. This is a much different ballgame than if they did it five or 10 or 20 years ago. This is a much more dangerous ballgame now.

Donald Trump: But I will tell you it's going very well.

Donald Trump: Mike Pompeo did go there. He wasn't supposed to meet with Kim Jong Un but he did. He -- you know, they arranged, actually while he was there, to say hello.

Donald Trump: We have incredible pictures of the two talking and meeting which I'd love to release. If we can I'll do that, actually. It's not a bad idea.

Brian Kilmeade: So it was just a hello, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: No, it was more than a hello. They got along. They were with each other for, you know, more than an hour.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They spoke and he also spoke with his counterparts in North Korea. They had a great meeting. He then left.

Donald Trump: It was very, very secret -- very, very quiet. They had a great meeting -- he left.

Donald Trump: And, you know, when I watch -- liked I watched sleepy eyes Chuck Todd the other day saying why is the president giving up so much and North Korea's giving up nothing? This was at the beginning of Meet the Press, which, I mean, this guy shouldn't even be --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- on the show.

Donald Trump: So I said to myself well, wait a minute, I'm seeing it just the opposite. I haven't given up anything. I haven't even talked about it. I haven't given up anything. We're not giving up much.

Ainsley Earhardt: When are you going to meet with him?

Donald Trump: I'm not giving up much.

Donald Trump: They've given up denuclearization, testing, research. We're going to close different sites.

Donald Trump: And I'm saying to myself, wait a minute. All of these things he's given up and we haven't even really that much asked them because we would have asked them but they gave it before I even asked.

Donald Trump: So I have this guy, fake news -- he's on television saying why am I giving up something? I never gave up anything.

Donald Trump: The people have to understand how dishonest the news is. And in all fairness to Fox, you guys don't always treat me great but you treat me fairly. You know, it's not like Fox is perfect for me. They're not -- they're tough but at least it's fair.

Donald Trump: When you look at some of the others -- you look at like a CNN, they'll have a council of seven people and of the seven people every one of them is against me. I'm saying, where do we -- where do they even find these people?

Donald Trump: I appreciate the --

Brian Kilmeade: I'm not your doctor, Mr. President, but I would -- I would recommend you watch less of them.

Donald Trump: I don't watch them at all. I watched last night.

Steve Doocy: Well, that makes it easy.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what. I watched leaking, lying Comey last night and I did -- I did -- I hated to do it.

Donald Trump: You know, one of the reasons people say you're still looking good, Mr. President. How do you do it?

Donald Trump: Well, one of the things I've been able to do, which is something I never thought I had the ability -- I would always watch when I was -- now, frankly, I don't have time for two reasons. There's too much and I don't have time.

Donald Trump: But I would watch -- whether it's good or bad, I'd always watch.

Donald Trump: I have an ability -- I don't watch NBC anymore. They're as bad as CNN.

Donald Trump: I don't -- and by the way, I made them a fortune with THE APPRENTICE. Think of that one. I made them -- and I did 19 episodes.

Steve Doocy: Your alma mater.

Donald Trump: No, but I made them a fortune.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You would think that these guys would treat me great. I made them a fortune. So they treat me horribly --

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: -- and they treat me falsely.

Donald Trump: But just one thing. I don't watch things now. I can put it out of my mind and I never, ever thought that that would be possible.

Donald Trump: And you know what that does? It keeps you on the ball. It keeps you -- you keep your sanity and it works very well.

Donald Trump: But last night I did watch --

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, I have one question.

Donald Trump: I did watch a liar-leaker and his performance, by the way, was horrible. And I will say this. Anderson Cooper was surprisingly tough and he did a good job.

Steve Doocy: He did.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, real quickly, have you decided on a date to meet with Kim Jong Un?

Donald Trump: We have a decision to be made. We have three or four dates and that includes --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- locations. We have five locations --

Brian Kilmeade: Great.

Donald Trump: -- and that will all be narrowed down.

Donald Trump: I can only say this. When I came into office people thought we were going into nuclear war, OK, and now they're saying wow --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- it looks like that's going to be taken care.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I think we're doing very well. Let's see what happens.

Steve Doocy: OK. We're running out of time but when we came down after your first month in office and we did that big famous now interview in the East Room --

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: -- Ainsley asked you a question to grade your first month in office.

Steve Doocy: Now, fast-forward. You've been in office over a year. Last year, you said in the first month I give myself an A for effort and a C for messaging because you were having trouble -- the White House was -- explaining what you were doing.

Steve Doocy: How would you grade yourself now?

Donald Trump: Look, I'm fighting a battle against a horrible group of deep-seated people -- drained the swamp -- that are coming up with all sorts of phony charges against me, and they're not bringing up real charges against the other side.

Donald Trump: So we have a phony deal going on and it's a cloud over my head. And I've been able to do -- to really escape that cloud because the message now everyone knows -- it's a fix, OK. It's a witch hunt and they know that and I've been able to message it.

Donald Trump: I would give myself an A+. Nobody has done --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- what I've been able to do and I did it despite the fact that I have a phony cloud over my head that doesn't exist.

Donald Trump: It was what the Democrats used to try and make an excuse for their loss of an election -- for their loss of the Electoral College that they should never lose because the Electoral College is set up perfectly for the Democrats and this was an absolute total beating in the Electoral College.

Donald Trump: They should never lose the Electoral College and they did --

Brian Kilmeade: But --

Donald Trump: -- and they got thwamped.

Brian Kilmeade: But does it make you want to talk to Mueller and put an end to it? Does it make you want to talk to him because that's what Rudy Giuliani --

Donald Trump: Well, if I can. The problem is that it's such a -- it's such -- if you take a look they're so conflicted. The people that are doing the investigation -- you have 13 people that are Democrats.

Donald Trump: You have Hillary Clinton people. You have people that worked on Hillary Clinton's foundation. They're all -- I don't mean Democrats, I mean like the real deal.

Donald Trump: And then you look at the phony Lisa Page and Strzok and the memos back and forth, and the FBI. And by the way, you take a poll at the FBI. I love the FBI, the FBI loves me.

Donald Trump: But the top people in the FBI, headed by Comey, were crooked.

Donald Trump: You look at McCabe where he takes $700,000 from somebody supporting Hillary Clinton. He takes $700,000 for his wife's campaign. And by the way, didn't even spend that money. They kept some of it because under that law you're -- he took seven.

Donald Trump: He took $700,000 from a group headed by Terry McAuliffe who was under investigation by McCabe and the FBI and that investigation disappeared. He took $700,000.

Donald Trump: And you look at the corruption at the top of the FBI. It's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: And our Justice Department, which I try and stay away from, but at some point I won't.

Brian Kilmeade: OK.

Donald Trump: Our Justice Department should be looking at that kind of stuff, not the nonsense of collusion with Russia. There is no collusion with me --

Ainsley Earhardt: All right.

Brian Kilmeade: All right.

Donald Trump: -- and Russia, and everyone knows it.

Brian Kilmeade: Everyone. We could talk to you all day but it looks like --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Brian Kilmeade: -- you have a million things to do.

Donald Trump: Well, you could have --

Brian Kilmeade: But I hope you can join us again, Mr. President.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you so much for much for being with us.

Donald Trump: And, Ainsley, good luck with your book. It's going to be a winner.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you. Thank you so much.

Steve Doocy: And happy birthday to Melania.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Brian Kilmeade: We'll see you next Thursday, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: OK, thank you.

Brian Kilmeade: The phone line's open.

Donald Trump: Sounds OK.

Steve Doocy: Call in again some time.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you, bye.

Brian Kilmeade: Very nice of you to call in.