Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-joe-hart-krnv-reno-october-20-2018

Joe Hart: The crowd loved you out there. You have a great connection with your supporters here in Elko. Midterm elections coming up soon, obviously, in a couple of close races here in Nevada, Senate and governor especially. Hillary Clinton won this state in 2016. What kind of impact can you make, do you think, in these races?

Donald Trump: Well, I had a little thing going on called a strike. This was my state all the way, but we had a big strike, and, frankly, I think we are very close, and now we've really connected, I think, even more so with Nevada, and it just a special place. But, Dean Heller is very, very important to the state. We're working very closely with him on so many different things, and he's very, very important to win.

Donald Trump: And Adam Laxalt is going to be an outstanding governor. You need it. And, you know, working with the White House, it's certainly a lot easier. But these are great people. They've run really great campaigns, and this was fantastic today. I did another one a month ago in Las Vegas that was equally incredible, and, look, it's just a great state, and you have two people that are outstanding. One other person is Danny Tarkanian, who has been incredible.

Joe Hart: Let me ask you: how nervous are you about the midterm elections? Do you look at this as -- as a referendum on your presidency?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't really, but I am going around and helping people, because I have some states where I won by 42 points, and I'm helping people -- you know, when you're up by that kind of number, we go around and we help. I was in Montana. I was in Arizona. I was all over over the last month, and here, I have been a couple of times, and maybe a few times, I should say, and I'm here for Dean Heller, and I'm here for, you know, really the Republican ticket.

Donald Trump: They're outstanding. But Adam Laxalt, likewise, he's going to be so great as a governor, which you really need.

Joe Hart: With the country so divided after the Kavanaugh hearings, will you change your approach, or your style, in any way, moving forward?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the Kavanaugh hearings have really galvanized the Republican Party. People saw how horribly this number one student at Yale, and when he sat there and said, what I really did is I work so hard of becoming number one in my class, and I could understand that so well, and people understood it. And the Democrats did too.

Donald Trump: And then they made up all of this fantasy fiction, and they knew it was phony, and what they did was disgraceful. I think it was disgraceful, and I really think that's one of the reasons Republicans are doing so well. We're doing very, very well in the Senate, as you know possibly even better than me, because you're a real pro, but we are doing very well on the Senate.

Donald Trump: Far better than anybody would have thought. And I think the House is going to be close, but I think we're doing well in the house also.

Joe Hart: But how do you heal the divide moving forward?

Donald Trump: Well, we have to get past this election, for one thing, we have to, because we're not going to heal it before. But I think ultimately we can come together on immigration. When you look at that disaster going on, and I thank Mexico, because for the first time, they respect the president of our country, and they're in there doing a great job and holding it back, because we have the worst immigration laws ever of any country.

Donald Trump: So I think we can really heal. But I think we have to wait till after the election.

Joe Hart: Speaking of immigration, the world is watching that migrant caravan right now --

Donald Trump: Horrible.

Joe Hart: -- moving into Mexico, possibly heading for the U.S. What are you prepared to do, what do you think is appropriate to do at this point?

Donald Trump: Well, if necessary, I'm going to call up the military, we're going to stop them at the border, because we have the worst laws any nation has ever had, and were made by the Democrats, and we can't allow hundreds of thousands and millions of people to pour into our country. We have no idea who they are. There are plenty of criminals in that group, and you understand that, that's just common sense, but you understand that, and we're not going to allow them to come into our country.

Donald Trump: Now, Mexico is stopping them far from our border, and I appreciate it. I asked them to do that, and they're doing it, and I very much appreciate Mexico's stance. They've never done a thing like this for our country. I think they respect leadership now. But, pretty much that's the story. We're going to -- we're not going to allow it to happen.

Donald Trump: We can't allow it to happen. But, ultimately, we're going to come up with a great immigration plan, because we have to. And I think we can really heal the country. I think immigration is one of the three or four main parts that have to be healed.

Joe Hart: On a lighter note, you say Nevada you don't say Nevada. Did you practice that a lot?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a little bit, because one time, a number of years ago -- you know I have property in this state. I -- I proudly pay a lot of money to a lot of people that work at my property, and properties. No, I -- I know how to say it, it's Nevada. But it takes -- most people don't say that, but I do. I don't have the courage to say it the other way when I'm in this state, is that right?

Joe Hart: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Did I say the right way?

Joe Hart: Absolutely, you did.

Donald Trump: Good.

Joe Hart: Okay, well, thanks for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Joe Hart: I think we're out of time. I'd like to ask you about Yucca Mountain, if that's all right.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Joe Hart: Nevadans are against it, polls show. Nevada's congressional delegation is against it. Are you intent on moving forward? And how intent are you moving forward?

Donald Trump: No, I'm -- I'm very inclined to be against it. I know Dean Heller is very much against it. He's been fighting it. And, I think he should do things where people want him to happen. So I would be very inclined to be against it, and we will be looking at it very seriously over the next few weeks. And I agree with the people of Nevada.

Joe Hart: Even though millions has been budgeted for Yucca Mountain?

Donald Trump: It's all right. I mean, hey, it's not going to be the first time in this country, that's for sure.

Joe Hart: Okay, good to hear. Appreciate that.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Joe Hart: Mr. President. Nice to meet you. Can we get a picture with you before we go?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure.

Joe Hart: That'd be great.