Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-greg-glover-wrcb-nbc3-chattanooga-november-4-2018

Greg Glover: Mr. President, you just mentioned your -- your big crowd you left in Georgia.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Glover: To what do you attribute the numbers? We've got a record here in Tennessee as well.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we had a record in Georgia. We're having records all over. It's just really hot. People are loving the Republicans. They're loving what we're doing on the border. You saw the numbers come out, the financial economic numbers on Friday, with 250,000 new jobs for the month of October, and they're just -- I mean, we probably have the best economy we've ever had in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And, you know, we're doing well.

Greg Glover: When you talk to these people that you see in the crowds, are they talking to you more about the economy, or more about their concerns for immigration or things like that?

Donald Trump: You know, it's a great question. I think they're talking about everything. They're really happy with the economy. They're happy with jobs. They're really benefiting -- and they're happy with the tax cut. They love the regulation cut, because their companies, or even if they -- whether they own the company or they work for the company, their companies are doing well.

Donald Trump: But, they're doing incredibly well. I mean, we have the best economy that we've seen, I think, ever. I mean, basically they're saying ever, so when those numbers came out, it was a very good time for them to come out, because they came out on Friday, and we have the big election on Tuesday, and I have to say Marsha Blackburn has been incredible she's she's really been a star.

Donald Trump: She's been all over the state. She loves Tennessee. She loves the people of Tennessee. She'll be a fantastic Senator. I hope it works out.

Greg Glover: Let's use that to transition into why a visit here? You won Tennessee by a sizable margin. You won an Alabama by a greater margin. Georgia, you won as well. Is this visit seen to -- seen to try to convince people to go to the polls? I know when you were in Florida the other day, basically everyone said they had early voted.

Greg Glover: What's the -- what's the the mission for trips like this?

Donald Trump: Well, this was really set up about four or five weeks ago. You know, because there were a lot of logistics. But, regardless, I love the people of Tennessee. I like being here, and we want to make sure she gets it, I guess you could say. She has a nice lead. But, you still have to go out. You have to vote.

Donald Trump: And so I said, let's keep it. Let's just keep it. She's doing really well. She's a -- a great person. The people know very well here, as you know, and she's doing well. But I said, let's just keep this. It's Tennessee. It's it's -- you've treated me so well, so good. I treated -- I treated my family to a little bit of a surprise the other day.

Donald Trump: I was showing some of the numbers from Tennessee, and this was a state that we did very well.

Greg Glover: If the election doesn't go your way, if the Republicans lose control of the House, how will you govern? Will you consider your -- the last two years of this first term being a lame duck presidency?

Donald Trump: Well, look. I wouldn't have -- I certainly want to see it go well. I think we're doing very well. We're certainly doing well in the Senate, but we even have to worry about that, because you never know with elections what happens. But I think we're going to do really good in the House. I think we're going to have some good surprises, and if for some reason that doesn't turn out to be true, I'll figure it out.

Donald Trump: That's what I do. I always figure it out. You have to you. You have no choice.

Greg Glover: Your presidency could be described as unconventional. You said, "figure it out." Is that the way you envisioned it when you came down the stair -- staircase and decided to run?

Donald Trump: Well, I think so, and I think we've done more -- even the enemies give us -- the people that are against us, and we have a group, and they give us credit. We've probably done more -- probably the word is now definitely, more than any other president in the first two years. If you look at the tax cuts. If you look at all that we've done with regulation, the military, veterans, Veterans Choice, and all of the things that we've done for the military.

Donald Trump: You know, we're rebuilding our military. $716 billion dollars, and we need it. You know, we have to have it. It was very depleted. It got so depleted and terrible. So if you look at all that we've done, nobody's done more. You look at health care things, I'll tell you what: right to try is something that they've been trying to get for many years, where you can use the system, if you have an illness, if you're terminally ill, or you have -- you could use medicines and things that are coming up in the pipeline.

Donald Trump: They've been trying to get that for many, many decades. We've done more than anybody's ever done in the first two years, and we're really happy about it. We're in great shape as a country.

Greg Glover: Some say you've done it with a heavy fist. Some of your late night, early morning tweets caused firestorms on morning shows by the time the rest of us get up. Is that stream of consciousness -- is it a way to get issues into the -- policies into the argument before things get rolling?

Donald Trump: Well, it really is, and I don't get treated fairly by the media. So it's a way of going around the media, because I have no choice. I mean, we go around the media, and we're able to do that, and it's been very, very successful, and I think really that social media -- I don't call it tweets, I call it social media, because it's a whole broad array.

Donald Trump: But without social media, I wouldn't be able to get the honest word out, because we have not been treated fairly by the media, and that's even been written about. You know, many people agree with that. And so, through social media I can get the word out. And you're right. It's also a way of putting ideas out so people can start talking about them.

Donald Trump: But we've done a lot. We really like it, and you see the kind of crowds we have. We have thousands of people outside they can't get in. So that's a good feeling.

Greg Glover: One more question for you before we get the wrap here. You've got thousands waiting for you out there. How do you reach the moderates that won't come to a rally, that don't wear the red baseball caps? What is your plan for that? Because the races are so close in so many states.

Donald Trump: Yup. But I think we've reached the moderates. You know, the moderates want to have border security, and I'll tell you, we've really reached women. They said that for '16, that maybe I wouldn't do well with women, and then we did unbelievably well with women, and we're doing well with women right now, because they want security.

Donald Trump: They want financial security, which we're certainly doing a great job with. But we're also giving great border security, great military security. When you look at what our military does, when they go to that border, look at the way they have that secured up already. We have the best military -- and we've had to do it over the last two years, because it was so badly depleted.

Donald Trump: Women want security, and they get security with me, and they don't get it with the other side of all.