Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jeanine-pirro-fox-news-february-24-2018

Jeanine Pirro: Joining me now by phone, the President of the United States, Donald Trump. Good evening, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Good evening.

Jeanine Pirro: Well, first of all, let me say that we are delighted to have you on "Justice"" tonight and there is so much breaking news now. The democrat memo just came out. And of f course

Donald Trump: Well all you do is you see this Adam Schiff, he has a meeting, and he leaves the meeting, and he calls up reporters and then all of a sudden they have news, you are not supposed to do that. It's probably illegal to do it.

Donald Trump: He'll have a committee meeting and leak all sorts of information and you know, he's a bad guy. But certainly -- the memo was a nothing. It confirmed basically if you look at it -- it confirmed -- I watched Miss Herridge, who's fantastic, on your show just before, and I will tell you that was really just a confirmation of - if you call it the republican memo or Nunes memo, it's referred to as a lot of things -- but that was nothing but a confirmation. And a lot of bad things happened on the other side. Not on this side, but the other side --

Jeanine Pirro: And you know what's interesting --

Donald Trump: -- and somebody should look into it. Because what they did is really fraudulent and somebody should be looking into that. And by somebody, I'm talking about you know who.

Jeanine Pirro: I have a feeling I know who it is, Mr. President. Look, one of the things I thought was interesting -- so here we have the democrat memo and thank you for complementing Catherine Herridge, she's right next to me, she's right next to me. She'll be on in a moment. We love Catherine Herridge. But for --

Donald Trump: Well she is able to take -- you know Jeanine, she's able to take a very complex document and very systematically, you know -- essentially say the truth.

Jeanine Pirro: Well she drills it down.

Donald Trump: -- and that document was really, it really verifies and a lot of bad things in that document. That document really verifies the Nunes memo. And that's why they didn't push hard to have it.

Donald Trump: If you notice -- they did not push it hard because they understood this was going to happen. And just in look around and seeing reports, a lot of people are saying that. That's a very bad document for their side.

Jeanine Pirro: Well in addition to that, Mr. President, you know after 18 months, not any kind of reference to any collusion. But I have to tell you with Adam Schiff just tweeted --

Donald Trump: And by the way, that is true, Jeanine. You have all these committees, everybody's looking. There is no collusion. No phone calls - I had no phone calls, no meetings, no nothing. There is no collusion. I say it all the time. Anybody that asks. There is no collusion.

Donald Trump: I was - you know -- I don't want sound braggadocious, I was a far better candidate, she was not a good candidate. She went to the wrong states. She didn't go to Michigan enough. She didn't go to Wisconsin at all. She didn't do a good job in North Carolina. She did a poor job in Ohio and a poor job in Pennsylvania and you can add Florida into the mix. And you know, frankly, that's what it was all about. It was nothing to do with Russians.

Jeanine Pirro: Well, clearly -- I think all the evidence points in that, but Adam Schiff has just seconds ago tweeted: "Wait a minute

Jeanine Pirro: I guess you - you got him in the gut there. What do you say to that, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well I would say sort of all of those. But look he was just -- need intelligence that brings our nation together. And a lot of people are tearing our nation apart on this and other subjects. They are tearing our nation apart.

Donald Trump: And I have to tell you, every time the folks over in Moscow, the Russians as he likes to call them, every time they watch, every time they see him and others get on and do what he did, he got scammed by somebody pretending to be a Russian.Donald Trump

Donald Trump: And your Senator Warner got scammed also. It's okay for them to be dealing, but if we have any kind of a contact with anybody, even though it has nothing to do with anything important, it's a big deal.

Donald Trump: But Senator Warner, he got scammed and if you look at Adam Schiff, last week, two weeks ago-he got by somebody and that was fine. And he spoke to this person. Thought he was a Russian. But it didn't work out that way, he wasn't a Russian. So we have to bring country together, Jeanine.

Donald Trump: And what's happening is this and other things are ripping it apart and it's been this way for a long time. This isn't just over the last year when I've been here -- it was terrible during the Obama administration.

Donald Trump: And by the way I have to say, Obama was the president during all of this meddling or whatever you want to call it with Russians and others possibly.

Donald Trump: But Obama was the president. He's the one that was supposed to take care of this and he didn't. Nobody brings that up. He was warned and he didn't which makes it even worse. But he was the president during this period of time, during the entire period of time and he did nothing about.

Donald Trump: So somebody should -- and I have to say, a lot of the fair people, and people frankly love my administration, they bring it up all the time, but Obama was the president.

Donald Trump: He did nothing about it. With all of that being said, we have to come together as a nation. And we have to get it done. A lot of great things are happening. Our economy is incredible.

Donald Trump: I'm renegotiating trade deals. There are no trade deals ever negotiated that have been bad like the trade deals we've had negotiated whether it's NAFTA, the deal with South Korea, TPP -- I was able to keep us out of that, that would have been a total disaster.

Donald Trump: The World Trade Organization deal, that's what really led to the emergence of China -- you look at China, they became rich when they made the World Trade Deal. The World Trade Organization, WTO. We have to change it. We can't allow our workers, our country, our companies to be ripped off like this, and they understand that.

Donald Trump: And that's why they are starting to move back into the United States. Chrysler's coming back, Foxconn is coming in, the big company that makes the Apple, different things for Apple. Some of the biggest companies in the world.

Donald Trump: They are coming back into our country because of what I'm doing. But we have to come together, Jeanine as a nation. And we shouldn't be fighting like this. We should all be on the same team. That includes Adam Schiff - we should all be on the same team. They shouldn't have two sides fighting, all the time -- fighting.

Donald Trump: We should all come together as a nation. With that being said, I have to add one thing. Congressman Nunes, if this continues to go forward, I think some day he's going to be greatly honored for his service and for what he's done.

Donald Trump: He has been very, very brave in the face of a lot of obstacles. What he found out has been incredible. I give him tremendous credit. But I have to say this. We have to come together as a nation.

Jeanine Pirro: You know Mr. President, your approval rating is soaring. And you know, we can talk about the economy and a low unemployment and the stock market and all of the great things that have been happening the economy, but you have accomplished all of this.

Donald Trump: And by the way, there is a poll that puts you at 50 percent -- At CPAC you were 93 percent approval rating. You did all this in one year with the economy. To what do you attribute these incredible advances?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I have had a lot of good ideas and I have a lot of energy. I get things done. I'm very proud of what happened with the economy. If they would have gone with other direction -- in the other direction, they would not have gotten rid of regulations.

Donald Trump: I really believe that while the tax cuts are the biggest ever, there has been no bill like that - that's including ANWR and including getting rid of the individual mandate, which is the worse thing going on Obamacare and healthcare is starting to really come along now well.

Donald Trump: You're going to see premiums start to drop. But with all of that being said, I think regulation -- the cutting of regulations is what has given us as you know the tax cuts just happened a fairly short while ago. I have been cutting regulations now for over a year substantially.

Donald Trump: Only unnecessary regulations. But you couldn't build, you couldn't do anything. Look at the pipe lines. If you look at the Keystone Pipeline, if you look at the Dakota Access Pipeline, Jeanine.

Donald Trump: 48,000 jobs -- they were dead; and I approved them at the beginning of my administration and environmentally superior. Because you are underground as opposed to trucking and all the things you have to do to get the product to the various coasts to where it's going to the refineries.

Donald Trump: It's been an incredible period. I was saying before and somebody readily agreeing with me, I don't think any administration has done as much as we've done in the first year, I don't think it's even close, between the taxes, the regulations, Justice Gorsuch, many district judges and many court of appeal judges.

Donald Trump: And many more to go. We have great judges literally just waiting. We have a tremendous problem with Senator Schumer where he's not approving people that are working in the administration. It's unprecedented.

Donald Trump: We have hundreds of people who have taken so long to get approved and we have people who are still waiting to get approved in the trade groups and - you know, very important groups, Jeanine. The democrats - I mean the one thing democrats are incredible at is obstruction - the one thing they're incredible at -- they use it. They resist. And really, it's just bad for the country.

Jeanine Pirro: It's very bad.

Donald Trump: So hopefully that can get done and hopefully we can get DACA done. I would like to do that for the Hispanics out there. You know I did very well with the Hispanics, much better than anyone would have thought. I'm the one that's pushing DACA and the democrats are nowhere to be found.

Jeanine Pirro: Well what's amazing is that you know, they continue to try to promote their narrative. But I wanted to ask you about something you talked about at CPAC yesterday, that was very well received. And that has to do with -- in the wake of the Parkland, Florida school shooting. You talked about expanding background checks on guns.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jeanine Pirro: How do you think that's going to happen?

Donald Trump: Well I think it is going to happen. I think we have tremendous support. You know, the Republican party has really come together. It's become very unified. You see that also with the poll, I think that was one of the straw poll questions that were asked and at the CPAC which was a tremendous conference, by the way. Tremendously successful.

Donald Trump: And it was about the whole thing, the party coming together. And it really is, it's really coming together. I have spoken to many senators and congressmen today, yesterday, the day before, and I think we're going to have a great bill put forward very soon having to do with background checks, having to do with getting rid of certain things and keeping other things, and perhaps we'll do something on age, because --

Donald Trump: Jeanine Pirro

Donald Trump: -- it doesn't seem to make sense that you have to wait until you are 21 years old to get a pistol, but to get a gun like this maniac used in the school, you get that at 18. That doesn't make sense. Frankly, I explained that to the NRA. They are great people. Wayne and Chris and all of them - they are great patriots. These are great people. But I said fellas, we have to get going on some really good legislation.

Donald Trump: So background checks will be very important. At the same time, there's is no bigger champion for the Second Amendment than I am. I am the champion of the Second Amendment.

Jeanine Pirro: Well I don't think there's any question about that.

Donald Trump: And we need protection. You have to have protection. You see what happened with the police officers that didn't have the guts to go in. Now it turns out I guess there was four of them.

Jeanine Pirro: Four of them. That's my -- that's my open tonight.

Donald Trump: Incredible. If we would have had some great teachers that were gun adept -- meaning really understood weaponry and guns, and if they had concealed permits, you wouldn't have this problem today. You just wouldn't have it.

Donald Trump: And you know, they have one other thing. They love those children. The teachers. They love those children. That coach that was so brave who ran into gunfire to protect the kids -- if he had his gun concealed, if he had gun, he would've been - he'd be alive today. Most of the people -- it would be a whole different story.

Donald Trump: But he would have been shooting instead of running into someone totally unarmed who was a maniac. So you know, there is a lot of good things happening, Jeanine. We're going to get it stopped.

Donald Trump: The one big thing is when these crazy people, who are cowards, when they hear or know that randomly you will have maybe 20 percent of the teachers, 15 percent of the teachers inside having concealed, and these are experts at what we are talking about, they will never go into the building. You're are never going to have this problem.

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Donald Trump: And you know, we have certain states that do this and nobody talks about them, but it's been very successful. But he would never have run into the building if he thought that bullets were going to come flying back into him. In fact he left the building pretending he was a student.Donald Trump

Jeanine Pirro: Right, right. And you know, the shame of it all, Mr. President, and I know you have to go. But the idea of those with mental illnesses, describing -- and psychiatric problems is something that we really have to deal with because I think one of the common threads of all of these shooters is that they are you know mentally deficient, wackadoodles, nuts, evil --

Donald Trump: That's true. Well that would be part of the background checks. We would have a very, very hard section and we would - we would have a section on - a very powerful section mental illness. And somebody who is mentally ill should not have a weapon, should not have a gun.

Donald Trump: And that would be covered in the background checks. I think the NRA will be for it. I think that a lot of people - I mean this certainly should be bipartisan. But we are drawing up strong legislation right now having to do with background checks, mental illness. I think you will have tremendous support. It's time. It's time.

Jeanine Pirro: It is. It is.

Donald Trump: It's been many years. You know, I'm not here that long in tall fairness. You have had this going on for a long time. It's time to get it done and get it done right. But they have to know, that if they go into a school with bad intentions, there are big consequences.

Donald Trump: It's not going to be like the was for this guy, where after he was finished, he walks out with the other students pretending he's a student. and got away except for one very great policeman that in a different town fairly far away --

Jeanine Pirro: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- he said I think this is the guy they are looking for and he nabbed him, pretty good job. I mean in all fairness that man did a great job.

Jeanine Pirro: Well there are some unsung heroes.

Donald Trump: But they have to know there are consequences -- if they go into a school, you know, gun-free zone is just - that's like target practice for these guys. They see that and that's what they want, it's very dangerous. Gun-free zones are very dangerous because bad guys loved gun-free zones, Jeanine.

Jeanine Pirro: Yeah, yeah. Let me ask you one more thing. You talked about adding $700 billion to the military.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jeanine Pirro: And I think you said yesterday it was going to hell - something like that. I know that you support the military and you are giving them the resources they need. Are we going to have a parade?

Donald Trump: Well, I would like to have a parade. A lot of the generals would like to have a parade to celebrate what we are doing. You know, our military was very depleted. It was going in the wrong direction and I want to have by far the most of powerful military in the world. I want it to be more powerful than we've ever had it.

Donald Trump: And we need that today Jeanine. I see what's going on, better than anybody, I see what's going on in the world. The world is a tough place, and we want to be stronger than we ever were. As you know, just recently I got a budget. I would have loved to have cut the budget, but we need -- our military's has been so badly hurt for so many years even beyond President Obama.

Donald Trump: I mean it's been hurt for many, many years and depleted. We had sequester, which is a disaster. And I got $700 billion and $716 billion next year. That will rebuild our military. We'll have a tremendous updated, the top of the line, there will be nothing like it. We need that.

Donald Trump: But to get that, I was forced to give democrats, you know, many billions of dollars for things that it would normally not have done. You know, they don't care so much about the military. Sadly. They don't care so much about people pouring across the border -- MS-13.

Donald Trump: They're not worried about MS-13, if anything they want to protect MS-13.

Jeanine Pirro: Sanctuary.

Donald Trump: And these where vicious people. By the way, these aren't people who use guns. These are people that like using knives because it's more painful.

Jeanine Pirro: Yeah, I know.

Donald Trump: And we've gotten thousands of them -- literally thousands, you know that out of the country and put them in jail and out of the country. But we need the wall. We need border security, and we have to stop MS-13 and a lot of really bad people, and drugs from pouring into our country. And you see the numbers. We've stopped - I mean the numbers are way down from what they were.

Jeanine Pirro: Oh yeah.

Donald Trump: But that's not good enough. We can't - we have to stop them all, it's not good enough. So we're going have tremendous border security - that's part of what we --

Jeanine Pirro: -- and you're going to do that with a wall? When are we getting the wall?

Donald Trump: -- want right now.

Jeanine Pirro: When are we getting the wall?

Donald Trump: Well we're going to get the wall. The democrats have actually agreed to that. But I have to get more. We need other things. We need something to do with chain migration and something to do with Visa lottery. I mean we actually have lottery systems where you go to countries and they do lotteries for who comes into the United States.

Donald Trump: Now, you know they are not going to have their best people in the lottery, because they're not going to put their best people in a lottery. They don't want to have their good people to leave. So we get these people, and then you'll have like the incident like we had on the Westside Highway --

Jeanine Pirro: -- in New York --

Donald Trump: -- where this guy who comes in through chain migration and Visa lottery -- runs over and kills 8 people and badly injures. You know nobody talks about all of the people, whether it's the school, or on the Westside Highway -- people that go out to put themselves in shape and they end up losing legs and arms.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever talks about the people who are so horribly hurt and injured. But this guy runs his truck into people. Killed eight people and injured many and he came in through the system.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want that. I want people to come in ultimately -- we want people to come in through merit and you know, we're going to need merit. We need people to come into our country because we have so many companies now moving in because of the regulations and because of what we did with the massive tax cut, which is great for the companies and they are going to hire the people.

Donald Trump: Then we're going to need people to take care of the companies. So -- but we want people based on merit. Not based on the fact they are thrown into a bin and many of those people are not the people you want in the country, believe me.

Jeanine Pirro: Well clearly. Clearly. And if we were to have a parade -- I'm stuck on the parade -- when do you think we can have this parade? Because I want to go, my kids wanna go --

Donald Trump: We are talking about probably Veterans Day, it's preliminarily, you know, being discussed. But we're talking about probably Veterans Day. I like July 4 because July 4 in Washington D.C. would be beautiful.

Jeanine Pirro: Yes.

Donald Trump: It would be down -- up and down Pennsylvania Avenue. A lot of it would be fly-overs. I was at the Bastille Day Parade in France with the president of the France, very good guy.

Jeanine Pirro: Oh, OK.

Donald Trump: And it was quite something and frankly, I think it's great for spirit. The military loves it, they love the idea. We would have West point and Annapolis, and the Air Force Academy, Coast Guard Academy.

Donald Trump: And it would just be a great representative parade. It would have a lot of plane fly-overs, I think it would be great for the spirit of the country, you know? We have a great country and we should be celebrating our country. So, we'll see if we can do it at a reasonable cost.

Donald Trump: And if we can't, we won't do it. But the generals would love to do it, I can tell you, and so would I. I think it's great for our country in terms of being a cheerleader and the spirit. It's very important. Hello?

Jeanine Pirro: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yes?

Jeanine Pirro: Oh, I'm sorry I didn't hear you. Let me ask you finally -- the mainstream media, they don't seem to be ending their attacks on you, and yet as your approval rating is soaring and as you do -- make all these accomplishments. Do you think at some point they will have to give in?

Donald Trump: I think what they're going to do is six months before the election in 2020, they're going to all endorse me and they're going to be so nice. Because if they don't have me, their ratings are going to die and they're all going to go out of business. OK, you know?

Donald Trump: They get good ratings because of whatever's going on -- I mean because of me. And I think what happens is I'm sure they'll all endorse - you know I'm being a little sarcastic when I say that.

Jeanine Pirro: Yes.

Donald Trump: I expect them all to endorse me and cherish me right up until that point and then probably after I win they will go after me again. But their ratings are good. I will say -- FOX ratings are phenomenal. CNN has not been doing well. MSNBC is now in second place over CNN.

Donald Trump: But FOX is beating everybody. And you people have been very fair. Not good, you've been very fair to me, that's all I asked for is fairness. Now, I call it fake news. There is so much fake news, Jeanine, it's just incredible.

Jeanine Pirro: It is, it is. And finally, Ivanka -- Ivanka, have you heard from her?

Donald Trump: I have. She is working hard. She is doing a great job. You know Ivanka very well. There is no better representative that we can have go over to a pretty tough place right now in the world in South Korea. She is over at the Olympics and she is with the president of South Korea.

Jeanine Pirro: Right

Donald Trump: You have North Korea surrounding her, it's a very interesting situation. So I have spoken to her. We cannot have a better, smarter representative.

Jeanine Pirro: Well, Mr. President, I can't thank you enough for calling in to "Justice"". We are very honored that you did so. Congratulations on your approval ratings

Donald Trump: Well I love your viewers, I want to tell -- you do and I do too. And congratulations on your success, because I did look at your ratings over the last couple weeks and you are doing fantastically and so is our friend Watters.

Donald Trump: Our "Watters World" man is doing great also

Jeanine Pirro: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President. We're honored.