Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-news-night-bream-october-10-2018

Shannon Bream: Mr. President, welcome to Fox News @ Night.

Donald Trump: Hi, Shannon.

Shannon Bream: Great to have you with us. Let me start by asking you about the hurricane response and coordination. I got to confess, I grew up there in the Panhandle. A lot of folks I love were hit today. I know you've talked to several of the governors. How does it look?

Donald Trump: Well, it was a tough windstorm. The wind was probably more dangerous than anything else. I was just listening to Rick, where it was third or fourth ever in recorded history, and that's exactly what it was. So to a certain extent, we don't know, because it's so dark, and all the electric is out, but we hear there's a lot of damage, and it's a tremendous wind damage. Tremendous. A lot of things are blown over. Hopefully not houses with people in them.

Shannon Bream: You were criticized tonight by some for going to the rally in Pennsylvania. I want to give you a chance to respond your critics who said it was political. You shouldn't have gone during the storm.

Donald Trump: Well, if I didn't go, they would also criticize it. And the problem I had Shannon is this was set up a long time ago. We had thousands of people lined up from yesterday. I mean, literally, they stayed 24 hours and sometimes more than that to go to these rallies. They like them. You probably saw the pictures on television tonight. Tonight, thousands and thousands of people outside after the arena, it was a big arena but it was full, and we had to have 15 or beyond that thousand people outside. And, so you had these people waiting for hours, many hours. And if I didn't go, that would have been the wrong thing too. And, more importantly than anything, we have people in Florida, we have people in the White House. I had everything set up an Air Force One. I was in total communication. In fact, I spoke with the governors of Alabama, the governor of, as you know, of Georgia I spoke with Rick Scott. We were in constant communication. Did the rally, and people had a fantastic time. It was a very important rally tonight. But it would have been very unfair to have people waiting for 10 and 12 and more than that hours, and then say, by the way, I'm not going to be there tonight. It would have been pretty tough.

Shannon Bream: Well, Mr. President, as much as they like to go, we know you like to go too. I mean, you love to be out there campaigning as much as you can. Just under a month ago, now, to the midterms. Politico had this headline yesterday. It says the GOP house is crumbling. A lot of folks who turned out for you in 2016, are you confident they'll show up in the midterms as well?

Donald Trump: Well, that's what I'm trying to get out. I mean, I'm -- I guess, people like me, because you see what's going on, and you see the poll numbers,  it came out with 52 today, one of the big polls, and -- and we do -- and they say there were a lot of people beyond that, when they hang up, they say that's a Trump voter. That's my kind of person. But, the fact is that I think we're doing really well. I'm looking at the Senate votes, and races that we were not even going to contest, we're now winning. If you look at North Dakota if you look at -- I could name four or five of them, but I want to jinx myself by doing it, but many of the Senate races that we didn't think we were even going to be contesting, to a large extent, we are now leading. We have some great candidates, and very importantly, we're finding the same thing now with the -- with the House. A lot of it has to do with the horrible abuse that now Justice Kavanaugh suffered last week at the hands of these Democrats, they went --  they went absolutely crazy. It was disgraceful. I think they disgraced their party and they disgraced themselves.

Shannon Bream: Well, let me ask you about that because today, the FBI director Christopher Wray was on the Hill and taking a lot of questions from some of those Democrats. Some of them, who are on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and who really opposed now Justice Kavanaugh, and they were pressing the FBI director on whether or not you, or others the White House, tied his hands when it came to their supplemental investigation they did in that one week delay. What do you say?

Donald Trump: Well, what did he say? I'd be curious, because I was out there working very hard on the hurricane, and other things. What did he say?

Shannon Bream: Well, he basically said there were some things that he couldn't divulge, and that they was carried out by standard procedure, and there are a lot of folks wondering if you would release the FBI scope letter that directed them in that?

Donald Trump: Well, I do whatever really the Senate wanted, because, look, the Senate was well-run, so well-run by Senator Grassley, and whatever they would like to do is okay with me. If they want to release, it's okay, and if they don't want to release, I could understand that also. But again, it was going to be their vote, and I let them do whatever they wanted to do, and that included the investigation itself. What they wanted, and if they wanted something, they would have either let us know, or they could have directly let the FBI know, as far as I would be concerned. So, obviously the reports were very strong, because everybody that read them came away and said, everything said was totally uncorroborated, or not true. And, I think it was a disgrace, frankly. And I am glad we went the extra week, because by coming the extra week and going the extra week, we ended up exactly with that. So, it -- it was -- it was in many ways a very sad period of time for this country to have a man like that go through what he had to go through, and his family and his young daughters, to go through a situation like that, where they were leaking, and I think a lot of people think they know who leaked it, but where they were leaking, where they were doing things and saying things that were inappropriate. I think the Democrats disgraced themselves during the hearings.

Shannon Bream: What do you think about Dr. Ford? Do you think she went through a tough time? Do you think that she was acting on her own? Do you think she was acting on political or party pressure?

Donald Trump: I just don't have an opinion on that. It was 36 years ago. There were no complaints during this long, long period of time. When it came right down to it, she didn't know how she got there, she didn't know how she got back. She didn't know, really, the time or the year. She didn't know the house. She didn't know the section, the area. She just know -- she knew that she had one beer. She says she had one beer. That's about it. So, you know, do I have a -- do I have a statement to make? No, I'm not going to make a statement. But I can tell you this: I really believe you need a lot more than that to take somebody who is a world class student, who was a hard worker, who'd never had a problem -- and this wasn't covered, but if you take from the time he graduated from college to right now, he led a very spectacular, clean life, a beautiful life. And if he didn't, he was a high judge -- second highest court, as you know better than I do. If he didn't, that would have been reported in the newspapers almost like it would be reported if I did it.

Shannon Bream: Well, and with some minor exceptions, I would say, most folks thought that you were pretty restrained, when it came to Dr. Ford --

Donald Trump: Right.

Shannon Bream: -- commenting on the Kavanaugh process. Was that difficult for you? Is it something that you think you'll do with other major issues as well?

Donald Trump: Well, I really like the job the Senate did. I thought they were dignified in terms of the Republicans, that is. They were -- they they didn't have to take that time. They could have taken a much earlier vote, as you know. They waited. They watched. They asked the FBI to do a seventh investigation. Don't forget, that was the seventh investigation, Shannon. So they asked for a seventh investigation, and obviously it was very strong. Susan Collins and Lindsey Graham and everybody that went in to read it -- to read it came out and said, wow that was, it was -- number one, they thought it was thorough,  and number two, here was nothing there. So, I'm glad we took the extra week, and you know, people have said I was restrained, and I think that's good. But I was restrained also, because the Senate  really was doing their job as they were supposed to.

Shannon Bream: Let me ask you something else that's come up tonight as far as this involves the Senate Foreign Policy as well. This issue about this missing Washington Post journalist --

Donald Trump: Right.

Shannon Bream: -- the Saudi man Jamal Khashoggi. There's conflicting information coming in. But Senator Corker himself, obviously, a Republican, said: "Based on U.S. intel that he's seen he says everything points to the Saudis being responsible that he's disappeared or that he's been killed." The Turks say the same. The Saudis completely deny that. What does this mean to our relationship with the Saudis if you become convinced the administration at any point becomes convinced that they're responsible for his death or disappearance.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a terrible thing and it certainly would not be a positive I would not be happy at all. And I guess you would have to say so far it's looking a little bit like that and we're going to have to see we're doing a lot of work on it. But it would certainly not be a not be a good thing at all.

Shannon Bream: What about the senators, a bipartisan kind of talk, now that they would block any further arms sales to Saudi would you support that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that would be hurting us. We don't we have jobs, we have, you know, a lot of things happening in this country, we have a country that's doing probably better economically that it has ever done before. A part of that is what we're doing with our defense systems and everybody's wanting them. And frankly, I think that that would be a very, very tough pill to swallow for our country. I mean, you're affecting us and you know they're always quick to jump that way. I'd have to find out really before I discuss this. I'd have to find out what happened. And we are looking and so are other people. Turkey's looking and a couple of others are looking, the very talented people are involved and we will get to the bottom of it. I do hate to commit to what recourse we take at this -- It's just too early.

Shannon Bream: Have you narrowed your list or made a decision about replacing Ambassador Haley?

Donald Trump: You know the incredible thing -- first of all, Nicky was fantastic and the incredible thing is I really have five or six fantastic people, I think they all do the job really well. And the answer is yes, I don't expect to be adding anybody the list but we have some really talented, brilliant people that will do a great job. Probably over the next week or two I will announce it. Nicky is going to be here as you know 'til the end of the year. And so anybody will be working with her for a little period of time at least, which will be good. But at some point to the very near future I'll be announcing the name.

Shannon Bream: Okay. You can come back here at 11:00. Any time you like to announce, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: No. The show is great, I think I'll do it.

Shannon Bream: Thank you. All right let me ask you about a piece you wrote today, going after this Medicare for All idea. You in that piece call the Democrats radical socialist, you say they want to turn the U.S. into Venezuela. Not surprisingly, Senator Bernie Sanders has responded. He says you're lying about his proposal and he says: "The polls show that Americans want what he's proposing." Your response.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think so because basically you do what he says you're not going to have a country and you are going to have Venezuela and you're going to have to lift up your taxes by three times. You know, we've been cutting taxes and we're giving great -- we're giving great healthcare plans. We just came out with another concept of a plan today that a lot of people are liking very much, and we are -- we are doing a real job and, you know, we get rid of the individual mandate that people hated, which was horrible, that was the Obama plan and Obamacare. We're also keeping the premiums down at a much lower level than they ever were on the Obama administration. And we had to beat other than one senator, or you could put it differently, you know, one senator late in the evening happened to vote against it. Shockingly, even though he campaigned for 10 years -- for eight years against it, you know, we had it done. It was repeal and replace but we're coming up with -- we're really coming up with alternatives that are just as good, and in some cases maybe even better. But we've been able to keep the premiums down much lower than they had previously during the Obama administration, and that's good, and that was that's really through good management of health care. And we have things happening on healthcare that are going to be very, very exciting. But if you look at Bernie, and nobody ever says it,  but the country is not rich enough to even think about doing what they want to do. And number two, if you did what they want to do it would be lousy healthcare, really lousy healthcare. And I think you understand that very well.

Shannon Bream: Well --

Shannon Bream: We're right on it. And a lot of people are saying we're right on it. And if you look at the polls I mean I'm seeing polls that are showing us as per the first part of our conversation that the Senate. Everybody says we're doing very well but the House -- I think we're doing almost as well with regard to the House.

Shannon Bream: -- well, let me ask you though with the polls that show the House slipping away from the Republicans and into the hands of the Democrats. Do you think the polls are inaccurate purposely? Do you think they're flawed? Do you think it's that people aren't answering questions because they happen to be Trump supporters and don't trust pollsters? What's your response to the bad news?

Donald Trump: Well, I've had many inaccurate polls and I've had some that were -- where I found Rasmussen to be very accurate. Actually, The Los Angeles Times was a very accurate poll, Investor's Business -- Investor's Daily. I mean, we had some polls that were very accurate having to do with 2016, but we had some polls that were so far out and we knew they were phony polls, I mean, as far as I'm concerned. But this isn't about that. I think that polls, you know, they call it a generic poll and actually the Republicans are doing well in the generic poll. But I don't know that a generic poll means anything because there are individual races -- The House, there are many individual races. I think we're doing really well. We're looking at races that we didn't think we were going to be winning and now we're even up, but honestly, we're not going to know until November 6. We really are not going to know. And we'll see what happens whatever it is. But I'm out there working hard doing a lot of different things for House members as well as for Senate. They all want me out there and we're getting tremendous crowds and we're getting the word out and getting the word out.

Shannon Bream: I want to make sure I ask you another healthcare question before we leave that because your critics say that you and Republicans are stripping away any pre-existing healthcare condit --  coverage in these plans they say: the plans are cheaper because they offer less. Will you commit to covering preexisting conditions?

Donald Trump: I have. But I have for months. In fact, if you've listened to my speeches, pre-existing conditions -- I'm saying it's being covered 100% and Republicans are doing that. And there was a time where that wasn't being done. But -- and there was a -- there was a time for many years where it wasn't done at all and not even thought of we are 100% for pre-existing and covering people with pre-existing conditions. And I actually -- if you'd look at my last -- you know, for many months, speeches, I cover pre-exist -- I say: "We will cover pre-existing conditions." The difference is that Democrats won't be able to do it because it doesn't fit in their plans and it doesn't work monetarily. They will never be able to do it.

Shannon Bream: Tomorrow you've got a special guest for lunch. Kanye West is coming to the White House.

Donald Trump: I do. I do.

Shannon Bream: How does this work? Does he tell you what he wants for lunch? Do you pick what he's going to get for lunch? Does he get the order when he gets there? How does that work?

Donald Trump: That was never discussed. And also, Jim Brown, who's --

Shannon Bream: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- the greatest running back maybe ever in the NFL, I mean, Jim Brown is a great -- and he was a great lacrosse player that some people say he was a better lacrosse player and yet he was the best football player, he's a great athlete. But Jim Brown is coming. Jim has been a supporter from the beginning of me and, you know, when you look at the unemployment we're the best in the history of our country. Black unemployment is at the lowest level ever in history. You look at median income for African-Americans. It's at the best it's ever been in the history of our country. I mean, I'm doing things for the African-Americans that have never been done by the Democrats. And as you know the Democrats really have had that vote. They've had that vote locked up. It's not so locked up anymore, you know, because I'm producing numbers that they would never able to produce. So, it's a great thing. And Kanye West saw that. Kanye is a smart guy and he saw that, and he saw that a long time ago. Jim Brown saw it. I could name many other great black stars and athletes that are said. You know who they are and you report about them. We have a lot of support. We have a tremendous amount of support and it's gaining all the time because I'm producing. When you look at numbers like that, when it's the best in the history of our country how can somebody fight that?

Shannon Bream: How long does the attorney general stick around, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to see what happens. Let's all see. The nice part is that we are --  everybody's working together. I have a great -- I really have a great Cabinet. Everybody's working hard. They're all working together. And as you can probably see, things are going very well. We finished a big deal with Canada, with Mexico. We finished the deal with South Korea. We're winning with China. China wants to make a deal badly. We're winning with China. We're winning at every front and that's the way I want to keep it. We're doing very well. We'll see what happens with the attorney general. We'll see what happens with some other positions but I will say we have a great Cabinet. I think we have one of the best cabinets ever.

Shannon Bream: How would you rate -- I'm going to give you three senators. Who's your favorite? Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley or Lindsey Graham?

Donald Trump: All of them, I like them all. Don't get me into that. You get me into a lot of trouble. This could be your toughest question. No, the easiest thing --  Look, Chuck Grassley is a strong guy. Gruff, okay, and I say that in a very affectionate way because he's a great guy. He did a fantastic job that was not easy, and then they send the phony paid, you know, protesters in screaming all the time. And frankly, they let them scream because they discredited themselves and they were all put up by the Democrats, they actually admitted, the Democrats admitted that they worked with these people. It's terrible. But Chuck Grassley did a great job. As you know, Lindsey was outstanding. I mean, Lindsey was just absolutely outstanding. His level of -- he just couldn't believe what was happening, it was so nasty and so false, and so such fabricated stories and lies. Lindsey Graham was incredible. And I'll tell you what, Mitch -- and I've been a fan of Mitch, a lot of people don't know this but I've been a fan of Mitch for a long time and we have a very good relationship, which, again, a lot of people don't know that. We've had a lot of success together. And Mitch was fantastic. So really, all three were stars.

Shannon Bream: All right. One last question to you before we go. The dow today, a lot of folks very concerned about what they saw. I know that you've had some theories on that some of your critics say that it's in part because of the trade war with China.

Donald Trump: No. I don't think that.

Shannon Bream: What do you think of that?

Donald Trump: No. I don't think it's sad at all. I mean, the trade war with China would take it as billions of dollars in tariffs from China, from Chinese goods, and it hasn't hurt us at all. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars. We're going to make products here that we're now buying in China. Now that wasn't it. The problem that I have is with the Fed. The Fed is going wild. I mean, I don't know what their problem is, but they're raising interest rates and it's ridiculous because we're winning. I don't call them trade wars, I'd say we're doing, you know, we're doing a little bit of battle, not much. But China, you know, we put $250 billion worth of tariffs and potential tariffs at 25% and we have $267 billion more if I want to do it. But they want to make a deal. Hey, you said that we all said: "Oh, Canada will never make a deal." Well, Canada made a deal, that's a great deal. We opened up Canada for our farmers. You look at Mexico we made the deal. Look at the horrible deal that we had with South Korea that was totally thrown out and renegotiated and now it's a good deal. We'll make a great deal so that's not the problem. The problem, in my opinion, is treasuries and the Fed. The Fed is going loco and there's no reason for them to do it. And I'm not happy about it.

Shannon Bream: All right. One more thing on this issue of civility today. We heard from the former Attorney General Eric Holder saying: "Instead of when they go low we go high." You said: "When you go low it's time to kick them." Hillary Clinton has said: "We don't return to civility until the Democrats either get the House or the Senate back because power is now the only thing Republicans understand." But when you talk to or press people on that they'll say you started this whole thing by encouraging people to, you know, rough up protesters and by going after people with nicknames and all kinds of things. How do you respond?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think so. You know my rallies have been very peaceful. And even at the beginning when there seemed to be conflict they sent paid people to disrupt our rallies. And when you do that, you know, bad things happen, but they were the ones that started everything. So, no, it wasn't us it was -- it was totally the other side. I would have a rally and paid people were going into those rallies causing trouble and in many cases it didn't work out so well for those people. Paid people --

Shannon Bream: But not okay to punch them.

Donald Trump: -- Shannon, paid people were in those rallies. But when I hear Holder making a statement like he made today I think it's a disgrace. And Hillary I really understand she just doesn't get it. She never did. She never will. And that's why she lost the election.

Shannon Bream: Well, I think we all hope that we can get back to some form of civility where we can have disagreements about tough subjects and respect each other in the process. In the meantime --

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so too. I do. I hope so too. I hope we're going to be able to do that.

Shannon Bream: Mr. President, we really appreciate your time and feel free to come in or call any time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Shannon.

Shannon Bream: Have a great night.

Donald Trump: Goodbye.