Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-fox-live-las-vegas-september-20-2018

Sean Hannity: Mr. President. How are you sir? It's an honor to see you. Wave to the fake news media.

Donald Trump: Hello folks.

Sean Hannity: It's great to see you. How are you?

Donald Trump: Good to see you. Nice to see you.

Sean Hannity: You want to sit? You want to stand? What do you want to do?

Donald Trump: Stand, stand.

Sean Hannity: First...

Donald Trump: Where's your camera? Tell me, right here?

Sean Hannity: Yeah, you can look right there. First, you can thank Laura Ingraham who has given us extra Hannity time tonight.

Donald Trump: Well, she's very special and she's doing well.

Sean Hannity: You know what? She's doing well. She's a big supporters are yours. What do you make of where the Kavanaugh hearings are now? There's a new set of demands that have come out.

Donald Trump: I think it's a very sad situation. He's an outstanding person. And frankly, Sean, to see what's going on is just very, very sad. You say, why didn't somebody call the FBI 36 years ago? I mean, you could also say, when did this all happen? What's going on? To take a man like this and besmirch -- now with that being said, et her have her say, and let's see how it all works out.

Donald Trump: But I don't think you can delay it any longer. They've delayed it a week already. And, we're talking about --

Sean Hannity: And you've been -- you've been very accommodating.

Donald Trump: I have been accommodating. I say, let her say what she has to say and let's see how it all comes out. But they've delayed it a week, and they have to get on with it.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, you are dealing with a lot a lot of good economic news today. And, there's a lot of media people, it seems like, all they ever talk -- about John Solomon and Sara Carter broke the big story tonight --

Donald Trump: Great people.

Sean Hannity: -- and what they're saying is, is that even the intelligence community and the FBI didn't want to give the intel to the Obama administration because there were conflicts, and they would weaponize it against you. That's our new information.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not surprised to hear it. If you look at what's been going on over the last couple of years -- and I'm not just talking about from the time I won the presidency. This took place. when I was winning in the primaries. I mean you look at what's going on -- I'm not surprised to hear anything.

Sean Hannity: Before the election, after the election, even the media leak strategy -- Lisa Page had testified that for nine months, they had no evidence at all whatsoever. But it seems to be coming to an end.

Donald Trump: Well it has to come to an end. It's so bad for our country. I call it a witch hunt. It is so bad for our country, and when you see Strzok and Page and McCabe, with his lies, they gets fired for lying. You see all of the things, and Comey for lying and leaking -- you see what went on. It's got to come to an end.

Donald Trump: So bad for our country.

Sean Hannity: The irony in all of this is I have been uncovering all of this. When you think about it, Clinton bought and paid for -- used funneled money, a dossier foreign national put it together --

Donald Trump: A lot of money.

Sean Hannity: They never verified --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Sean Hannity: They never corroborated, and and it was the bulk of information. You have now -- you have now said declassify and redact it. How soon will that be coming?

Donald Trump: Well, we're moving along. We're working along. We're also dealing with foreign countries that do have a problem. I must tell you, I got called today from two very good allies saying, please can we talk? So, it's not as simple as all that. And we do have to respect their wishes. But it'll all come out.

Sean Hannity: You know what? Elections are about peace and prosperity. Your economic record -- I talked about it earlier in the show tonight. Record low unemployment, 14 states. African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, women, youth unemployment. We have great news on the economy. Better news with Kim Jong-un. He's not firing rockets over Japan.

Donald Trump: We're doing very well. Well, honestly Korea -- North Korea, South Korea -- things are working out very nicely. Very, very nicely.

Sean Hannity: Tough sanctions against Russia, and the Iranian economy, and the Chinese economy are both going down as you have taken a tough stand.

Donald Trump: Well, it's time to take a stand on China. We have no choice. You know, it's been a long time, they've been hurting us, and our farmers are great, and our farmers are starting to do very well again. It's very interesting. But we're putting very, very heavy sanctions and other things on various countries, and we're getting along with some countries.

Donald Trump: But, we've been ripped off, Sean, by the world. All of these countries for years and years and we can't do it any more. So --

Sean Hannity: And you're getting better deals with Mexico --

Donald Trump: We had a good deal with Mexico. Good for both. Good for Mexico, good for us. Everybody's happy. NAFTA was a disaster. We lost thousands of plants. We lost millions of jobs. NAFTA was a disaster. We've renegotiated it. We're in the process of working now on Canada. We'll see what happens with Canada. Canada has been tough.

Donald Trump: They charge 300 percent tariffs on dairy products, our farmers -- no good. You can't do that. So uh -- we'll probably be able to -- we'll see what happens. By the way, [Inaudible] work out well anyway. Go ahead.

Sean Hannity: I know -- I'll last one last question, because a lot of people in this arena are waiting for you, as you can see. [Audience cheers] I'll ask one final question.

Donald Trump: Amazing people.

Sean Hannity: Forty seven days from now is the midterm elections. 47 days. We know what the agenda the Democrats are. They want to go after you. They want endless investigations. They want to keep Obamacare. They want to eliminate ICE. They want open borders. They want the crumbs back -- your tax cuts, and my question is -- the question that every American ought to ask is: are we better off than we were two years ago?

Sean Hannity: What do you say to those people that love you, but maybe aren't so hot on their Republican House or Senate member?

Donald Trump: You got to go out and vote. We need more Republicans. We'll get everything we want. We need more Republicans. You want to protect your second amendment. You want to protect everything, you want to protect all of the great success that you've had over the last -- a little more now than a year and a half. Think of it. We're coming up -- can you believe it, on two years when you and I started talking.

Donald Trump: This is what happened.

Sean Hannity: Actually three, when you came down the escalator.

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, if you talk about the campaign itself. But I will say this: you've got to protect --look at what's going on with the Supreme Court. If we're not there, because we're all together as a group, if we're not there to protect, it is going to be some really bad day for this country. So, we're protecting.

Donald Trump: But, we made tremendous gains. You know, the stock market today -- it's a good day today to do an interview, because the stock market today hit the highest level in its history. Today. Now did you work this interview out specifically for that?

Sean Hannity: No I didn't. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: But it was up very big today. But it hit the highest -- all of the markets, today hit the highest level. Now 401(k)s are up 57 percent in a short period of time. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will be cut in half. You will see bad things.

Sean Hannity: Obama never -- Obama never made -- you know, the only President in history that never made 3 percent GDP growth in a year. All right, the budget negotiations. Are you going to demand -- you challenge Republicans, fund the wall completely. Will you insist on it?

Donald Trump: We're getting 1.6 billion, we're continuing -- we spend 3.2 billion. We're continuing to build the wall. I'd like to do it. I could do it so quickly. I'd like to do it in one piece. The Democrats are holding us back. I am told by Republican leadership -- and I hope they do it, because there are a lot of people counting -- you see the people with the wall?

Donald Trump: I want the wall too. [Audience chants Build that wall]

Sean Hannity: They got it -- they got it down.

Donald Trump: That they will do it immediately after the election. We've got a billion six, a lot of money, but not when it comes to --

Sean Hannity: You've already got three billion you spent.

Donald Trump: We've got 3.2 billion. It's being built. We've got a billion six, but we have to do much better than that, because we could do it very quickly. And you know the bottom line? We need it. The Democrats, they want open borders. They want people coming in -- that means crime. We're the opposite. You've got to have a border.

Donald Trump: You don't have a border, you don't have a country. You know that.

Sean Hannity: It's about security. Securing our children. It's about -- and you want a door in your wall?

Donald Trump: It's about security. Oh, it's going to have lots of doors. People are going to come in, but they are going to come in through merit, and they have to come in, because we have companies moving in from all over the world. They're coming back to the United States. The biggest companies -- Foxconn. The biggest companies in the world are coming back.

Donald Trump: We need people, but they have to come in through merit.

Sean Hannity: Yeah. Mr. President, thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Can you thank Laura again? She's probably going to be mad at me.

Donald Trump: Laura. I love your show. I watch it all the time. And you know what? You are special. You really are. It's a good combination.

Sean Hannity: Thank you Mr. President. I know this crowd -- are you ready to hear the President? [Audience cheers] Thank you sir. We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Thank you so much.