Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-josh-smith-wjhl-johnson-city-tn-october-1-2018

Josh Smith: ...[in progress] to thank you very much for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Josh Smith: We have just a few questions.

Donald Trump: Good. Sure.

Josh Smith: First of all, you are at Johnson City tonight to support Republicans across Tennessee --

Donald Trump: Correct.

Josh Smith: -- mostly Senate candidate Marsha Blackburn.

Donald Trump: She is a fantastic woman. Marsha, I've known her for a long time. As you know, I've been in Tennessee a lot. We won by a lot, I think 26 or 28 points, and Marsha has been there for so long with us, and she's going to help us so much, we need the votes, because if you look at what they're doing in the Supreme Court, if you look at what they're doing to us on trade, the other side, meaning, they want, literally, bad trade deals, they want open borders.

Donald Trump: Crime pours in. She will be incredible. She will be a tremendous, solid vote for us and it's very important, and her opponent would be a disaster for us. He'd always vote with Schumer and Pelosi and Maxine Waters, and that group, and they'll never be a time when he votes for us.

Josh Smith: This is a tight race in Tennessee, which is probably a Republican state that voted for you.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Josh Smith: Why do you think this is such a close race at this point?

Donald Trump: Well, I just think, probably, when they get to know Marsha -- you know she was always from a certain area. But she's a Tennessee person. She loves this state, she loves the people of the state. And, also, he was known, he was pretty well known. When you take a look at your Second Amendment, he'll do damage that.

Donald Trump: You take a look at trade, he'll do tremendous damage to that. Raise your taxes, she's going to lower taxes. We're going to be lowering taxes again. So really, Marsha, will be -- I think she's just going to be outstanding, and she's a good person.

Josh Smith: Mr. President, today you announced the new trade deal.

Donald Trump: Right.

Josh Smith: He did it from the Rose Garden.

Donald Trump: Right.

Josh Smith: Right after your announcement, Senator Lamar Alexander said that he had concerns about ongoing tariffs, and the impact on Tennessee, and specifically the automobile industry. For Tennesseeans tonight, why is this new deal a good thing?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great thing, and I'm not using tariffs. I used tariffs to get the deal, because if they weren't willing to make a deal, as an example, of Mexico or Canada, then I would have used tariffs. But we're not going to need tariffs now, because we were able to make the deal. So we're not doing tariffs with respect to this, other than we use it as a negotiating point.

Donald Trump: Now I can say it. Frankly, if we didn't make the deal, I would have used tariffs, because it's a far greater, better thing than what was happening, because NAFTA was a disaster for our country. We lost millions of jobs, we lost thousands of companies. And I would not have allowed that to happen. So we essentially, we're terminating NAFTA.

Donald Trump: We have a new trade deal that's going to be incredible for Tennessee. It's going to be fair. It's going to be a fair deal. You know, NAFTA was a one-sided, horrible deal. It was good for Canada, good for Mexico, bad for us. So Tennessee is doing well, anyway, with all of our economic policies. But this is the capper.

Donald Trump: This is the thing that really will put it into a league that will be pretty much unsurpassed.

Josh Smith: You spoke very vehemently in support of Judge Kavanaugh today in the White House Rose Garden. Has there been any update that you're aware of the FBI investigation today?

Donald Trump: Well, nothing that I know now. But I will say the FBI is doing pretty much as the Senate wants, and we want to know everything. He's a fine man. He's had a great, incredible career. He was a top student, top intellect. The kind of guy you want. People are really loving everything, except for the way he's being treated so badly by the Democrats.

Donald Trump: I mean, so badly. It's -- it's a very unfair situation. So, we think he's going to be in good shape, but we like the idea of the FBI looking for the seventh time -- this is number seven by the way. This is the seventh time they will have looked. And we think that he's going to be in great shape, and hopefully in the very near future they'll take a final vote.

Josh Smith: You've named names when it came to people in the Senate who were questioning him today. What do Americans need to take from your approach to that news conference today where you called people out?

Donald Trump: Well, I did call people -- you look at Blumenthal, where he was a person that said he went to Vietnam, and he was a great war hero. He was never in Vietnam, and yet he's standing up there saying we want honesty, we want all sorts of things, all good things. But you take a look, he talks about transparency.

Donald Trump: I mean, here's a guy who literally for 15 years talked about the fact that he was a great hero in the Vietnam War, that comrades died alongside of him. He was never in Vietnam. And then he's talking about, we want honesty. Cory Booker, who was a disgraceful mayor at Newark, New Jersey. He ran it into the ground.

Donald Trump: And take a look what he said when he wrote stories when he was in high school and college about his relationship to women. Just take a look at what he said. You know what I'm talking about. Or take Dianne Feinstein, where she holds this letter and everything, all information. She holds till after everything's finished, and then she brings it in at the last moment and then they complain they need more time.

Donald Trump: This is dishonest stuff. So we think it's going to be fantastic. I can tell you, the people of Tennessee love our very conservative Supreme Court justice.

Josh Smith: Final question. Is there anything the FBI could tell you at this point would cause you to rescind your nomination of Brett Kavanaugh?

Donald Trump: Well look, if they come in with something negative, I don't expect that. He's had an unblemished 30, 35 years, he's been a top, top judge, highly respected. People thought he'd be a Supreme Court judge for the last 10 years. He was meant for it. He was number one at Yale, I believe. He was number one at Yale Law School, or right up there.

Donald Trump: I think it was actually number one. And, he's a great student. He's a very, very -- I feel, he's a very compassionate guy. What they did to him, and what they did to his family, what they did to his daughters, the things they said, it's just a disgrace, and they shouldn't be allowed to get away with it.

Josh Smith: Do you have any idea when you'll hear the results of the investigation?

Donald Trump: I think pretty soon. I think it's going to move along quickly. We want to move it along quickly. They want to take a vote, and hopefully get them approved. We did Neil Gorsuch, and that was tough, but not like this. Nothing's been like this. Nobody's ever seen anything -- this is just people that want to obstruct, the Democrats, they want to obstruct.

Donald Trump: They want to resist. They run on resist, just resist. They resist everything. And, a lot of bad people, when you look at what they did and what they're doing to that family, of a man who's a highly distinguished man, who's had a tremendous career. It's very sad actually.

Josh Smith: What are you going to tell this crowd, that you are being pulled [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, we have a very big crowd. I was told they have, like, tens of thousands of people that can't get in, and I'm going to tell them I love this state, and that Marsha Blackburn will be a great senator. She'll be a great -- she's a professional. She's a great person, and she'll always give us the vote because, you know, Tennessee likes what I'm doing.

Donald Trump: And you see what I'm doing. Even with the trade deal that was announced with Mexico and Canada. This is a great deal for this state, you know, for Tennessee, for the country. But she's going to be a vote for us, and Bredesen will never be voting for us. He's going to vote the way Schumer wants, he's going to be voting the way Nancy Pelosi wants.

Donald Trump: We don't want that. That's not what we want. We have to have somebody that takes our agenda, because we really have a tiny majority. But literally, I would say, it's a majority of -- if somebody has a cold, if somebody is not feeling well, you don't take the vote. You know, we have one person missing, and it's -- we have to wait around.

Donald Trump: We need more people. And she will be a great, great senator.

Josh Smith: President Trump, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Josh Smith: We really appreciate your time with local television as well.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it.

Josh Smith: Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Enjoy it.