Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-trish-regan-fox-business-october-16-2018

Trish Regan: President Trump feeling pretty confident that Republicans will come up big in the midterms. Here's my exclusive interview with the president of the United States. Here we are. That's about three weeks. Actually, three weeks exactly today from midterms.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Trish Regan: What's your prediction?

Donald Trump: Well first of all, it's very exciting. Second of all, I think we're going to do really well and I -- I -- look, I want to make predictions. I know that my poll numbers are terrific although if you watch certain cable stations they try and make them look less than they are. But we have great poll numbers we have tremendous turnout at these rallies.

Donald Trump: Thousands and thousands of people, more than we can hold. In every case. I mean, there's no case where that doesn't happen. There's enthusiasm like we had at the last election 2016, which was quite a spectacular day and evening. I think we have a lot of enthusiasm. You know I keep hearing about the enthusiasm, the blue wave.

Donald Trump: But I think we have tremendous enthusiasm. I think Justice Kavanaugh -- the way he was treated -- He's an outstanding human being, an outstanding man of great accomplishment and the way those Democrat senators treated him was horrible, was horrified by any standard --

Trish Regan: Were you shocked that...

Donald Trump: -- the leaking, the lying the disgusting things they were saying to them. The -- the false accusations that were made. The third one, this lightweight Avenatti bringing up a person using gangbangs and everything else mean this stuff that was said, and this man didn't even know what they were talking about.

Donald Trump: It was a disgrace to our country. And I'll tell you what, since that we've been energized anyway, but we're more energized since Justice Kavanaugh, and now he is Justice Kavanaugh, and we're proud of it. He's going to be a great one. And I really think that had an impact. But even before that we had tremendous energy.

Donald Trump: So I think we're going to do well. Now who knows? I mean,

Trish Regan: But a lot of that energy is for you.

Donald Trump: History says the opposite.

Trish Regan: Right. Yeah. But a lot of that energy is for you. So when you go and there's tens of thousands of people showing up in one of the stadiums they come to see you. How do you translate that into excitement for the candidates?

Donald Trump: So I've had people come up to me and say, "Sir, I will never vote in the midterms because you don't like Congress." Actually, I like the Republicans in Congress. They have worked hard. We don't really have a majority. If you look, I mean, we have a majority by a vote. I always joke, if somebody had a cold we no longer have -- they have a cold we don't have a majority anymore.

Donald Trump: So. I say, "Go out and vote. We need more Republicans and we will win everything." We're getting the wall. We've already started building it. We're getting everything. But we're lit -- we're no winning on so many different fronts. But we do need more Republicans. So history says, and this is why you asked the question, that whoever is president always seems to lose the midterm but nobody had an economy like we have we have the greatest, nobody reports better than you on that.

Trish Regan: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We have a greatest economy that we've ever had. And numbers just came out today about job openings and everything else. I mean, it's incredible record numbers. So, there's never been a president with this...

Trish Regan: Now, can I ask you?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Trish Regan: Because your critics on the left would say, "No, that's just a result of President Obama's policies finally taking a fact." What do you say to that?

Donald Trump: Years later. If the opposition got into office instead of me they're going to put more rules and regulations in there were going to do things with taxes that would have been a disaster. Raise taxes. They were all going to raise taxes. They we're going to do many other things. So we had 4.2 last month, last quarter.

Donald Trump: And everybody said that's impossible because the most you can go is 2 and you know very slowly but it would never be up to that number, we had 4.2. Had the opposition gotten in, you would be at minus 4.2. You would be so low. You would have job numbers that would be so bad, you would have companies leaving this country, which -- they were flowing out of the country and now they're flowing into the country.

Donald Trump: They we're all wanting to be back in the United States in America. And whenever I hear that I say, "Isn't that sad that they can get away with it." You know, it's the opposition, and they say, "Well, he helped." He didn't even helped. We had the slowest recovery in history, or I guess since the depression, since the Great Depression, and we were heading down.

Donald Trump: Take a look at the early numbers like the early numbers or the late numbers for him, we were heading down 1% GDP. We were going down and we were going down fast. So when I hear that -- and when professionals hear that they left, even professionals from the other side.

Trish Regan: True.

Donald Trump: We opened it up and it's great.

Trish Regan: Well, that's a -- look, the economic accomplishments are significant.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trish Regan: And that a lot to be proud of and I think people are feeling better about things. That said, there's a lot of division right now.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Trish Regan: And you now have people on the left. Almost calling for more of it. I mean, Hillary Clinton saying that that, "We can't be civil." The left cannot be civil right now until we take back effectively the government. Now, fairly or unfairly.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trish Regan: You as the president of the United States have a lot of responsibility in terms of trying to restore that civility.

Donald Trump: That's true. That's true.

Trish Regan: How do you do it?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, it's got a big setback with Justice Kavanaugh. No. 1 at Yale, No. 1 at Yale Law School. You know, just like this person. And when you heard the horrible things said you had to become somewhat aggressive, let's say. But Hillary is a very dishonest person. If you look at the things she says, I mean, they're so dishonest.

Donald Trump: And she was dishonest during the entire campaign, whether it was 33,000 emails that were deleted, that so far nothing has happened with, which is very disappointing from the standpoint of this Justice Department. Very, very disappointing, I will tell you. But you look at all of the tremendous dishonesty that it's got to be cleared up. We're going to get along.

Donald Trump: I think the economy is going to clear a lot of things up when people are really getting the jobs they want. But we have a tremendous powerful base, the Republican Party. And they have to know that going out for the midterms is very important. It's almost like going out for the 2020 election that's coming up in the not too distant future.

Donald Trump: Isn't that incredible that we're already talking about that?

Trish Regan: And I want to get to that.

Donald Trump: But this tremendous enthusiasm for that, tremendous. And I really think, again, this tremendous enthusiasm for the midterms. We'll see, we'll see. If the enthusiasm is there, which it should be. It really should be because they'll take away your tax cuts, they'll put rules, regulations, you'll start losing jobs.

Donald Trump: You're going to --You would -- This would be a terrible thing for the country if that happened. But we'll see what happens. I think we're going to do very well.

Trish Regan: And the economy could restore civility.

Donald Trump: I really think the economy is going to bring people together because people are doing better now. African-American unemployment, the best ever. Asian-American. Hispanic- American. Women. Everything. Every category. I mean, whether you look at median income, whether you look at employment or unemployment, no matter what chart you're looking at. It's either ever or 50 or 60 years.

Donald Trump: The best. The best numbers. It's probably the best economy we've ever had.

Trish Regan: So you mentioned women. Let me asked about that. Because women -- you know, a lot of women are effectively the CFOs, right, of their family. They're paying the bills --

Donald Trump: That's true.

Trish Regan: -- and they're keeping the trains running on time with the family and they want financial prosperity, they want security.

Donald Trump: Right.

Trish Regan: Things that you're offering.

Donald Trump: That's what I'm about.

Trish Regan: If you look at the poll numbers they're not. They're not liking you. So how do you overcome them right now.

Donald Trump: Well number one, I had worst poll numbers when I went into the last election and you saw how well I did with women. I mean, if you looked at my poll numbers going into 2016 you would have said there is not a woman in the country that's going to vote for me. And I did phenomenal with women. I did, in fact, that was one of the reasons probably the reason I won in a true sense.

Donald Trump: Now I also did better with Hispanics than they predicted. I did better with African-Americans than they predicted. I guess they did better with the men stay with me. I don't know why. But with the women -- with the women, they want security and they want financial security too. Look at 401(k)s. So let's say we have a really bad time in three weeks from now.

Donald Trump: Your 401(k) is going to go down tremendously. People are going to lose wealth. If they don't go out and vote then they have themselves to blame because they'll lose wealth tremendous amount. I've built up $11.7 trillion dollars in wealth. You report on it. And if you look at China by the way they're down about $25 trillion dollars in the last five, six months since I started going into what I have to do, which is straightening out the unfair balances.

Donald Trump: That is very unfair.

Trish Regan: What thing came there with China?

Donald Trump: To make a deal. [Inaudible]

Trish Regan: What would that deal be? I mean, would it look like we won?

Donald Trump: Right now I've put tariffs on $250 billion worth of products, right. Nobody's feeling that. There's no inflation or anything in this country. Everyone would say, "Oh, there's [Inaudible]. But there's no -- I mean, the inflation's very low.

Trish Regan: Jerome Powell might think a little [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, no, no. My biggest threat is the Fed because the Fed is raising rates too fast and it's independent so I don't speak to them but I'm not happy with what he's doing because it's going to fast because you looked at the last inflation numbers are very low

Trish Regan: But you put them there. I mean, you think about Janet Yellen and she was so dovish.

Donald Trump: I did. I'm not -- you know what, can I be honest? Can I be honest?

Trish Regan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm not blaming anybody. I put them there and maybe it's right, maybe it's wrong but I think --

Trish Regan: What if he gets it wrong?

Donald Trump: I put -- so a couple of other people there that I'm not so happy with too.

Trish Regan: If he gets it wrong?

Donald Trump: But for the most part I'm very happy with people. Excuse me?

Trish Regan: Well, if he gets it wrong and he misses meetings

Donald Trump: Look, he's being extremely conservative, let me use a nice term. He's being extremely conservative. The problem is I want -- we are just having record numbers. You know, when they try and compare what I'm doing with Obama. Obama was working on zero interest rates. I'm working off real interest rates, almost normalized interest rates, that's a big difference and my numbers are much better.

Donald Trump: But you take a look, you can't compare zero. Give me zero interest rates right now and you take a look at our numbers would be the greatest economy in the history of the world. Nobody would be able to compete with it. We're paying a lot of interest and I think we're paying too much, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: But still it was so strong. And he's doing it because the economy is so good because the economy is so strong. So we'll see how that all works out. I'm not happy but...

Trish Regan: But if he gets it wrong would he be out of a job. I mean, if he starts hiking rates at the time we don't really have inflation.

Donald Trump: Well, No. 1, I don't want for another four years, five years, so look, I am not happy with what he's doing, I will tell you that because inflation -- and I fully get the whole thing, the Federal Reserve I get it, as well as any president who's ever been here. I get it really well but right now that inflation's not here.

Donald Trump: If we start to see it then you start to go and you do what he's doing. But in the meantime, I'd like to pay off debt. I'd like to do other things --

Trish Regan: We've got a lot of it. We've got a lot of it.

Donald Trump: and pay interest. We do and we're going to start reducing costs now that we took care of our military. We had to take care of our military. But we're going to start you'll see that very soon. We're going to start reducing cost. We have such fat in the government but I wanted to take care of our military.

Donald Trump: You have to understand that Democrats have programs that are a total waste of money. But in order to get the military $700 billion and $716 billion, I had to do it because President Obama starved the military. He didn't give them raises, he didn't give them anything. I gave them a 10% pay increase, they haven't had it in a decade.

Donald Trump: We gave them an increase. That's a big thing. I had to do it. Not that anybody's wanting to although I did because I loved the military. Law enforcement, the military, I gave them a raise. But I'm also building brand new planes all made in America. I'm building brand new ships. We're building missiles and rockets and we're fixing our nuclear and we're going to be in tip-top shape in order to get $700 billion and $716 billion, two years, I had to give the Democrats some stuff that I would never give to anybody.

Donald Trump: So they've been -- they're very negative on the military and they're very negative on law enforcement and the border. And I don't see how they win elections that way.

Trish Regan: Breaking tonight: President Trump speaking with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, who denies all knowledge of how or why Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi was killed. This phone call happening after my sit down with the president. Now earlier today I had asked the president what he plans to do about this atrocity.

Trish Regan: So now, part two of my exclusive sit down with the president of the United States. Watch.

Donald Trump: Turkey and Saudi Arabia are looking very strongly. And it depends whether or not the king or the crown prince knew about it, in my opinion. No. 1, what happened but whether or not they knew about it. If they knew about it that would be bad. If they didn't know about it things -- bad things can happen. You look at what they're doing in Iran.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, Saudi Arabia is our partner, they're our ally against Iran and against missiles and against what they are doing trying to take over the Middle East. And by the way, since I'm here, not succeeding. They're heading down the tubes, if you look at what's going on. So Saudi Arabia and they have -- I can only say, I've been here for almost two years.

Donald Trump: They've been a great ally to me, to me. They're investing tremendous amounts of money, they're fighting terror. Now, with all of that being said you can't do what we've been reading about but we're going to learn -- we're going to learn a lot about it. Now, one thing I have to say because you could visit so well.

Donald Trump: They made the largest order in the history of a country for outside -- outside of our country for -- for weapons for any kinds of military weapons missile systems, ships, they're buying.

Trish Regan: From us.

Donald Trump: From us. $110 billion dollars in purchasing. It's 500,000 jobs, American jobs. Everything's made here. Okay. So now people say, "Well, we want to have you and that order." Well, aren't we just hurting our own country. Because here's what's going to happen, they're going to say, "Hey, America won't sell us the missiles we'll buy them from China or buy it from Russia." Ours are better.

Donald Trump: Much better. They'll say, "America won't sell us the ships. America won't sell us the arms that we need." What we'll do is we'll buy them from Russia, China and some others, France, you know, there's some others.

Trish Regan: And so they benefit financially and they might then have a more strategic relationship too with these countries.

Donald Trump: We have senators and congressmen say, "Oh, if they did that we should punish them by not selling them equipment." Well, if we don't sell the equipment they'll buy a lesser quality equipment because we make such -- it's so much better than anybody else but they'll buy it from Russia to buy it from China. So we're not really hurting them, we're hurting ourselves.

Donald Trump: So we want to be smart. I don't want to give up a $110 billion order or whatever it is. It's the largest order ever given by an outside country. Okay. And I don't want to give that up. You're talking about jobs. What I'm doing -- we've created an incredible economy. I want Boeing and I want Lockheed and I want Raytheon to take those orders and to hire lots of people to make that incredible equipment.

Trish Regan: Wow.

Donald Trump: Do you understand? It's a dilemma.

Trish Regan: Yeah. No. I get it but it's complicated stuff. And you know, you're looking at jobs here at home and a lot of money for American companies versus what certainly seems as pretty atrocious. Now we don't know everything but these are -- these are the decisions that you face says president.

Donald Trump: Let's hope -- let's hope we hear the proper answers.

Trish Regan: You mentioned Jeff Sessions earlier.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Trish Regan: We haven't heard a tremendous amount about the Mueller investigation recently. I imagine we're going to hear more after midterms.

Donald Trump: Well, let me just say, first of all there was no collusion, there was no Russia. Do you think I'd call Russia, I need help in Idaho, I need help in Iowa. Oh, let's call Russia it's a it's a con job. Just like some of the other con jobs that you've been saying, it's a total con job. It's a disgrace that they were allowed to do it. This was the Democrats losing the Electoral College, which they should have won easily.

Donald Trump: I don't run the whole east coast. They lost and they come up with this excuse, "We lost because of -- let's see, Russia, yeah, Russia." I didn't make one call to -- the whole thing is so disgraceful. So it continues, it's a witch hunt. It's nothing more than a witch hunt. And most people get it including Democrats.

Donald Trump: They wink at me they look at me they wink at me. The Democrats get it too. But we'll see what happens. If this continues onward and Jeff Sessions should have never let it happen. He should have never recused himself. I mean, he's a man recused himself. Why wouldn't he said I'm going to recuse myself, I wouldn't put him in that position.

Trish Regan: But he's in a position now, is he going to stay in the position?

Donald Trump: I'm not going to tell you that. We'll see what happens. But I think it was a disgrace. And by the way, my enemies people that are on the other side say for him to have taken the job and for him to immediately have recused himself is a disgrace. They say, "Trump is right about that."

Trish Regan: Yeah. Do you think that in some ways Vladimir Putin is kind of getting what he may have wanted? And I say this because it almost didn't matter to the Russians who won but it certainly mattered in that they wanted to create this -- this division because it's harder as a country, right?

Donald Trump: The answer is yes because our Justice Department and FBI played right into the hands with this stupid investigation or whatever you call it. People said I'm not under investigation. You know I'm not a target of this investigation, which nobody ever likes to say but put it -- it played right into their hands because if they want to sow -- they use the words sow chaos, sow chaos, they've got it for nothing.

Donald Trump: They didn't do anything, they got it for nothing. We did it to ourselves, the chaos. The stupid cast. Now, it hasn't been talked about for a long time because people don't believe it. Who's going to believe that I called Russia to give me help and everyone does say, Richard Burr, the other day, they asked him, he's the head of the Senate Intelligence.

Donald Trump: And they asked him, "Did you see collusion?" "No. I see no collusion." He just said that, you know, he -- he haven't -- they haven't issued their final report but he said there was no collusion. The -- as you know the House, Devin Nunes, they came out with the ruling. There was no collusion but Richard Burr, they asked him the other day during actually the floods in North Carolina, South Carolina they said, "What about this committee?" He said, "We have found no collusion." You know why?

Donald Trump: Because there is no collusion.

Trish Regan: So collusion aside, I mean, the concern is that Putin and his folks over there and Russia and maybe the Chinese are trying to do the same thing.

Donald Trump: I think they're laughing at us.

Trish Regan: Are trying to tweak us, right? And they -- they kind of like this division but --

Donald Trump: Because these people, not me, these people are played right into the hands. Assuming, you know, I keep hearing they like to sow chaos so a word from Old English. They sow chaos.

Trish Regan: Now we got something of that right now.

Donald Trump: Now we put it. I mean, it's ridiculous. I believe that they laugh at it. Yeah, we played right into their hands.

Trish Regan: Let me ask.

Donald Trump: With that being said, nobody has been tougher on Russia. No president. At least, certainly, in the sem-modern era has been tougher than I am. I gave weapons to Ukraine, Obama gave them pillows, he gave them those, that's what he actually gave them, pillows, he wouldn't give them any weapons. And the one that brought up the scam of the pipeline, where Germany is paying them billions and billions of dollars for natural gas.

Donald Trump: I have -- nobody even knew about it. I mean, they knew about it but nobody talked about. I made it a big issue.

Trish Regan: So your policies been tough. But...

Donald Trump: Well, look at my policies on energy.

Trish Regan: Yes.

Donald Trump: She wanted to put windmills all over the place, which don't work. I'm opening up our country to natural gas and oil and to the kind of things [Inaudible] --

Trish Regan: So I got to ask you. I got to ask you.

Donald Trump: and that's competition for Russia.

Trish Regan: Helsinki. You know, you've got a lot of criticisms --

Donald Trump: It was a great meeting.

Trish Regan: -- including from me. Full disclosure, you know what, I wondered why you weren't tougher on Putin but you've said you had a great meeting you met with him one on one. What happened there?

Donald Trump: Trish, if I was tough, it's easy for me. It's easier for me to tough. We had a great meeting with him before that, we had a two-hour meeting and then we had another meeting, I guess, with a lot of people and they were great meetings. That was very tough but they were great meetings.

Trish Regan: But why were they great?

Donald Trump: Let me explain. Then we had a press conference. So when I was very tough with North Korea, with Kim Jong-un, everyone's saying, "Oh, he's going to cause nuclear war." Well, we're doing great with North Korea. Okay. As you understand we're doing great. No missiles fired, we got back our hostages, everything.

Donald Trump: Everything. We're doing great. Everybody's saying, "He's too tough on North Korea. He's too tough he's going to cause nuclear warfare." Okay. Look. Look what it turned out. With Putin, they want me to go up and have a boxing match with them onstage. I was nice to him. I was nice to him. But what happened is when I walked off the stage everyone said, "Oh, that was great." We're on the plane all of a sudden the fake news start saying, "Oh, Trump was tough enough." And let me tell you, if I was too tough, let's say Trump was too tough.

Donald Trump: I could have a very good relationship with Russia having a good relationship with Russia would be a good thing not a bad thing.

Trish Regan: Did you tell him in that meeting?

Donald Trump: This stupid investigation hurts us from having a good relationship. Don't forget, we're a great nuclear power but so are they. And having a good relationship is not a bad thing.

Trish Regan: Did the tell him in the meaning he's got to knock it off?

Donald Trump: I told him. Let me just tell you what I told. We talked about Israel. We talked about meddling, I said no more meddling, if you did meddle. I said no more meddling. To which he says," I didn't meddle, I didn't meddle." I said no more meddling. You know, Obama said knock it off and yet Obama is talking to his second in charge and he's saying, "Tell Vladimir I'll talk to him after the election." I mean, look, in terms of meddling, Obama was told in September, just prior to the election, that Russia was trying to meddle in the election.

Trish Regan: Right.

Donald Trump: He didn't do anything about it he didn't even say anything about it. He only brings it up after the election. That should be your investigation. Why didn't he do something about it. Here's the good news it didn't affect one vote but Obama was to -- and everybody agrees to that, but Obama was told before the election in September by the FBI about Russia and possible Russian meddling.

Donald Trump: You know what he did? Nothing. You know why? Because he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win and he didn't want to do anything to upset that. And just to finish. The last thing that Putin wants now, I can tell you, is Trump. He'd much rather have Clinton, although I hope...

Trish Regan: China doesn't want you either, right?

Donald Trump: Excuse me?

Trish Regan: China doesn't want you either?

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't think that China is too happy with me because we are winning with China for the first time. A man named Pillsbury, an expert.

Trish Regan: I know, Michael Pillsbury.

Donald Trump: I saw him, I think, on your show actually. He said that China for the first time he's never seen anything like it, were doing so well. And he said much more than that but I'd say it you'll say I'm bragging, I don't want to do that. But we're doing great against China. We're doing great against Russia.

Trish Regan: We're going to make certain that none of them interfere, right? That they're not interfering in midterms, they are not interfering in 2020.

Donald Trump: Of course. I've done more -- excuse me, I've done more having to do with the new election -- the election coming up than Obama ever did on 2016, ever.

Trish Regan: That's good.

Donald Trump: I don't really keep anything but ask Obama why didn't he do something when the FBI told him about it because he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win.

Trish Regan: Okay. Quick question. 2020.

Donald Trump: Right.

Trish Regan: You're running?

Donald Trump: Yes. 100%.

Trish Regan: Michael Bloomberg might be running.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Trish Regan: Yeah?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Sure. I think it'd be easy. I think it'd be so easy --

Trish Regan: How do you think you do...

Donald Trump: -- I don't think he'll get -- Well, I don't think he'll get through the Democrats.

Trish Regan: I know he wouldn't be able to do anything in the primaries because of where the party's going?

Donald Trump: I think -- I think the Democrats will eat him up. You know, you have a lot of people running you have been hearing names that are shockingly bad but they're nasty.

Trish Regan: Avenatti?

Donald Trump: I think that -- Oh, I don't think he's a serious person. He's not I don't think Avenatti, the lawyer? I don't think he's -- I just beat him in a big case. I just --

Trish Regan: By the way, you're going to have her pay the legal fees?

Donald Trump: In fact, he has to pay me legal fees.

Trish Regan: She does? She does?

Donald Trump: I don't think he has any money. But he and she have to pay me a lot of legal fees --

Trish Regan: Are you going to hold them accountable for that?

Donald Trump: -- and it's based on Texas, based on Texas, you know, I love Texas, based on Texas law where the legal fees are nice and plentiful.

Trish Regan: And you'll hold them to that?

Donald Trump: Are you are you serious? Of course.

Trish Regan: I'm just asking. Will you be disappointed if I say they'll pay a lot. But no he's not a serious person. The -- Mike Bloomberg is -- but I don't think he'll do well. He may -- he may do it or he may not. But I don't think he'll do well. I think that I would know who -- I have a pretty good idea who it is. I'm not going to tell you but I have a pretty good idea who I think will emerge as a group.

Trish Regan: Well that's a tease.

Donald Trump: Yeah. A little bit.

Trish Regan: Come on. Give me a hint

Donald Trump: We'll have other conversations.