Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-angela-marshall-abcfoxmontana-missoula-october-18-2018

Angela Marshall: Thank you so much for the opportunity to speak with me.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much Angela.

Angela Marshall: I guess we'll just go ahead and get right into it.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Angela Marshall: I know we don't have a lot of time. So, I've heard you speak numerous times and numerous rallies, and you talk about fake news and your distrust of mainstream media.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Angela Marshall: I am a member of a local television station. The company that I work for owns ABC and Fox, it's a family-owned and operated, locally [Inaudible] company. How important is local news in your opinion?

Donald Trump: Very important. Local news is very important, and they really treat us well. Local news has been fantastic. They treat us so well. I mean not at all cases, I guess. But generally speaking, really fantastic. Very important. Local news -- people have no idea how important that is. But we've been getting great treatment.

Angela Marshall: Now my next question that I wanted to ask you. So this is the third time you've campaigned --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Angela Marshall: -- in Montana on behalf of U.S. Senate candidate Matt Rosendale as well as Congressman Greg Gianforte.

Donald Trump: Right.

Angela Marshall: No sitting president has ever been to Montana that many times except for Truman.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll be here many times over the years. I love this place. It's beautiful. And you really do. You look up in the sky, and you hear it all your life, but it's very special. It's a special place, with great people. You see the crowd. You see the enthusiasm. These are great people, and I think that will be an incredible Senator. I really do. I -- I know him. He's going to be a fantastic senator from Montana.

Angela Marshall: And speaking of the U.S. Senate race, how important is Montana's U.S. Senate race. And to add to that, do you have any sort of a vendetta against Jon Tester, in terms of his -- his work?

Donald Trump: No, whathe did with the Admiral Jackson, Admiral Rodney Jackson, one of the most respected people, I thought what he did was horrible. And what Tester did was horrible. That should never have happened.

Donald Trump: And then of course, what the Democrats did do Justice Gorsuch was -- and you have to remember, Justice Gorsuch had a very hard time before. But then when you went to Justice Kavanaugh, that was -- that was one of the worst things I've seen in the United States Senate. That was horrible.

Donald Trump: So, what they did with, originally, Gorsuch, and then Kavanaugh was horrible. But in the Tester case, what he said about Admiral Jackson was horrible, and it was false. And I said, I'm going to come and I'm going to do something, because that shouldn't be allowed to be done, and you have a great candidate.

Donald Trump: You know, Matt Rosendale is a great, great candidate. He's a special guy, and I think he's going to be fantastic. He'll represent Montana and our country so well.

Angela Marshall: I just have one more question. Montana has a long standing football rivalry. It's over a century years old, It's between the University of Montana Grizzlies and the Montana State University Bobcats. We're set to play in November. Who do you think's going to win?

Donald Trump: Well, I know both of them and I will tell you, I hope they both do great, okay? I'll be -- you know, I had to turn politician eventually. But I hear they're both really great, and hey look anything up here as far as I'm concerned is fantastic. So I wish them both well.

Angela Marshall: Okay, can I ask one more question?

Donald Trump: Yes, go ahead.

Angela Marshall: Okay, Interior Secretary --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Angela Marshall: Ryan Zinke, Of course the Montana native

Donald Trump: Terrific guy.

Angela Marshall: There was rumbling on Fox News just this morning that he is among the candidates to replace U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley. Do you have a comment to that?

Donald Trump: Well, his biggest problem is that he's doing so good, and so well at what he's doing, that I hate to take him. He is doing a job with the environment, with government, with so many different things.

Donald Trump: It's a big agency, and he is doing such an incredible job. That's his biggest obstacle. Who am I going to replace him with? He's fantastic. So -- he's a very special guy. He's doing a great job. So that's his -- that could be his problem.

Angela Marshall: Thank you so much for your time Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Have a good time.