Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-joe-kernen-cnbc-washington-july-19-2018

Joe Kernen: Mr. President, thank you for having us.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Joe.

Joe Kernen: We're sitting in a pretty storied place.

Donald Trump: Very storied.

Joe Kernen: It's really -- it's something to be right outside the -- the Oval Office. Last time we -- we met was in Davos.

Donald Trump: Yes, that's right.

Joe Kernen: We talked about a lot of different things. One of the things that I asked you towards the end of the interview was, as a businessman and a problem solver, someone known for that, what are we going to do about education? I don't know if you remember that...

Donald Trump: Right? Sure, sure, sure.

Joe Kernen: ...because we talked about a lot of other things, the economy. And you -- you sort of gave me a foreshadowing of what I think you're talking about today.

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Joe Kernen: It was vocational schools, but I think it's been honed now, and -- and -- and it's much more -- the details are ready to come out now...

Donald Trump: Right.

Joe Kernen: ...on what -- what we're calling -- or you're calling, is the Pledge to America's Workers, right? And -- and reskilling them -- workers.

Donald Trump: That's right. Which we have to do. We have to...

Joe Kernen: Spearheaded by your daughter, Ivanka.

Donald Trump: Ivanka is very much involved, and she's been involved. We have tremendous numbers of people who really are phenomenal in every way. But they're not trained, and they're not qualified to take some of the jobs.

Donald Trump: You report on it all the time, all of the companies that are pouring back into our country. So we have Chrysler, we have so many companies, and we have companies expanding; look at what's happening with Apple, where they're going to be spending $350 billion. And I can go on and on.

Donald Trump: And we need people with skill. We need people who are trained. It's much different than it was 30 years ago and 40 years ago. We need people that can go out there and do it. And that's exactly what we're doing. And in front of you is a list that's going to create almost 4 million jobs. These are a list of companies. They'll be creating a tremendous number of jobs, and they're going to be skilled jobs, and these are people that will be trained, really trained, and trained well.

Joe Kernen: The -- the co-chairman, co-chairwoman, along with Wilbur Ross, for the initiative, we mentioned, was Ivanka. And -- and when I spoke to her, she mentioned that the pledge, or that the goal was for 500,000, and then she said it was much greater than that, but she didn't tell me.

Donald Trump: Right.

Joe Kernen: 3.7 million, was...

Donald Trump: This is -- this is -- yeah.

Joe Kernen: 3.7...

Donald Trump: It's a good point. That's exactly right.

Joe Kernen: That's the individuals that will benefit from...

Donald Trump: That is right.

Joe Kernen: ...from skills, training.

Donald Trump: Training. And if you look at the companies, those are the great companies [Inaudible]

Joe Kernen: This is all private sector-funded, too.

Donald Trump: Right. It's all private funded.

Joe Kernen: So that -- this is an example of public/private partnership.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. Walmart, so many great companies. They're going to be here at 3 o'clock today. They'll be - we're going to be having a big conference. Everybody's here, and we're talking about almost 4 million jobs.

Joe Kernen: The -- currently, things are -- the economy is pretty hot, running pretty hot. Hopefully not too hot.

Donald Trump: Right. No, but I -- I think it's maybe as good as it's ever been, ever. I mean, companies -- what I really am happy about is a lot of cash is coming back in through the billions and trillions of dollars, as you know, that was overseas, where companies were locked and they couldn't get it back. Now, it's coming back, hundreds of millions of dollars at a clip.

Donald Trump: And also, companies are coming back to our country. We have record numbers of companies coming back in. They're coming back. They're pouring back in. And they're going to Michigan, and they're going to Ohio, and Pennsylvania, and so many different states. And people can't believe what's happening. We're really doing well.

Joe Kernen: Wage gains. Do you worry that -- is it time for the Fed to be doing what it's doing, do you think? Just to get a -- a -- a policy question in, should they be raising rates on -- on the trajectory that -- that is indicated, in your view?

Donald Trump: You know, I put a -- I -- I -- I put a very good man in the Fed. I don't necessarily agree with it, because he's raising interest rates. I'm not saying that I agree with it, and I don't necessarily agree with it.

Joe Kernen: Real estate guy, too, yeah.

Donald Trump: I must tell you, I don't.

Joe Kernen: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'm not thrilled, because, you know, we go up, and every time you go up, they want to raise rates again. And I don't really -- I am not happy about it. But at the same time, I'm letting them do what they feel is best.

Donald Trump: But I don't like all of this work that goes into what we're doing. You look at the euro, you look at what's going on with the E.U., and they're not doing what we're doing. And we already have somewhat of a disadvantage, although I'm turning that into an advantage.

Donald Trump: You know, last year, and for years, we've been losing $150 billion with the E.U. nations, with the European Union, and they're making money easy, and their currency is falling. And China, their currency is dropping like a rock. And our currency is going up. And I can't -- I have to tell you, it puts us at a disadvantage.

Donald Trump: Now, I'm just saying the same thing that I would have said as a private citizen. So somebody would say, "Oh, maybe you shouldn't say that as a president." I couldn't care less what they say, because my views haven't changed.

Donald Trump: I don't like all of this work that we're putting into the economy, and then I see rates going up. I see China, where they're -- I mean, look at what's happening with their currency. It's dropping like a rock. And the E.U...

Joe Kernen: It's partly because of the -- some of the -- some of the trade...

Donald Trump: Well, it's also -- like, I think I'm helping, OK, you want to know the truth, because I'm doing something. We're going to, you know, level out the playing field, just because...

Joe Kernen: Can we talk about that...

Donald Trump: Sure.

Joe Kernen: In -- in the context of the -- the stock market after the election, well documented. It was up, at one point, 40 percent or so. It's consolidated those gains...

Donald Trump: Right, yeah.

Joe Kernen: ...and held on to the lion's share of those gains. Does that go into your thinking, in terms of if we're ever going to address some of these [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: This is the time.

Joe Kernen: This is the time to do it.

Donald Trump: This is the time.

Joe Kernen: Is there a time when...

Donald Trump: You know the expression, "We're playing with the bank's money," right? We're up almost 40 percent.

Joe Kernen: Is there -- is there a time where you say, "God, things are going so great with the economy, I'm worried about the headwind of trade..."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe Kernen: ...given that we have a tailwind with -- with tax reform, and deregulation, and all these great things happening. Do you look at it as, "Well, we've got all these tailwinds. We might as well have one headwind"? Or does there come a time where you say, "Look, I need to -- I -- I need to pull back a little, and -- and get what I can, but maybe not everything I want"?

Donald Trump: So, Joe, I could have a much easier life, if I wanted to do it incorrectly. It would be much easier for me. Sitting here, I could just let all of these countries continue onward with these massive deficits.

Donald Trump: I mean, honestly, I don't want to use the word, because it's a highly respected show, but they are taking advantage of us, OK? I'll use a different set of words. They are taking advantage of us.

Joe Kernen: It's cable, though, if you really want to. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I know, but it's not as good as the other word. You know what the other word is.

Joe Kernen: Yeah. You can get away with it on cable.

Donald Trump: We are being taken advantage of.

Joe Kernen: OK.

Donald Trump: And I don't like it, and I haven't liked it for many years. China, with China, $507 billion a year in deficits. With the E.U., $151 billion. With Mexico, $120 billion. Mexico -- who would think Mexico? Mexico's making a fortune. Plus they have a -- we -- they have a tax. We don't have a tax. They have a tax on top of that, and the tax is almost 17 percent -- a VAT tax.

Donald Trump: And you look -- I could go through every country. I could -- I could talk about Japan. I could talk about -- they're very good allies, but no wonder they're good. I mean, the -- the deficits, the money they're making off the United States.

Donald Trump: Now, I would have a higher stock market right now. It's already up almost 40 percent, as you know, since the election. It could be 80 percent if I didn't want to do this. But ultimately, what I'm doing is making it so it's right.

Joe Kernen: Are you seeing...

Donald Trump: And we'll also start cutting expenses, by the way.

Joe Kernen: Are you seeing some -- some signs, some glimmers of -- of success, of hope from some of these trading partners, that they're starting to...

Donald Trump: Oh, tremendous hope, and...

Joe Kernen: I mean, but are they -- are -- are they starting to, what you think is -- is come around?

Donald Trump: How does this...

Joe Kernen: Let me -- let me mention just one.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Joe Kernen: Yesterday, we had our Delivering Alpha conference, CNBC. Bannon, Steve Bannon spoke.

Donald Trump: Right.

Joe Kernen: He was talking about China -- said some very positive things, by the way, about -- about your presidency. But...

Donald Trump: He -- he should. [Laughter]

Joe Kernen: Said, "For the first time in decades, we're winning against China. They're so scared, they don't know what to do." And Kudlow, at this point, was on, as well, who said, "The guy that may be holding things up is President Xi."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe Kernen: At this point.

Donald Trump: I don't want them to be scared. I want them to do well. I -- I really like President Xi a lot. But it's -- it was very unfair, so I raised $50 billion. We're down $500 billion. Now, some people would say $375 billion. I'm not talking about million, I'm not talking about pennies. I'm talking about, we're down $375 billion, but other estimates could say $507 billion. It doesn't matter. So it's in between there, or it's there. We're down a tremendous amount.

Donald Trump: I raised $50 billion, and they matched us. I say, "You don't match us. You can't match us, because otherwise, we're always going to be behind the eight ball."

Donald Trump: Joe Kernan

Donald Trump: We've got to go to $500 billion.

Joe Kernen: We've got -- with -- with the midterms on the horizon.

Donald Trump: So I did -- I -- I...

Joe Kernen: What does the stock market we're in...

Donald Trump: I just -- well, I actually think that's well. If it does, it does. Look, I'm not this for politics. I'm doing this...

Joe Kernen: Twenty percent?

Donald Trump: I'm doing this to do the right thing for our country. We have been ripped off by China for a long time. And I told that to President Xi. I said, "How did this ever happen?"

Donald Trump: And you know what their answer is? Because I deal with the highest echelons of China. One of the great people of China said, "There was never anybody to talk to in the United States. We would put on a trade barrier where you couldn't sell cars, or you couldn't sell beef, or you couldn't sell your farm products.

Donald Trump: We would put it, and nobody would talk to us in the United States, so we said, 'Hey, that's great.' Then we'd put on another one. We'd put on a tariff on cars, 25 percent, and you'd charge us virtually nothing, 2.5 percent, but they don't pay it. So we would do this, and nobody would talk. We'd start off at a lower number, we'd raise it, we'd raise it. Nobody would ever complain..."

Joe Kernen: Yeah.

Donald Trump: ...until you came along. Me. And they said, "Now, you're doing more than complaining. We don't like what you're doing." You know, they think I'm doing, maybe, too much, but of course they're going to think that.

Donald Trump: But for many years -- and I'm not just saying Obama. I'm saying...

Joe Kernen: Right.

Donald Trump: ...Bush, and I'm saying long before -- they had nobody. And it's very interesting, because I actually asked them the question: So we're down $507 billion -- recently -- we're down $507 billion...

Joe Kernen: Right.

Donald Trump: ...in trade deficits. How did it happen? And they told me, "Nobody ever complained. Nobody ever talked to us."

Joe Kernen: This morning you tweeted, interesting tweet. "Second meeting, potentially, with -- with Vladimir Putin."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe Kernen: Is that in the works? Is it planned? Has it been talked about?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I would say it's in the works. Look, we had a tremendous discussion on many things: terrorism, Syria, the Middle East overall, Iran. We talked about, as an example, nuclear proliferation. There's nothing -- to me, there's nothing more important than that. We had a tremendous meeting. We had a -- I think it was a very good press conference. I mean, I -- except for the fake news, I really think I did very well at the press conference, [Inaudible].

Joe Kernen: But -- but a second meeting...

Donald Trump: Second meeting, yeah.

Joe Kernen: ...was -- you've broached the subject with -- with [Inaudible]...

Donald Trump: We got along very well. Look, the fact is, we got along very well. We, I think, could do great things for his country, but for our country. I'm interested in our country. I'm also interested in the world.

Joe Kernen: Right.

Donald Trump: I'd like to see peace. And I think we can do great things for the world. I think we can do... Now, that includes China, that includes others. I'm doing very well getting along with countries. Getting along is a good thing, not a bad thing.

Joe Kernen: And -- and I...

Donald Trump: But I think I'd have a good relationship with Putin.

Joe Kernen: You -- you have a personal relationship with people that -- that I've seen for...

Donald Trump: I do. I do.

Joe Kernen: ...for many, many years, all right? And -- and I -- I understand how that works. Looking at what you're...

Donald Trump: Even you, which is almost impossible, right? [Laughter]

Joe Kernen: And as far as -- thank you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe Kernen: As far as -- as the end-game with Russia, there are lots of things that -- that you think we can -- we can do, in terms of making the world safer, with Russia.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe Kernen: So the personal relationship...

Donald Trump: And -- and by the way, that's good for everybody.

Joe Kernen: But the relationship you had with Putin, the -- the tone, which was relatively conciliatory...

Donald Trump: Right.

Joe Kernen: ...for -- for what some people say is an enemy or an adversary, can that tone totally be explained by you wanting to do the best things for the country...

Donald Trump: Sure, sure.

Joe Kernen: ...or is there some -- some under...

Donald Trump: OK.

Joe Kernen: Is there something underlying that?

Donald Trump: No. I have nothing to do with Russia. I never did. That other deal was a big hoax. It's a hoax.

Joe Kernen: So it's totally just -- in your -- in your view...

Donald Trump: The Russia -- it's called the Democrat hoax. It's a big, fat hoax. I have nothing to do with Russia. And I think you know that. You would know. You've known me for a long time, OK?

Joe Kernen: I know how you are with people, and I could see that knowing...

Donald Trump: You think I'm dealing in Russia? [Inaudible]

Joe Kernen: ...knowing what -- that you want to accomplish, in foreign policy and domestically...

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe Kernen: ...I could see -- I could see that tone not necessarily having anything do with other than wanting the best things for the country.

Donald Trump: So I had a meeting that lasted for more than two hours. It wasn't always conciliatory in the meeting.

Joe Kernen: Right. Oh, that hasn't come out. Did you...

Donald Trump: No, but we discussed many of the points I just said.

Joe Kernen: OK.

Donald Trump: And basically, that's what we discussed. We discussed lots of good things for both countries, frankly. But there are things that we can do for both countries that are very good.

Donald Trump: Now, we then go to a news conference. I mean, I had these -- some of these fools from the media saying, "Why didn't you stand there, look him in the face, walk over to him, and start shouting at him?" I said, "Are these people crazy? I want to make a deal. I want to make a deal. You can't do that."

Donald Trump: And we've been having a bad relationship with Russia for many years. And you know, that may be wrong. I -- it may be that you can't do anything. It may -- that's very possible. But I'm different than other presidents. I'm a dealmaker. I've made deals all my life. I do really well. I -- I make great deals. You know it, because you've covered them for a long time, Joe. And I think if we can get along with Russia and other countries...

Joe Kernen: Does it help with -- with China to have Russia as -- as -- almost as a -- to -- to set them...

Donald Trump: It doesn't hurt, OK? It doesn't hurt.

Joe Kernen: And that -- that was in your mind, as well.

Donald Trump: Maybe, in the computer. I mean, maybe. It probably doesn't hurt, you know. But I'm not even looking at it that way. I'm just saying if we could do certain things on terrorism -- as an example, we found out that in St. Petersburg, a little more than a year ago, there was going to be a very major terrorist attack -- St. Petersburg, Russia.

Joe Kernen: Right.

Donald Trump: We called them and let them know. They were able to nab this very vicious gang of terrorists. They got them.

Joe Kernen: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I assume they are someplace right now that maybe you don't even want to know about. I don't know what they did with them, OK?

Joe Kernen: Look, I -- I know...

Donald Trump: And I don't care. But wait a minute.

Joe Kernen: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They thanked us profusely. This was going to be a major attack. We found out about it, and we gave them that information. That's a good thing. And Putin called me up -- President Putin called me up and he said, "I want to thank you very much." That would have been a major attack in St. Petersburg. We informed them. I don't think anybody even knows about that.

Donald Trump: These are good things. They inform us. They can inform us. Getting along is a good thing, not a bad thing. The fake news, they want to make it like where there's a big confrontation. I don't want to play that game. I don't want to go into that game.

Joe Kernen: Any timeline on the next meeting, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Let -- let me just say this.

Joe Kernen: OK, go ahead.

Donald Trump: With that being said, I have been far tougher on Russia than any president in many, many years, maybe ever. Even -- even the big fight I have with Germany over the fact that they're taking natural gas, they're taking...

Joe Kernen: Right.

Donald Trump: ...energy from Russia, paying them billions of dollars -- I said, "Wait a minute. We're supposed to be protecting you from Russia, and you're paying them billions of dollars. What's that all about?" Now, do you think that's a positive for Russia? I'm talking them out of things that they -- where they're giving billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: It's ridiculous, by the way, that that's happening. And then on top of that, Germany pays a fraction of what they should be paying for defense. We're supposed to defend them. So they're paying Russia, and we're supposed to defend them from Russia. So just -- you just look at that point.

Donald Trump: But look at the sanctions I've put on. Look at the diplomats I threw out. Look at all of the things that I've done. Nobody else did what I've done. Obama didn't do it. Obama was a patsy for Russia. He was a total patsy. Look at the statement he made, when he thought the mics were turned off, OK? The stupid statement he made. Nobody does a big deal about that.

Donald Trump: Getting along with President Putin, getting along with Russia's a positive, not a negative.

Joe Kernen: Right.

Donald Trump: Now, with that being said, if that doesn't work out, I'll be the worst enemy he's ever had -- the worst he's ever had.

Joe Kernen: I don't want to end it on that note, but we -- we do have to end it.

Donald Trump: No, no, I think -- I think he knows that, though.

Joe Kernen: Yes.

Donald Trump: I'll be his worst nightmare. But I don't think it'll be that way. I actually think we'll have a good relationship.

Joe Kernen: Well, I think it'd be -- you know, it -- it -- it's obviously in the -- as the two last nuclear superpowers, or at least the two largest...

Donald Trump: Ninety percent.

Joe Kernen: I think we all -- yeah.

Donald Trump: Ninety percent, think of it, the two countries.

Joe Kernen: All right, Mr. President, once again...

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Joe. Thank you.

Joe Kernen: Thank you. I appreciate it very much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.