Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-christopher-heath-wftv-orlando-october-8-2018

Christopher Heath: You're down here obviously, going to speak to the police chiefs. Tell me about what important message you want to get to them, and what it means to be here today.

Donald Trump: Well, really more than anything else, it's a message of law and order. I've been very strong on that, and I think most people happen to agree. Democrats don't agree. But most people happen to agree. We need safety. We need law and order. We need to make sure people come into our country in a legal fashion, and we'll be talking about that today.

Donald Trump: We're going to be talking about -- our crime statistics have been very good. In Chicago, we're going to send a new -- it's going to be a pretty big story I think, 'cause we're going to send people out there to take care of the Chicago situation, which has been handled locally, and it's just unacceptable what's going over there.

Donald Trump: But we have been really doing well in terms of law and order, in terms of crime statistics -- as you well know -- throughout the country. So we're very proud of that.

Christopher Heath: Send people. What do you mean by that, sir?

Donald Trump: We're gonna have people from Justice Department, from FBI, we're going to have people to help them in Chicago, because locally they have let that get out of control. And it's unacceptable to me, and it's unacceptable to everybody. It's no good, and whatever they're doing, they're doing it wrong. So we want to help them, or get involved in some way.

Donald Trump: But you cannot let that happen. Chicago's a great city. You cannot let that happen.

Christopher Heath: There is a line of conventional wisdom, getting to the midterms here, and that I agree with it, but I would like to bring it up and see reaction to it, that some Republicans, to avoid you during the homestretch, stay away from Donald Trump, down the home stretch. Your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: Well I don't think so. If you look at Ron DeSantis, he's doing fantastically well. I backed him from the beginning. He's great. He's doing a fantastic job, he'll be a great governor. His opponent runs a place that has a lot of problems, and I know it very well, but it's got a lot of problems, tremendous corruption.

Donald Trump: Tremendous crime. This is not what you want to run Florida. His opponent is, I think, a horrible choice. And Ron DeSantis is a winner, and I've been with him all the way. Rick Scott is with me right now. I mean, we just drove over the car together. Rick will be a fantastic U.S. senator. We've been friends for a long time.

Donald Trump: He was a great governor, he'll be a great senator. And, no, everyone wants my endorsement, actually. They all want my endorsement. I think I was 48-and-1 for the -- for the primaries. And I think we'll do equally as well, or almost as well. I guess that's a pretty good number to beat. But, almost as well on the general election.

Donald Trump: I -- they won our support, because, not only the poll numbers are very good, but what we've done with, now, the trade deal, with now putting a second Supreme Court justice -- who people really like -- the Democrats who are ruthless and vicious, what they try to do to him. But who people really like. Now Justice -- you call it, now Justice Kavanaugh was -- you know, nobody's done more in a short period of time that we have.

Donald Trump: So, in the state of Florida, this is my essentially -- it's my home. I'm here all the time, and love it. Spend a lot of time in Miami. We have a lot of people in Florida that I've been, in my previous life, that are with us all the way, and it's a great state. We love Florida.

Christopher Heath: You going to do another rally for Ron DeSantis?

Donald Trump: Yes, I think they're working on it right now. I think they have a date already, and it'll be a big rally, and Ron deserves it. Ron is a hard worker. He was a great congressman, and he will be an incredible governor and again, his opponent, if you look at what's going on, just take a look at the crime statistics, take a look at what's happening with corruption in that area.

Donald Trump: It's terrible, what's going on. So his opponent has a lot of problems. And I don't know if they talk about those problems, but I will. His opponent runs an area, and a city, that's got among the worst statistics in the country, and certainly in the state.

Christopher Heath: Will Governor Rick Scott be at that rally, you think?

Donald Trump: I don't know, but I think -- I would imagine so. He's here right now.

Christopher Heath: Because I know -- I know when you had your Tampa rally, he came to your event, but did not actually go to the rally. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, that I don't know, but I can tell you, he's here right now, he's going to speak, and he's going to introduce me.

Christopher Heath: As you look out at the landscape across Florida, do you see a state where you will be able to come back in two years, and have, not just two senators that are Republicans, but also a governor that will be supporting you. What happens if that doesn't happen. Is that, is that a stain on 2020 for your re-election?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think so, but I think that it certainly would be nice to have the governor, more importantly for Florida would be nice. If his opponent get elected -- gets elected, you'll have Venezuela. Florida will become another Venezuela, and that is not good, and I'll tell you, Ron DeSantis would be a fantastic governor.

Donald Trump: So I think he will win. He should win, certainly on the merits. Great student, great talent, very smart, hardworking, and he's a good manager. And, likewise with Rick Scott. I mean, he's gonna -- he's gonna, I mean, what he did, for instance, with Okeechobee, and the flood relief and all that he needs, he got it. And I'm working on it now with all our people.

Donald Trump: But that was because of Rick Scott's initiative, and you know what I'm talking, about with the flood planning and the dike --

Christopher Heath: The dike. Yup.

Donald Trump: -- having to do with Okeechobee, an area that I know very well. But every time, you know, they have large rainfall, there's tremendous damage caused, and we're going to get that, and it's a substantial amount of money, it's a tremendous amount of money. But I'm doing that because Rick Scott and his initiative -- they really wanted it, they wanted it badly for the people of Florida.

Donald Trump: So, no, I think Rick is going to be fantastic -- I think he'll be a fantastic Senator.

Christopher Heath: How much do you see the midterms as a referendum on your first two years in office?

Donald Trump: I hope it's a little bit, at least, but it could be a lot. And that's good, 'cause, as you know, we've just gotten tremendous polling numbers, if you look at Rasmussen. I think we're at 52, and they think it's 52 plus something. So I think, it could be a lot. I hope it's a lot because I think people will do better if it is.