Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-steve-doocy-fox-june-15-2018

Steve Doocy: You've got some excitement out on your lawn today. Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: A little excitement.

Steve Doocy: What brings you here?

Donald Trump: Are we on already?

Steve Doocy: We're on. We're live.

Donald Trump: Wow, wow. That's good.

Steve Doocy: We're actually -- we're on every channel.

Donald Trump: We had a very exciting trip over here, I have to say.

Steve Doocy: No kidding.

Donald Trump: I was good. It was good. How are you?

Steve Doocy: I'm doing OK. I was here for the baseball game. How about Steve Scalise last night?

Donald Trump: I think he's great. How about that play? The first play of the game.

Steve Doocy: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy. Courageous.

Steve Doocy: He couldn't...

Donald Trump: Courageous.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Like you.

Steve Doocy: Yes, sure. Having you stop by live. I got some questions.

Donald Trump: I was mugged by the media.

Steve Doocy: They've got questions for you. I'm hoping I can ask a lot of the questions. They've got...

Donald Trump: Very nice people.

Steve Doocy: You know, the I.G. report came out yesterday. The FBI looked bad.

Donald Trump: Very bad.

Steve Doocy: Your FBI.

Donald Trump: Well, no. It was Comey having to do -- talking about Comey, not my FBI. It was Comey. The people in the FBI are incredible. I would bet if you took a poll in the FBI, I would win that poll by more than anybody's ever won a poll. But the top people were horrible.

Donald Trump: You look at what happened: They were plotting against my election. Probably has never happened like that in terms of intelligence, in terms of anything else. But they were actually plotting against my election.

Steve Doocy: The headline right now...

Donald Trump: I'm actually proud, because I beat the Clinton dynasty...

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: ...I beat Bush dynasty, and now I guess hopefully I'm in the process of beating very dishonest intelligence. Because what they did was incredible and a real insult to millions of people that voted in that election on both sides.

Steve Doocy: The headline right now from the Wall Street Journal, "DOJ Clinton Report Blasts Comey And Agents But Finds No Bias In Conclusion."

Donald Trump: Well, the end result was wrong. I mean, there was total bias. I mean, when you look at Peter Strzok and what he said about me, when you look at Comey all his moves.

Donald Trump: So I guess -- you know it's interesting it was a pretty good report, and then I say that the I.G. blew it at the very end with that statement, because when you read the report it was almost like Comey. He goes point after point about how guilty Hillary is and then he said, "But we're not going to do anything about it." The report -- the I.G. report was a horror show. I thought that one sentence of conclusion was ridiculous.

Steve Doocy: What about, apparently, the love birds talking about you, "We will stop it"?

Donald Trump: Yeah, they said they will stop me. While in the meantime the economy hit an all-time high this morning. Never been better. Jobless rate the lowest -- the best in 44 years, just came out. We're going to have some incredible things.

Donald Trump: We're just announcing very big tariffs today on China because China has been -- look he's my friend, President Xi. He's a great man. He's a wonderful guy. But at some point we have to straighten it out. We lost $500 billion in trade deficits last year. We can't do that.

Steve Doocy: Is the new tariff something like 25 percent on...

Donald Trump: It's being announced right now as I speak.

Steve Doocy: OK. You can announce it.

Donald Trump: Maybe you have the first announcement. You may...

Steve Doocy: What do you know about your tariffs?

Donald Trump: You might beat the Wall Street Journal, all right. You just beat the Wall Street Journal by a lot. Well, we're just going to do $50 billion on $50 billion of high-technology equipment and other things coming into the country, because so much of our secrets -- you know, we have the great brain power in Silicon Valley, and China and others steal those secrets.

Donald Trump: And we're going protect those secrets. Those are crown jewels for this country. And, you know, you read so much about China, you read so much about other countries, we have the great brainpower right in this country, I'm proud to say. And you're certainly a member of that group.

Steve Doocy: I'm an America. What about the fact that there are a lot of people that say, "What's he doing? He's going to start a trade war? If he slaps 25 percent on $50 billion for China that's going to be bad for Americans"?

Donald Trump: No, the trade war was started many years ago by them and the United States lost. There's no trade war...

Steve Doocy: So you're saying we're on the losing end of it?

Donald Trump: Well, no. There is no trade war. They've taken so much. So last year $375 billion in trade deficit. We had a 300 -- with China. We had overall over $800 billion over a period of years -- each year close to $800 billion in losses on trade. Not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen. Can't happen.

Steve Doocy: A week ago you were up in -- up in Canada and you met with the G-7 people.

Donald Trump: I was.

Steve Doocy: That didn't end so well.

Donald Trump: Oh, it ended well. For the United States, it ended well.

Steve Doocy: Well, the world community thinks the United States is turning our back on them.

Donald Trump: No, no.

Steve Doocy: But your opinion is that it's you got elected to represent America and America needs help.

Donald Trump: We need protection. Everybody's taking advantage of us. The European Union made $151 billion on us last year. The -- if you look at -- I told you about China. You look at Japan, you look at South Korea, you look at so many -- and we help these countries militarily on top of everything else.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know, at what point does it stop? And when I left China, it was absolutely a fantastic meeting. We left, we hugged, we kissed. Everybody was leaving, and then I get onto Air Force One and the prime minister up there, Trudeau, didn't think, I guess, that we have any televisions on Air Force One. But they have, I think, 21 televisions or some ridiculous number...

Steve Doocy: And so, you saw it and you hit the roof.

Donald Trump: Well, you have to understand, we're hugging, we're saying goodbye, everybody's happy. I made changes to the agreement because I wanted it to be much better for the United States. I made changes. We're all happy. And then he got up and started saying that he doesn't want to be pushed around by the United States. Well, they charge us almost 300 percent on dairy products.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: So, we can't do that.

Steve Doocy: Have you heard from any of the G-7...

Donald Trump: Yeah. They all called me to wish me happy birthday yesterday.

Steve Doocy: Really? And how was that?

Donald Trump: It was very...

Steve Doocy: Not your birthday, but the message from the other side.

Donald Trump: I took it very well.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: No, they all called. I mean, I have great friendships. The new prime minister of Italy is great. Got to meet him. Very -- very strong on immigration...

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: ...like I am, by the way. It seems that strong on immigration wins now.

Steve Doocy: Sure. But this is...

Donald Trump: But the Democrats, by the way, are very weak on immigration. If you notice when I came over, they were all saying about separating the families and that's a Democrat bill. That's Democrats wanting to do that, and they could solve it very easily by getting together. But they think it's a good election point. I think it's a horrible election point for them.

Steve Doocy: Ultimately Congress has got to change the laws...

Donald Trump: They got to change the law.

Steve Doocy: ...but at the same time, Mr. President, people say, "Look, you rip these families apart. Even though it is the law, it's heartless."

Donald Trump: But that's the law. And that's what the Democrats gave us. And we're willing to change it today if they want to get in and negotiate, but the just don't want to negotiate. They're afraid of -- they're afraid of security for our country. They're afraid of a wall.

Donald Trump: Although I must tell you, most people now really -- they want the wall, they want to stop the drugs, they want to stop a lot of people from coming in that shouldn't be here, like MS-13.

Steve Doocy: Right. A lot of -- I was up on Capitol Hill yesterday with Steve Scalise. They were having a leadership meeting. It sounds like they were going to take a vote on a couple of different bills on immigration probably next week.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Steve Doocy: One of them the Goodlatte bill, the other is something more moderate. Would you sign either one of those?

Donald Trump: I'm looking at both of them. I certainly wouldn't sign the more moderate one.

Steve Doocy: What does the bill have to have in it?

Donald Trump: I -- I need a bill that gives this country tremendous border security. I have to have that. We have to get rid of catch-and-release.

Steve Doocy: Got to have the wall? Does that mean the wall?

Donald Trump: We have to have the wall. If we don't have the wall, there's no bill. We have to have catch-and-release. We catch a criminal, a real criminal, a rough tough criminal, we take his name and then we release him. And we say, "Please show up to court in a couple of months." You know what the chances of getting him to court are? Like zero. OK. It's crazy. Then we have the lottery program, right? It's called lotter-visery.

Steve Doocy: Diversity Lottery Program.

Donald Trump: Yes, well, the lottery visa.

Steve Doocy: OK. One of the...

Donald Trump: OK, whatever. They have fifty names. Still -- everyone of them has lottery. Do you know what lottery is? That's when you pick names to come into the country. Well, when a country gives names, they're not giving us their finest. So we're picking people, it's not good. We have to end that.

Donald Trump: We have to end a couple of them and we are going to be so secure as a country. Now, with all of that being said, we're doing a great job. ICE -- we're getting MS-13 out by the thousands. But we shouldn't have to be going into towns in Long Island and other places and getting them out. You know, it's almost like we're liberating towns. It's incredible.

Steve Doocy: You mentioned court. Regarding a legal proceeding, you got Robert -- the -- the Mueller investigation. I know we, kind of, touched on that a little while ago. Rudy Giuliani is out this morning. He said the investigation should go away. Time to fold up the tent. Or it's time to investigate the investigators. Are you on the same page...

Donald Trump: Look, we have 13 angry Democrats. There are -- I call them 13 angry Democrats, and others worked for Obama for eight years. I mean, they have no Republicans, you have no -- it's a very unfair situation. But the I.G. report totally exonerates -- I mean, if you look at the results and if you look at the head investigator is saying, "We have to stop Trump from becoming president," well, Trump became president and we have the best economy today we've ever had.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: We have much greater border security than we ever would have had.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And when we do it -- when we have the laws changed, it'll be like perfecto.

Steve Doocy: Rudy says that you should not talk to a lawyer.

Donald Trump: A lot of people say that. Look...

Steve Doocy: Getting the I.G. report and stuff that's going on.

Donald Trump: They're getting people who say something a little bit off. "Is it a nice day?" "Well, you know, no, it's not a great day." "Oops, you lied." He goes -- you know, got problems.

Steve Doocy: What...

Donald Trump: People are afraid of that. And I would like to talk, but it seems to be very biased.

Steve Doocy: One of -- some of the texts -- and we're not going to quote them -- were very...

Donald Trump: Vicious.

Steve Doocy: ...vicious regarding people who support you.

Donald Trump: Vicious. I have the greatest supporters in the world. By the way, they're the smartest. They're the hardest working. They pay taxes. They're incredible. They're loyal. I have the bikers. I have the -- the construction workers.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: I have them all. I have -- by the way, I have the FBI. You go into the FBI and take a poll of the real FBI, not the scum on top, not Comey and that group of people that are total thieves...

Steve Doocy: Most of those are gone.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know how Peter Strzok is still working there, to be honest with you, OK.

Steve Doocy: He's working in H.R. This is...

Donald Trump: That's even worse.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, this is your FBI.

Donald Trump: I know. But do you know what I've done? And you know this. I've told you this. I'm so involved. Great new secretary of state.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Just -- I have a fantastic relationship now with North Korea. You know, there were missiles being thrown about.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: People aren't thinking about it anymore. I said on the Department of Justice, I would stay uninvolved. Now, I may get involved at some point if it gets worse. I say I'm staying uninvolved. I'm letting this report go through. I did nothing wrong. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no one...

Steve Doocy: But, Mr. President, I was on Capitol Hill yesterday, and there are a number of congressional Republicans who are -- you know, they're trying to get some documents from your Department of Justice, your FBI.

Donald Trump: I tried to stay involved. I may not stay involved, again -- uninvolved. Because they have to get the documents. Look, I think everybody...

Steve Doocy: But your FBI is stonewalling.

Donald Trump: I think that Road -- Rog...

Steve Doocy: Rosenstein.

Donald Trump: ...Rosenstein thinks that you have to get the documents. I really believe that. I saw him yesterday. He gave me a briefing. It think that he believes you have to get the documents.

Steve Doocy: What did he say regarding the I.G. report?

Donald Trump: Well, he wasn't thrilled about it. I mean, you know, you can't be if you're in there now. But it really was talking about the past. It's not talking about us. It's talking about before us. And it's talking about the election.

Donald Trump: What they did during the election was a disgrace. It's probably never happened in our country before. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. What's going to happen when we go further? And there was total bias. I mean, total bias.

Steve Doocy: From what you've seen so far, should James Comey be locked up?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I would never want to get involved in that. Certainly he -- they just seem like very criminal acts to me. What he did was criminal. What he did was a terrible thing to people. What he did was so bad in terms of our Constitution, in terms of the well-being of our country.

Donald Trump: What he did was horrible. Should he be locked up? Let somebody make a determination. Look at all the dishonest things that crooked Hillary did. Look at -- look at what -- what's gone on. It's very sad.

Steve Doocy: Sounds like he was using a private e-mail, too.

Donald Trump: He had a private e-mail. That was -- of all the things, that wasn't to me maybe the most interesting, but it was probably the funniest.

Steve Doocy: Because she got in big trouble for her private e-mail. Oh, James Comey's using one, too.

Donald Trump: That was a little bit of a surprise, I have to say.

Steve Doocy: Yeah. From what we've seen, though, regarding the I.G. report, it -- it sounds like Comey made some bad judgments but nothing criminal.

Donald Trump: Well, if you look at what happened -- and don't forget all of these people like Strzok, what he did was criminal, Strzok and so many others. McCabe is now...

Steve Doocy: Do you mean biased the analysts?

Donald Trump: Oh, they all work for Comey. And Comey knew everything that was going on. You think McCabe didn't tell him everything? McCabe told him everything, and McCabe is up for criminal right now. And most people...

Steve Doocy: And now he's suing the Department of Justice.

Donald Trump: And he's now suing. And it's a total mess. They're all going against each other. No, I -- I think Comey was the ringleader of this whole, you know, den of thieves. It was a den of thieves.

Steve Doocy: Are you confident that, either through the congressional investigators or the I.G. report or new management at the -- at the FBI, things are going to work out..

Donald Trump: I think so. I think so.

Steve Doocy: ...things are cleaning up and we'll get to the bottom of all that stuff?

Donald Trump: I do believe so. I think its happening. It's happening slowly, but it's happening. I think Christopher Wray's a -- very different from Comey. Which is what you need, you need different. You need, like, the opposite. And he's moving step by step.

Donald Trump: And you're going to see a whole new, very proud FBI. I think that the Justice Department will end up being great. It's all going to happen. It's all going to work out. But I tried to stay as much uninvolved as I can.

Steve Doocy: You were very involved in going to Singapore, negotiating with Kim Jong-un.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: When you finally met him and sat across the table from -- you know, we've heard a lot of bad things about little rocket man. And suddenly you guys seem to be best friends.

Donald Trump: We got along very well. We had a good chemistry. I don't know if that's supposed to be popular or politically correct to say. But we really did. We had good chemistry. You haven't had any rockets shot up in the air for seven months. You haven't had any research. They just blew up their test site. They're blowing up their engine test site for ballistic missiles. He's giving us back our great heroes who died, as you know.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: We're getting their remains back. And I've had so many people, so many parents, so many fathers and daughters and sons asking me, "Please, please."

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: This is during the campaign and after. I say, I don't have exactly a good relationship. Anyway, during the meeting -- and we really did hit it off. During the -- you know, good chemistry.

Steve Doocy: You -- you have since used some very friendly words regarding him. And you're taking some heat for that.

Donald Trump: Yes. I mean, that's what it is. I take heat. But what am supposed to do, walk out and say "terrible"? I mean, I -- I got along with him very well. We have good chemistry. I asked him, "The remains; I'd like to get them."

Steve Doocy: Right

Donald Trump: He said, "Yes, we will do that." They are already starting to produce the remains of these great young soldiers who were left in North Korea.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: We're getting the remains, and nobody thought that was possible.

Steve Doocy: The way you have described things, it sounds like you feel that he's on the road to denuking.

Donald Trump: Oh, absolutely. It's in the agreement: It says he will denuclearize.

Steve Doocy: Right. I know it's, kind of, broad...

Donald Trump: You know, it's funny -- it's funny when you see the fake news, because -- and you guys aren't fake. But I signed an agreement where we get everything. Everything. But they say "Trump lost because he agreed to meet. Trump agreed to meet."

Steve Doocy: Got the picture.

Donald Trump: No, it's a funny thing. You got to watch CNN. I mean, what -- what a fraud it is. They go, "Trump is..."

Steve Doocy: They're listening. They're right behind you, right there.

Donald Trump: That's fine. Do you hear me? "Trump agreed to meet." I say I agreed to meet. Of course you got to agree to meet. If you don't agree to meet, you know what you're going to have? You're going to have nuclear war, that's what you're going to have. I have a great relationship. He gave us back our hostages. I didn't pay $1.8 billion. I paid nothing.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: But it was very smart that he did it. He gave us back our hostages. He's giving us back the remains of probably 7,500 soldiers.

Steve Doocy: Really?

Donald Trump: Yeah. There's a tremendous number of soldiers. Tremendous number of MIAs, you know, folks that just never -- they've never been found.

Steve Doocy: It sounds like...

Donald Trump: And they -- and by the way, they know where many of these bodies are.

Steve Doocy: What -- what is the stage of the meetings now? I know, you know...

Donald Trump: It's great. Mike Pompeo is just leaving there. He was in South Korea.

Steve Doocy: Any developments [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: We're getting along great with South Korea. We're getting along great with China. Probably until this morning, because we just did a tariff in China. But that's OK, because I have a wonderful relationship with President Xi. We'll all work it out. He understands it's unfair.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They can't believe they got away with it for so long, Steve.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They can't believe it. I mean, they got away with it for 25 years. I'm not just blaming Obama. I'm blaming many presidents and leaders.

Steve Doocy: At what point...

Donald Trump: It should have never happened.

Steve Doocy: At what point do the sanctions come off of North Korea?

Donald Trump: When we can be sure there will be no more nuclear.

Steve Doocy: How close are we to that?

Donald Trump: Very close. We're very close to getting it started. He wants to do it. He wants to do something great with his country. He wants to make his country great.

Steve Doocy: So, you are saying that you'll relieve the sanctions once whatever he's going to do...

Donald Trump: Once we know...

Steve Doocy: ...is completely -- that stuff doesn't work anymore.

Donald Trump: Once we know that it can't happen.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And I'm telling you right now, with the relationship I have, it's not going to happen. Hey, you haven't had a rocket test in seven months.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: I was with Prime Minister Abe, another good friend of mine from Japan. I said, "When's the last time you had a rocket flying over Japan?" He said, "It has not happened." I said, "It won't happen. Don't worry about."

Steve Doocy: Right. Are we close to seeing Mr. Kim here at the White House?

Donald Trump: It could happen. I mean, yeah, I would have him.

Steve Doocy: Did they talk about that...[Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah. I think it's something that could happen. Yeah. Hey, he's the head of a country. And I mean he is the strong head. Don't let anyone think anything different.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: He speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.

Steve Doocy: Well, just before you met with him, he cleaned house. Three of his top generals, some of the hardliners he fired.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's what I hear.

Steve Doocy: Then you go over there. And you got -- you took some heat over saluting one of the generals.

Donald Trump: I think he fired at least, OK, when you say he fired.

Steve Doocy: Three that we know of.

Donald Trump: I think maybe fired at least. "Fired" may be a nice word. That's right, I met a general. He saluted me, I saluted him back. And I guess their using that as another sound bite. I mean, you know, I think I'm being respectful to the general. We are -- we have a very good relationship with North Korea.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: When I was talking to President Obama, he essentially was ready to go to war with North Korea. He felt you had to almost go to war. And I did ask him: "Have you spoken to him?" He goes, "No." I said, "Do you think it would be a good thing to speak to him maybe?"

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: OK. Because if you go to war there, you're not talking about 100,000 lives, which is a lot.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You're talking about 30, 40, 50 million lives.

Steve Doocy: Sure.

Donald Trump: Seoul is 30 miles off the border. They don't even need nuclear weapons to take out Seoul. They have thousands of cannons -- they call them cannons; they have big guns -- thousands pointed right at Seoul. We have a really great relationship for the first time ever. No president's ever had this.

Donald Trump: So I get hit by these fakes back here. Not all of them. Some are phenomenal. But I get hit, because I went there, I gave him credibility. I think it's great to give him credibility. Here's what we got: everything, point after point after point.

Steve Doocy: One point, I think it was in the last week, 10 days, things are going faster in Washington, just saying. But...

Donald Trump: We're having a lot of fun, right? So supposing Hillary got elected instead of Trump, do you think it would be so exciting? Your ratings would be way down. Number one show in the morning, folks.

Steve Doocy: Well, thank you. I've heard you say the others -- in cable news. That's right. It was within the last...

Donald Trump: Actually also beyond cable news you're doing pretty well.

Steve Doocy: We're doing OK. Thanks for dropping by...

Donald Trump: I like ratings.

Steve Doocy: All the others [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: I study ratings, broadcasting.

Steve Doocy: You had mentioned the NFL players and the -- you know, some taking a knee. And you would like to hear some of the stories of people who you should pardon. And you mentioned professional athletes. Have you heard from any of them?

Donald Trump: No. I haven't heard. You know, they were all saying, "Oh, it has nothing to do with the flag. It's the way we've been treated," and in the meantime they're making $15 million a year. Look, I'm all for the athletes. I think it's great. I love athletics. I love sports. But they shouldn't get the politics involved.

Donald Trump: When you're in a stadium and they broadcast that national anthem, you got to stand, and you got to be proud, and you got to have your hand up, and you got to do everything that's right. And then go out and play really tough football.

Donald Trump: And once you leave that stadium, go and do whatever you want to do. Run for office, or do whatever. But I did say, you know, I have this tremendous power of pardon. And Kim Kardashian came in, and the woman 22 years in jail

Steve Doocy: People can't believe that you would be listening to Kim Kardashian.

Donald Trump: Oh, I did. I don't know her, and I met her and she was really nice, I have to say, and very capable. But she came in and she said, "This is a very unfair situation." I looked at her and I agreed. Twenty -- she's in there for 22 years, she's got another 20 years to serve, and you have drug dealers that are doing big stuff and they get a two-month sentence, OK. You know, it was just unfair. And I thought it was a beautiful scene when that woman left prison and ran over to -- it looked like her grandkids, it was a couple of big strong guys.

Steve Doocy: [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Big strong guys, some wonderful women. They were all hugging and kissing and everyone's crying. To me that was a beautiful scene. Well, she thanked me but, you know, thanked Kim, because I wouldn't have known about it.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I told the NFL players, I mean, indirectly -- I said, "You have somebody that's aggrieved" -- because they're saying people are aggrieved, OK. "Let me know about it. I'll look at it. If they're aggrieved, I will pardon them, I'll get them out."

Steve Doocy: I'm shocked you haven't heard from a single one.

Donald Trump: I don't think I've from one. Now, maybe they've called the staff, but I have not personally heard from one.

Steve Doocy: Yeah. Speaking of the staff...

Donald Trump: Because I don't know if it's a real issue. I don't think it's a real issue.

Steve Doocy: Sarah Huckabee Sanders, your press secretary, she's -- she took a lot of heat yesterday from the people behind you.

Donald Trump: Oh, she did? I didn't know that.

Steve Doocy: Well, she did. There was some suggestion that maybe she'd be leaving the White House.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. You know, look at a certain point everyone, sort of, leaves. You have to leave. I'm, sort of, just standing -- I'm like a ship, just keep going, bing, bing. But Sarah loves this job and she's announced -- not with me, I read that same report. Somebody put it out, I think it was CBS -- when she said it's a false report.

Donald Trump: But it's fake news. But at some point I'm sure she'll leave, like everybody leaves and we'll get somebody else. But Sarah's done a fantastic job. No, I don't think she's leaving.

Steve Doocy: What do you make of the...

Donald Trump: In fact, she was very insulted that they came out and said that.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: So I don't think she's leaving.

Steve Doocy: What do you make of the back-and-forth between her and the press? Because sometimes it gets loud.

Donald Trump: Well, I think the press -- I think the press treats Sarah very unfairly. That White House correspondent...

Steve Doocy: But I think some of them feel she's not answering their questions, so they're going to ask it again and ask [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Well, I gave a press conference in Singapore that was like an hour and a half, and that was like the biggest press group I've ever seen. And I answered every single question. I'd answer anybody's question. I guess that's not supposed to be my job. I'm here with you today, you're giving me a lot of...

Steve Doocy: Well, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: ...lot of interesting questions. But -- but, Steve, I think Sarah is really a good person and a nice person, very capable. She's got a lot of the father's genes, because her father is great.

Steve Doocy: Mike. OK.

Donald Trump: Don't forget he got up there on that debate stage and he said, "Nobody's going to beat Trump." And I even decided to -- he was running. And I even decided to wear a Trump tie. And I said, "I love that guy." I loved him, OK. Mike, is a very talented guy and Sarah's a very talented person.

Donald Trump: But they treat her very badly. What they did Sarah at the White House Correspondents -- now, the only difference I would have done, I would have walked out. I thought she should have walked out instead of sitting there. But, you know...

Steve Doocy: She took a high road.

Donald Trump: She took a very high road. Sometimes...

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: ...you don't take such a high road.

Steve Doocy: We had Stewart Varney on our air...

Donald Trump: By the way, he is great. I love Stewart.

Steve Doocy: That little part, he's going to be running every day now.

Donald Trump: No, I love him. And he's right. He knows what he's talking about.

Steve Doocy: Well, he suggested that the next quarter GDP could be 4 percent.

Donald Trump: Well, they're predicting -- you know, the Atlanta Fed predicted 4.8 percent. I think, you know, that's a lot. Don't forget, then I got elected, I took this thing over, it was 1.2 and each point is $3 trillion and 10 million jobs. You know, a point -- people will say at home, "Oh, it's a point, what difference does it make?" Well, it was 1.2 and it was going down.

Donald Trump: You probably saw this morning I put out, they would have raised your taxes instead of cut your taxes, and they were going to put on more regulations. The last thing we need is regulations. I actually think my regulation cutting had more of an impact on the economy than the tax cuts.

Steve Doocy: When you were running, you said, "For every regulation we enact, I will cut two."

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: But you didn't cut two, you're cutting a much bigger number.

Donald Trump: Right. 22, it turned out. 22. And -- and by the way, you need regulation. I want the cleanest water in the world, I want the cleanest air in the world, I want that air to be so perfect. And our air now is better than it was two years ago, with all of the talk and the nonsense.

Donald Trump: Clean -- crystal clean water, clean air. But I also want our companies to be competitive so they can go around the world and compete. And we were shutting down companies over the environment and they weren't doing anything wrong. And that's jobs.

Steve Doocy: Right. But there are some who say, "Look the EPA is relaxing a lot of rules that are out there to protect people."

Donald Trump: Only rules that don't mean anything or rules that are duplicative. You know, rules where you have...

Steve Doocy: There's a lot of those.

Donald Trump: Well, not only that, I mean, some of them you have nine different times you have to get the same thing approved by different agencies.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: To build a highway in this country takes 19 years of approvals. I have it down to two years. And you'll get rejected if it's wrong, if it's environmentally bad.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: But I have it down to two years. I want to get it down to one year. And that's indicative of everything else, too. A company comes in from China, from Japan they want to spend a tremendous amount of money on building a plant or something, right? It takes them seven years to get a permit, and they don't do it because it's too long.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: I have it down to one year and even faster. Now, if they're wrong, we know immediately.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, you don't have to wait seven years. How about going through the process seven years and getting rejected? How about a highway that spends 19 years getting approved and then in the last vote they get a three-to-two vote no?

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: That happens oftentimes and they spend hundreds of millions of dollars on the approval. Not going to happen anymore.

Steve Doocy: I saw a headline on Drudge, I think this morning, unemployment at a 44-year low.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. Drudge is great, by the way. Matt Drudge is a great gentleman who -- who really -- I don't know, he's got an ability to capture the stories that people want to see. But that was the number one story on Drudge. Forty-four year low unemployment, and -- and I saw that in very big letters actually...

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: ...and I said "That makes me very proud."

Steve Doocy: Another story out there was -- this past week is, while you did meet with Kim Jong-un, it sounds like you and Mr. Putin may be sitting down sometime soon. What -- what can you tell us about that?

Donald Trump: We may. And -- and it started because a reporter shouted to me, "Should Putin be in the G-7?" I said, "No, he should be in the G-8." It used to be the G-8 a few years ago, and I think President Obama didn't like him or -- even though they gave advance notice about the election to Obama...

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: ...people forget about that. You know, Obama was told by the CIA or somebody, FBI, about Russia. He didn't do anything about it. How come he never gets blamed?

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: In September, just before the election, my election, he should have done it, because maybe I would have won by more.

Steve Doocy: Right. Yesterday, a big day. Not only did the A.G. report come out, but it was your birthday.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Steve Doocy: Get any good presents?

Donald Trump: I got a lot of good kisses. I got a lot of phone calls from people that I would never have gotten phone calls from. I got phone calls from...

Steve Doocy: Who'd you get the kisses from?

Donald Trump: From my beautiful wife...

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: ...who's really doing great, she's doing great. But -- and my kids.

Steve Doocy: Oh, speaking of your wife...

Donald Trump: Yeah?

Steve Doocy: ...you know, we saw a story -- I think as you were heading to the chopper you said, you know, she can't fly for a month.

Donald Trump: One month. Well, the doctor said, "Don't fly for a month," but she'll be able to very shortly.

Steve Doocy: Because she's on the mend?

Donald Trump: Oh, she's in great shape. She's like perfect.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: She -- somebody said, "Did she have a face lift?" No. "Did she have this? Did she have that?" I mean, the speculation, even after the doctors gave a full -- and these are White House doctors. They give -- you know, they give really straight stuff. But no, she's doing fantastically well.

Steve Doocy: We had your son Don Jr. on our show, and he said he was not getting you anything for your birthday because you've got everything.

Donald Trump: Well, I just want to have a successful country. I'll be honest, I -- this is so intensive. We've done more -- I don't say this in a bragging way, actually some of the haters actually say this. We've done more in 500 days -- so now it's 510 days -- than any 500-day president first term by far.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And that's what I want to do. I want to really -- you know, I got elected to make America great again. Very simple: Make America great again. That's what we're doing. And we are respected around the world. You take a look at Iran, they're not talking about Iran taking over the Middle East. I took that crazy deal that Obama gave them away. Iran is not looking to the Mediterranean anymore. You know, they had to go through a lot of territory to get there.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They're looking to survive. But I will tell you, some day soon they're going to come back and they're going to want to negotiate a deal and we'll make a deal. But they were nasty. They were very, very nasty, and it had to be stopped. I took away the deal, and I think they've been treating America with much more respect.

Donald Trump: And I have to say that you don't see the little boats circling our boats anymore; do you notice that? Remember with Obama, you had this beautiful destroyer, you had this Annapolis captain on the boat, and he's sitting there, and you could see he's like a boiler waiting to explode, because he was giving orders. And they were circling us with those boats, right? And he wanted to shoot the hell out of them...

Steve Doocy: Well, they were harassing -- trying to engage...

Donald Trump: He wanted to -- they were harassing our -- our guys. And he wanted to shoot the hell out of them.

Steve Doocy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you don't see that stuff anymore. By the way, when they captured our 10 sailors and made them get on their knees, you're not going to see that anymore.

Steve Doocy: I hear the bells in the distance. We're coming up on 9 o'clock in the East. How're you going to celebrate Father's Day?

Donald Trump: Work. I'm going to work. I'm going to actually be calling North Korea. I'm going to be calling...

Steve Doocy: What are you going to say to him?

Donald Trump: I just had -- right now I have a call from your friend from France, Emmanuel.

Steve Doocy: What are you going to tell him?

Donald Trump: I'm going to tell him, "You have to treat us better on trade." European Union's not treating us well on trade. I love trade. You know, trades always been my thing. Even 20 years ago when I'd be talking to you, trade was always my thing. It's probably -- I'm getting a lot of credit for what we're doing foreign, but I -- I think my best thing is going to be trade.

Donald Trump: We have to straighten out our trade. You know, we're doing well despite our bad trade deals. After we do our trade deals, what 'til you see the numbers.

Steve Doocy: Right. Mr. President, I don't think in the history -- anybody ever know of the sitting president come out on the North Lawn?

Unidentified: Never.

Steve Doocy: Never. Never happened.

Donald Trump: Secret Service is thrilled...[Laughter] ...as I -- as I stand here.

Steve Doocy: On the way...

Donald Trump: Look at these guys they're ready to..

Steve Doocy: Yeah. I feel very secure.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Steve Doocy: You know what? He --

Donald Trump: This is definitely your son. By the way...

Steve Doocy: It's fine. He's not...

Donald Trump: ...I looked at him -- I look at him, there's no question that's your son.

Steve Doocy: That's very kind of you. All right, Mr. President, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you.