Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-greg-hurst-wreg-memphis-tn-october-2-2018

Greg Hurst: Mr. President welcome to the Mid-South.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Greg Hurst: You were here to campaign for a couple of candidates for the U.S. Senate. Are you a little disappointed that this race, or these races are as close as they are, especially into deep red states that you won so handily?

Donald Trump: Well, I think Roger is in great shape and I think Cindy Hyde-Smith -- she's going to be... she's going to do really well, she's leading by, I think, quite a bit. But you just have to go out and vote. And I know my numbers here terrific. We had -- I love the people of Mississippi. They are great people. So, that's why I'm here.

Donald Trump: If my numbers weren't good, I wouldn't be here. I would not be here at all. But, I won the state by many, many votes. And, these are great people. So Cindy Hyde-Smith's in a race that I think she's substantially up, but I still want to make sure she's in good shape. Roger Wicker is -- Roger's Roger. He's doing great.

Greg Hurst: Mr. President, since you were elected it seems like the political climate in Washington has become even more divided. Do you think that some of the controversies within your administration helped lead to that division, and perhaps even the reason that some of these races are as close as they are?

Donald Trump: I actually think we have a very unified party. I just, as you know, there's there are poll numbers showing I'm in the 90s, even sometimes the mid-90s in the Republican Party, which is a record. I think we actually have very, very strong in terms of the Republican -- if you look back to the Obama administration, I think it was worse, OK? And I've said it to a lot of people.

Donald Trump: It might have been a little bit more silent, but I think it was much more divided than it is right now. But there's no question, there's a big division in the country and I don't like to see it, but it's there.

Greg Hurst: You know, even among the casual observer, they would have to say that your conservative Republican base absolutely adores you. They love you. All you have to do is look at the people who are lining the streets on our trip from the Memphis International Airport to the Landers Center. There were thousands of people out there documenting your journey, wishing you well.

Greg Hurst: Of course, there are thousands waiting for you here in the Landers Center. So you see that, and then you have these Democrats who immensely dislike you. How do you explain that great divide?

Donald Trump: Well they don't like a strong military. I do. You know, we're going to have the strongest military we've ever had. Everything made right here. You know, the ships and the missiles and everything, and we won't have to use it because we'll be so strong, nobody is going to want to mess with us, right? That's always important.

Donald Trump: We have a very strong law enforcement ethic. We agree with ICE. We don't want people coming in here. ICE is fantastic. The job they do, and they go after the toughest people, and these toughest people are concerned with ICE because ICE is tougher than them. They want open borders. I mean, basically, they want open borders.

Donald Trump: They want crime. They're going to destroy your Medicare. If you look at it, Medicare is a great thing, they're going to destroy it. So many different things, and you look at what they are doing, and you can -- it's actually a little hard to understand where they're coming from. They want high taxes. We want low taxes.

Donald Trump: Now, who can feel good about that? But we've cut our taxes, we've cut regulation. We're for law and order. We're a very powerful, strong, you know, presence, because we don't want people hurt. And yet, they're on the other side of the equation. So someday, somebody will explain what that's all about.

Greg Hurst: Mr. President, let us talk briefly about your Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh. Are you concerned at all about the controversy that is surrounding his nomination, that he may not be able to serve effectively, and that there are some on the other side of the aisle who say that any decision he makes would be tainted?

Donald Trump: Well, I just think he's a fantastic person. You know, for 10 years, everybody talked about Brett Kavanaugh was the ultimate Supreme Court judge, would have been, he was going to go into court some day. This was going on for years, until about three weeks ago, when they started hitting him with all sorts of things, and charges that I don't believe for a minute.

Donald Trump: And what they've done to that man and that family is so sad when I look at it. I watched him the other day and I said, he can't believe it. Did you see the one time when he was reading a question, and he was just shaking his head, and you could see, he was shaking his head, saying "I can't believe I'm here." Because this is just something that was impossible.

Donald Trump: He was the most qualified person maybe ever put up. And what they've done to him, and now all of that, I think, just about all of that is all gone. It was all uncorroborated. It was fabricated stories, in many cases. A very, very sad situation. And I'm with him all the way. We can't let that happen, where somebody comes out of nowhere and makes a charge and, you know, you're guilty and you have no chance of proving your innocence?

Donald Trump: The whole thing -- it's supposed to be the other way around. You're innocent until proven guilty, and I'll tell you what, the people of Mississippi are with him. I see it, and you see all those thousands of people outside trying to get in. They can't get in unfortunately because it's fact. But those people are with us. We have something going that I don't think has ever happened in this country.

Donald Trump: We have people, and I use the expression Make America Great Again, keep America great. That's going to be in another year, because we've -- we've come so far. You look at the unemployment numbers. They're are at a record low, and for and for every group. African-American, you take a look. Asian American, women.

Donald Trump: You look at -- every group is at a number that's historically the best. And we're doing a great job. But what's happening to Judge Kavanaugh is -- is disgraceful. And I think it's energizing the Republican Party.

Greg Hurst: I've got the signal here. I know you're running short on time. Let me ask you one question about tariffs. We have a lot of farmland here in the Mid-South. A lot of farmers. Some of them are concerned about these tariffs hurting them and their production. Even one of your strongest advocates, Marsha Blackburn in Tennessee, who's running for the U.S. Senate as well, she's not sure this is the right course of action.

Greg Hurst: Why do you think it is?

Donald Trump: Well, she doesn't have to worry about it anymore. Neither do you. Because, as you know, we made our deal with Mexico and Canada yesterday.

Greg Hurst: But about with China?

Donald Trump: It's not a tar -- well, China is another thing. We're going to straighten that out. China is a very important element going on right now. China, has been taking billions and billions of dollars out of our country for years. $500 billion a year, from -- years. We rebuilt China, and it's got to stop, and about five months ago we started the move.

Donald Trump: This should have been done by presidents for decades, and nobody did it, and we are doing fantastically as a country and they're not. And that's to a certain extent because of us. Not that I want that to happen, but they are not doing well, and we're doing fantastically well.

Donald Trump: And I believe that they will come back, just like you have the new NAFTA deal. I don't want to use the word NAFTA, because it was such a terrible deal for a country with what they did to jobs and businesses leaving our country. But now we have a trade deal that's a great deal. And that'll happen with China too. And the farmers appreciate it.

Donald Trump: And you know what the farmers are saying? "Let the president do what he does best. Let him do it." Because you cannot allow what's happening with China to continue. So, we're doing very well against China. I don't even call it a trade war. We're doing very well. Remember this: billions and billions of dollars are coming into the coffers of the United States, paid for by China, and it's turning very quickly.

Donald Trump: They would like to talk. They would like to make a deal. At the right time, we'll probably make a deal. But I think it's too early.

Greg Hurst: Alright, Mr President --

Donald Trump: And the farmers, by the way, the farmers, these are great patriots. They know what I'm doing that's right, and we love them. And just like I produced with Canada and with Mexico, where the markets are now expanded, they're going to have a much bigger market. We're going to do something even more special with China.

Greg Hurst: Mr. President, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much Greg.

Greg Hurst: Safe travels.

Donald Trump: Great to be with you.

Greg Hurst: Do you mind if she gets a quick shot -- [Interview ends]