Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-bill-oreilly-no-spin-news-november-26-2019

Bill O'Reilly: So, Mr. President, thank you very much for doing this interview for millions of people around the country and the world on radio. I think this is your first extensive radio interview. Do you feel like FDR? Because he used radio to get his message across.

Donald Trump: Well, he did indeed and he used it well, a little bit different time, we have a little -- few more options, Bill. A few more options today, which I like and social media has been very dominant, and it's certainly been a very good thing for me because the press is so dishonest, just unbelievable. So, with social media, I can go around the corrupt media.

Bill O'Reilly: In hindsight, if you had to do the phone call with the Ukraine President again, would you mention Joe Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, I was mentioned just -- very unimportantly, and as you know, Joe Biden's son became rich, as soon as, Joe Biden became Vice President, and in my way of thinking, that's totally corrupt. And the press, this is what I talk about, the media, they don't want to cover it. Every Republican is shaking their head.

Donald Trump: They can't believe it. I have the highest rating ever in the history of the Republican Party, 95% approval. Ronald Reagan was at 87%, he was second. They see what I'm saying. Joe Biden, it was -- it's criminal what they've done, and frankly, that they get away with it is amazing. The son who was -- who didn't have a job, who got thrown out of the Navy, who was really down and out, all of a sudden, is making millions and millions and millions of dollars working with Ukraine.

Donald Trump: He had no knowledge of energy. He was working with an energy company, as you know, has no knowledge of energy, and they were paying him, I guess many people say, $168,000 a month, it varies, but we know it's very high, millions of dollars. Then he goes to China, picks up $1.5 billion for a fund, which is tens of millions of dollars a year in fees and other things.

Donald Trump: And now, other countries are coming to light. It's a payoff. It's absolutely a payoff. No, the call was a perfect call. I had your friend, Mark Levin go do a whole show on it. I had Gregg Jarrett. I didn't have -- they did it. I just happened to see it. I had Gregg Jarrett analyze it. There was nothing said wrong.

Donald Trump: It was a very, very nice call.

Bill O'Reilly: So your intent --

Donald Trump: But we have to look for corruption, Bill, we have to look for corruption. I mean, we're sending them tremendous amounts of money. We don't want to be sending it for corrupt purposes. And the other thing that bothers me is why isn't France and Germany, and you know, NATO, you could say, why aren't these other countries and institutions, why aren't they paying some of the money?

Donald Trump: Why is it always this sucker, United States? And that's probably millions all the time --

Bill O'Reilly: Were you surprised that the narrative being put out by the Democratic Party and the press right now, is all about you trying to hurt Biden for personal gain? That's the narrative they're putting out. That's why you have the impeachment inquiry.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a false narrative and it's shocking, except that they're corrupt. The media is a part of the Democrat Party, essentially, and the media is very corrupt. Not all of it, I know some great journalists and some good, honorable folks. But generally speaking, you read these stories in The New York Times or The Washington Post, it has nothing to do with those hearings, and you see what's happening with the polls, way down, the concept of impeaching the President are way down.

Donald Trump: They've taken a dive since the hearings, and the hearings were rigged. Adam Schiff wouldn't give us lawyers. He wouldn't give us witnesses. We can't talk to the whistleblower, who is a fake whistleblower. We have to talk to Adam Schiff. Why did Adam Schiff make up what I said? He went before Congress and read a statement about what I said, but it wasn't what I said.

Donald Trump: He made it up, 100% made it up.

Bill O'Reilly: He was mocking you. Right. What was Rudy Giuliani --

Donald Trump: No, he wasn't mocking me, Bill. Bill, he wasn't mocking me. He was trying to get them to believe I said what he made up and it was horrible what he said. That's why I released the transcript.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah. He said -- I don't really care what he says, but what was Rudy Giuliani doing in Ukraine on your behalf?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to ask that to Rudy. But Rudy, I don't, I don't even know. I know he was going to go to Ukraine, and I think, he canceled a trip. But, you know, Rudy has other clients other than me. I'm one person --

Bill O'Reilly: So, you didn't direct him to go there on your behalf?

Donald Trump: No, but -- but you have to understand, Rudy is a great corruption fighter. He's one of the greatest in the last 50 years. He was the greatest Mayor in the history of the city of New York, by far, much better than Bloomberg. I mean, Bloomberg when he took it over, the crime was in great shape. I mean, Rudy did a great job as Mayor.

Donald Trump: And you know, when you think, I mean, he has to look, I mean, he felt, he felt personally insulted by what happened during my campaign because there were a lot of bad things happening, and you know that better than anybody else. A lot of really bad things were happening during my campaign. In a way, it's a miracle that I won because with all of those horrible things with the media against, with the dishonesty, the tremendous dishonesty.

Donald Trump: Then you hear about Google and Facebook and Twitter, everybody against, and we won. And really, I guess, you could say it was a landslide in the Electoral College, and it's a pretty big victory.

Bill O'Reilly: So, Rudy Giuliani, he's your personal lawyer. Giuliani's your personal lawyer.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bill O'Reilly: So, you didn't direct him to go to Ukraine to do anything or put any heat on them?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't direct him but he's a warrior, Rudy's a warrior. Rudy went, he possibly saw something. But you have to understand, Rudy has other people that he represents. He has --

Bill O'Reilly: No, I know, he has a big firm that does that work.

Donald Trump: I think he's done work in Ukraine for years. You know, I've just absolutely done a lot of -- he's done a lot of work in Ukraine over the years, and I think, I mean that's what I heard. And I might have even read that someplace, but he's a good man and he's an honorable guy, and he's a great crime fighter, corruption fighter.

Bill O'Reilly: OK. Why --

Donald Trump: Probably the best in 50 years and when he saw it, when he saw what, you know, he was very much involved in this fake, phony Mueller report that took two years, and he saw what happened and he was aggrieved by it, as was I and as was everybody else who was involved. It was a disgrace.

Bill O'Reilly: We'll be right back with more of my exclusive interview with President Donald Trump. Please stay tuned. [Commercial Break] Welcome back, Bill O'Reilly here and I'm joined once again by the President of the United States. So, Mr. President, I tell my audience that the only time I've really seen you show emotion to me was when I interviewed you about the Robert Mueller report right after it came out.

Bill O'Reilly: I don't know whether you remember, but it was last June for the United States of Trump, the book that I wrote on you. And you showed emotion, and it's the last chapter of the book. So, you were -- were you relieved when it came out? Were you angry? What was your feeling when Mueller finally said, we don't really have anything on the President?

Donald Trump: Well, I knew I did nothing wrong, just like Hillary Clinton the other day said that Tulsi Gabbard and that Jill Stein, the Green Party, that they're agents of Russia. OK. Well, that's the same thing they said about me and it was just as fake. Now, I know, I don't know those two people, but I know they have nothing to do with Russia, OK.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: But with me, it took me two years to get out of that. It's a disgrace. Now, well, I hope I didn't show emotion because I don't like to show too much emotion, I will be honest.

Bill O'Reilly: No, but you did. No, it's not a bad thing to show emotion. I mean, you were -- any human being would have.

Donald Trump: We went through two years of a witch hunt like nobody's ever gone through.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: And I won and there was no collusion whatsoever, and there were thousands of subpoenas and hundreds of interviews, and you know, you say who knows what they're going to say? People could lie. People could, who knows what's going to happen and it came out, no collusion. After all of that work, it came out, no collusion.

Donald Trump: And there were a few people, there were a few people --

Bill O'Reilly: Did any of the press apologize to you?

Donald Trump: Nobody apologized.

Bill O'Reilly: Did none of the press said, hey, because you were convicted in The New York Times, Washington Post, and the cable nets, they convicted you?

Donald Trump: No, they don't apologize. They're bad people.

Bill O'Reilly: Nobody said, hey, I'm sorry we got it wrong. Not one person?

Donald Trump: Nope, not one person said it and Mueller didn't say it. His bunch of 13 angry Democrats never said it. It went to 18, by the way, as you know. But they never said it. The Washington Post never apologized to me for false reporting for years. The New York Times didn't apologize.

Bill O'Reilly: That's amazing.

Donald Trump: Nobody apologized. CNN, I mean, CNN, they had --

Bill O'Reilly: Well, they're making money hating you, you know that. They make money hating you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know, but nobody apologized, it's a very good -- well, I hadn't thought of it that way. I guess, they're so bad and so evil, I never expected to have an apology.

Bill O'Reilly: Well, if I get it wrong, I apologize. I don't think I've ever got it wrong with you, but you know, if I get it wrong, I apologize. What about John Bolton?

Donald Trump: No, we've done a lot of work together.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah. What about John Bolton? Why did he leave your administration?

Donald Trump: Well, I got along with John, I always did but he was having a little difficulty with some of the other folks. And it was time, it was not a big deal, I didn't think and I've always liked him. He's a tough guy. He's, you know, has a tough attitude on the world and I do too, frankly. Maybe I would be a little bit, a little bit longer in terms of to accepting, I could wait a little bit longer, and maybe, I'm more severe than he is. I mean, it's you know, but John, I've always liked him.

Donald Trump: I've always gotten along and he's had a couple of people in there, one in particular who I really liked, who worked very closely with him, and you know, we very much are of the same thing. Other than sometimes, he'd want to go a little bit faster and do it faster than me.

Bill O'Reilly: But why did he leave?

Donald Trump: He's a warrior in the sense that he wants to take care of things when this country isn't respected.

Bill O'Reilly: But why did he leave your administration?

Donald Trump: Different, really differences with not me as much as one or two other people that are important, you know, that have positions that are very important. But I would say --

Bill O'Reilly: So, I'm reading Secretary of State Pompeo here. I'm reading that into what you said.

Donald Trump: Well, whoever, that you'd have to ask them. You could ask John. But I actually --

Bill O'Reilly: Was he too hawkish?

Donald Trump: I had a very good relationship with John, actually.

Bill O'Reilly: OK. Was he too hawkish? Was he too aggressive?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a hawk, no doubt about it.

Bill O'Reilly: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: He's a hawk, there's no doubt and you're not going to change that. I wouldn't want to change that. I viewed John, as you know, very much of an advantage because I'll make that final decision, but you know, bringing John in, the other side views it, and they say, wow, he's tough. So, no, my relationship with John was a very good relationship, actually.

Bill O'Reilly: What's holding up the China deal?

Donald Trump: They're much tougher negotiators with me than they were with, where's Hunter? Meaning, Biden. I call him where's Hunter because he disappears, and then, just takes all the money that he ripped off and disappears. Do you ever notice, one of the most incredible things is during the debates, it's such a big subject.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you one thing, if he gets the nomination, that's going to dominate my debates. It's going to dominate. I will make sure it dominates because what he did is corrupt. But do you ever notice that not one Democrat, you know, they'll debate each other, they want to win. They never mention that and I watched Anderson Cooper during one of the debates, and he brought it up almost like he was embarrassed to even bring up the subject.

Bill O'Reilly: Why do you think the journalistic didn't think that question up? It doesn't seem to be a tough question?

Donald Trump: Because they're corrupt. They're corrupt. It's a corrupt establishment. You look at ESPN and you look at what they've done, if I do something great, for instance, Al Baghdadi, I took that -- we killed Al Baghdadi.

Bill O'Reilly: You said, ESPN, you're talking to CNN now, right?

Donald Trump: I'm sorry, CNN.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: ESPN is pretty bad, too, by the way, if you want to know the truth. That's why they're down the dog -- that's why they're down the tubes. I mean, you look at what's happened to ESPN, it's like a different deal, but they're pretty bad, too. In fact, maybe just as bad. But that's why they're down. But do you ever notice the Academy Awards used to be the greatest thing?

Donald Trump: That's way down because they were hitting Trump and they were hitting millions of millions of our people and they turned off.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They turned off. Now it's not even doing well.

Bill O'Reilly: They can't even get a host. Nobody wants to host it.

Donald Trump: The Academy Awards was the biggest thing outside of the Super Bowl. Now, it's like a regular show because they were hitting our people and our people don't need to, they don't want to take it. They don't want to take it. But, no, CNN, if you look at CNN, the way they -- I mean, it's just story after story.

Bill O'Reilly: But nobody watches them.

Donald Trump: Hopefully, I'll be -- hopefully, we'll be talking for five more years, OK? But when I do leave, at some point, you know, a lot of them think I'll never leave. I mean, this character, Bill Maher, said he'll never leave. Don't you know he's going to win? But he's never going to leave, no matter what, he'll never leave.

Donald Trump: Don't you know that? And I used to think he was kidding. He's actually serious. He really believes that, but let's say, I'm there, hopefully, for five years, we'll win and we'll do good. Look, the economy just hit a new record, as we're speaking, just hit a brand new record, greatest economy in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: The stock market just hit a new record, it's up a lot today, and that's great because you know, I view it as not that way, I view it as jobs. Every time I see that going up, I know it's jobs. Did you ever hear? I mean, of course, you did, but it's the economy is stupid. I guess that was Clinton or somebody.

Donald Trump: It's all about the economy. Well, I have the greatest economy in the history of politics. All right? Nobody's ever had an economy like I do. I hope it stays this way but I have the greatest -- nobody gives me any credit for that. Nobody says, well, he can't be beaten because the economy so strong. If I were a Democrat, and if I had this economy, and if Hillary got in, by the way, the economy would be, it would have crashed, it would have crashed.

Donald Trump: But if I were a Democrat with this economy, it wouldn't even be a contest. They'd all be talking about, he can't be beaten, the economy is too good. Very famous line, you know, it's the economy, stupid.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah. That was a --

Donald Trump: It's all about the economy. So, I have the strongest economy in the history of politics. Nobody's ever...

Bill O'Reilly: No, they have declined, there is no doubt about it.

Donald Trump: Because of me, it's now a vibrant paper for a little while, but after I'm gone, hopefully, that'll be a long time, but because we still have a lot of work to do. But after I'm gone, Bill, it goes out of business.

Bill O'Reilly: Well, the whole media -- I think you're going to start a media company, Trump TV. That's what I think. But we'll get to that in a minute. But if you can get the China deal --

Donald Trump: I'm not, I'm not interested in that, but that's OK. Go ahead.

Bill O'Reilly: No? If you could get the China deal, the economy --

Donald Trump: No. You know I'm interested in -- I'm interested in one thing. I'm interested in what I'm doing now, to make the country, it's really about to Make America Great Again. Now, it's getting to be, keep America Great. That being --

Bill O'Reilly: Right. We talked about that in the book.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bill O'Reilly: But if you can get the China deal, the economy would then go into another level, and I'm wondering what's holding that deal up?

Donald Trump: Me, I'm holding it up.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah? Really?

Donald Trump: Yeah, because it's got to be a good deal if it's done. You have to understand, China has been taking out $500 billion a year for many years out of our country, OK, hundreds of billions of dollars. $200 billion, $300 billion, $500 billion, $400 billion back and forth. But on average, hundreds of billions of -- not millions, hard to believe, billions.

Donald Trump: They have been taking like we're babies, like we're schoolchildren. Especially during Biden's reign with Barack Obama, they ripped us off like nobody's ever been ripped off, and Biden didn't even know it. When he first got into the race, he was saying how wonderful they were. And so, we can't make a deal that's like even, we have to make a deal -- I told that to President Xi. We're so far down that we can't just make an even deal.

Donald Trump: We have to make a deal where we do much better because we have to catch up.

Bill O'Reilly: I have one more question on the economy, and then, we'll get into the homeless thing, which is fascinating, and the Mexican thing, which is really brutal. Mr. President, if you could please stay with us for a moment. We'll be right back after a few words. [Commercial Break] Bill O'Reilly here. Welcome back to my exclusive interview with President Donald Trump.

Bill O'Reilly: On the economy, your administration has spent more money, more federal dollars than the Obama administration did in its first term.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bill O'Reilly: Does that worry you because we owe $23 trillion?

Donald Trump: No, no, it doesn't because for a different reason, I can solve that. That's much easier than what I've been doing. I've had to rebuild the military, Bill. I've rebuilt the military. I took over this great country and our military was in horrible shape. It was totally depleted. I had a General walk in and tell me they had no ammunition.

Donald Trump: We don't have ammunition. Can you imagine? I said that no President should ever hear that again, and I went to work very quickly, and we brought massive amounts of ammunition to a point where we could barely store it. And I rebuilt new planes, new ships are being built, new -- a lot of things, plus I'm working it. You know, like you probably read, I'm very unhappy with a certain aircraft carrier that's way over budget.

Donald Trump: That was an Obama deal. So incompetent the way they give out contracts. I've never seen anything like it and all that stuff is being worked on. You know this is for years and years, this is even before him, but this for years and years. But we've had to rebuild the military. We had to fix our country and when I'm ready to go, it'll be very easier to bring down costs, much harder, I had to fix our military.

Donald Trump: That was the biggest --

Bill O'Reilly: So you're confident --

Donald Trump: We just approved $738 billion.

Bill O'Reilly: I want to get you on the record. In a second term, if you're re-elected, you're going to try to bring down the debt?

Donald Trump: Oh, sure, sure. That'll be easy. Do you know why that's easy?

Bill O'Reilly: Why?

Donald Trump: Because all of these things and much of the money that I'm spending right now and a lot of it's on the military. We're building a wall along the Mexican border. We need that wall desperately.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: I'm taking it at -- largely out of the military. It's being built by the Army Corps of Engineers. It's going up very rapidly, but we need, you know, all of these things. The Democrats want to have open borders. They want open borders. They want these people to come in and many of them are stone-cold criminals and they will rape and pillage, OK? We can't have them in.

Bill O'Reilly: Well, while we are on that subject.

Donald Trump: Without a wall, you can't have border security.

Bill O'Reilly: While we're on that subject. And you and I occasionally speak and I never, ever say to anybody what you and I talk about because we've known each other for 30 years. I don't know what -- how you put up with me for that long. But --

Donald Trump: Long time, I have a lot of respect.

Bill O'Reilly: One of the things that you have said to me, and I don't think you'll be angry about me putting this out there, is that if another country murdered 100,000 Americans with guns, we would go to war with that country.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bill O'Reilly: Yet, but the Mexican drug cartels kill more than 100,000 Americans every year by the importation of dangerous narcotics.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Bill O'Reilly: Are you going to designate those cartels in Mexico as terror groups and start hitting them with drones and things like that?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say what I'm going to do, but they will be designated. I don't say what I want to do. I've already offered Mexico. I like the President very much. I actually get along with this President much, much better than the previous President, and in theory, this President has socialistic tendencies, but I think, he's a very good man.

Donald Trump: But I've actually offered him to let us go in and clean it out and he so far has rejected the offer. But at some point, something has to be done. Look, we're losing 100,000 people a year to what's happening and what's coming through on Mexico. And they have unlimited money, the people, the cartels because they have a lot of money because it's drug money and human trafficking money.

Donald Trump: And you have to see some of the devices where they put it in cylinders of cars and you cannot tell. The thing that can sniff it out is a dog. The equipment you buy for tens of millions of dollars can't do it. A dog can do it, OK? Can you believe it? There's nothing like a good old fashioned German shepherd dog, especially, from a specific area, they're unbelievable.

Donald Trump: But, no, we were losing 100,000 thousand people. Now, multiply that times 10, the families that are destroyed.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, you have families that are absolutely destroyed. It is a very, very sad situation.

Bill O'Reilly: So you are going to designate, you're going to designate the Mexican cartels as terror groups?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I will be. I will be designating their cartel, absolutely. Absolutely.

Bill O'Reilly: All right. That will be a big story.

Donald Trump: I've been working on that for the last 90 days. You know designation is not that easy.

Bill O'Reilly: No, I know.

Donald Trump: You have to go through a process and we're well into that process.

Bill O'Reilly: And wait till you see, they'll attack you for doing that.

Donald Trump: I don't care.

Bill O'Reilly: I know. I know that but that's how absurd it is.

Donald Trump: I'm attacked on everything. Yeah, no, I'm attacked on everything. But the Democrats want open borders, they want sanctuary cities where they protect criminals. And you know, the people in those sanctuary cities don't want them, including in California, they don't want them.

Bill O'Reilly: Well, California is interesting.

Donald Trump: They should take a vote.

Bill O'Reilly: One of the most disgraceful things that I think all Americans see, is what's happening in Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco, with the thousands of mostly drug-addicted, substance abusers, homeless, running wild.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Bill O'Reilly: And you have said that you're going to have the EPA go in there and make it an environmental, a federal environmental problem, so you can deal with it because the local Democrats won't. Can you explain?

Donald Trump: I have already started the procedure. The EPA has already sent very powerful letters and letters of essentially letters of default to San Francisco, others are going out to L.A. Because what's happening is all of the horrible things that -- first, we have to take care of our homeless, but we also have to save these cities.

Donald Trump: These cities are great cities, and they're going down the tubes. Nancy Pelosi's San Francisco, what's going on there is unbelievable. Los Angeles, you take a look at what's happening, and human waste, needles, drugs, everything. It's being sent into the Pacific Ocean through the storm sewers. Storm sewers are not supposed to have that, they're not supposed to have that.

Donald Trump: And all of this stuff doing is washing into the storm sewers and going into the Pacific Ocean, and EPA has let them know because you know, people, some people smile, people that know me don't smile, but I'm very much an environmentalist. I want clean air. I want clean water and what's happening is all of these needles and all of this horrible stuff, where police are getting sick by walking, they're literally getting sick, they're very sick, many police, by walking the beat, just by walking by it every day.

Donald Trump: Where tenants that are paying a lot of money coming from other countries in some cases, they want to leave these buildings because they don't want to have to walk through. I mean, they're walking through thousands of people that are, you know, in some cases sick, very sick and it's a very sad thing for everybody.

Bill O'Reilly: So, what can the federal government do?

Donald Trump: Nancy Pelosi ought to be focused on that as opposed to focus on this most ridiculous thing I've seen, impeachment, which has gone way, way down in the numbers now that people understand it, way, way down, and especially in swing states and with independents, way down.

Bill O'Reilly: Let's just get back to the homeless thing. What can the federal government do to stop the homeless encampments? What can you guys do?

Donald Trump: Well, the first thing we have to do is remove the people from the streets and put them in institutions or in some cases, as you know, put them in hospitals.

Bill O'Reilly: And you think that will happen?

Donald Trump: Many of these people are sick people.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: Many of these people are sick, very, very sick and we have to remove them. We have to put them where they can have some care, some good care, and we have to, in some cases put, you know, facilities outside in areas that aren't expensive.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah, military bases.

Donald Trump: Where you have land, not where you have 50-story buildings every block.

Bill O'Reilly: But I can see San Francisco, I can see the Attorney General, Becerra of California and the Governor, Newsom, out there fighting you.

Donald Trump: Oh, they'll fight me.

Bill O'Reilly: If the feds try to close down these encampments. I can see that.

Donald Trump: Well, Newsom fought me on forest fires. Now, he finds out I'm right. Those fires in California, there's no reason to have them. The floors of the forests are filthy, dirty, meaning, feet of leaves and fallen timber. You know, when a tree falls, if it's there for more than 18 months, it becomes like a matchstick, OK? It's dry, dead-bone dry and the leaves underneath are bone dry, and in some cases, they're there for years.

Donald Trump: When you start one little fire, it goes up, the whole thing goes up. If they would clean that out, you wouldn't have fires. You would have very few fires. I mean, you have cities that are called forest cities, they're in forests in Europe. You take a look at, they have forest countries. You have countries that are in the mountains.

Donald Trump: They don't have anything like this, and they have more flammable lumber of the type that California has, but more flammable than that, more inclined to burn. And they don't have --

Bill O'Reilly: All right. Well, it'll be interesting to see if you, when you go up against the state of California because they'll try to prevent the federal government from cleaning up the homeless.

Donald Trump: Well, we're doing it with cars too. The cars -- people are spending $3,500 more for a car that's not as good because it's sucking, it needs a little more energy. It needs a little more gasoline, OK? Just a little bit more, like from a -- like from a glass, and instead, they spend $3,000 more, the cars are unsafe because they make them so light, they're like papier-mache.

Donald Trump: So, what I've done is, I said we're going to build and we're going to end up in litigation with these characters. We're going to build a much stronger car, a much safer car that's going to cost less money and it's going to work better.

Bill O'Reilly: Mr. President, if you could, please stay with us for a moment. We'll be right back after a few words. [Commercial Break] Welcome back, Bill O'Reilly here and I'm joined once again by the President of the United States. I've got two more questions for you. Outside of the economy, what do you consider your greatest accomplishment as President?

Donald Trump: Well, most people would consider, and I think I would, too. But I considered building up the military because, without the military, all of the other stuff doesn't matter so much. We have to protect ourselves. There's a very violent world out there, including other countries. But most people would say that what I've done with judges, I have two Supreme Court judges, I have -- I will soon be at 182 Federal Judges, including Court of Appeals, 182. Nobody has seen anything like it. It's a record.

Bill O'Reilly: Why is that important? Explain to the listeners, why is that important?

Donald Trump: The whole tenor of the country goes by judges and I can tell you that, you know, whether people like hearing it or not, you go before some judges and if you're of a certain persuasion, you cannot win, OK. You cannot win. You heard so much about the Ninth Circuit. Well, the Ninth Circuit is almost even now.

Donald Trump: It was a one way road and now it's almost even. We've appointed many judges to the Ninth Circuit because President Obama foolishly left me 142 judges. It's impossible to believe. I thought he'd have, you know, leave us none. He left us 142, and since then, we've approved a lot more than that, a lot more than added on to that.

Donald Trump: So, we are going to have 182 judges within a few months. We've already got approved about 161, and a lot of people would say that's a tremendous thing, but I would also say the biggest tax cuts in history, the biggest regulation cuts in history. What I've done for the VA, you don't see VA problems anymore.

Donald Trump: We've got Veterans Choice approved. We've got veterans' accountability. So, if people treat our veterans badly, they get fired. We couldn't fire them before, this took 45 years, nobody could get it approved, and I got it approved. Accountability. I mean, we've done a lot, Bill. We did something incredible, Right to Try, it's called.

Donald Trump: Where if a person is dying, they can use our modern drugs even though they're not approved.

Bill O'Reilly: Right. They don't have to go around.

Donald Trump: It is incredible, that is a big thing and I never understood why they didn't do that, but it took -- for 50 years, they've been trying to get it. I got it approved.

Bill O'Reilly: Ruth Bader Ginsburg is not in good health. Do you have someone you're going to appoint, you want to announce today?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think about that. I hope she's healthy.

Bill O'Reilly: OK. Finally, Thanksgiving. You're not that sentimental, but you are a traditionalist. What does Thanksgiving mean to you?

Donald Trump: Right. Well, you know, to me, it's beyond, I think, the original means, it's just giving thanks for everything we have. It's you know, this is a great country and I hear all sorts of things that people want to get away, you know, change the name for Thanksgiving. It's like, you know, you hear things that are just so incredible.

Donald Trump: No, Thanksgiving is a very special time and it's just really giving thanks, to me, it's giving thanks for everything that we have. It's really incredible and our country is doing well again. I'll tell you what had the Democrats won this election, instead of being at record numbers, you'd be at half the number that you were at when they took over.

Donald Trump: You know, if you look back, everybody said China was going to capture the United States in terms of the economy, it would surpass the United States within the second year of the Presidency, you know when I was running that kept saying that.

Donald Trump: Well, we picked up trillions and trillions of dollars in value, they've lost trillions. They're having the worst year they've had in 57 because of the tariffs. They're having the worst year that they've had in 57 years and we're having the best year we've ever had, and we are now so far ahead of them. But if you remember, I'm sure you remember this, that China will catch just in two years.

Donald Trump: Right? And they would have caught us already if Hillary got in and our stock market would have been half of what it was. And Instead, our stock market is up 67 --

Bill O'Reilly: So, it sounds to me that you are thankful that Hillary Clinton isn't President.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, hey, you know what's terrible? When I won, they're all screaming, lock her up, lock her up. Did a lot of bad things with the e-mail, 33,000 e-mails disappeared and all of these things. But I said, let's get on with it, let's get on. And then, she starts writing books and she's nasty, and so, you know, she just couldn't understand.

Donald Trump: She didn't understand that she lost big. She lost in a landslide. And you know, the Electoral College is an amazing thing. I'd rather have, frankly, I'd rather have a popular vote. I think I'd win easier. But I didn't campaign in areas, she was campaigning in California. She was campaigning in New York, which is an automatic, I mean, for whatever reason, but, you know, that's true.

Bill O'Reilly: Right.

Donald Trump: Automatic wins and she's campaigning in these places, I say, what's she doing? And we had a, you know, that people would call it, it's 306 to 223. That's a lot. Remember, they said I couldn't get to 270 and they were right. I got to 306. So, no, I think that it would have been a lot different story. We have a great country again and we have a Commander-in-Chief that protects its people.

Donald Trump: I just had a thing, semi-controversial to me, wasn't at all. I protected three warfighters that were being very harshly treated.

Bill O'Reilly: Yeah, the seals.

Donald Trump: As you know, they were being very, very harshly treated. I've got their back, and now, we have a great country again.

Bill O'Reilly: Mr. President, I want to thank you very much for taking the time to talk to all the listeners across the country, in the world, on the radio. I also want to wish you a very happy Thanksgiving, you and your family.

Donald Trump: Thank you, thank you very much, Bill. You too.

Bill O'Reilly: I hope you have a great time. I hope we can talk again soon.

Donald Trump: Good. We will and thank you very much, Bill. It's a great honor. Thank you.