Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wpht-radio-rich-zeoli-november-19-2019

Rich Zeoli: All right, we're here in the Oval Office with the President of the United States, President Donald Trump. Good morning sir.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Rich Zeoli: Pennsylvania, obviously incredibly important for you. You won Pennsylvania. They said you couldn't do it, and you did, and you're gonna win again, I believe. The USMCA, the trade deal, very, very critical to Pennsylvania jobs.

Donald Trump: Well, it is, but I mean, beyond even USMCA, Pennsylvania is now having the best year they've ever had because of our policies. We have more jobs. We're helping the steel. We're helping the refineries. We're helping agriculture. Pennsylvania's had the best year they've ever had, over the last couple of years, since I'm president, and I love the state.

Donald Trump: I went to school in the state, as you know. I went to college there. I went to the Wharton School, finance, and it's an -- it's a great place, and I hear we're doing even better than we did on the day of the election so I'm happy about that.

Rich Zeoli: When you think about -- there was a war on coal before you became president. A war on fossil fuels. All the Democrat candidates have said they want to end fracking, which is hugely important to Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: [Chuckles] There was a war and everything. They had a war -- they have a war on everything. They have a war on themselves, OK. These people that -- you know, I think they're stone cold crazy, if you want to know the truth. [Laughter] But, there's a war on everything. They're using impeachment for reasons that it was never intended.

Donald Trump: It's a -- I just watched a little bit of the hearing. It's a joke what's going on. Everyone is just -- they can't even believe it. They've politicized this to a level that it was never meant to be by the founders, and that'll be over soon, just like everything else. Don't forget -- and you were with me from the beginning, and I won't forget it. But the fact is, you remember, this started long before the election.

Donald Trump: I mean, they've been after me from before the election, and Schiff gets up yesterday and he starts making a speech, and, I guess, in California over the weekend, screaming about how he's going to take the president out, and now he's in charge of a committee where the Republicans have absolutely no rights, no due process, no witnesses, no lawyer, no nothing.

Donald Trump: It is a horrible thing happening. But here's the bottom line: we'll win, and Pennsylvania is going to win. We have things, and, you know, happening in Pennsylvania, as you know with -- with various plants opening up: auto plants, steel plants. Nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Rich Zeoli: And, you know, Mr. President, I talk to people all the time who say this impeachment thing is blowing up in their faces, because they turn around and go, why are you getting nothing done for us? USMCA is a great example, right? They -- they should have moved on it by now, but they won't move on it, because all they care about is going after you.

Donald Trump: Nancy Pelosi is incompetent. She has no idea what's going on. We're going to end up losing Mexico and Canada. They've been waiting for months. They call me they say, Sir, when is this going to happen. It's up to one person: Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the House. She doesn't want to put it up. She admits it's an incredible bill, replacing, by the way, the worst trade bill ever, which is NAFTA, where we lost thousands and thousands of companies and jobs, millions and millions of jobs.

Donald Trump: NAFTA was the worst. This is gonna be the -- one of the best trade deals -- maybe the best trade deal ever made. We're gonna lose it pretty soon, because Mexico and Canada, they're waiting for many months, and she's playing, probably, politics, but she's basically incompetent. She hasn't done anything. She's Speaker of the House.

Donald Trump: She hasn't done a thing, other than this phony impeachment, and I think it's going to blow up in her face. But, this deal is ready to go. I mean, I'm concerned that if she holds it much longer, they're going to just say thank you very much, and they're going to just say, let's go back and let's just do our thing.

Donald Trump: That can happen.

Rich Zeoli: Well, that's going to backfire on them, Mr. President. The workers want to see results. I call her Batty Pelosi. I mean, you're the master of nicknames, but that's what I call her. I just think that she's losing it, and, who would you love to run against the most? What -- who's your dream crazy candidate to run against the most?

Donald Trump: Well, it's hard to believe, out of 325 million people, that's the best they can do. I watched some of them this weekend, with the pandering, with the begging. I've never seen anything like it. So, you know you never know. I never want to talk too much, because you still have an election to run, and crazy things can happen in elections.

Donald Trump: Look how dirty they were with the filthy, dirty dossier that they produced on me. With all of the things that they've done, they're doing -- they do books on me, and they have nobody signing the books. That's all the same group that we have right now. I don't even call it deep state. I call it bad people.

Donald Trump: I see it, you know, people testifying. I see people going over and testifying, and these are just a lot of bad people. But we have a lot of good people too. Fortunately, they more than surmount the bad -- the bad ones. But USMCA is something that should be approved immediately. If it's not approved immediately, Mexico, Canada they're going to say goodbye, sayonara.

Donald Trump: We appreciate it. And it's such an incredible deal for us. And, you know, look, they picketed. When the deal was made, they picketed in those countries, because they weren't so happy with the deal. Nancy Pelosi is going to blow one of the greatest deals ever made.

Rich Zeoli: Mr. President, I'm grateful you said I was with you from the beginning. It was my honor to be with you from the beginning. There are a lot of Never Trumpers, though, and I see -- I think that they're angry that you want to bring the troops home. They're angry at you that you don't want to start any new wars.

Rich Zeoli: I mean, that's -- that's what who is turning on you, as I see it sir.

Donald Trump: Well, they're even angry when I got al-Baghdadi. I mean, they were -- they couldn't believe it. I got al-Baghdadi, who's the number one terrorist in the world. I mean, the founder of ISIS. He's trying to rebuild ISIS, because I was the one that knocked out 100 percent of the caliphate. When I took over three years ago, the caliphate was all over the place, and I knocked it out.

Donald Trump: Then I knock him out, and I -- literally they made him into a religious leader. The front page of The Washington Post, they made him into a great, wonderful, religious leader, as opposed to what he is, which is a horrible terrorist, the number one -- but you look at that -- and even the deep-staters. You know the deep-staters, in a certain way, the Never Trumpers, I find, are almost worse than the Obama and Clinton people.

Donald Trump: Never Trumpers are -- there's something about them. They're -- they're out of business. There aren't too many of them left. They're on the respirator, as I say. But the Never Trumpers are -- these are people that if you took, with all the judges that -- you know, I'll be up to 182 judges very soon. That's a -- federal judges, Court of Appeals, District Court and two Supreme Court judges, and we rebuilt our military.

Donald Trump: We got rid of the individual mandate in Obamacare. We're going for things that nobody's ever done before. We're protecting our Second Amendment. You do all of these things, and you say a, John Smith is the President, all of these Never Trumpers would say he's the greatest President that ever lived. But with my name on it, I still have to fight, but that's OK, because you've been with me from the beginning, and I will never forget it.

Rich Zeoli: Mr. President, it's my honor sir. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Rich Zeoli: God bless you, bud.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]