Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-mission-texas-border-january-10-2019

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, you have the Rio Grande behind us these are the guys on the frontline. You're giving them encouraging messages right behind them, as 500 pounds of drugs that they have captured from this river.

Donald Trump: That's right. They are incredible people. We've just spent some time together, and we had a whole group meeting -- we also had that was just covered on your network and other networks. And it's incredible, the job they do and we really appreciate it. That's right. They have a tremendous amount of drugs that they just captured right behind us and that's what they do. And we had a barrier, a steel barrier, a concrete barrier, call it whatever you want.

Donald Trump: It wouldn't have. We wouldn't have the problem.

Sean Hannity: I have some shots that we'll show in this. People can walk across the river and take them about what a minute and a half two minutes. That's that's all true that if there is no barrier all those drugs get in if these guys can carry over every inch of you know the 2,000 miles.

Donald Trump: That's right. They have easy access into the United States. We've built a lot of wall we've renovated tremendous amount of wall with money that we've already gotten and we're continuing that. But now we really just want to get it going and finish it up and we're going to build the new wall and it's common sense really is when you think of it whether you're into the world of law enforcement like these incredible folks behind us that understand the wall so easily.

Donald Trump: I mean it would make the job so much better and they could also go to other areas because we have the wall you don't need so many people we would probably pay for that many times in one year. If you think about it many times. So it's not a money thing it's a political thing. They look at the 2020 race and they're not feeling too good about it. They'll do whatever they can to win.

Sean Hannity: I have tapes of maybe 20 Democrats they all use the same phrase manufactured crisis. Interestingly they're best friends in the media. They're all using the same word manufactured crisis. So we have drug cartels. We have gangs that we're dealing with 90 percent of America's heroin crossing our southern border.

Sean Hannity: And then of course we've had homicides and we've had sexual assaults 100000 violent assaults. What do you say to that talking point. The media and the Democrats are using this as manufactured?

Donald Trump: Well you know I watched last night I saw on your show last night actually where you had anchor after anchors using the exact same word it's manufactured man. Sounds like they're in collusion a little collusion. That's the real collusion. OK. That's the real collusion you take a look because they all use the exact same term.

Donald Trump: I mean literally the exact same two words but they had manufactured. I said Where did they come up with that. It's a manufactured crisis. No it's a manufactured soundbite because it was just a soundbite but every virtually every you know I call it the fake news. I'm sure you haven't heard because you're not fake news actually you're real news.

Donald Trump: And there is some of that. No there is some of that around unfortunately and these are great people. These are patriotic people that do it correctly but you know when I hear that term manufactured and you see every single group using it it's very sad.

Sean Hannity: We lose 300 Americans a week 90 percent of the heroin comes into the country in the last two weeks. We lost our Officer Singh right in California. Then Piers Cochran had his parents on the show the other. I don't know how you recover after losing a child killed by illegal immigrants. I've met and I've interviewed so many Angel moms and dads meeting.

Sean Hannity: They're going to say that to them the people that lost their loved ones their sons their daughters their parents.

Donald Trump: You know many of the people that aren't getting their check they get it. They're going to get it soon. But many of the people that are with us are 100 percent. They want us to win this battle. These people want us to win. Everybody wants us to win this battle. It's common sense. Death is pouring through.

Donald Trump: We have crime and death. And it's not just at the border. They get through the border but then they go all they filter into the country. And you have MS13 gangs in different places like Los Angeles and you have gangs all over Long Island which were knocking the hell out of there should be no reason for us to have to do this they shouldn't be allowed in. And if we had the barrier they wouldn't be able to get in.

Sean Hannity: Okay, so the point everybody that I have met and spoke spoken to they all say tell the president if you see him hold the line. Now you said earlier today that it's likely that you're very likely going to declare a national emergency how soon will that happen?

Donald Trump: Now if we don't make a deal with Congress most likely I will do that. I would actually say I would I can't imagine any reason why not because I'm allowed to do it. The law is 100 percent on my side. So if we can't make a deal with Congress then we should be able to make a deal with Congress if you look Democrats in Congress especially the new ones coming in are starting to say wait a minute we can't win this battle with Trump because of the fact that it's just common sense how can we say that a wall doesn't work.

Donald Trump: They show on helicopters empty fields or people just running through. And you put a wall they can't run it through.

Sean Hannity: What are the options though if you declare a national emergency. The Pentagon also has the funds available that they would be able to help support the building of the wall?

Donald Trump: If we don't make a deal with Congress which we should be able to really just common sense and there's some compromise needed. And look they know that the walls work you know what works a wheel and a wall. They call it a medieval thing. Well you know I'm looking at all these very expensive cars all over here loaded up with machine guns and every single one of them has wheels.

Donald Trump: It's a wheel is an old thing and it a wall is an old thing, there are two things they work. They work a wall would be so effective it would solve so many killings and so much death and drugs and human trafficking where they tape of women on their face they tape them up and they put them in the back of a car or a van and they drive right through our border.

Sean Hannity: I guess the next most important question is when you do that would you expect they're going to go judge shopping to go to the Ninth Circuit or go to California to start the process is there are your attorneys telling you there's an expedited way perhaps through the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: They are saying there possibly is and hopefully we wouldn't even have to go through. The law is very clear. I mean we have the absolute right to declare a national emergency and this is security stuff. This is a national emergency. If you look at what's happening and you just heard the statement they came in last week or this week from Pakistan and different people.

Sean Hannity: Did you get to see Sara Carter last night people from Bangladesh

Donald Trump: And they come in through the southern border because it's really considered the space and the place where they can get in. And we want to close it up. These people have done the greatest job. It's hard work and it could be a lot easier and it would be virtually 100 percent effective. And Nancy and Chuck know that but it's politics it's about the 2020 campaign it's about running for president.

Donald Trump: That's what they're doing they're already doing it. It's a shame.

Sean Hannity: We got to put the country first. When you see you when you see the same Democrats Hillary, Obama, and Biden, Schumer all supporting this as you know in 2006 2013. Right. They're not supporting it now is it because you are the President and they don't want you to get a win. Shouldn't the win be about the country being safer more secure?

Donald Trump: They know what I'm saying is 100 percent right. And it's not only us it's everybody saying it. These people said everybody says it. If you don't have a barrier whether it's a steel barrier or a concrete wall substantial and strong you're never going to solve this problem. You're never going to solve it. And I don't need this look I could have done something a lot easier I could have enjoyed myself I haven't left the White House because I'm waiting for them to come over in a long time.

Donald Trump: You know that I stayed home for Christmas I stayed at the White House for new years and I think it tweeted Christmas Eve all along whereas Chuck and Nancy my family I told them stay in Florida and enjoy yourselves. But the fact is I want to be in Washington. I mean I considered very very important.

Sean Hannity: Last question: time -- timeline before you think you have to go the route and declare a national emergency?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're going to see what happens over the next few days. They should do it immediately. Look, we're not going anywhere we're not changing our mind because there's nothing to change your mind about. The world works. It's not a question, like, well, maybe it won't work. It will work 100 percent.

Donald Trump: Now we're adding onto that equipment to find drugs that are hidden in cars. I mean we have this incredible equipment. We're adding sensors we're adding drones. But what we need is we need the barrier. If we don't have a barrier, if we don't have a steel or concrete barrier, we're all wasting a lot of time.

Sean Hannity: And lives will be saved. I know you're thinking about the furloughed employees. You support them getting all their back pay?

Donald Trump: One hundred percent. I support them tremendously. But I also support families like the Singh family and others and others by the hundreds and by the thousands that have lost somebody because our policies are so bad and especially at the southern border. They've lost, or they've had people so badly hurt but they've lost him they've lost their lives they've lost they've lost their heart out of the family.

Donald Trump: I support those families. These Angel moms you know the Angel Moms very well and so do I support them too.

Sean Hannity: Does it mean a lot to you guys that the president's down here?

Unidentified: Yes absolutely.

Sean Hannity: And is he describing the situation accurately?

Unidentified: Yes sir.

Sean Hannity: And if you get the wall, drugs will stop -- you can stop the cartels human trafficking drug trafficking the gangs there?

Unidentified: Yes it will help improve.

Sean Hannity: By what percent?

Unidentified: Like the chief said ,the majority of our traffic is -- is usually coming through areas that don't have a wall just like this. 515 pounds of dope.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, thanks for taking time. Thank you guys for what you do, too. Thank you, we appreciate it.