Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dan-bongino-show-november-15-2019

Dan Bongino: I'd like to welcome to our first interview show, President Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, thank you so much. This is a tremendous honor you've agreed to spend some time with us today. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Dan, it is my honor.

Dan Bongino: And Mr. President, I'd like to quickly just thank you also for supporting new media out there. Digital media, podcasts, you've been very savvy on that front. Obviously, use of Twitter, and I really appreciate that, and I know a lot of Conservative voices feel the same way, and they've asked me to express that thanks to you as well.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. But you know, I have no choice because the media is so corrupt. I have no choice. It's really not something I'm doing for anybody. I guess, I'm doing it for the people to get the word out because the Times and The Washington Post, and every network is, as far as I'm concerned, they're corrupt.

Donald Trump: So, we get the word out at least.

Dan Bongino: Well, I don't disagree in this impeachment fiasco farce disaster going on on Capitol Hills seems to be indicative of that. I'd just like to hit this point. First, we have of course, some more testimony going on in the show today because it is a show. And what I find interesting is this was all based on a fake whistleblower complaint about a transcript

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: You and I can both read. Obviously, you were there, you don't need to read it. I've read the transcript. There is no illicit deal in there. There's no deal at all, and what I find fascinating is the deal that they say you made Mr. President, keeps changing because it doesn't exist. First, it was for security aide that you delivered.

Dan Bongino: Then, it was for a White House meeting that never happened and that it was for a public statement by the Ukrainian president that they never made.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: Is this a little ridiculous or am I reading this wrong?

Donald Trump: The whole thing is a disgrace to our country. In the meantime, they're not doing any work. We have one of the greatest trade deals ever made and everybody wants it, including the Democrats and Nancy Pelosi, it sits at her desk for months, and she hasn't been able to do it, the USMCA, and everybody's going to vote for it, most Democrats.

Donald Trump: Our farmers need it, our manufacturers need it, the auto companies need it, and she doesn't do a thing with it. And this which I just -- you know we went through the Mueller deal and that fizzled out when he testified, and frankly, long before he testified because there was no collusion. You know we went through the whole Russia hoax and you know that subject probably better than any human being in the world, you and a few other good friends.

Donald Trump: But that was terrible. And then this -- I had about three days of rest, and then this thing hit me, based on a perfect phone call with a very nice person, who I think is going to do a good job. He won on corruption and he should be looking for corruption. That's how we won the race, as they say it in Ukraine, and he should be -- you know hopefully, he'll have back in it. He'll be able to do what he has to do because Ukraine has a tremendous reputation for corruption.

Donald Trump: And I also wanted to know why isn't Germany and why isn't France and U.K. and all of these European countries, why aren't they giving? Why is it always the United States that's giving? And they're certainly, it's much more important to them because they're essentially a wall between them and Russia. That's like a big wall.

Donald Trump: That's the ultimate wall. And they should be helping much more, and instead, it's the United States always the sucker. So, it's one of those things but we help them and we will help them, and I like the new President, and I very much liked and respected that. Last night, he issued a very, very powerful statement that should have ended this witch hunt.

Donald Trump: And you know, the witch hunt, which is as you know Dan, gone on long before I won the election.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: It was actually long before. When you go back to the insurance policy. You know just in case I should win, well, we're in the insurance policy phase right now with all of this nonsense. But so -- we have a -- you know it's an interesting time, but we're draining the swamp one by one. You look at Comey, he's gone.

Donald Trump: You look at McCabe and you look at all of these people, struck and his lover page and Brennan, and you look at all of these people, and I'm -- I tell you, what I'm most looking forward to, I let our great Attorney General handle it. But what I'm most looking forward to is the IG report and the bull Durham report.

Donald Trump: That's what I'm most looking forward to, those two things.

Dan Bongino: Bull Durham, I like that. That's an appropriate nickname. John Durham has a great reputation and I'm sure he's going to do a great job. I'm looking forward to that IG report as well that leads into my second question here. So, we know the collusion hoax was a total fiasco and it was basically cover for the Democrats admitted collusion with Russians and that's not a mystery.

Dan Bongino: They said they used Russian sources to attack you in your campaign and that's not a conspiracy theory.

Donald Trump: Absolutely. It's hard to believe.

Dan Bongino: That's their own words. So, it's kind of interesting how when the Mueller thing fizzled out just days later, this fake whistleblower complaint appeared. Do you think this is all, again, like the collusion hoax was cover for Democrat collusion with Russians, that this is cover for the Democrat collusion in the Biden collusion with these key Ukrainians, just an effort to flip it into you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think, because this is just out of the blue, this came up. In fact, I remember one of our people walked in, sir, did you ever have one of the lawyers, White House lawyers, who are doing a very good job. They walked in, they said, sir, did you ever have a conversation with the Ukrainian President.

Donald Trump: I said, yes, the new Ukrainian President, and I actually had two conversations with him. I -- we just released the other one today and you saw that was milquetoast also. I think you probably heard Devin Nunes did a great job, by the way. His opening remarks were great but he just read that into the record because, as you know, Schiff didn't read what I said into the record.

Donald Trump: He made up a conversation and read that into the record. That was one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen in politics. And if he didn't have immunity, he'd be in jail for what he did. So, that's the story. I mean, you know, when you hear about this whistleblower, everyone in Washington knows who it is, by the way.

Donald Trump: You know the whistleblower is no great secret. The fake news doesn't want to print it because if it was a reverse type whistleblower, they would -- they would have a lot of different feeling. But the whistleblower, everybody knows who the whistleblower is and has to be revealed. The whistleblower wrote a report was -- which was mostly on the phone call that everybody now sees was a good call.

Donald Trump: That's why they switched. They never thought, Dan, that I was going to release that call and I really had no choice because Adam Schiff made up a call. He said the President said this, and then, he made up a call. I think he's crazy, OK. I think he's crazy. I think he's a nut job and he's very corrupt but he made up a call.

Donald Trump: He actually -- he either saw the letter or he didn't see it and did it first. Either way, he totally made up the call and in making up the call, it sort of sounds familiar because the whistleblower also made up something that bought no relationship to the real call. So, fortunately, the call was transcribed by experts and transcribed beautifully and that was the call.

Donald Trump: When they saw, when I released it, Dan, everything started going downhill because the call was a perfect call. Mark Levin said it, Gregg Jarrett said it, you said it, a lot of very talented people said it, and if there was something wrong, they'd say that. But there was nothing wrong. There was nothing wrong with it nor is there anything wrong with the first call that they just read into the record.

Donald Trump: But when I released the call, all hell broke loose on the Democrat side, including the fact that I've heard that Nancy Pelosi blasted them. She said you can't impeach a man on this call. But she had already gone public because she had read and she had heard the whistleblower report, which was a fake report.

Donald Trump: So, the whistleblower gave a fake or fraudulent -- I'm not sure what you'd call it, gave a fraudulent report, a fake report, and based on that report, they started this whole nonsense. But just to finish, the IG should have never turned that report in because the IG should have taken that report. It was all about the call.

Donald Trump: They should have taken that report and gone and asked, I would have declassified, would have -- should have asked for the call. When he read the call, he would have seen it was totally different than the political operative whistleblower and this thing shouldn't have even started. But the IG didn't do that so let's talk about the IG. The IG didn't do that.

Donald Trump: The IG brought it directly to Congress. Let's get some publicity for himself. Then he brought it directly. He should have seen the whistleblower report on the call. He should have then asked to see the call, and when he sees the call, he would have been -- he would have -- he should have said, well, there's no case here. We also sent it to the Department of Justice after we received the whistleblower letter and they called back, and they said this is absolutely fine, nothing inappropriate said. We got a perfect report on it. And just one other thing that nobody mentions, Dan, is that.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: When I make calls to foreign leaders, I know there are many people on the line. I mean, with my knowledge there are many people. That could be as many as 25 people, 20 people, five people, two people, but there are always people because you know, you're talking to the leader of a foreign nation and you even have an apprenti on the call I think.

Donald Trump: You know, people in the State Department, and you know, all good reasons, and probably, some bad reasons because we have some bad people too, really bad people. But I knew that Mike Pompeo was on the call, the Secretary of State. I knew that other people were on the call. Fortunately, they transcribed the call.

Donald Trump: How about -- how would it be if they didn't transcribe this call. I would have been in trouble. I would have had all these guys lying about a call. I would have had a whistleblower that people would have believed.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: So, if -- I got lucky that they had it transcribed. These are professional people. But if they didn't transcribe that call, I'd be at the mercy of people that are lying all over the place. But I know everybody's --

Dan Bongino: Well, Mr. President. That --

Donald Trump: I know everybody's on the phone, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Sorry.

Donald Trump: So, I know all these people. Who's going to say something bad when I know there may be 25 people on the phone? It's so crazy.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, that reminds me. Question -- can you just put to bed a far left conspiracy theory for a moment. The whistleblower's own complaints by the -- own complaint, the fake whistleblower.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: In the complaint, the whistleblower acknowledges that it's standard practice for a word for word transcript. In other words, what's in the transcript is what you said. Can you put to bed the conspiracy theory Adam Schiff and the lying Democrats are promoting, that there's some kind of secret transcript out there where you made this deal and it's not in the record?

Dan Bongino: This is -- I'm embarrassed to ask you this.

Donald Trump: No, no there's not.

Dan Bongino: Thank you.

Donald Trump: This is the transcribed version and it's very accurately transcribed. I mean, that's exactly what I remember in the call.

Dan Bongino: The whistleblower said it was accurately transcribed.

Donald Trump: Then, you had this guy -- then, Manuel, he remembers it slightly differently. You know him. He shows up in his uniform for the first time ever. Then, you have Vindman -- you have all these characters. You know these are people I've never met. I never even met. I never even heard of these people and they're either never Trumpers, some were appointed by Obama, but they could be never Trumpers.

Donald Trump: You know, we took out Bush, we took out Clinton, we took out Obama. So, I end up with many, many years of a lot of bad people, thousands and thousands of people, and that's what I inherit, and they don't have the good of the country at that end, unfortunately. But I watch this guy and I heard this guy and did not appropriate because -- then, he did, you know, he did call in, check this out.

Donald Trump: As I understand it, he called in because he had suggestions with the call, not strong, and he wrote a letter somewhere, he had some suggestions on the call. They were pretty minor as I understand it, and they were maybe accepted, you have to check that out. But you know now, he goes, like, oh, he didn't agree with the call.

Donald Trump: But he actually wrote, I think a letter, to the White House counsel with some suggestions for the call, people should get that letter. They're very minor.

Dan Bongino: Well, he should -- he should run for President if he has a disagreement with foreign policy. That's how the country works.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I'm sure he'd do very well, he'd do very well. He'd do about as well as Swalwell does, you know. Watch this guy Swalwell.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. I got more votes for President than Eric Swalwell.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He goes on all the time. He gets more airtime than anybody and he ends up with zero. And then, they put him right back on the network, even Fox puts him on, which is really a disgrace. But he goes right back on the networks and they start talking to him like he's a great expert, he got zero. That means he got no votes, that's almost impossible.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Someone wrote me in once for President, Mr. President, so I got more votes than Swalwell.

Donald Trump: I'll vote for you. I'll vote for you, although, almost. I tell you what, you would be in my book many, many, many people currently running. Thank you, any day.

Dan Bongino: Thank you. I'd like to just shift gears quickly and I don't want to monopolize your time here. But on the economy, your record's been outstanding. We've seen middle-income growth, the middle-class, in other words. For -- you know liberals are having a tough time with this, with their economic conspiracy theories.

Dan Bongino: Middle-class income growth has surged, far surpassed, Obama. The data's clear, GDP growth is far surpassed Obama. Obama, median middle income is up $5,000 in just three years of your presidency.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: It was only up $1,000 after eight years of Obama and the failed recovery. So, my question is this, given 2020 is right around the corner, is there another tax cut in the offing or are we looking at that and where do you stand on capital gains indexing? I know there's been some back and forth on that.

Donald Trump: If we get back the House, we're going to do a very big middle -- we've already done one, a very big -- we did pass the largest tax cut in the history of the country, bigger than Ronald Reagan's tax cut. But if we get back the House, we have to have the house, otherwise, you can't get anything through Pelosi.

Donald Trump: For one thing, she doesn't work, she doesn't do anything. She can't even get the USMCA bill passed, OK? And every Democrat wants it, the Democrats, the Republicans, it's on her desk for three months, and she hasn't done anything on it. She can't get that -- she's too interested in impeachment. Although, she looks very bad right now.

Donald Trump: I was going to say before, she was very angry when she read my phone call. She was given false information when she started this whole impeachment thing and she is not happy about it right now because she's getting hammered. The economy is doing phenomenally well. We're going to and that's despite the fact that we have a Federal Reserve.

Donald Trump: Don't forget that has interest rates that are too high and Obama had zero interest rates. So, we're much higher. He was at $975 for eight years. We're at $5,000 but when you add the tax benefit, it's $2,500, and then, you add the regulation benefit because I've gotten rid of more regulations than any President in history by far.

Donald Trump: Even if they were there for eight years or in one case more, now we've got more than any other President. When you add that that's another $2,000 now. So, what -- we're actually around $10,000, as opposed to $975 and our $10,000 is for two and a half years, a little more than two and a half years. That's a big difference.

Dan Bongino: That's a huge difference.

Donald Trump: And for President Bush that was $400 for eight years.

Dan Bongino: Is there any chance of resurrecting the indexing capital gains, the inflation tax?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of people like indexing and it's a short-term boost, but it makes life very, very complicated for people. You have to go out and get appraisers every time you do something, every time you bring -- you know, a lot of people do like it. A lot of Republicans like it. It is a complex process for people.

Donald Trump: It's very difficult. It's something we're looking at. It's a tremendous initial boost. I mean, I could do, I could do something it would be pretty amazing. But I want to do, I want to do the right thing. We are looking at it as a possibility. It has its tremendous assets and it's got some liabilities, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Understood. Mr. President, you eliminated the disastrous individual mandate for Obamacare which was excellent.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: Any talk after 2020 if there is, hopefully, a successful re-elect, of eliminating the other provisions of Obamacare, community rating, guaranteed issue, maybe replacing them of more market-friendly solutions, health savings accounts, income support for low-income folks. There's still, unfortunately, some remnants of Obamacare left in the [Inaudible] the market.

Donald Trump: Well, what we've done by getting rid of the individual mandate, that's what you pay not to have insurance. I mean, you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to overpay for insurance.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: It's a very -- it was the worst provision in Obamacare. It was totally unconstitutional but it escaped that, you know, it escaped it. And one of those things, but we got rid of the most important aspect of Obamacare, and frankly, if John McCain had raised his hand, Obamacare would be gone. What we have done in that very famous vote, after campaigning for eight years to get rid of Obamacare, remember, repeal and replace was his campaign.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. It was disappointing.

Donald Trump: And then, when he finally had a chance to repeal and replace it, 2 o'clock in the morning, he says, thumbs down. But that's OK, it may work out just as well because we got rid of them. We got rid of the individual mandate which is such a big deal. It's a big -- it's really the essence of Obamacare. And then, we've done something -- I had a choice.

Donald Trump: Run it really well and do that knowing that some of the benefit endures to Obama and that's the right thing to do or run it really badly, and have people go crazy about how bad Obamacare is. And Secretary Azar and Seema and all his people over there have done an unbelievable job of running it, and we've made it OK. We've made it acceptable.

Donald Trump: It's horrible, by the way, but we've made it very acceptable. Sometimes you'll hear people say it's not bad. That's because of getting rid of the individual mandate. Somebody said call it Trump care, fix it up a little bit more and do it, but what we're going to do is -- because we've really done a good job of management of it. It's a disaster.

Donald Trump: But what we're going to do is if we get the House back, we are going to have a much better version of Obamacare that's cheaper, and you know, it's just a much better version, but also, much less expensive.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, and obviously, I wish the best of health on everybody in our court system. You've successfully flipped the third circuit court with your last appointment.

Donald Trump: Right. That's right.

Dan Bongino: You've done a great job appointing conservative judges. If there were another Supreme Court opening, and again, I don't mean this any kind of macabre type of way to come up and present itself. Will you stick to your original list? You've had success with Kavanaugh, Gorsuch, who really proved their worth so far, is that original list still apply?

Donald Trump: Well, number one, I hope everyone's in great shape on the court. We want them all to live very long and powerful lives. You understand that because if I answered that question without putting that in, the fake news will just absolutely rip me.

Dan Bongino: That -- exactly, which is ridiculous.

Donald Trump: You understand. I want everybody happy and healthy on the court, but yes, I will stick to the list, 100%.

Dan Bongino: OK. One final question, Mr. President. You have made a concerted push admirably so for the black vote, someplace -- a place the GOP is traditionally drastically and sadly underperform for decades. I believe you're making a lot of headway, we've seen down in Florida for instance, Governor DeSantis, who I know you supported, me as well, disclosure.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: He was a -- made a big push for school choice and did remarkably well amongst black female voters, who obviously, had an interest in this issue.

Donald Trump: He's great.

Dan Bongino: What else -- do you have anything else planned for any further initiatives to recruit the black vote and do some outreach into the community, we've traditionally done importantly with?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I've done more for the African-American vote maybe than any other President in history. Criminal justice reform, that was me, nobody else. They couldn't get it. Obama couldn't get it. Bush couldn't get it, nobody could get it. And I got criminal justice reform and I have Conservatives and Liberals in that deal.

Donald Trump: That was very bipartisan and I got it done. Nobody could get it done. Nobody else would have been able to get it done. Dan, honestly, I mean that was not easy but we got criminal justice reform.

Dan Bongino: Even Van Jones celebrated you for that one. That was a shocker.

Donald Trump: We had a lot of people celebrating that would not normally -- and then, two weeks later they say we must replace our President you know, etc. etc. But nevertheless, I had tremendous support on both sides and we had some dissension also, but tremendous support. And that was really -- it mostly affects the African-American community.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're the biggest beneficiaries and they're very happy about it. The other thing, we've done with Tim Scott and some others is opportunity zones. It's the hottest thing there is in real estate practically. It's incredible how well -- you're going to see that millions of dollars is being put into locations that would not be invested in at all, locations that were abandoned.

Donald Trump: And you'll see what's going on in Detroit and all over the country. We have thousands of opportunity zones. It's a big thing and a lot of money and a part of that is because the economy is so good. We have the best economy, probably, that we've ever had in history. So, if it's all about the economy stupid, you know, they call them that's -- you know, I guess that was a Clinton quote.

Donald Trump: It's all about the economy stupid.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, James Carville, right.

Donald Trump: Because I guess I have to be winning because we have the best economy that we've ever had in the history of our country. And the other thing is, as you know, is unemployment numbers for Black, Hispanic, Asian, but the unemployment numbers for the African-Americans are the -- it's the best ever in history by far.

Donald Trump: We have the lowest unemployment in history. We have the best employment numbers in history for African-Americans. So, I don't know. When I'm on the debate stage and I rattle those three things off, I would say that you know, I just don't know how you get beaten. I think we're doing really well with African-Americans.

Donald Trump: We have tremendous support. Even Kanye West likes us and Jim Brown and so many people, Evander Holyfield and Herschel Walker, I mean, we have so many people and so many people that you don't know, so many people that -- you know the criminal justice reform, Dan, was a very big thing. I think it really -- people really -- it opened up their eyes like Alice Johnson.

Donald Trump: She was in jail for 22 years for, she did something bad, but it was not that kind of -- I think she had another 20 years to serve and she's a phenomenal woman, and there are many people like that in prison right now. But she was in there for 22 years and for making a telephone call and drugs were involved.

Donald Trump: But you know, it was really disproportionate. So, we have many people like that but it helps the African-American. As you know, it helps the African-American community far more so than any other community and the Hispanic community too, and getting criminal justice reform passed was a very big thing. So, I think people appreciate it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Mr. President, thank you so much for your time. It's really been an honor to have you here on the Dan Bongino show. I deeply appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, you know what, Dan? I just want to say, it's an honor to have you as a friend and somebody that sees --

Dan Bongino: Thanks.

Donald Trump: It's not even a question of a supporter. You tell right from wrong and you did it from the first day I met you, and you're an incredible voice, and I don't know if you're a lawyer or not. Are you a lawyer by the way?

Dan Bongino: No. I'm an MBA -- I was an MBA student.

Donald Trump: OK. Because whether you're a lawyer or not, you're better than any lawyer, OK? You're better -- you're more effective than lawyers. So, I want to congratulate you.

Dan Bongino: It's the street cop in me. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Thank you very much. Thanks for your time.

Donald Trump: You're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Dan. Thank you.

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir. Take care.

Donald Trump: Goodbye.