Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wdio-duluth-minnesota-renee-passal-october-10-2019

Renee Passal: Well, thank you again for taking the time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Renee Passal: So, I'm from the Iron Range --

Donald Trump: Right.

Renee Passal: Mr. President, where mining is a way of life, and your policies have supported the industry. What would you like to say to the men and women who work in the mines, and want to work in the future mines?

Donald Trump: Well, I want to say congratulations, because when I started, it was closed. President Obama closed the Iron Range, he closed that whole area. You couldn't do anything. They have the finest iron ore in the world. They say -- I don't know what that means exactly, but I've heard that for a long time -- makes the finest of everything, and I opened it. Took a lot of heat and from various people, including environmentalists, and I was very proud to take it, and I'll never forget, a man came up to me and said, "Sir, you saved our way of life." And it just -- I still remember it like -- like today, said, "You saved our way of life, by opening up the Iron Range." So, now they're doing fantastically, and I'm very proud of it.

Renee Passal: Very powerful. Thank you. Your administration has been working hard on innovative strategies and health care. How do you think this will help Minnesotans?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's really good. Obamacare has been a disaster. We got rid of the individual mandate, as you know, which was the worst part of Obamacare, and what we're doing is, we're coming up with really good policies and really good -- one -- one thing also, we're saving 180 million people from getting terminated from their private health care, which they want so badly.

Donald Trump: I mean, they -- they love it. And under our opponents plan, all of that goes away, and they have the privilege of not choosing a doctor, just as they did, and just as President Obama said wouldn't happen, and it did happen. You don't get your doctor. You don't get your plan. You don't get anything. So, we're doing really well in the health care front -- front, but getting rid of the individual mandate -- and preexisting conditions we take care of. So very important to remember that the Republicans are taking care of preexisting conditions.

Donald Trump: So we have tremendous plans, and we saved that 180 million people, so they can keep their own plan, which almost all of them love.

Renee Passal: Now that you're here in Minnesota, would you like to address the criticism from Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's very foolish that you have a President of the United States coming. I think you should cherish it, not because of me, but I think it's such an important position, especially helping -- now I'm going to help the people of Minnesota, and this great city anyway, frankly. But, you know, when you have the opportunity to have a President -- look at the kind of crowd we had.

Donald Trump: Seventy-eight thousand requests for tickets, and I guess the arena will hold, probably, 20,000, and it's packed. So, I just think that, you know, I wish him a lot of luck. But I think you have to treat Presidents differently than that. It's good for your city.

Renee Passal: Any other messages for Duluth and northern Minnesota tonight?

Donald Trump: We love you. We're going to win Minnesota. Almost won it last time, first time in decades that a Republican almost won -- almost won it. But we came very close. But we have Pete Stauber, and we have Tom, and we have so many others that have won. I think we're gonna have tremendous success here.

Donald Trump: They see what's happening. They see Omar and what a disaster she has been. And I really think that we're going to have tremendous success right here in Minnesota -- I mean it's just -- and remember please the Iron Range, because it's one of the things that I'm most proud about -- getting it open. That was not easy, but we got it open and it's flourishing.

Renee Passal: Thank you so much. Mr. President

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Renee Passal: Enjoy Minnesota.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I will.

Renee Passal: A pleasure.