Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wbma-birmingham-christopher-sign-november-14-2019

Donald Trump: Special guy here, getting that kind of good treatment.

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Christopher Sign: We try, Mr. President. Welcome to Alabama. Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Christopher Sign: This is a state that is filled with manufacturing: Mercedes

Donald Trump: Right.

Christopher Sign: -- Honda, Hyundai and, of course, soybean farmers as well.

Donald Trump: Right.

Christopher Sign: When you talk China and trade and the economy, what do you say to the many people, many of them in the stadium, right now?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll say that we're doing really well. You know, China started to buy again. They're paying -- it's billions and billions of dollars a year in tariffs. They're eating it. We're not paying, they're paying, because they devalue their currency, and they're putting up a lot of money. We're very close to a great deal with China.

Donald Trump: It's got to be perfect. The farmers have been so incredible, the manufacturers in our country have been so incredible. They know I'm doing the right thing. It should have been done 20 years ago. It's being done now. But China is having the worst year they've had in 57 years. We're having the best year we've ever had, and, as you know, I paid $28 billion over the last two years to the farmers, because that's the amount of money that the farmers were targeted, and we had a lot of money left over after that.

Donald Trump: So the farmers are very happy, and the manufacturers are very happy, and this is a great state.

Christopher Sign: Mr. President, Jeff Sessions wants his old job back in this state, and he's entering a very crowded field. Will you support him? Will you support somebody else? Your thoughts, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, we're asking a lot of questions. We're looking at a lot of different people. It's going to be a pretty hard primary, from what I understand, it is indeed a great st -- state and, as you know, I think I won by, I don't know, a lot. Was it 42 points, or something like that. We won by a lot, whatever it may be. But, we had a tremendous victory in Alabama, and we're gonna to continue to have -- we're going to make a decision at some point during the -- during the [Inaudible], we'll make that decision, reasonably quickly I think.

Christopher Sign: Yes sir, and the importance of the south and the southeast for you -- you've been to Louisiana, going back to Louisiana, you've been to Mississippi, of course here, in Alabama --

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, it's been very important. We have a big race going on right now, it's an interesting game, right, with LSU and Alabama. But we have a big race, a really terrific, Eddie Rispone is going, as you know, and I think he's going to be your next Governor of Louisiana, and we've backed him very strongly against the current governor, who has not done a very good job.

Donald Trump: So we have a big thing going right now in Louisiana with the governor's race, and I guess they'll have that next Saturday. So it'll be very interesting to see what happens. I think the Republican has a really good chance to win.

Christopher Sign: Mr. President, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Well thank you very much. Great --

Christopher Sign: Yes, sir very nice to meet you, sir. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Good man.

Unidentified: Yes, he is.

Donald Trump: He broke a big story, right?

Unidentified: Yes, he did.

Christopher Sign: Yes sir, the tarmac.

Donald Trump: He broke a biggie. That was a big one

Christopher Sign: The secret meeting on the tarmac, yes sir.

Donald Trump: You take care. We'll do another one, okay.

Christopher Sign: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

Christopher Sign: Appreciate your time very much.

Melania Trump: Thank you.

Christopher Sign: I bought you a hat. An Alabama hat, ma'am. Yes.

Melania Trump: Oh, thank you. [Inaudible]

Christopher Sign: Thank you very much, nice to meet you.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] you have a picture?

Christopher Sign: Uhh...

Donald Trump: A picture. He was so nice. Come here, take a picture. White House photographer.

Christopher Sign: I would love one, Mr. President. Thank you so very much.

Donald Trump: Great. Our great, very expensive White House photographer.

Christopher Sign: Yes sir.

Donald Trump: You want to have one. If you make me look good I'll give you a picture, okay?

Christopher Sign: That is very kind of you.

Donald Trump: He is actually more important than Chris.

Christopher Sign: He is, yes sir, he is. Very much so.

Unidentified: Excellent, thank you.

Donald Trump: You'll send them, okay?

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Christopher Sign: Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you.