Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wls-chicago-craig-wall-october-28-2019

Donald Trump: Good to see you.

Craig Wall: Welcome to Chicago.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Craig Wall: Thank you for taking the time to talk with us

Donald Trump: Thank you. It's an honor.

Donald Trump: Nice crowd we have out there.

Craig Wall: Yeah. Mr. President, would you like to stand here, so you have the flag over your shoulder?

Donald Trump: This is good. Oh...

Craig Wall: You like that? Thank you.

Craig Wall: So, the last time you were in Chicago, you were supposed to come here March 2016. You were -- it have to be canceled due to protests. Why here and why now?

Donald Trump: Well, the police asked me to speak and this is a nationwide conference, and it's my honor -- greatly honored to speak. We've gotten tremendous support from the police, and they've gotten it from me. So I'm speaking to the police.

Craig Wall: And what's your message to the police?

Donald Trump: Well, it's really something that I'm very proud of, what we've done over the years. We've given them tremendous equipment and material to work with, which previous administrations didn't do. Our numbers are great. Chicago numbers are not good at all, but the numbers outside of Chicago, throughout the country, have been fantastic.

Donald Trump: In Chicago, the numbers are horrific. You know, what they're doing here is not -- not good. Whatever they're doing, they're not doing it right. But outside of Chicago, if you look at our crime numbers, they're way down.

Craig Wall: Why has Chicago been such a frequent target of criticism from you?

Donald Trump: Well all you have to do is take a look at your numbers, where you have five and six hundred murders a year, and you have all of the problems that you've had, and it can be straightened out with proper management, and you need leadership. But it can be straightened out. Other cities have had big problems and they straightened it out.

Craig Wall: The superintendent said he would not attend your speech because of racial rhetoric and your stance on immigration. Should the superintendent be here?

Donald Trump: Well, there is no rhetoric. All I do is ask for people to do a good job. He doesn't do a good job. He should be here to be with other police so he can learn from them, because obviously what he's been doing has not been working.

Craig Wall: Outside, a lot of protesters, a lot of people who don't want you here.

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't seen that I saw a lot of supporters outside, tremendous supporters. And it's a great place. It's a great city. I have big investments in Chicago -- you know it's a very special city, and it's a city, frankly, that needs work on crime, because when you look at what's going on, that's not emblematic of the city, when you look at what's taking place.

Donald Trump: So, hopefully they'll get their act together and straighten it out.

Craig Wall: They would say that crime numbers are down this year, that they've made progress.

Donald Trump: Sure, down from what? Down from the highest crime numbers we've ever had. So, you know, they're down a little bit, and they have to go down, not just a little bit. They have to go down many many times.

Craig Wall: Does there need to be some federal intervention? You've spoke of that before.

Donald Trump: Well, there well may be. I mean, we're looking at it very seriously, something we don't want to do, but we are looking at it. You can't have 70, 80, 90 shootings over a period of a week ,and people being killed all the time, constantly. So, we are looking at that very seriously, intervention.

Craig Wall: Where do you put the blame for all of this crime problem, because they would say here in Chicago, it's systemic. It's been going on for a long time.

Donald Trump: I don't think it's systemic at all. It's not systemic. It's -- you need leadership at the mayor's level, and you need a police commissioner, police superintendent that can do the job, and obviously that's not what you have.

Craig Wall: The mayor here has said the police department will not cooperate with ICE. Is she damaging the relationship with the federal government?

Donald Trump: That's one of the reasons your crime numbers are so horrible in Chicago. It's a sanctuary city. We've had many -- but I'm going to be speaking about it in a minute. You've had many instances of horrible crime that wouldn't have taken place, except for the fact that this is a big, fat sanctuary city, and it's not good.

Craig Wall: Are you blaming the crime on illegal immigrants?

Donald Trump: I'm blaming the crime on sanctuary city. I'm blaming it on a lack of leadership, and a police superintendent that obviously doesn't know too much about what he's doing.

Craig Wall: Rob Blagojevich has petitioned for your assistance. His wife has made frequent appearances on Fox News. Should Rod Blagojevich give up hope of a commutation or a pardon?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think he should. I think he was sentenced very harshly, and I don't know him, other than for a very brief period. I always found it to be very nice, but I think he was treated very harshly. Very, it was a very, very severe sentence, and there were a lot of people that disagree with that sentence.

Donald Trump: No, he should not at all give up hope at all. And we are looking at it.

Craig Wall: The mayor and the governor have been frequent critics of you, particularly on immigration and [Inaudible]. Is there any reason that they should have concerns about federal aid being hurt coming to Illinois or Chicago because of their criticisms of you?

Donald Trump: Well, I will say this again, and not in terms of federal aid but the sanctuary city situation in Chicago is causing it to have lots of problems, and leadership is causing it to have lots of problems. But no, not in terms of federal aid, no. I'd just like to see them get their act together, because I love the city.

Donald Trump: I love this country, and I don't like to see murders and shootings constantly coming out of Chicago, especially when the rest of the country is doing so well.

Craig Wall: Would you consider removing your name from the Trump Tower here? There has been some talk about Washington, maybe that happening.

Donald Trump: No, I would not consider that, no. I own the building. Why would I consider that? It's always been an asset. Now, frankly, we just -- we're doing a great job as President. Our numbers, we just had an all time high in the stock market today, again. The S&P just hit the all-time high. Highest in its history.

Donald Trump: Unemployment is the lowest in history, just about, for almost every group. African-American, Asian American, Hispanic American. Lowest numbers ever. Best unemployment numbers, and the best employment numbers we've ever had. Our country's booming. Our military is strong. We just got al-Baghdadi, which President Obama was trying to get for a long time, and he was unable to get, and other people, they've been -- we should have been gotten a long time ago.

Donald Trump: We got him. No, the country is doing the best it's ever done, and we're very proud of it.

Craig Wall: Is there anything good you'd like to say about Chicago?

Donald Trump: No. It's a city with tremendous potential. It was a city that was a very safe city, and now it's not a very safe city. And they have to do something about it locally, and if they don't do it locally the federal government will step in.

Craig Wall: Mr. President, thank you so much for your time. Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.