Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-david-webb-siriusxm-april-18-2019

David Webb: The Opportunity Zones have grown in this country. The nu -- The latest number 8,761 last opened in Spokane, Washington. Many more to go. Most people wouldn't think of Spokane, Washington, when you talk about as you have done on the campaign trail, Mr. President, those that have been left behind and think of urban centers.

David Webb: Would you have looked at the country as a whole and for someone who was attacked so much for being not for the black community, not for women, not for whatever community, and the identity politics world, you've delivered and you've put people in place to deliver for the American people. So let's respond to them first.

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I really appreciate your statement and your question and to be honest it's all about the country. It's -- whether it's Spokane whether it's Brooklyn, New York, it doesn't make any difference. We have thousands of places now that nobody would have touched. They've been forgotten. I talked about the forgotten men and women in the last campaign.

Donald Trump: The whole thing with how forgotten they were. Well, the inner cities have been forgotten. And a lot of African-American people, Hispanic people, have been totally forgotten and we have changed this around. And by the way, your friend, Tim Scott, has been a great help. He is really somebody that when it came to Opportunity Zones he was right there he fought all the way.

Donald Trump: And the results are far greater than we thought. You see that. I mean, the numbers are incredible. We have the best unemployment numbers now in the country the best we've ever had. We have the most people working in the country than we've ever had. We have almost 160 million people working and we have a lot of people going into opportunity zones.

Donald Trump: And it's -- it's terrific. It's areas that they would not have -- You know, we have money going in we have investments going in. We have people going in hiring other people. Salaries are up 8% at a minimum in the Opportunities Zones right now from what they were more than any other place in the country is --

David Webb: In a place where poverty is typically double the rate. Plus you've literally you know put a team together. This is a what the American people understand a workshop and a results-oriented approach to tackling these issues not helicoptering in government to do the job.

Donald Trump: It's private people going and spending a tremendous amount of money. It emanates from the tax cuts because we've got the largest tax cuts for the people of the country in history. But a lot of the money is going into Opportunity Zones, these are people that were never given a chance. And they really it's it's I talk about it and nobody really thought I was going to do it, and I've had great help from certain senators and certain others.

Donald Trump: Tim is one I mentioned but from from many of the senators, Republican senators, we've had tremendous, tremendous help but we have it approved we have it done and it's up and operating and it's far more successful than we ever thought possible.

David Webb: You know so many people in America said, "What are you going to do when you say, you, know, what have you got to lose?" And I'll leave that up to the rest of them. But you also haven't left out anyone including tribal governments, the local partnerships that have been made, we don't often hear about that.

Donald Trump: You know it's interesting because you say, "What do you -- What do you got to lose?" I was doing OK but not great with the African-American community. And I was reading I was doing a speech a lot of African-Americans in the audience and we were talking about crime rates, and education rates, and poverty rates, and homeownership percentages and they were like last and everything it was so bad, and it was so unfortunate and I'm reading it and I just said, "Listen, you've been with the Democrats, always it was automatic, for 100 years." You know, for over 100 years they've been with the Democrats who led the cities and led them into bad situations.

Donald Trump: I said, "What the hell do you have to lose?" Sometimes I use, "What the hell." And sometimes I just say, "What do you have to lose?" But it was always much more exciting when I say, "What the hell do you have to lose by going with me?" And you know that increased my poll numbers incredibly with the African-American community to a point that was -- I mean, many times what I was getting.

Donald Trump: I couldn't believe what I was getting and we did very well, we did -- Now I'd like to do much better. But as a Republican, it's not easy. And we did very well as you know. And now we have the unemployment rates of the lowest in history for African-American, for Hispanic, for Asian, for women. Women are 61 years, soon to be historic.

Donald Trump: You know, historic, meaning in history, and and that'll be great. But it's been -- it's been incredible. The biggest numbers that we have more people working today than ever in the history of our country, almost 160 million. So when you hear that, and then you couple it with the Opportunity Zones, where -- and this is very much in city stuff.

Donald Trump: This is -- this -- these are places that would they were languishing for decades, and decades, decades, you know this, and I know you have a lot of fans in those communities and so the way, I think. But I think I have a lot more now than I had maybe even at the election because we've really -- were putting people to work that never were going to -- It was never going to happen.

Donald Trump: They never really were given that chance and now we're putting people to work. So a lot of people, a lot of friends of mine that are African-Americans that "I can't believe you're the guy that did this.", I said, "Well, you know me." And they go, "Yeah, I do and I'm not that surprised." But the fact is that this is something that's gonna be great for the black community.

David Webb: One of the attacks clearly coming from someone who hopes to be president, Bernie Sanders, has been going after you on this on a number of issues you also stood up and said we are not and we will not be a socialist country and I'm paraphrasing, I can never quote you but I will paraphrase for you. What do you say to Bernie Sanders and the "socialist democrats" in the field and the response to the attacks against you?

Donald Trump: Well, you look at Venezuela you look at these socialist countries they're all failing or failed and most of them are just like a total disaster and that's pure socialism. And with Bernie's, you know, they want to take the wealth that all of the people have made, 401(k)s you have 401(k)s, we all have 401(k)s and they're at record levels, they've done better than they've ever done, they want to just dissipated.

Donald Trump: And you know socialism is easier, just easier so when you're -- the country's doing incredibly well. In 10 years this country would be destroyed if we ever went that way. It would be absolutely destroyed. You could forget about Opportunity Zones, you could forget about your ownership in companies because a lot of people own stock and the big companies.

Donald Trump: You know the big companies are really companies owned by lots of people and whether they have stock or whether they have funds. I mean, they're all -- that's really goes right down to people that are small-time investors and big-time investors. But our country is doing so well and if we ever went socialistic, if we became a socialist country you could write off this country, this country would go down so fast and I hear what Bernie says and I hope I get an opportunity to run against him because it'll be so easy to show whether it's his health care that's a disaster, it's a disaster.

Donald Trump: Interestingly they tried to do it in Vermont and the governor of Vermont who was -- I mean, he'd do anything Bernie told him to do. They couldn't -- Not only couldn't they make it work. It was -- I think it was more money than the whole state took in the cost. And basically, it's socialized medicine. If you think about it it's socialized medicine.

Donald Trump: So we'll have our chance I think to debate. I think I put out yesterday could be Bernie and it could be Biden. And I think Sleepy Joe is going to have a hard time. He's, you know, 1% Joe, I don't think he's going to make it. And I don't -- I don't know that Bernie -- maybe Bernie has the most spirit over there right now.

Donald Trump: Could be the mayor from Indiana, I think I'd like running against him too. But it'll be interesting to see it unfold. It'll be very interesting a lot of times you can't tell as you know better than anybody, you're a great pro, and by the way, you have been so nice to me and I appreciate it very much. Hence, I'm doing an interview with you and we're not doing it with too many people but it'll be interesting to see it unfold, you never know what happens.

Donald Trump: And being in politics for me has been a lot of fun.

David Webb: It is a lot of fun to watch it all play out but we've got serious business for the country, and Mr. President, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you and you are a professional and you're just as good in television and I don't know, I think maybe better if you want to know the truth. You have a face that was made for television.

David Webb: I don't think I can trust the guy who knows television just a little bit.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but you know you do great and you've been -- you've been my friend and I appreciate it very much. Thank you.

David Webb: Thank you.