Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-moon-griffon-kpel-lafayette-la-november-6-2019

Moon Griffon: How y'all are? Welcome to the Moon Griffon Show, as we rock and roll and of course, another beautiful day in Louisiana and boy, we are honored to have our special guest today, and it is, folks, the President of the United States, President Donald Trump. Mr. President, God bless. Thank you for coming to Louisiana and trying to help us out here.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much and I have to tell you, Moon, you have a great reputation. All my friends down there -- I have a lot of them -- they're saying, call Moon. So, it's an honor to do your show.

Moon Griffon: Well, thank you, sir. Thank you so much. I promise you, it's mine. You know Mr. President, here's what I need you to help us with. We're in a great state. We -- people really love you here, and we had 340,000 people stay home in the first round during the Governor's election that voted for Donald Trump, Mr. President, and what do you tell the people here about how important this election is? Talk to your people, and let them know how important this is, not only to you, but for the state of Louisiana.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, Eddie is going to be a fantastic Governor. He was a tremendous businessman. Everybody knows him down there. He's really a household name pretty much anyway, but he was -- he was great, and you have a Governor, John Bel Edwards who's not -- who wasn't doing the job. The taxes are too high.

Donald Trump: He's got a couple of states that can't be -- that there's nothing you can say about him. Car insurance is the highest in the country, the worst, and the highest, you can't even get it, and that's, you know, unlike a lot of states where it's very, very cheap and plentiful. Another thing is you're rated number 50 out of 50 for economic development, and if you look at it, like, I was down recently.

Donald Trump: I opened up a tremendous plant for the LNG, a tremendous one, of the biggest in the world, now they're going to double it up, I understand. But, even including all of that, you're at the bottom of the pack on economic development, and your taxes are way too high. So, you know, it's that -- he's the Governor.

Donald Trump: He's done a lousy job, and Eddie will do a fantastic job. He'll -- he'll be a tremendous Governor. He's just, you know, he's a dynamic guy, and he's -- he's somebody that really people like. They like him, and I like him and I'll be helping him a lot, I hope.

Moon Griffon: Well, you know, Mr. President, the Governor, just going back to the current Governor, and you did a speech that -- and you hit it on the head. I've been covering this for 26 years. I've never seen a Governor lie this much of my life. He's lied about taxes. He's lied about the budget. You know, it's an amazing thing.

Moon Griffon: You're a gentlemen that's going to understand this, because you're a business guy, but you know he keeps saying he inherited a bad budget. He inherited bad budget. Well, he was a legislator for eight years. He voted for six of the eight budgets, Mr. President. So that's not an inheritance. You know, when my aunt died, I came into --

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Moon Griffon: -- $25,000. That was an inheritance. But my car note, and my house note, I put my name on it. Governor was a floor leader for the previous administration. He -- he helped vote for this, yet he's -- he gets it away -- gets away with it, because of the same thing that happens to you. Our media is so one-sided.

Moon Griffon: They give nobody else a chance, and they've been pushing him, and -- and you know, when you talk about lies, he has lied so much and that's my frustration with the whole thing.

Donald Trump: Well, he got a little bit lucky to win. You know, he had sort of a crazy race, and there was somebody running that was, I don't know, wasn't maybe a great candidate, and he got -- he sort of lucked in. He hasn't done a good job, and you know, frankly, having somebody like Eddie, where he's friendly with the President, and -- and you work with federal government as opposed to fighting federal government -- I see it all the time.

Donald Trump: Having a relationship is a very important thing with the federal government, especially like, especially for a state like Louisiana, where there's so many things, and so many big federal projects, and the potential, but having that relationship is a very positive thing for the state, and I tell you what: he'll be a fantastic Governor.

Moon Griffon: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think he'll be -- I think Eddie will be a fantastic -- you've got to get your car insurance down. You've got to get your taxes down and you've got to get -- you know, look, the country is doing phenomenally well, but they're rated 50 out of 50 --

Moon Griffon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- in terms of economic development. That's not good. That's not good.

Moon Griffon: No. Mr. President, you know, you -- you -- by the way, if you're just joining us, we're speaking live with President Donald Trump. He's talking a little bit about the Louisiana election and, Mr. President, you know the one thing you did when you went in was you changed our economy, and it's really been changed.

Moon Griffon: Louisiana has lagged so far behind. Outmigration is still there. We're losing jobs. You helped the energy sector really grown. I know you mentioned LNG, but oil and gas here has died because of the lawsuits and the trial lawyers, and --

Donald Trump: Right.

Moon Griffon: We have no tort reform and yet, look what you did. So our state has went along a little bit with the national economy, but we kind of trail it. We used to lead it, now. we trail it.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Moon Griffon: And, I think what you're talking about is a -- It's a good thing. We just need to get there. We can't get there with John Bel Edwards.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, you have a couple of advantages. [4:30] Number one, you have two great senators, and they're both going to be there tonight, by the way, but you have two great -- I mean those two guys are phenomenal people too, but they love your state and they produce. That's a big advantage. You know, I have states where it's like, I'm not -- I'm not exactly in love with people that are representing the state, and it's harder for a state.

Donald Trump: But you have two great senators. You have a great location, and that location is important. You look at where you are, that's why we could do LNG plants, where you couldn't do them in other locations. I mean, they wouldn't work. You couldn't do 'em. So you have so many advantages because of where you are, and that location that, I think, will turn that around.

Donald Trump: If Eddie gets in, I think we'll turn that around so fast, Moon, your head will spin.

Moon Griffon: Yeah, and I think that's important. We just losin' the best and brightest kids to jobs. I mean, Texas has taken a lot of people, and you know we lost -- I don't know if you know this, Mr. President. We lost two congressmen over the last 20 years. The census next year is going to be important -- it's going to be important to have a Republican Governor looking over that census, and talk a little bit about how important that is, not only for that, but also for your re-election next year.

Donald Trump: Well, I won Louisiana by a lot ,and it was, you know, it was something really, it was great. I love the state, I love the people, I love the whole thing, and that's why I'm involved here, and I think that we're going to have a tremendous rally tonight. It's going to be in Monroe. But, you know, I'm doing two rallies.

Donald Trump: I'm doing one now for early voting, because, you know, early voting in your state is 30, 40 percent. I was shocked. It's one of the highest in the country. People vote early. They go hunting over the weekend. I don't blame them. My sons would like to go with them, okay? But -- so, we do one that we're doing tonight in Monroe, it will be a really big rally, and then again, before before the end, you know, before Election Day, I'm coming in. I think it's the Thursday instead of the Friday.

Donald Trump: I think we're coming into Thursday before, we're going to do another big one, in a little bit of a different part of the state, and I think that's now being finalized and set up.

Moon Griffon: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I'm actually coming in twice, because I think it's so important. Normally, you wouldn't do that for a Governor --

Moon Griffon: No.

Donald Trump: You do it for a Senator, you know, if you're President.

Moon Griffon: Yes sir.

Donald Trump: But, I know Eddie. I know -- I know how he's going to turn the state around so fast, and that's -- that's good for our two great guys that are working so hard, and so I'm -- I'm going all out for Eddie. I think we'll have a big -- hopefully, we'll have a big impact. You know, he's a great businessman. He knows how to make money,and that's what -- it's the same thing I mean for the state.

Donald Trump: It's actually easier for government than it is if you're private, I mean, to be honest with you, it's easier. So, we're going to do a job.

Moon Griffon: Yeah, Mr. President, he -- he reminds me a lot of you, when he comes from the business side of the community, and I'm going to be honest with you. The biggest thing Louisiana needs right now is a totally different business culture.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Moon Griffon: It's the only state, since about 2004,, 2005 that GDP has grown half as much as state government. You can't have that. It's catching up with us, and that's why -- that's why Edwards has raised all his taxes, and -- but Rispone has an opportunity to change the state and you -- and you hit that on the head.

Moon Griffon: By the way, the event that you're gonna be coming to next week, I think, it is at the CenturyLink in the Shreveport-Boosier area, which is another big area, and those people need to hear you.That's your voters as well in the state of Louisiana.

Donald Trump: Right.

Moon Griffon: So, I just want you to keep encouraging -- one more time, and I know you got to go in a minute -- but encourage our voters one last time how important this is with everything going on.

Donald Trump: Well, I think if you have the right Governor, and Eddie's the guy, I mean, look, there's not going to be anybody better in the country. He's smart, he's good, he's a good person. I just helped a lot. I picked up 19 to 20 points, a gentleman from Kentucky. The problem is, he was, you know, not a popular guy, but he was a great Governor.

Donald Trump: He did a good job, but he wasn't popular, and I actually picked him up by 19 or 20 points. But now I guess it's in dispute, the final race, it's very interesting. It was a -- it was sort of a long shot. But -- but you know, you still need that -- that way, and Eddie's got that way, he's got the combination.

Donald Trump: I think he's going to be fantastic. Look, your taxes are too high. Your car insurance -- that's all I hear about. With Louisiana, I don't know what it is, because you know, you go to other states, you never hear the words car insurance, or auto insurance, but all I hear about down there is car insurance, and so I bring it up. But your car insurance is -- is way through, it's, I mean, your much higher than anyplace else.

Donald Trump: I don't even know why, but it's -- it's a Governor. You have to have the right Governor. Taxes are too high. Your economic development isn't good enough -- that's jobs, but it's not good enough, and you number 50 in the nation. Now one other thing with Eddie: he loves your military. You're big with the military down there.

Moon Griffon: Yes sir.

Donald Trump: And he loves your military. He loves your vets. You know, I got them choice, so they have now choice. They can go see a private doctor if they're -- if they have to wait on line too long, they go out and see a private doctor. I also got accountability, where you can get rid of people that aren't taking care of our vets.

Donald Trump: You know, there was no way with civil service and unions that you could do that. But Eddie is going to be a great -- he will do a fantastic job, and you match up the three of them, your two Senators and your Governor ,and you're going to have a tremendous -- you'll have an unbeat -- you won't to have a better combination in the country.

Moon Griffon: Well, Mr -- Mr. President, before I let you go, the last thing I'll tell you, and this is kind of on the light side. I've got -- I've heard from people -- 'cause we announced that you were coming on. I've heard from people I ain't heard from in 30 years. But you know what a lot of them are asking mee to ask you, you ready?

Donald Trump: What? Yes.

Moon Griffon: Mr. President, when you go to LSU-Alabama game, wear an LSU hat. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: Oh, that's funny. That's funny. Well, you know what? I love -- I love football. I love those two states, those two states. You know, Alabama has been very good. I think I won it by 42 points.

Moon Griffon: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Which is like, unheard of, and you guys, I won it by tremendous also, sort of like that. And, it's going to be great. I think I better remain neutral on that one, Moon. [Laughter] What do you think? Should I take a little bit of a neutral position? [Crosstalk] But we're going to have a good game. Who's favored to win that game?

Moon Griffon: Right now, Alabama's favored by six, but LSU is up in the Power Rankings. All the experts are picking LSU, but Alabama is really good, and Nick Saban is good --

Donald Trump: Your quarterback -- is your quarterback as good as they say? They say he's great.

Moon Griffon: Oh, Burrow, Burrow's had a really, really awesome year, Mr. President. Great shot at being the Heisman Trophy -- I think if they win this game, go defeated, he's gonna be the Heisman winner, but, look, Alabama's good. It's gonna be a lot of fun. I had to mess with you on at least on one question, but listen, Mr. President, it's been an honor, been a great pleasure.

Moon Griffon: We will see you tonight I'll be in Monroe tonight.

Donald Trump: Good, Moon, I'll look for you, and you just take care. We're gonna have a great night, and we'll see you vote Eddie. He's good man. He's going to do a job. He's going to do a job like you wouldn't believe.

Moon Griffon: All right, Mr. President, God bless. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you Moon. Take care of yourself.

Moon Griffon: Yup, thank you. Yes sir. All right, that is the President Donald Trump.