Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-the-mark-levin-show-april-26-2019

Mark Levin: My interview with the President of the United States from yesterday. Let's get started. Go. Mr. President, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: I'm very good. Thank you very much, Mark.

Mark Levin: Well, you know, this Mueller report comes out and rather than celebration in Congress and celebration in the media that they were wrong all this time. Now they're looking for other ways to try and burden you and trip you up and they move to obstruction. I actually see some of these so-called legal analysts on TV, who don't know what they're talking about, talking about obstruction, they're talking about impeachment this -- this -- I mean, impeachment, subpoenas, investigations, you appear to have upset these people.

Donald Trump: Well, you know the country is doing fantastically well and they can't get over it. The economy is as good as it can be. Numbers have been fantastic. We're -- we're just doing great. The -- you look at the unemployment numbers, the best in 51 years, for individual groups like African-American, Asians, Hispanics the best they've ever been historic numbers.

Donald Trump: And I don't know they're having a hard time with it. Regulation cuts, tax cuts, tremendous tax cuts, biggest that we've ever had bigger than a man did you admire, Ronald Reagan, bigger than his cuts. ANWR was approved in that one. Individual mandate, we got rid of it, the Obamacare disaster, and there's a lot of things and they're having a hard time with it. It's -- when the Mueller -- when the Mueller witch hunt ended and the report came out, I thought people would say, well that's the end of that.

Donald Trump: And instead, they say, "Well, let me see." They analyzed 400, now when it came to analyzing the Russian stuff, there was nothing they could even analyze. There was nothing, that's put away, I mean to even think about, so ridiculous. But then they talk about obstruction, and I have a clean bill of health for obstruction, absolutely nothing done, but they -- they'll do whatever they can to try and sully a reputation so they can win an election in 17, 18 months, hard to believe it's coming up again, Mark.

Mark Levin: Oh, boy. Now Mr. President, here -- here's something that amazes me. Mr. Mueller asked repeatedly to expand his investigation and the deputy Attorney General did so, but he never asked to expand his investigation. At the Hillary campaign, the DNC, the FISA court applications, any the dossier, what do you think that is?

Donald Trump: Well, to the best of my knowledge is not a word in there about the call-me leaks and they call-me lies and there's not a word in there about McCabe and Strzok and his lover Lisa Page. There's not a word in there about all of the dishonesty, the $33,000, 33,000 e-mails from Hillary Clinton. And don't forget the 600,000 text messages from -- that went through the server of Wiener -- of Wiener, that's a beauty, not a word in there about any of this -- this corruption, now that's pure corruption, but not a word in there of the other side, but it's -- it's rather incredible, rather incredible, very disappointing.

Donald Trump: But we have a great Attorney General and we'll see how that all comes out in the end. But it is really incredible that you can do a report and not even mentioned the other side. You look at the fake dossier, turned out to be a total fake. Even the New York Times, I couldn't believe it, Mark, The New York Times the other day talked about the -- the fake dossier and very unglowing terms, I couldn't believe it actually.

Donald Trump: But they do something like that, no mention of it. They do all of this dishonest stuff, the FISA reports, no mention of it. It's a disgrace.

Mark Levin: You know Mr. President, one more aspect to this and I'd like to move on. The -- these subpoenas, I wonder if the American people understand you're protecting the office of the presidency and the executive branch and separation of powers, like Congress doesn't have the right to demand all these records from you, from Supreme Court justices, from other federal officials and so forth.

Mark Levin: They -- they -- they legislate and this has nothing to do with legislating.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I could have not let anyone speak during the Mueller report including lawyers and everybody that works at the White House, and executive privilege, they call it, some people say Presidential privilege, which is at a very high level. I could have said, "Nope, Presidential privilege." But I said, "I have nothing to hide." You know that, you know me well and I'm not into the world of "Gee, I'm going to Georgia, let me call Russia for some help.

Donald Trump: OK." So ridiculous, the whole thing, although if you look, Hillary Clinton and the DNC and the Democrats, we're dealing with Russia, which is very interesting. And President Obama knew all about Russia in September just before the election and didn't do a thing about it because he thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win.

Donald Trump: So he didn't do a thing about it. He only got upset about it after the results were very conclusive, 306 to 223. So you know, you look at what's going on, but I could have exerted, I could have taken Presidential privilege for the -- for everybody, but didn't I read where they had 500 witnesses, 500. Spent $35 million had angry Democrats, angry, these were angry people.

Donald Trump: These were really people that did not like Donald Trump. And you know, Mueller didn't like Donald Trump and he had conflicts all over the place. And with all of that, no collusion and obstruction was also a big win. If you look -- I mean he didn't charge for now, I always hear if you don't get charge, you're not supposed to be writing, you're virtually not allowed to be writing.

Donald Trump: If you don't get charged, you don't write. I wasn't charged and they write whatever they want to write. But it was an incredible success and I -- meaning it was an incredible -- in a way it was an achievement because when you have haters and people that were angry, if you look at Weisman, he was at Hillary Clinton's, what was going to be a celebration in their opinion.

Donald Trump: And it turned out to be a funeral after the election, right after the election at the big convention center, which was so beautifully done, right after the election, the night of the election, and he was a very angry man. And then all of a sudden he's investigating you and they come up with no collusion.

Donald Trump: It's pretty amazing. I think he found it amazing too.

Mark Levin: Yes. Mr. President freedom of the press. I don't know of anyone who opposes freedom of the press. I know you don't oppose freedom of the press --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: -- but when you have corrupt journalists who use opinion rather than news and have spent two and a half years putting out propaganda about collusion and so forth and who try to smear your character and smear your reputation when it comes to race, when it comes to religion or what have it, isn't that what you're attacking?

Donald Trump: Well to think that these guys were so wrong and they got Pulitzer Prizes, and they're all wrong and that Sean Hannity and you, and I could go through a whole list, Laura and Tucker, and I mean, Jesse, everybody, there's so many at Fox, there's so many all over the place. You look at Steve Doocy in the morning and Ainsley, and Brian has been become great on this subject.

Donald Trump: I mean, nobody is mentioned for these awards and they were all right. And yet you have people that were the biggest haters of all that were so wrong. I mean, if you went back to their original reporting, it's embarrassing to read it for them and they win Pulitzer Prizes. It's a rigged system and it's a shame.

Mark Levin: Mr, President, the border, you've been -- since you ran, you've been talking about the border, you've been talking about the need to secure it, to put physical barriers there, to get the resources there, you've tried to work with Congress repeatedly. The Democrats obviously view it as politically problematic to do anything that will secure the border.

Mark Levin: You're trying to act on your own to secure the border. They talked about a manufactured crisis over and over again. I notice they don't say that anymore.

Donald Trump: No, they don't and you know, I must say many Democrats are talking a lot differently now than they were even three or four weeks ago. And on that one, you know, I've had to fight a lot of people in politics. I've had to fight a lot of people and we've taken the bull by the horn. And don't forget we have, you know, if you look at what's -- these people have been, we've used the word "capture", use whatever word you want.

Donald Trump: The Border Patrol has been incredible, but we're talking about 100,000 people a month. And I told about two weeks ago, I made a very strong statement. And I mean it -- to this day, I said, if this -- if these people flow through Mexico, I'm closing the border, that's a very big move because you're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: I'm closing the border, that's more important than hundreds of billions. But I said it and all of a sudden as you see Mexico is -- is taking people, bringing them back to their country. They're grabbing them and they're bringing it back to their country and I just see an account that just came out that they just sent 15,000 back to their country, 15,000. Now they weren't doing that for any President.

Donald Trump: You know this has been going on for years, Mark. This isn't just now and I've been talking about it. If you remember in Trump Tower, when I came down the escalator with a very wonderful woman in a white dress, you remember that?

Mark Levin: Oh, yes.

Donald Trump: Our now First Lady and I announced -- and I talked about -- I gave a rough speech on the border. Well, that speech is peanuts compared to what reality is OK, it's far rougher that was a mild -- Remember how I was just lambasted, I've mentioned the word rape, I mentioned other words that are not politically correct.

Donald Trump: It turns out that they we're all very mild compared to the actuality. It's a -- this I mean it's brutal. Even that trip up, you know the trip up, it's 2,000 miles and what goes on in those caravans, what's going on is incredible, nobody could even believe it. But we've been very, very strong. We're making a lot of progress.

Donald Trump: You're going to start seeing some pretty good numbers coming out in a month. Mexico now is, you know, it's a tough situation, but Mexico now is bringing a lot of people on that walk, they're bringing it back to their countries. They're bringing them right back. And today it was over 15,000 people. So we're making a lot of progress, but I'm willing to close that border.

Donald Trump: Now it could all be solved very easily if Congress would sit down with, I say 45 minutes, but it's really 15 minutes. In 15 minutes I could have the whole problem solved. You get rid of Catch and Release you work on the asylum laws, which are very simple to work on. Mark, people come up that are the roughest looking people you've ever seen, they read a statement given them -- given to them by one of our lawyers, living in California.

Donald Trump: They read the statement that I am afraid for my life, I am afraid -- in some cases these are MS-13 gang members, OK. They make other people afraid. They come in waving the flag of Honduras or Guatemala or El Salvador, waving the flag and then they're saying -- they're swearing that they're afraid to be in their country.

Donald Trump: Well, what are they waving the flag for? It's a -- it's a con game. And you know, we're totally wise to it if we had some simple changes in the law to make common sense, it would be done. But I'm doing it anyway. We're now detaining them before they get here. You know, once they -- once they step, once they have one foot, it's like a football game.

Donald Trump: Once they have one foot on our soil, Mark, they are -- it's almost called "Welcome to the United States. I hope you enjoy your stay." It is a disgrace, but we're being very, very vigilant. The border patrol's been great. ICE has been incredible. When the Democrats want to get rid of ICE. You know we're -- we're taking out thousands of MS-13 gang members.

Donald Trump: These are people that even top law enforcement people don't want to get involved. This is a rough group of people. They should never have been in here in the first place. They've come in here over years, they're rough and these people go right into a nest of MS-13 and in many cases they're swinging. They -- I don't know.

Donald Trump: They love their job, but I don't know if you'd like, Mark.I don't know what you think of that. I don't know if I'd like it too much, but they are incredible. And can you imagine the Democrats want to, you know, end ICE. You and I should -- this country would be crime infested and with all of that we're talking about the crime numbers have gone way down since I've become President.

Donald Trump: You see that. So you know, we're very proud of a lot of achievements and maybe especially the economy, the economy has been incredible.

Mark Levin: Bernie Sanders believes terrorists should be able to vote. Joe Biden has announced the other day that he wants to run and he's got a history of actually supporting segregation back in the '70s. He starts attacking you for Charlottesville. I just want to make this clear, I read the transcript went back and lost the audio what you said at Charlottesville --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: -- you never said anything positive about neo-Nazis and Klansmen and they -- but they continue to push that line, don't they?

Donald Trump: That's a terrible thing that they keep bringing it up and I actually said two different ways and I said it every way, you can say it, but I said you have bad people in both groups, you have good people in both groups. Don't forget --

Mark Levin: And by -- and by groups -- by groups you meant protesters, not the Klan and not the Neo- Nazis

Donald Trump: Oh, absolutely. Oh, no, I only met the protesters, but if you remember that started over the statue of perhaps the greatest general in the history of our country in terms of strategic brilliance. If you go to generals, a lot of generals I work with, many of them, think that strategically and in many ways Robert E. Lee was the greatest general they have in Charlottesville, where I have a big property.

Donald Trump: I have a big house in Charlottesville, believe it or not, the John Kluge estate and you know, you go and you look at this incredible, what was, incredible statue of Robert E. Lee on a horse, and many of those people were from University of Virginia, they were from all around the neighborhood, the area, they just wanted to protest the fact that they want to take down the statue of Robert E. Lee.

Donald Trump: Now there were a lot of good people in that group and they were protesting the taking down of statues. Now some people are for that and some people are not for --

Mark Levin: You see Mr. Pre --, what they're doing to you is they're twisting what you say and what they're saying is when you say a lot of good people, I guess see that he's talking about the Klan, see that? But you're not.

Donald Trump: No, no, I'm talking about people that were there. You -- and you had some very bad people in each group too. You had some very -- don't forget that was the beginning of Antifa. That's when you first started hearing the word Antifa. I'm not sure I heard the name Antifa before Charlottesville.

Mark Levin: Let me ask you this --

Donald Trump: And they were hitting people with clubs and sticks. I don't know saw that --

Mark Levin: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: You had bad people in both -- on both sides also and I said that.

Mark Levin: Do you think they're going to scrutinize what Joe Biden actually said in -- in very -- in a particular way in the 1970's about race? Let me ask you this, who would you like to run against? I think they got quite a crew of ultra lefties out there.

Donald Trump: Well, I have to say that you know, look the standard answer, I'll run against any of them. Do I have a pick? Maybe, I'll tell you when I'm with you. First off, I want to thank you. You have been so brilliant and so good and it's -- it's been incredible. The show you did on television the other night, I tell people was like total genius.

Donald Trump: It was like you built a building like you were building from the foundation all the way up and exposing the witch hunters and exposing the -- the whole really horrible thing that they created out of absolutely nothing. That was the only thing they did well. She didn't run a good race, but she sure as hell built a good thing after the race and actually during the race because you know that didn't start with Mueller that started long before Mueller, that was a coup.

Donald Trump: They were really -- there was a coup that started long before Mueller. And that was the whole thing with dirty cops and FBI and all of the things that you know about better than anybody else. I mean, if you look at the -- the people involved in that horrible situation --

Mark Levin: Outrageous.

Donald Trump: And that was a very dangerous thing for our country and -- and now people understand that, really they understand it, but you know they'll go on. But I think -- I think it's embers now. I just think it's a little embers I hope so anyway, because it's so bad for our country puts us in such a bad light. It really -- it really hurts us as a country.

Mark Levin: What do you -- what do you --

Donald Trump: But I think -- I think we've done a good job.

Mark Levin: But look -- how far the Democrat Party has lurched left? I mean, they all sound like Bernie Sanders now.

Donald Trump: They have lurched left and I watched Bernie the other day talking about, you know, prisoners can vote and --

Mark Levin: Terrorists.

Donald Trump: I said Well, I actually said because then they went into that at first. They said prisoners and they said, well, that means the Boston bomber, you know, they used a couple of beautiful examples like the Boston bomber and he said that includes the Boston bomber. And I said, Whoa, that's heavy stuff. And then you hear other people more or less agreeing with him that you know are running and I think it's amazing, but I don't mind, I don't mind campaigning on the fact that I will not allow ever to have the Boston bomber be voting OK. I don't mind that -- I think that's not -- I don't lose any points with the -- with the world of politics with that, it's ridiculous.

Donald Trump: But that's what I'm running against and it is amazing to me and to you how far left these people have gone. But yes, we'll expose it for what it is.

Mark Levin: Well, in two years, despite all that's been going on around him, speak for myself, he's been a remarkably successful President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Mark Levin: You haven't mentioned the courts yet. You've done a tremendous job in the courts, which is very, very difficult. You've been fighting this battle on immigration. You have cities and states that are violating federal law with this sanctuary nullification nonsense. You have people who are trying to undermine the United States military, you're standing for the United States military.

Mark Levin: You're doing a lot of things that the people who live between the two coasts wanted you to do.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: And I just wanted to mention that as -- as -- as we end our discussion here.

Donald Trump: Well, I -- hey, Mark, if I could, I'd just like to thank the farmers because you know, we're doing great trade deals and they're going to be among the biggest beneficiaries they've been so patriotic so loyal and they're starting to do really well. And you know they've been going down for 15, 20 years a long time, but the farmers, and we rebuilt the military and we will -- you mentioned the courts, we'll have very shortly within another couple of months, I'll have 145 federal judges including two on the Supreme Court, 145, nobody would have thought that's possible, and 145 --

Mark Levin: Top-notch.

Donald Trump: It's a big percentage of -- all top notch. So we're very happy with that.

Mark Levin: Well, Mr. President, be safe out there. We're rooting for you because rooting for you is rooting for the country.

Donald Trump: Well, I really appreciate it. I love your show and I -- you're a very special man and I appreciate it very much, and you've been with me from early on and very early -- almost at the beginning. You take little -- you took a little side path for a few months there, but that was OK and he happens to be a good man.

Donald Trump: He -- he ended up doing a good job. Ted, I understand I can understand that too, but I really do appreciate it, Mark, very much.

Mark Levin: God bless and best to your family as well.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I'll see you soon. Thank you, Mark.

Mark Levin: All right. Take care.