Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wgir610-manchester-nh-jack-heath-august-15-2019

Jack Heath: Joining us now live on New Hampshire today is the president of the United States, President Donald Trump. Thank you for being with us, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Jack.

Jack Heath: First time back on my show and first visit back to New Hampshire since being elected president. What's the message for the big rally?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm very excited and we have 12,000 people, at least I guess, tomorrow, we have a beautiful big arena. You know the arena well and I think that we're going to have a tremendous time. We're going to do a lot of -- I think we're going to have a lot of overflow. So we have big movie screens outside and great music, and it's going to be a lot of fun.

Donald Trump: It's going to be like -- the people of New Hampshire is special and they're incredible people. You remember in the primaries when I won New Hampshire, that was really something special, and I said we're going to keep New Hampshire where it is on the -- on the wrote them on the list. And you know they were talking about moving it way down, and I said that's not going to happen.

Donald Trump: And I kept my word on the primary list.

Jack Heath: Mr. President, how do you respond to some of the recent Democratic criticism? For example, Corey Booker was on my show last week and he said that you're in part responsible for what happened in El Paso and should actually cancel this New Hampshire rally and get Congress back to act on background legislation.

Donald Trump: Yeah. These people are so sad when I watched it. I watched Booker, who's got, I think, almost nothing in the polls. He's like at 1 or 2% of his that. I watched others and it's become a sound bite, that's what they want to do. They don't mention Dayton because that was a -- a Warren-and-Sanders supporter.

Donald Trump: That was a -- a TFA person, they liked in TFA but they don't mention that. They would but, you know, they can't get away with it, and it's a disgrace. When I see it I -- it's just disgraceful. And they know what they're doing is wrong but I think the voters get it 100%, he voters get it. And the rhetoric -- all my rhetoric is that we have to have borders, they want to have open borders.

Donald Trump: Jack, we have to have borders. You know, we're in countries fighting and pulling out of a lot of countries frankly, because we're we're defending the world and the world doesn't -- doesn't do anything to help us.

Donald Trump: A lot of the world. But we're defending borders and other people defend borders and yet we have open borders here, we're building the wall. It's going up now, you know, we won the big lawsuit three weeks ago The Wall is proceeding very rapidly. We need it. We want a strong border. And you know you've heard me say a million times without a strong border you don't have a country.

Donald Trump: So Mexico, right now, is doing a great job because the Democrats refused to get rid of all the loopholes and they could -- we could do it in 15 minutes, Jack. But they refused to get rid of the loopholes they refused to fix asylum and that's only for political purposes, but they actually -- I actually think that, you know, their whole concept of open borders.

Donald Trump: I don't believe they believe [Audio gap] selves but they're doing it only for political reasons.

Jack Heath: Mr. President, New Hampshire has one of the lowest unemployment rates, if not the lowest in the country.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jack Heath: At the rally, you're going to talk about the merits of the economy that sometimes the national media doesn't focus on?

Donald Trump: Well, they don't Jack. And one of the reasons that I'm calling you instead of calling lots of other people that want because you're the president is you've been so fair to me. And we've had great conversations, previous to both other elections and, you know, I really appreciate it, Jack, I have to tell you.

Donald Trump: We'll be talking about the economy. The economy is phenomenal right now with a normalized interest rate we're doing phenomenal. We had a couple of bad days but we're having -- we're going to have some very good days because we had to take on China. China is ripping our country like has never happened before in history with any country.

Donald Trump: They would take it out $500 billion a year, 500 billion, and that's not including intellectual property theft, which they were stealing like crazy. So I had to do it. It should have been done by Obama and Bush and everybody else it should have been done by -- long before I came along. But I'm the one that gets I'm the one that gets stuck with it and I'm the one that's going to do it. And I've -- we're making tremendous progress.

Donald Trump: China, frankly, would love to make a deal and it's got to be a deal on -- on proper terms. It's got to be a deal frankly on our terms otherwise, what's the purpose? Because they were so far ahead from years of bad negotiations and I'm actually not even having deals. They just came in and it was -- it was a terrible thing they did.

Donald Trump: They took -- and I don't blame China, by the way. You not blame the people that led our country, they should have never allowed it. There was no reason for them to allow this to happen.That they would take it out over $500 billion a year. Ridiculous.

Jack Heath: President Trump, as you're aware on New Hampshire that we have a Senate race here in New Hampshire coming up. Jeanne Shaheen, the Democrat incumbent senior U.S. Senator from Hampshire, running for re-election. I had Corey Lewandowski on my show recently, saying he's seriously looking at running. Should Corey Lewandowski run in the Senate?

Jack Heath: [Inaudible] we have your support?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all I have to tell you that, I think he would be fantastic. He's got great energy, he's got -- he's a -- terrific on television, you've seen, he's a really good guy, I like him a lot. I like him, I like his family, I like everything about him. I think Corey is a fantastic guy and I don't think he's made that decision yet.

Donald Trump: I will say this, if he ran he would be a great senator. If he ran and won he'd be a great senator. He would be great for New Hampshire, he'd be great for the country. He has got a tremendous drive and that drive would be put to the people of New Hampshire's benefit and the country's benefit. So I haven't heard that he's running yet.

Donald Trump: I know he's considering it. If he ran, I think he'd be -- I think he'd be No. 1. I think it'd be hard to beat him in New Hampshire. You know Corey was there with myself and hope and a couple of others while we started this whole thing and and we did well, we did well. Corey is very outstanding guy.

Jack Heath: Mr. President, before we let you go on your way to New Hampshire for the big rally, Southern New Hampshire University Arena, tonight at 7:00. Mr. President, you've communicated directly to the American people like no sitting president ever has through the use of social media and Twitter. If you want to see it you go right out.

Jack Heath: You bypass a lot of the channels. Sometimes people say you go a little far and those communications. Are there any in particular that you feel you have or do you feel pretty good about what you've tweeted and as a way to communicate with the people?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, if I could have pulled back a couple maybe I would have, you know, thinking about it, but honestly, without -- and I don't go Twitter or call it social media because it's much more it's -- Twitter is like a typewriter, to put it in an old-fashioned term. I put out a message and then immediately if it's, you know, modestly important, not even very important.

Donald Trump: You know, you look at television and it's on every major station, on every station that we have breaking news, we have breaking news. It's actually pretty wild, Jack, I have to tell you but you put it out and it's instantaneously across the world.  When I was flying to South Korea I had the idea: "You know what, I'm going to South Korea, right next to North Korea, right where the border, right near there." I said, "There was no way of anybody knows how to get to Kim Jong-un." How do you get --  I put out a tweet: "Hey, I'm going to South Korea if you want to meet for a couple of minutes, let's meet." And I put it out and he was calling within 10 minutes.

Donald Trump: I mean, that's the craziest thing. So it's an incredible -- and we had a good meeting. It's an incredible way to communicate for me. Now I have, you know, tens of millions of followers. It's -- it's -- it's a way of getting the word out, especially since, and you understand, I've been saying this from the beginning, and this does not include you and others but it includes plenty, it's fake news.

Donald Trump: I mean, what they do, The New York Times, The Washington Post, ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, these are -- these are really disgraceful. I mean -- and I see it better than somebody would. You know, If you look and you know a person sitting there wouldn't know if it's truthful or not because they don't know.  I give something out that I know is what I want and what is true and they will report it. For instance, they can take a tremendous victory that I would have, meaning, that the country would have I would have it for the country and they make it look as bad as they can possibly make it look.

Donald Trump: Sometimes they actually can take a victory and make it look like a failure and they do that whenever they can. It is really dishonest media. I call it thick media and -- but it's real it's fake news.  But I would say that it's an incredible way of communicating. I'm not sure right now, I'd be talking to you, at least as president.

Donald Trump: I'll talk to you any time, OK, because you're terrific. But I may not be doing it if I may be doing it as somebody that tried but didn't make it. The fact is, it's been an incredible way of communicating, and I've said it that it's a modern day form of communication. That for me really works because I have so many followers.

Donald Trump: I mean, on one side alone I have 63 million but I have numerous sites, I'm in the hundreds of millions of people. And you know, I can get some phony news and some -- some stories that are total hoax. The Russian deal was a total hoax, a disgrace. And now I think that might be turning around and people are not so happy about it. And when I say turning around, on investigate the investigators.

Donald Trump: How did that whole thing start, it's a disgrace. It was allowed to continue but I was able to fight back because of social media and it's been -- for me honestly, Jack, I mean, it's been -- it's been amazing.  Now, I wish I didn't have to use it. And I've said this yesterday to somebody, very important interview.

Donald Trump: I said, "Who you are now scooping.", because I won't be on for a little while. "So you're scooping it", but I said, you know, had to -- if the news was -- was fair, fair. It was just fair or is that friends of yours would say fair and balanced, right? If the news was fair I wouldn't even use it, I wouldn't need it. But in order to fight back and tell the truth I have to use it and it's been very effective.

Donald Trump: There's no question about it.

Jack Heath: Mr. President, we're up against the break and I thank you for joining us on New Hampshire. Real quick, final question that many people may not ask you and you don't get a chance to answer since you've been president, pretty busy presidency, I might add. If you had to say to a friend or the first lady or one of your kids or a colleague, what you think the biggest single achievement thus far in the Trump presidency is? What would you say?

Donald Trump: Oh, boy, just so many. I mean, I don't think anybody's done what we've done in two-and-a-half years ever. Regulation cuts, the biggest tax cut in history that really spurred the economy. ANWR, [Inaudible], the largest of -- They've been trying to get that approved and it lasts for forever. You look at the military, you look at what we've done with V.A. Choice, we had V.A. Choice approved.

Donald Trump: I used to talk about it all the time in New Hampshire. We got V.A. Choice approved. It's been incredible, an incredible success. It was a year ago it's been an incredible success. You hear all the good news coming out of the V.A.

Donald Trump: And all of the jobs, you know, we set records on jobs. Jack, we have the highest number of people working in the United States right now that we've ever had, almost 160 million people, and unemployment rates at the lowest. So, I mean, we've done a lot, Jack. We've done a lot. It's hard to say one specific thing.

Donald Trump: Two Supreme Court judges in another 90 days we will have had our 179 federal judge. That's a big difference from what we had before. It's a huge impact on the court. So, we've done a lot but I'm really happy to say for New Hampshire because there's so much into the military. V.A. choice is really something that is very important and very special.

Donald Trump: The vets are being treated properly, finally.

Jack Heath: All right. Mr. President, thank you. Justin wanted me to ask you if you think Tom Brady is going to grab another ring.

Donald Trump: I think so. He's a great quarterback. I mean, there's never been anybody like him, right? There's nobody better.

Jack Heath: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: He's a great -- He's a great person and he's a great quarterback. Thank you, Jack.

Jack Heath: Thank you for the time, sir, I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: You take care of yourself. So long.

Jack Heath: Back on New Hampshire today in a moment.