Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-news-griff-jenkins-april-5-2019

Note: [The interview was recorded on April 5, 2019 in Calexico, California and broadcast in two parts on Saturday, April 6, 2019 on Fox and Friends.]

Griff Jenkins: President aside from the wall, and I just came from McAllen Texas Rio Grande Valley.

Donald Trump: Right.

Griff Jenkins: They're getting hit so hard from coast to coast all the Border Patrol chiefs tell me in addition to the wall they need Congress to roll their sleeves up and change this laws.

Donald Trump: Oh Griff, we can change these laws in 15 minutes I could change them. Catch and release. You know that is. Democrats you catch the person you take their name and you release them. And we're not doing that anymore. And it's just a horrible thing. Chain migration where you come in and you have hundreds. You have a lot of people come in with you your mother your father your uncle your aunt your grandmother your grandfather your brothers and sisters and I mean we had a case where somebody that as you know radical Islam he ran somebody ran many people down on the West Side Highway in New York.

Donald Trump: You know what well. And killed eight people wounded horribly injured 12 people. I mean missing arms and legs and he has many people under chain migration many of his relatives have come in with him. It's crazy. And then of course you have the lottery visa lottery where they pick them and they pick people.

Donald Trump: And these countries aren't giving us their finest OK. They're not giving us their finest. I'm not going to say they give us their worst but you know why wouldn't they. So we have to get rid of these things and we can have it so easy what has happened though and you've seen it is Mexico. Now for the first time is apprehending people and bringing them back with this.

Donald Trump: Otherwise we're going to close up the border.

Griff Jenkins: Are any Democrats willing to work with you to change the law?

Donald Trump: We're going to find out. I think they're getting hurt badly politically. And then once they get hurt badly politically they'll start working with us in the meantime. Mexico is doing a job that we could be doing. But Mexico is now apprehending people at their southern border and they're bringing them back to Honduras Guatemala or wherever they come from El Salvador.

Donald Trump: They're also stopping the Mexicans from coming in. And we've had a great four days and it only started when I said we're going to close the border and I will close the border or I'll put the tariffs on the cars that they make and they send into our country essentially tax free and I'll put tariffs on there and then I'll close the border after that if that doesn't.

Griff Jenkins: So let's address that. How would you put a tariff when your own agreement precludes that.

Donald Trump: We haven't we haven't finished our agreement yet. So I'll put that in there I'm going to put it in there because if they look people are pouring through Mexico they come from other countries. I've already stopped the money we pay them over 500 million dollars. Honduras Guatemala El Salvador and others. We stopped the money.

Donald Trump: Some people would say oh you should give them more money the Democrats say give more money. They're forming caravans to get people out.

Griff Jenkins: I've been in there.

Donald Trump: And you know what they're not putting the best people in those caravans. OK but they're forming caravans they're putting people in they're sending them up. You know it better than anybody. You know what's going on.

Griff Jenkins: So Mr. President is it time to call for a summit between yourself the president Mexico the presidents of Honduras Guatemala El Salvador.

Donald Trump: No I don't need a summit. I think we've done very well without a summit. They understand we stopped we're saving 550 million dollars. And I respectfully told and I thank him very much because for the last four days it's been great. You see that whole stream is drying up. They could stop him at their southern border their southern border.

Donald Trump: And you look at what's happening now. They pulled in fifteen hundred one thousand five hundred yesterday they brought them back. They pulled in over a thousand the day before over a thousand the day before that today I haven't gotten the number but I understand it's a lot.

Griff Jenkins: Well, where I was in RGV 14 straight days of a thousand plus 4500 yesterday. This is what I want to address to you. They're releasing now particularly the family units to the public in the fabric of the U.S. tens of thousands are being released and will continue. Are we witnessing the second generation of DACA forming.

Donald Trump: No, we're witnessing people that are going to be brought out of the country the country is full. We have our system is full. We can't do it anymore. We go by this horrible Flores situation you know that decision is a horror show we have to release after 20 days and we built big detention areas but they fill up immediately.

Donald Trump: There's never been so many people coming up and that's because they're gaming the system and the system is changed for the worse because of what happened with Democrats and what they've done in terms of Congress. So if we change the laws it would be very easy. But in the meantime Mexico if they stop the people from coming in. We won't to have a lot of people coming at the border.

Griff Jenkins: News today your nominee for ICE Director Ronald Vitiello 30 years in the job. Why did you withdraw his nomination?

Donald Trump: Because we may go a different way. We may have to go very tough way and we're going to see and we'll see Ron's a good guy. I know him well done a good job but we may just go a different way a little bit tougher.

Griff Jenkins: Tough question for you since you've done so much on immigration and made it a central issue. We may end up by your administration's own projections upwards of a million undocumented immigrants added to the existing population. What does that say about your administration handling?

Donald Trump: Well I think what's happened is I've proven to be right. If we were able to build the wall now I've gotten the the wall. And you take a look at this I hope you're covering it because we have miles and miles of it being built right now hundreds of miles are under construction. And more importantly they're under contract.

Donald Trump: I think 157 miles right now is under contract. They're getting ready to start the Rio Grande we're doing a lot of work there. That's where a lot of people come in and I've shown the people that I was right. I mean this is what's been happening for a long time it's been happening for a long time. They didn't even put down the numbers.

Donald Trump: They didn't used to put down the real numbers. I mean you look at what's happened you know in the old days they didn't mark down. They didn't say how many people were coming in. What we're doing is the gang members don't get in. And if they do get in ICE is getting them out the bad ones. We have a lot of bad ones you know that want to get in. And when you look at the caravans they're composed of people that I'm sorry but they're not supposed to be coming into our country and we're stopping it. But what we will be doing is now our system is full.

Donald Trump: And I told our people today our system is full we can't take anymore. The asylum is being scammed. The whole asylum system and you have gang members tough people saying they're afraid to be in their country they're not afraid. And then they'll come up with flags holding flags from their country. [End of first part.]

Griff Jenkins: Vice President Biden seems to be escalating words with you first on Twitter now. He said that you're a tragedy in two acts. Your reaction.

Donald Trump: Well we have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have the best job numbers we've ever had. More people are working today in the United States than ever before. They're paying less tax then just about ever before we had the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. The regulations are cut lower than they've ever been.

Donald Trump: I mean we have more we've done more regulation cutting than any administration whether it's four years or eight years. This country is doing well, we're rocking. The military has taken care of the vets are in the best shape they've ever been and we have choice now for the vets which they've been trying to get as you know for 45 years unsuccessfully.

Donald Trump: And you know to him I just a part of the reason I'm here is because of him and President Obama. If they did a good job I probably wouldn't be president. What else you have to say.

Griff Jenkins: All right Mr. President thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. You do a great job there.

Griff Jenkins: I appreciate being on the border. I have to ask you I know you get asked every day. One final question that is are we any closer to seeing the Muller report so much made of it. There's no critics of your attorney general.

Donald Trump: You know there's no no collusion. OK. The famous word collusion. There's no obstruction because they put a decision and the attorney general made the decision he said no obstruction. So there's no collusion there's no obstruction. There's no nothing. It's all a big hoax and the Democrats want to keep playing it because they've done a lousy job.

Donald Trump: They haven't governed well again that's why I'm here. The way they governed is the reason that I'm president and we are doing a great job. So it's really up to the attorney general whatever he wants to do. But everybody waited for the Mueller report. Then it turns out that there's no obstruction no collusion no anything.

Donald Trump: And now the rest is up to the attorney general. Schiff and Nadler they keep playing their game. They can't get off it and they were very disappointed but it was a very easy decision. And these were not people that like Donald Trump I called them the 13 angry Democrats these were people that were angry. They should've never been allowed to write about me. These were 13 angry people with hatred toward me. And then they added more 17 or 18 and they all were angry at Donald Trump and they still came up with no collusion.

Donald Trump: Very few people could that happen to where they go through almost two years of nonsense haters total haters and they come up with no collusion. Thank you very much.

Griff Jenkins: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you Griff.