Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-nigel-farage-lbc-october-31-2019

Nigel Farage: Well, thank you, Donald. It's October 31st, the day we were told over and over again we would be leaving the European Union, but not so. I was a bit disappointed by that and thought we'd debate that this evening and I was cheered up because I got a very important phone call from someone, well, let's call him Donald from Washington shall we. And I started off by asking him whether he, as a Brexit supporter, was disappointed that the UK had not left the European Union.

Donald Trump: Well I think Boris is and I am and you are we're all disappointed. I think it's a good thing for the UK. The concept of what they're doing. I was in favor of it originally. Remember I was out opening up Turnberry at the time and we had a massive amount of press more than you would normally have for opening a -- a club, and I said that it was going to pass and everybody laughed and I was right.

Donald Trump: And you were right.

Nigel Farage: Yup.

Donald Trump: But it did. But it's been a long time since that day and -- and the day of reckoning.

Nigel Farage: Yeah I mean it's been very difficult for Boris in one sense that he inherited a difficult position from Mrs. May and you said --

Donald Trump: Yes she did.

Nigel Farage: And you said to me that he would bring some energy to the job. Well, I think, compared to his predecessor, he's brought a lot of energy. But he -- he also --

Donald Trump: That's true.

Nigel Farage: He also picked up this deal that Mrs. May have tried to do which was, in fact, the new EU treaty. And Boris has picked up that treaty and try to improve it. I mean, has he spoken to you about the details of this deal?

Donald Trump: Yes he has, and he also knows how difficult it is. He's in a very difficult position. And I think he's willing to do what nobody else would do. I also think he's looking very much at the United States because we can do much more in trade. You know we're much bigger than we were when I took office. We've grown a tremendous amount and China's gone in the opposite direction as you know.

Donald Trump: We've gained trillions of dollars in value and worth and they've lost trillions of dollars, so we're far and away the largest economy in the world and we wanted to trade with the UK and they want to do trade with us and to be honest with you this deal under certain aspects of the deal, you can't do it. You can't do it. You can't trade.

Nigel Farage: Wow.

Donald Trump: I mean, we can't make a trade deal with the UK and we can be -- because I -- I think we can do many times the numbers that we're doing right now and certainly much bigger numbers than you're doing under the European Union.

Nigel Farage: Well, I'm not you, I'm not you.

Donald Trump: You know, Boris wants to be very careful with it.

Nigel Farage: Yeah, but that's the problem --

Donald Trump: Because under certain ways we're precluded.

Nigel Farage: That's the problem.

Donald Trump: It would be ridiculous.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. That's the problem with this deal is that, in fact, the next stage of our agonizing negotiations with Brussels will not end until the end of 2022. They want to align us in regulatory terms. It's going to be very difficult. I mean, we got a general election coming up. Is this the moment that Boris should just drop this deal and go for a clean break so we can start having serious conversations with you?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to tell Boris or you because you even had a great impact in this, Nigel. You -- you and I have become friends over the last couple of years and you saw what was happening with my thing just like you saw what was happening over there, you're like a great tea-leaf reader. But -- and I'd like to see you and Boris get together because you would really have some numbers because you did fantastically in the election, the last election and --

Nigel Farage: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: He respects you a lot, I can tell you that. He respects you a lot. I don't know if you know that or not but -- Because I don't -- I have no idea. You know, I have enough to do over here without having to worry about this like I would do.

Nigel Farage: You do. You do.

Donald Trump: Two brilliant people over there, frankly.

Nigel Farage: Why did he --

Donald Trump: If he dropped -- But he has a lot of respect and like for you. I just -- I wish you two guys could get together, I think it would be a great day.

Nigel Farage: I tell you what. If he drops this dreadful deal, fights the general election on the basis that we'd want to just have trade with Europe but no political interference, you know what, I'd be right behind him and let's hope he gets -- he gets to that position. You know, now against him, of course, the main rival is, one, Jeremy Corbyn, who I know didn't --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: Didn't come along to see you at the state dinner when you were here. Now Mr. Corbyn says --

Donald Trump: Well, he wasn't invited and I certainly didn't know he was invited. I mean, look, I don't know him I'm sure he's a lovely man. But you know he's of a different persuasion to put it mildly. Perhaps the opposite. He's the opposite end.

Nigel Farage: He says, "If we have a trade deal, Donald Trump, it'll be a Trump Brexit and Trump will come and take over our National Health Service." What do you have to say to him?

Donald Trump: No not at all. We wouldn't even be involved in that. No. We -- we're trying to fix our health service. We all have our health service problems, and frankly -- and you do over there and we do, and one of the things that we're running so successfully on is how great a job I've done on healthcare. We've done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: Now, it's not for us to have anything to do with your healthcare system. No, we're just talking about trade. You're trade with us could be four to five times higher than it is right now. That would make it -- that would make your country much bigger economically than it is right now and you're being held back by the European Union, so are other countries within the European Union.

Donald Trump: I mean, you have countries, Italy and others that would do much better, frankly, without the European Union. But if they want to have a union that's fine. But I think it's -- it's hurt your country. I also know for a fact, I mean, they're very tough people to deal with. I will tell you this.  I tell that to Boris and I said they are very, very difficult to deal with.

Donald Trump: And I have a magic wand, I could deal with it very easily all I have to do is a certain step and they'll be coming and dealing with me very easily. I always thought you had a little bit of a magic wand too but they never used it. You know what I'm talking.

Nigel Farage: I do. No, I do. And I'd love to have help but at the moment they've chosen not to use me in any of these negotiations. So we've got nothing to fear then if we do a trade deal with the USA. The NHS is not up for grabs, is what you're saying. And -- and -- and the other line I get is ah --

Donald Trump: I don't even know where that started. I don't even know where your health care system started with respect to us taking over your health care system. I mean, it's so ridiculous. I think Corbyn put that out there. But to even think, it was never even mentioned. I never even heard it until I went over to visit -- visit with the queen, who by the way, is a great, great woman.

Donald Trump: And I think we hit it off really well. We had a terrific time. But she's a great woman.

Nigel Farage: She's amazing. She's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: I say that very seldom. I don't say that often. I have to say about anybody, but she is really very outstanding and Prince Charles so good, so good. He -- he loves the environment. He loves your country so much. We had a great time, we'll get together, but really special people.

Nigel Farage: She got somehow -- somehow, the queen got a bit dragged into this Brexit row because they, you know, are supreme court judge that basically the advice that Boris had given it was against the -- against the law. It's a bit of a shame that she would get dragged in like this, isn't it?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, one thing I learned about her because I've watched people study her and in as many years has to be the all-time record. I don't think she's ever been in anything that was bad. I mean, honestly, think of it. She's gone through everything, from wars to anything you could go through and she's always handled it incredibly well.

Donald Trump: She's an amazing -- she's an incredible woman, actually.

Nigel Farage: No, I agree with that completely. And of course, an American married into the royal family last year. You know, young Harry married Meghan Markle and kind of a year into this. She's having a really tough time and she's kind of saying the press are being really unfair to her now. I think you've probably personally had more tough press and perhaps unfair press than anybody else alive.

Nigel Farage: Do you feel a bit sorry for young Meghan given what the press are saying about her?

Donald Trump: Well I've been watching her interviews and I've seen it and she's taking it very personally. I guess you have to be a little bit different than that. But she takes it very, very personally and I can understand it, but I don't know her. I will say I met Harry, he's great. I met him when I was over at that incredible -- We had something that was so incredible recently.

Donald Trump: That was what, five months ago. Now how time flies but -- but I got to meet Harry and he is really a fine young man. The whole family is, I think the whole family is terrific. It's great family.

Nigel Farage: So you really enjoyed that visit to the UK in June?

Donald Trump: No, I really did and you know I met the Queen as a second time and the first time everything is so perfect and we got along so well and I was supposed to be there for 16.3 minutes. You know, I kid when I say that, but like 15 or 16 minutes, everything was so precise and I was there for more than an hour and I came out.

Donald Trump: And the reason I was there is because we both had a great time and she wanted me to stay and I wanted to stay and the first lady was with us and we had a great conversation probably for an hour or thereabouts and I came in and the Press said, "He was there he was extremely rude to the Queen." Well, no, I would have been rude if I left.

Donald Trump: You know, I was that -- I have to leave now, I have to leave now.  Now we had a fantastic time. We hit it off and then, actually, people commented on it because in that great gala that we had, we sat next to each other, and she was smiling and having a good time and I was smiling and having a good time and it was just a, you know, really an incredible evening but I -- I was told that she enjoyed it and I can tell you I enjoyed it.

Nigel Farage: And you're supposed to come back, I think, in December because there's going to be a big NATO summit here in December.

Donald Trump: That's right. I'll be back in December.

Nigel Farage: And there's some big -- big conversations going on at the moment. The European Union very, very keen to build their own defense capabilities whilst at the same time, I think you would say not paying their way in NATO.

Donald Trump: Well they're not. I mean, they're a -- the really the European Union is not. Now UK is, the current, we're current we're more than current. We're paying twice as much as we should be and we're supposed to. It's -- we're really paying a big percentage of the total cost to the United States, which has been taken advantage of. But the UK is current.

Donald Trump: The European Union, if you look at many of those countries are, you know, is very similar in makeup. They are right now in NATO 20 countries that are delinquent, meaning they owe a lot of money. Germany is the No. 1, you know, they're down from one to one point two or 3% instead of 2%, and 2% is a very low number, they're supposed to be at 2%, which is a very low number.

Donald Trump: The United States is at 4% and try and figure that one out that we're more and would -- you know, we're there to protect you. So -- and you know, you have a lot of things like Germany paying a lot of money to Russia for the pipeline and for energy. A tremendous amount of their energy will be coming from Russia and that's all fine but then we're supposed to protect them from Russia.

Donald Trump: So, you know, how does that work? So there's a lot of difficulty with that whole situation and we'll see how it works out. I hope it works out but I look forward to seeing everybody. Great relationships with the various nations.

Nigel Farage: And is there a point at which America has to say, look, we just can't go on doing this unless everybody plays by the same rules?

Donald Trump: Well, I won't even say that. I will just say that I raised -- Your secretary general is a terrific guy, Stoltenberg. He said that nobody's done so much for NATO as I have. I raised $100 billion last year. More money than they got. Just by saying, "I'm sorry you have to pay up." Now, that's, believe it or not, as much as that is. That's a fraction of what the real number is. That's even with that they're not current.

Donald Trump: And many of these countries, like Germany, could be current in one day. You know ,they could pay up in one day. So they're taking advantage of the United States. But we'll see how that all works out. It always works out. Everything works out.

Nigel Farage: And do you see the relationship with Boris Johnson? Because I think you had some reservations about Theresa May as prime minister, didn't she/

Donald Trump: Well, I liked her very much. I, you know, disagreed with certain things that she did. But I like her. She was always very nice to me. I was nice to -- to her. But she then we really got along very well at the end. But I -- I did not agree with her on certain things.

Nigel Farage: Now with Boris, I mean, you -- I know you tried to advise her, didn't she, when how she should negotiate with the E.U.? Because you've negotiated with these guys, you know how --

Donald Trump: I told her exactly how to make the deal.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. I'm --

Donald Trump: But she didn't listen to me, and that's OK. Not everybody listens to me. Some people do. She could have made a great deal.

Nigel Farage: Will Boris listen to you?

Donald Trump: He could have made a great as yet. Oh, yeah. Boris and I have a great friendship. We have a -- We've become friends, Boris and I. When -- when he was running they were saying, "He's the Trump. He's the Trump." We have a lot of the same things going, I guess Boris is a terrific guy. He really is. You know that, he's a terrific guy.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] I think he'd need it. I think it was time for Boris. It was time. You needed him.

Nigel Farage: Well I tell you what, if you can persuade him -- if you can persuade him to go for a clean break, I would be over the moon because we, as you say, together we'd win. Now, I must talk about some events in America. Let's start with a success to begin with, a success to begin with. The killing of the ISIS leader Al Baghdadi.

Nigel Farage: How significant is that in terms of the war on terror?

Donald Trump: Well it's been amazing. I mean he was the head of ISIS. He built a caliphate that was massive, the size of Ohio in terms of land. It's a very big, you know, between Iraq and Syria. He had, literally, a piece of land that equated to the size of the state of Ohio and he had 7 million people. And when you see those are in suits where the heads were cut off that was him.

Donald Trump: When you see the Jordanian pilot, who they captured and they burned him in a cage, that was him, he's an animal. And he died a coward and he died a very rough death. I can tell you. These people we have, our soldiers, our military, is by far the greatest in the world. There's nothing close, and they went in and he didn't know what hit him.

Donald Trump: He didn't know. He was very well protected. They were -- they broke through like it -- like they were dealing with children, frankly. They broke through so easily. And he was very well protected.  He didn't expect this to happen but tremendous protection. And he he died whimpering and crying and what he did to people, what he did to a young, very beautiful young lady that was there her parents were just devastated.

Donald Trump: I called him. I called many people many of the parents and families. I called people that he killed but he was a bad guy and he was bad for your country. I did -- That was a world favor not just a U.S. favor.

Nigel Farage: The trouble is, though, he's gone, and I agree with you, I'm very pleased about that. But there are still thousands of people who fought for ISIS in prison camps.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: Now what -- I mean, what -- what are you going to do --

Donald Trump: We also killed his second. You know we also killed his second the following day.

Nigel Farage: But what -- But what -- But what do we do? What do we do with these thousands of ISIS? Where are they going to go?

Donald Trump: Well we're -- we're -- Well we offered to give the ones from U.K. back to U.K. and they don't want them. We offered France, we offered Germany, well this is what I mean, we captured them --

Nigel Farage: Yup.

Donald Trump: We've got them. The Beatles we have, you know, The Beatles, we have two of The Beatles, they were the worst. And they came from your territory and you guys, you know, possibly, incredibly smart. But you know, maybe not. You didn't want to take them back. So as usual the United States gets stuck with it and we're handling it in a certain way.

Donald Trump: So we're watching it very carefully.

Nigel Farage: Can we expect you to send them back to us?

Donald Trump: Well, we would. If you take them, you guys, you don't want them back. Nobody wants them, you know. They'll say let the United States take care of them. They take care of everything else, let them take care. Which isn't fair. We offered France, Macron we offered Angola, Germany. You know many of these people came from Germany, France, UK, and they all were so happy when we captured them, I said, "Good.

Donald Trump: Now you can take them back and try them." And I think they maybe didn't hear -- hear the statement. They didn't want to hear it.

Nigel Farage: Well it could be -- That could be a problem that Boris has [Inaudible] Boris might have to deal with that problem if he gets reelected in this campaign. And the other biggest issue that made huge news was of course the the horrible, horrible road death that we saw of course back in the summer of this year, young Harry Dunn.

Nigel Farage: I know that you tried to turn a --

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Nigel Farage: Horrible, horrible. And you tried to broker a meeting, didn't you? In the White House between [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well I had a meeting set up but all of a sudden, I guess, lawyers got involved. But I had a meeting set up. They were both in the White House. I met with the parents of the young boy, very nice people. And I had watched them and the reason I did this is for Boris, actually, it's a Boris call. They said, "Would it be possible for you to do something?" I met with the young lady that was driving the car and she thought a very compelling story to tell.

Donald Trump: And then they were in separate rooms and when I wanted to introduce them to each other so they could really grieve together. The parents didn't want to meet her so -- and yet and when I watched them being interviewed in UK they -- they very much wanted to meet her so I don't know what went -- You know, I guess things happen, things change.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. That was disappointing obviously.

Donald Trump: I think she was in the next room.

Nigel Farage: That was disappointing.

Donald Trump: No she was in the next room. She was willing to meet.

Nigel Farage: I know she wasn't. Today the British -- Today the British police have actually interviewed her about the incident. I mean all this circumstance -- all the circumstances here if Boris asked where she could come back to the UK to face charges?

Donald Trump: Well I'd have to see what the final facts are and I'll take a look at the final facts. She's represented by a lawyer as you know the parents are represented by a lawyer and from the time I talk to Boris to the time I met with him, but they were both right next to each other in the White House, I was in the Oval Office with the parents and the young lady was in a room right next to the Oval Office.

Donald Trump: But the parents decided in their wisdom and it's certainly their choice not to see her.

Nigel Farage: Yes.

Donald Trump: I can understand that too.

Nigel Farage: Yes.

Donald Trump: I can understand.

Nigel Farage: And of course we have to talk about and I'm sure it's the last subject you want to talk about but the Ukraine and -- and this vote that -- this preliminary vote that was passed in the House this afternoon. I mean, they say, the other side, that you used your position to ask the Ukrainian government to look in to Biden, the Biden family background, and in doing that you'd asked effectively for foreign interference in a national election.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: How do you respond to that?

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's totally false. We have a transcript. There was an exact transcript of the meeting. And anybody that reads the transcripts understands. It was a perfect phone call with the Ukrainian president, who is a very fine man, a very nice person. And we had a great call and it was a very appropriate call.

Donald Trump: Many people were on the call. I knew many people were on the call, not to mention, I'm sure they had many people on the call. But there were many people on the call. And it was a very, very appropriate call. And in fact when it came up, you know, sometime after the call was made, when it came up I said, "Oh, well that's OK, there's nothing there.

Donald Trump: You know, having a good memory, and then you could see the Democrats are desperate, they're desperate. They have nothing. They've got nothing going. We call on -- we really call on the do-nothing Democrats. And it's really sticking because they're doing nothing. And it's the only way they're going to try and win the election this way because they can't win at the fair way.

Donald Trump: Now the transcript of the -- of the call that I had with the Ukrainian president is a perfect and a totally appropriate document. And they're using that to try and impeach the president of the United States, who won one of the greatest elections in history. You know that. You've told me that yourself.

Nigel Farage: Yes.

Donald Trump: And a very important election, because it's nobody's it's done what I've done in the first two and a half years. Cutting taxes, cutting regulations. We rebuilt our military to a level that has never been, it's never been at a level like this. All beautiful, new -- the best fighters in the world, the best fighter jets and rockets and missiles and hopefully we never have to use it but we have a military the likes of which we never had before.

Donald Trump: The strongest in the world.  I've done so much and the Democrats are are doing terribly, and the do-nothing Democrats are -- The only thing they can do is this, in fact they just had a vote on the procedures. I guess it's procedural votes. They gave us absolutely no rights because they have the majority only in the house.

Donald Trump: And I didn't have one negative Republican vote, which is a very unusual thing.

Nigel Farage: But you've been through --

Donald Trump: Not one negative Republican vote.

Nigel Farage: You've been through Mueller. They tried to put you -- You say you've been through Mueller, which went on and on and on. They're trying to go through impeachment --

Donald Trump: That lasted for two years.

Nigel Farage: I know.

Donald Trump: But it actually started -- the whole thing started long before I won the election. It started with the insurance policy, we had two lovers, the FBI agents that were after Trump. And this was long before the election took place and they said that Hillary Clinton is going to win, but just in case she doesn't win, we'll have an insurance policy and all of this stuff is the insurance policy.

Donald Trump: But we're winning or we have a great Republican Party. I'm the highest rated person in the history of the Republican Party, came out the other day 95%, I have a 95% approval rating in the Republican Party, with the Senate equally strong but the House just had a vote. I don't know what the final was, 195 Republicans or something like that.

Nigel Farage: Yeah. Two, three. Two, three, two versus one, nine, six, and in fact even two Democrats were on your side of it.

Donald Trump: Yes that's right, which is, you know, really something, and I think what it means and what a lot of people are saying because it's a hoax and, you know, high crimes and misdemeanors. Well what's a high crime and misdemeanor when you have a very appropriate conversation? Now, fortunately, we have the transcript, because you know they're bringing never Trumpers out, people -- Now, you know, and you know this stuff, buddy.

Donald Trump: I knew many people were on the call. I knew it was probably being transcribed or stenographers, you know, doing that. I knew all these things, I know -- When I speak to a foreign leader, people are on the call and they do that and they transcribe the call. So what happened is, if you know that, if I know, of course, now I'm a straight shooter anyway so it doesn't have to be, but when you have 25 people or 10 people or five people or maybe more than 25, when you have -- when you know the line is crowded with people listening, intelligence agencies, military people, they're all listening.

Donald Trump: When I say something inappropriate I'm supposed to be a -- they even say a very smart person right. I don't think I'd be -- I don't think I'd be doing that also when I use Ukraine to beat sleepy Joe Biden, sleepy Joe. I call him 1% Joe too, 1%. The guy never came out of these things with 1% and he's heading down rapidly now.

Donald Trump: I mean, I don't view him as a very difficult -- difficult guy to beat. I think it's unlikely that he would have gotten it but now it seems to be less and less likely than he [Inaudible]

Nigel Farage: Who -- So who is the fight -- Who is the fight going to be against if November 2020? Who is going to come take you off?

Donald Trump: It would look like Elizabeth Warren is picking up steam, she's picking up a little steam. I thought she was gonzo. She was -- I call her Pocahontas because she lied about her Indian heritage, but she seems to be the one picking up steam, so it could be her it could be Bernie Sanders, I guess, maybe. I don't know.

Donald Trump: Bernie it looks like he's shot, but it could be one of them. But in any -- If I know one person that's going to say Trump is going to win, that's Nigel, because you said that --

Nigel Farage: I did?

Donald Trump: When it was less fashionable so I can't imagine you're going to be changing.

Nigel Farage: I did.

Donald Trump: We've got a great economy and everything.

Nigel Farage: No. I did. You're absolutely right and I -- Absolutely. And I'm pleased I did. But tell me something, I came to see you. I came to see you just three days after the election result.

Donald Trump: Right. That's right.

Nigel Farage: And and it was an astonishing victory. I just wonder, you know, here we are, nearly three years in office are gone by and you've got all this stuff going on. You've got elements of the U.S. media, who were kind of on your case on a regular basis. The big question I'm going to aim with, are you enjoying it?

Donald Trump: Yes. Because I'm doing more than anyone ever thought possible, even me. You know they say, promises made, promises kept. I'm doing more than I even promised I was going to do. I'm getting things done at a level that nobody ever thought possible. I'm being held up by the Democrats. Frankly, they're trying to put roadblocks, part of this is exactly what's happening here.

Donald Trump: And don't forget there's another big investigation going on. That's the real -- that's the real deal, that's investigate the investigators and that's going to come out. The IG report is coming out very soon against these people. And I think it's going to be -- We're going to learn a lot. But -- but just so you know I love doing it. I had a great life before including going to Turnberry and going to Aberdeen and --

Nigel Farage: Yes. Playing golf.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] Going to a lot of different places.

Nigel Farage: Being free and living your own life.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nigel Farage: I mean, that's all gone, isn't it?

Donald Trump: I'll never have that again.

Nigel Farage: No. You have --

Donald Trump: I'll never have that again.

Nigel Farage: What comes --

Donald Trump: The day before I announced, Nigel, it was, literally, I was the most successful I had the best, probably the best part of my life ever. And then I announced, and look, it's a much different life. It's tougher but it's something, you know, it's the president of the United States. I have great relationships with many of the leaders including Boris, he's a fantastic man.

Donald Trump: And I think he's the exact right guy for the times and I know that you and him will end up doing something that could be terrific of you -- if you and he get together as, you know, unstoppable force. And Corbyn would be so bad for your country, he'd be so bad, he'd take you in such a bad way. He'd take you into such bad places, but your country has tremendous potential.

Donald Trump: It's a great country. Don't forget my mother was born in Stornoway. Right.

Nigel Farage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So that's big -- That's -- that's called the real deal Scotland. OK. That's -- that's not that's not on the fringes, right. That's called -- She was from Scotland and she was proud of it. She'd go back every year. She loved it. But so we have some great things and I love what I'm doing.

Nigel Farage: Tell me, what will happen first, Brexit or Donald Trump's re-election? That's a tough one.

Donald Trump: Well I think Brexit will happen first. Yeah. Because we -- we don't have till you know when November 3rd of next year so that's -- that's in a year. Hard to believe it's a one year. That's all. You know, you see those first couple of days you say it'll never happen but all of a sudden time goes by. No I think Brexit will happen first.

Donald Trump: I hope so because otherwise Brexit's going to be, you know, you should be able to knock that off. I think they're going to get that done. People are tired of hearing about it. We're even tired of hearing about it over here. I think you get that one.

Nigel Farage: Thank you very [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: You have the right man. You have the right man doing it and you have the right combination of people that want to see something good happen and that includes you.

Nigel Farage: That was Donald Trump and --