Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-700wlw-news-cincinnati-bill-cunningham-august-1-2019

Bill Cunningham: Mr. President -- first of all, Mr. President, welcome again to the Bill Cunningham Show and also to Greater Cincinnati.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, and you have a great show.

Bill Cunningham: I don't know about this. But the last couple nights, I've been watching the disaster on television, and most of the pundits said, "Guess who won the debates?"

Donald Trump: I mean, I just read a lot --

Bill Cunningham: You.

Donald Trump: About that. I know --

Bill Cunningham: Trump wins.

Donald Trump: I've heard it, Bill. It was so nice.

Bill Cunningham: You know what I find amazing is we've spent most of our time talking about the failures of Obama policy. The Democrats are now attacking Obama. Are you surprised by that?

Donald Trump: No, because it doesn't work. We've been managing it well, and we've done -- you know I had a decision to make. Do I manage it well, or do I manage it poorly? And managing fully would be really tough. So we managed it, as well as it could be managed, but still the price is too high. You take a look at the deductible.

Donald Trump: It's way -- I mean, you have the deductible, you can practically not even use it. So Obamacare is a disaster. We had it beaten. Ond then one man late in the evening decided, Bill, that I think I'm gonna -- after eight years of campaigning, I think I'm gonna vote against it. And he did something, but it's actually maybe gonna work out very well.

Donald Trump: It looks like it's gonna work out very well. But Obamacare knows is a disaster.

Bill Cunningham: What's amazing is President Barack Hussein Obama campaigned on the idea of no Medicare for all. He was saying -- Obama was saying --

Donald Trump: Right.

Bill Cunningham: It was too expensive. And so you come along and say, "Wait a minute. Let's reform. We can afford it. It'd be nice to do it." But do you find it amazing that you agree with Obama on some things, such as Obama was saying for years, "We don't want an open border." Democrats say we don't want open border. Obama said, "No Medicare for all." Democrats said no Medicare for all.

Bill Cunningham: And now you're saying, "Now, wait a minute. There's a couple of three things Obama did I agree with." But Democrats are attacking Obama. You find that amazing?

Donald Trump: Well, the whole thing is incredible. I watched both nights and much of it each night. This was not a very exciting evening of television. But I watched and I guess it's probably four or five. It's down to four or five. I can't imagine somebody else coming up. But I don't think it's what our country represents, number one.

Donald Trump: And when you look at open borders, how about the open borders, where everybody can just come in, and you know we're stopping them now. In fact, we have Mexico stopping them because Congress -- the Democrats in Congress won't -- will give us no votes for border security. Can you believe it? No votes. So we'll get them.

Donald Trump: I think we're going to get them in the next election. But I'm just watching, and it's incredible to think people come up -- many of these people are not good people. They're convicted of lots of bad crimes and they want open borders where they just flow into our country. It's not happening. We won't let it happen, and we're doing really well.

Donald Trump: And I have to say Mexico has been great. Now I said if you don't, we're going to have to do tariffs on your products coming in. And right now, they have 21,000 soldiers, and it's been -- it's had a tremendous impact.

Bill Cunningham: President Obama said, "Get rid of criminal and illegal aliens." Joe Biden, his V.P., is saying, "Wait a minute. Let's give them a hearing." Isn't it amazing that Democrats are running against Obama. I find this as a commentator an amazing circumstance.

Donald Trump: Well, the whole thing with Biden talking about hearings, it's so crazy with judges. We're the only country in the world, or just about, where people come in Bill, they come in and they get a trial, so we hire Perry Mason. And it's a big deal. And the trial we say come back in four years. It's just so crazy.

Donald Trump: But with here, nobody else has judges. They come in other countries they come and they say sorry you have to get out and in this country they come in as welcome to litigation. But we have it -- we've done a lot. You know, we could solve it very quickly with the Democrats. It will take literally 20 minutes to solve, but they don't want to do it.

Bill Cunningham: On issues in Baltimore, is it possible for a conservative to talk about failures in the inner city without being labeled a racist? And there was a story today on that on the A.P. that the murder rate in Baltimore is higher than the murder rate in El Salvador.

Bill Cunningham: Can you talk about any problems in urban America without being labeled?

Donald Trump: No. I think not just me. Well, they called Nancy Pelosi a racist two weeks ago too. So you know it's one of those things. But anytime they run out of ammunition, they start throwing the R word out there. It's a terrible thing. I mean, it's a terrible thing. I'm the least racist person there is. But it's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: But I think I've exposed everybody for what they are, and Baltimore has been a very good example. You look at it, it's gotten billions and billions of dollars over the years, and the money has been wasted or stolen.

Bill Cunningham: Now -- and lastly on the issue on the economy, here in the Midwest it's important. Obama lost 200,000 manufacturing jobs. And Obama said, "Guess what folks, they're not coming back." You've added 500,000 Midwestern manufacturing jobs, given another four years. Joe Biden said last night, "Trump doesn't need another eight years." I think Joe Biden might have a little math problem.

Bill Cunningham: But nonetheless, assuming he get another four years, how would a manufacturing be better under Trump than it would be under a socialist.

Donald Trump: Well, President Obama said that manufacturing jobs are gone. You'd need a magic wand, if you remember that expression, a very famous expression. And we've added 600,000 in the country and a lot more are coming. I mean, frankly we need people to work because we have the lowest unemployment rate very soon in the history of our country, lowest with African-Americans, lowest with Asians, lowest with Hispanics.

Donald Trump: We have the lowest. So I mean, we're just -- we're doing great. But we're bringing back manufacturing jobs, Bill, and that's very important. They're best jobs. I mean, these are great jobs, high-paying jobs, talented people, and they're coming back like never before. And I'm just -- I just got numbers that Ohio is now having the best year in its history.

Bill Cunningham: Blaxit, it's blacks exiting the Democratic party. Outside, there's numerous African-Americans with posters and signs saying join the Blaxit movement. Would you like to see Blaxit work in America?

Donald Trump: I would love to see it, and I love those people that are outside. And I wonder if I could get to say hello to them tonight, I'd say hello. But it's happening more and more. And look, the best unemployment rate they've ever had, the most African-Americans working right now in the history of our country. Think of it, more people are working, African-Americans good jobs than they've ever had -- that we have ever had in our country.

Donald Trump: So that's really nice when you tell me something like that. I appreciate it.

Bill Cunningham: Right. They're out there working right now. Blaxit is important.

Donald Trump: I love it. That's a great -- that's a great -- this is one that's gonna be used, I guarantee.

Bill Cunningham: No question. Mr. President, thank you.

Donald Trump: Bill, I want to thank you. You've been such a great friend, and I just want to thank you very much.

Bill Cunningham: You're a great American.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bill Cunningham: Bill Cunningham with the President on 700 WLW. Thank you.