Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sinclair-media-group-eric-bolling-october-25-2019

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, thank you very much for joining us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Eric.

Eric Bolling: 191 cities are going to see this interview. Thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Good.

Eric Bolling: Some big news: the Department of Justice said that they're going to open up a criminal investigation into what went on in the 2016 campaign, the election. What do you think they'll find?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they're going to find a lot. I think it was disgraceful what went on. You saw what went on. You were watching it very closely, and you have an eye for it, and I'm not involved in it from the standpoint of, it's not my mandate, but it's obviously Bill Barr's mandate. He's a great Attorney General, and a lot of terrible things, I would say, happened, and they're going to find out.

Eric Bolling: You know, I think the -- the speculation is whether or not they'll bring Clapper and Brennan in front of a hearing, and will we ever hear that testimony?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not going to comment other than to say I think they're very bad people, and I think they were very bad for the country, but we'll see what they find. Whatever they find, they find. There are a lot of others too. You look at McCabe. You look at Comey. Look at that report on Comey, 78 pages of kill, how bad it was, and probably went all the way to the top.

Eric Bolling: Yeah I wonder -- I'm still, to this day, wondering if he broke the law by leaking a confidential memo of -- of a conversation you had with him?

Donald Trump: Well, I think there were a lot of breakings of the law. It was investigate the investigators. So, based on everything I read this morning, that's what they're doing. Let's see what happens.

Eric Bolling: Do you think Adam Schiff collaborated, colluded, whatever with this whistleblower?

Donald Trump: He's a very bad guy. He's doing anything they can to find something. This started from before I even got elected, this whole horrible situation with impeachment. It's a dirty word to me. It's a very dirty word. I had a perfect conversation in the current case, but I've been fighting this for three years.

Donald Trump: I mean, I've been fighting this from, if you look at it, I guess it started long before I even got elected, with the two lovers, with Strzok and Page, and the insurance policy, remember? If she loses, we have an insurance policy. The insurance policy is we're going to go get him. It's a disgrace for our country.

Donald Trump: It hurts us internationally, it hurts us within the country, and it's a very sad thing. It's -- it's really -- and I'm very happy, when I read the papers this morning, I was extremely happy.

Eric Bolling: Now, something else happened recently. There -- Senator Lindsey Graham has what, 50 senators now, who say --

Donald Trump: I hear he's got 50 before we even make any phone calls.

Eric Bolling: What is -- the Graham resolution is what?

Donald Trump: Well, basically he's saying it's a very unfair process, and I'll go a step further. I was with Tim Scott, who is a fantastic man. I was with others, and they're saying, well, you know, the process is one thing, but he didn't do anything wrong. I mean, forget about process, I didn't do anything wrong, and I didn't. But again, I fought off the Russia hoax.

Donald Trump: I fought off the Mueller hoax. I fought off all of them, and it continues. It's just crazy. This has never happened to a President before, and they spend $45 million. They have 18 Trump haters, like angry Democrats, I call them, and they find nothing. I could find something on you for $45 million, and you're perfect.

Eric Bolling: Come on, Mr. President. [Laughs] We've been friends a long time, let's not go there. You know, you said famously recently the GOP needs to get tougher. What do you mean? And --

Donald Trump: Well, I think they are -- I will be honest: I loved when I saw that scene of the unity yesterday with the Congressmen going downstairs, because they have a cabal going on. It's -- you know, you look at what's happening downstairs in the little room -- that little secret room. Nobody ever had a thing like that.

Donald Trump: That's never happened before. It's really an investigation in search of a crime, They're trying to find -- des -- desperately they made up --

Eric Bolling: Do you think --

Donald Trump: If you think -- Schiff made up, his words -- not my words. He went before Congress and the American people and he repeated a conversation that I never had, and then I released the conversation, because we had stenographers and transcribers, and the conversation was a perfect conversation. But he made it sound so horrible.

Donald Trump: That's illegal. I mean, it -- No way you can get away with that. That's a -- but that's a total fraud.

Eric Bolling: So -- So here's the question. You mention Lindsey Graham. He's heads up the Senate Judiciary Committee. Why isn't he investigating Adam Schiff?

Donald Trump: Well, that you'd have to ask Lindsey --

Eric Bolling: I think I will. I think I'm going to be doing that.

Donald Trump: Lindsey has been -- Lindsey has been good, and this is good. But, I mean, this is a step in terms of fairness. But, why do I have to go through that when everyone knows we did nothing wrong anyway? Tim Scott said it. He said, he didn't do anything wrong. Forget about fairness. I didn't do anything wrong.

Donald Trump: It's all about -- a hundred percent, about the conversation I had with the President of the Ukraine. It was perfect.

Eric Bolling: Before we go any further, the, um, the Syrian situation, you know I think it's -- I honestly think was brilliant what you did afterwards, where you said --

Donald Trump: It's coming out very good.

Eric Bolling: Where you said we're going to protect --

Donald Trump: That's right --

Eric Bolling: We're going to protect the oil information infrastructure for the Kurds, that -- that's [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And ourselves [Inaudible] And ourselves.

Eric Bolling: But that is such a smart move.

Donald Trump: Not only for the Kurds, for ourselves.

Eric Bolling: But why don't you get credit for that?

Donald Trump: Well, the Democrats will never give you credit. By the way if you go back two or three years and somebody said they're bringing the soldiers back home -- if somebody said that other than me, the Democrats would have said he's the greatest genius in history. But if I say it, they want to say well, we want to stay and fight forever.

Donald Trump: No, no. We don't want to be involved in the border. The border between Turkey and Syria -- they've been fighting for hundreds of years, they've been fighting for centuries.

Eric Bolling: But that oil installation is the difference --

Donald Trump: The oil -- the oil --

Eric Bolling: You can fight about the land, but not the oil --

Donald Trump: Yeah. So I said we're leaving there

Eric Bolling: Yeah

Donald Trump: -- but we've secured the oil and we've got the oil, and that's good.

Eric Bolling: I know you have to make a speech here. Before I go --

Donald Trump: I do, but that's okay.

Eric Bolling: -- Washington Nationals, you going to go to the World Series game [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well it's very exciting, Yeah, I'm going Sunday, assuming there's a game. There might not be a game, but Houston's a great team. They're in the White House very recently, as you know, getting -- getting their great award, and accolades, and they're a great team. So, we'll see what happens. But it's going to be a good series.

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.