Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-diaz-balart-telemundo-june-20-2019

José Díaz-Balart: Mr. President, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

José Díaz-Balart: This is your first Spanish language network interview. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well I think it could very well be. Come to think of it.

José Díaz-Balart: Finally.

Donald Trump: That's good. That's good.

José Díaz-Balart: You just launched your re-election campaign in front of 20,000 people in Florida. It's going to be a tough fight?

Donald Trump: I don't think so. I mean we're -- we're winning everywhere that we see. And we see a lot of fake polls put out by people that put the same polls out four years ago. I think that when you look at the enthusiasm in Orlando last night, you look at Florida, you look at what's going on. We had at least 20,000 in that arena last night.

Donald Trump: And we sent away thousands and thousands. We had 120,000 requests. No, I think we're doing great. I think we're doing really well in Florida and Ohio. Pennsylvania, I think we're doing very well. I won Pennsylvania last time, first one to win as a Republican in many years. And we brought back a lot of business.

Donald Trump: Pennsylvania's having the best year they've ever had as a state. Michigan's having the best year they've ever had as a state. I don't know, I mean, I should do well.

José Díaz-Balart: You've also been very tough on immigrants and just this week the tweet --

Donald Trump: When you say that, you mean illegal immigrants?

José Díaz-Balart: Immigrants who cross --

Donald Trump: Because I've been very good to immigrants, but illegal immigrants.

José Díaz-Balart: Immigrants across the border, including those who come asking for asylum, for example.

Donald Trump: Right.

José Díaz-Balart: This tweet that you did this week. Next week, ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States.

Donald Trump: Right. And you know many of them are from China many, of them from other parts of the world that you wouldn't even believe. And our laws are so bad. Congress has done nothing about our laws and fixing our immigration laws. They're so bad. The asylum laws are laughed at by everybody in the world that knows anything about it.

José Díaz-Balart: I want to talk to you about the immigrants themselves.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

José Díaz-Balart: You've been very tough on them. One of the things that you did was --

Donald Trump: And you know my poll numbers with Hispanics? Went up 17 points.

José Díaz-Balart: Wow.

Donald Trump: Well OK explain that. I've been tough.

José Díaz-Balart: You've been tough but --

Donald Trump: And yet my poll numbers with Hispanics have gone way up.

José Díaz-Balart: But the fact is that there is a percentage of Lati -- Latinos the vote of that, no doubt, there is up to 30 percent of the Latino population who have supported you among the voters.

Donald Trump: Right now it's 50 percent.

José Díaz-Balart: That would make a 70 percent. But let's talk about the --

Donald Trump: I know but for a Republican, I'm at 50 percent. I went up 70 points. You know why? The Hispanics --

José Díaz-Balart: I have not seen any poll that says --

Donald Trump: Well, we'll show it to you.

José Díaz-Balart: With all due respect.

Donald Trump: We'll show it to you.

José Díaz-Balart: -- that you have 50 percent of Latino support.

Donald Trump: No, no, we'll show it to you. But let me do it. We went up 17 points, you saw that. I went up 17 points because I'm tough at the border. Because the Hispanics want toughness at the border. They don't want people coming and taking their jobs. They don't want criminals to come because they understand the border better than anybody.

José Díaz-Balart: I understand. So the zero tolerance policy, was that a mistake?

Donald Trump: It's not a mistake. We want to have strong borders. It's not a mistake. But let me just explain something --

José Díaz-Balart: Zero tolerance is a separation of children from parents and border.

Donald Trump: No, no, let me explain.

José Díaz-Balart: Thousands and thousands of children separated --

Donald Trump: Now, when I became president, President Obama had a separation policy. I didn't have it, he had it. I brought the families together. I'm the one that put them together. Now, I said something when I did that. Watch. Many more people will come up and that's what happened. But President Obama is the one that built those prisons cells.

José Díaz-Balart: I understand. Twenty-eight hundred, twenty-eight hundred children reunited with their parents in the last year. We don't even know, the government doesn't even know how many children are still not with their parents. They don't know, which I find incredible. My question --

Donald Trump: Ready? Are you ready? Under the Obama plan --

José Díaz-Balart: Sir, we're talking about your plan

Donald Trump: No we're not. Because I'm the one that put people together. They separated, I put them together.

José Díaz-Balart: You did not. Twenty eight hundred children were reunited with their parents in this last year after the zero tolerance policy.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Because I put em together.

José Díaz-Balart: There's thousands of them.

Donald Trump: That's because I put them together. Under Obama, you had separation --

José Díaz-Balart: Under court order, I may add, right?

Donald Trump: No, I put them together. I'm the one that changed the plan. I inherited separation and I changed the plan and I brought people together. Now when I did that I said watch what happens. More people are going to come up because when you put the parents together with the children when you don't separate. And that's exactly what happened.

Donald Trump: But I hated to have the separation policy and the prisoners that you saw they called them --

José Díaz-Balart: Was zero tolerance mistake?

Donald Trump: Well it was zero tolerance means to me is going to be tough on the border.

José Díaz-Balart: That includes separating parents from children if that's what it takes?

Donald Trump: No, no, no. I put them together. Just remember that, I put them together.

José Díaz-Balart: Another thing, Mr. President, you said, I remember clearly, you said you spoke directly to the dreamers you said the dreamers will be treated with heart. What happened to that heart? The first thing you do is you try -- you essentially turn back DACA as an executive order.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Ready?

José Díaz-Balart: Yes.

Donald Trump: The Democrats don't want to make a deal. It's not an executive order, you know, where the Supreme Court right now would be going to be before the United States Supreme Court, sir. And the judges, the justices are going to make a decision. I would have made a decision earlier than that. I can't get Nancy Pelosi or Chuck Schumer to do anything for the dreamers.

Donald Trump: They will do nothing for the dreamers. They don't care about the dreamers.

José Díaz-Balart: You revoked DACA.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you what I did. I revoked it because everybody said that Obama had no right to do it. But I didn't revoke it quickly. I said let's make a deal. They were unable to make a deal. So now, it's sitting before the United States Supreme Court. I am willing to do something with the dreamers as you call DACA.

Donald Trump: By the way, there are different meanings when you say dreamers and DACA there were really a different -- but let's for purposes of this let's call it the same thing call them the dreamers. But that's very much different than DACA. Are you ready? I am willing to make a deal. I always happen. But Pelosi and Schumer don't want to make a deal.

Donald Trump: They don't want to make a deal.

José Díaz-Balart: You also revoked CPS for 200,000 Salvadorans and Haitians, Sudan and Nicaraguans.

Donald Trump: We are doing something --

José Díaz-Balart: People who registered, who participate and work here.

Donald Trump: And their time came up and now somebody has to make a decision as to whether or not they're going to stay in the country. And I haven't made that decision yet. But we're going to take a look at it. By the way,, somebody has to make that decision. You know, they're supposed to leave --

José Díaz-Balart: Do you have something against immigrants?

Donald Trump: I love immigrants. I love immigrants. This country is based on immigrants. Our country is based on immigrants and without it -- In fact I'll tell you, I want people to come in. I have brought so much industry into the country. We have 17 car plants under construction, we have Foxconn coming in to Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: We have all these massive companies. You know we're doing incredibly well, 3.5 percent unemployment. By the way, lowest Hispanic unemployment rate in the history of our country. Lowest Asian, lowest African-American also. But we have the lowest Hispanic unemployment rate in the history of our country. Hispanics today are --have the average net wealth, the wealthiest they've ever been under Trump not under Obama because under Obama they were going the wrong way.

José Díaz-Balart: Let's talk about another subject that is very recently dealt with, Mexico. Do you consider Mexico an ally or an adversary a friend or a foe.

Donald Trump: Well this week I consider them a friend. They've been doing a great job, actually. They -- we signed an agreement last week. They have 6,000 people going to their southern border troops and they are doing a really good job. I mean, so far, they've been doing a real good job.

José Díaz-Balart: Is this a week by week [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Look, they can easily stop if they want to. They can easily stop this tremendous migration to the United States and then we have all these -- the illegals coming in. It's no good. Mexico has been great for the last week and a half. Now, I signed the agreement a week and a half ago but they've been great.

Donald Trump: They've honored the agreement. They would -- if they weren't great, I would put tariffs on.

José Díaz-Balart: Do you plan to meet with President Lopez Obrador?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I would. I like him. I do. I like him

José Díaz-Balart: You like him. After this agreement, which I think, everybody says, you won the negotiations with Mexico.

Donald Trump: I don't think I won it. No, no. Mexico didn't need millions of people pouring through the middle of their country. OK. I think we both won.

José Díaz-Balart: But they have a migration policy which may be different than the United States.

Donald Trump: Maybe it's different but they have very strong immigration lawyers, we don't. They will stop them and they can stop them before they ever get to the border.

José Díaz-Balart: So, is Mexico now doing the United States bidding in southern border [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: So far it looks like it is Mexico's doing a great job for Mexico and for the United States. So far, but it's only a week and a half.

José Díaz-Balart: So you don't think, I mean, are you asking Mexico in effect to patrol the southern border to do the American -- the U.S. dirty work.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, no, no.

José Díaz-Balart: To not let --

Donald Trump: Not the U.S. airway, to do Mexico's work. People shouldn't be allowed to walk through Mexico into our country. They're not supposed to be in Mexico either. So Mexico is removing those people and they're bringing them back to Honduras and different places Guatemala, El Salvador. They're bringing them back.

Donald Trump: And so far they've been doing great. And that's why I'm not doing tariffs, otherwise I would do tariffs, and I don't want to do tariffs to Mexico but it would be tremendously costly for me. I don't even know if would be affordable for Mexico.

José Díaz-Balart: And next week or the first Democratic --

Donald Trump: Right.

José Díaz-Balart: -- debates.

Donald Trump: Right.

José Díaz-Balart: Ten for two nights, by the way, I invite you to watch it on Telemundo.

Donald Trump: Maybe I'll do that.

José Díaz-Balart: What -- who would you prefer as an adversary.

Donald Trump: I really -- you know, I've been asked that question, honestly, you never know, you never know. I could comment on different ones but I won't bother too much. I think it's a little bit -- Bernie. Bernie looks like he's had it. Bernie looks crazy but he always did. But it looks like a tired crazy right now and Joe Biden, he looks like he's just exhausted.

Donald Trump: I don't know what happened to him but he is exhausted and he doesn't do any work. He's not working. One thing I found out about this job to do it right and I've done it right. You have to work hard. No president in two and a half years has ever done what we've done in terms of tax cuts, in terms of regulation in terms of Second Amendment, in terms of so many different things.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like it and that's OK. You know what we've done with the vets with choice. They couldn't get choice. They couldn't get accountability and we've got these things passed that have been passed for 45 years.

José Díaz-Balart: A Quinnipiac poll in Florida says that Sanders, Biden, Warren, Buttigieg, right now would beat you.

Donald Trump: I know but Buttigieg, you do believe that? Really? Do you believe it? They also had me losing Texas to Pocahontas. I'm not losing Texas to anybody. We have a tremendous lead in Texas. We have a tremendous lead in Florida. Quinnipiac, I don't respect that poll. They've been calling me wrong for a long time.

Donald Trump: I mean, they've been calling me terribly wrong and now I will say I have a good poll with Rasmussen, where I'm at 51 percent and you have to understand I'm at 51 percent. But I've been hit for two and a half years, since I became president, by the fake news and by this nonsense with the Mueller Report, where I win the Mueller report and now they want to do a do over.

Donald Trump: You know they want to do it again. Let's do it again. It was no good didn't turn out good for them. So they said, "Let's do it again.". But as you know, and you will admit, for two and a half years they've been doing nothing but hitting me and they still are, I'm at 51 percent and I'm winning most of the states that we poll, where we have actual real pollers.

Donald Trump: Most of the state, not democratic inclined pollers or polls that were bad last time. You know, when I look at some of the polls from my race against crooked Hillary Clinton. OK. And I look at those polls, they were just like this, they were worse far worse. I was going to lose to her a week before the election according to the Washington Post ABC.

Donald Trump: I was going to lose by at least 12 to 14 points and then we sent a letter of complaint and the next week they changed the poll. That was the day of the election. They changed the poll and it was like even, I said, "How do we go from 12 to 14 points. We sent a legal letter to them and we're even and then we won the election.

José Díaz-Balart: Do you -- is it something that you're basing on your gut, on the polling, internet polling, what do you base this on? Well it's based on a lot of things, I based it on crowd enthusiasm. Look at the crowd last night, that arena is going to have 20,000 seats, it was packed. We sent away thousands of people, many thousands, but we had 120,000 requests.

José Díaz-Balart: We would tell people, "Please, don't come." Now, when Biden goes out as an example we can't get 100 people to fill a little tiny gymnasium. They end up doing a roundtable because it looks so bad. They do a roundtable he walks in, they end up on a roundtable. I think we're doing great.

José Díaz-Balart: Are you -- are you are you looking for the Latino vote. I mean, you're the largest minority in the country.

Donald Trump: Absolutely and I did well in it last time and surprisingly and I think I'm going to do much better this time.

José Díaz-Balart: Why do you think that?

Donald Trump: Because I've been very tough on Cuba, I love the Cuban people from Miami and elsewhere. I've been very, very tough on Cuba. Nobody's been like me on Cuba and we're going to get Cuba worked out properly not the way Obama did it, which was a disaster, which I revoked, but we're going to get Cuba taken care of. Venezuela, who's gonna be tougher than -- than I am.

José Díaz-Balart: What has happened in Venezuela? You recognized Juan Guaidó? In February you said Democracy is on the rise and yet nothing's changed.

Donald Trump: Well you said process, OK, I mean, it's a process. It's terrible Venezuela, where people are starving. This was one of the wealthiest countries and now people are starving, they have no water they have no nothing. We've been very, very tough. Some people say we've been too tough, I say we haven't been tough enough.

Donald Trump: And I love the Venezuelan people. We're sitting in Dora, this is called Venezuela, a little Venezuela, this area. It's the best area. If a house is for sale around Doral, if it doesn't sell within a week they say there's something wrong. OK. This is a very successful area. The people of Venezuela are a great people but they've been decimated by these two characters that have been so horrible over the years.

José Díaz-Balart: Are you visiting -- are you planning to visit any Latin-American countries, sir?

Donald Trump: I will. I just, as you know, I have a very good relationship in Argentina. We have a very good relationship in Colombia with the new president, who's doing, I hear, a very good job. I would like to say we're going to soon have a very good relationship with the people in Venezuela. We have to help those people, those people are starving.

Donald Trump: They have no water. It's run by a dictator. It's a horrible thing going on and if you look at what's going on in Venezuela, it's horrible. And you know who's causing the problem? Largely, Cuba. They've got 25,000 troops, and Cuba does, and we're putting sanctions in Cuba. And I just stopped the cruise ships from going to Cuba.

Donald Trump: And Cuba has got to straighten out and I will tell you, I don't even know politically is that good or bad, but the people in Miami, they gave me the Bay of Pigs award just before the election because they loved the job I'm doing with respect to Cuba. The Cubans gave me the Bay of Pigs, did you know that?

José Díaz-Balart: I did. The -- back to the situation on the economy. And you did bring out the headlines of what unemployment is among the different communities. There are however in those communities people that don't see for example -- for example standards of living going up. Senator Sanders and others say it's time to have a national 15-dollar-an-hour minimum wage, is it time to do that?

Donald Trump: Well I've already created a minimum wage because wages have gone up more than anybody in many decades.

José Díaz-Balart: But what about $15 an hour?

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Wages have gone up more than 3 percent. It's more than the number. The people that I'm dealing with and the people that -- and if you look at the reports, that's a very low number, the $15. And I am actually looking at that but looking at the pie I am I am looking at that.

José Díaz-Balart: You are. You are looking at the possibility.

Donald Trump: I am looking at that, I will say this. But beyond that, because that's just an artificial number, much more important because I'd like to get people higher than that. Wages have gone up tremendously in the United States since I've taken over. In fact, soon to be record numbers.

José Díaz-Balart: So I have to wrap it up and I have a few more questions if you'd be so kind, sir.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

José Díaz-Balart: What would you say -- just thinking out loud of the two biggest mistakes you've made as president.

Donald Trump: Well a couple of appointments I would have not appointed a couple of people in my life would have been much simpler life, so I could say that but without getting personal, I'll hold that for a later date.

José Díaz-Balart: You can do it now, I don't have a problem.

Donald Trump: I know, I know, I appreciate that. I think my biggest mistakes was I put a couple of people in that I shouldn't have put it.

José Díaz-Balart: Any regrets?

Donald Trump: I have no regrets. You know, I've done a great job. I've done more than any president in the history of our country in the first two and a half years. I've gotten -- I've taken care of our vets. I've taken care of our military, we've rebuilt our military. This year will be the final year, we are rebuilding our tanks our planes, you have to see.

Donald Trump: We had planes that didn't fly. We had planes where they had to go to the desert, they call it the graveyard to get parts. You take a look at what I've done with the Right To Try. Take a look at what I've done with Choice for the vets. Take a look at all of the things -- and accountability for the vets. Nobody's ever, ever thought it was possible to get veterans choice, that's where veterans if they have to wait can go out and see a doctor.

José Díaz-Balart: In one word how would you define your presidency?

Donald Trump: Well you can't do it in one word. I mean, I can give you a nice beautiful word. I can talk about -- I can say excellence, OK. Excellence and then I leave the interview. But you can't do it in one word. Look, I've worked hard, I've been battling a deep state that is disgraceful. Phony -- phony allegations and the other side is guilty, I mean, actually, when the other side is guilty and despite the whole witch hunt thing, which is now coming to an end, the Mueller report turned out really good.

Donald Trump: Of course, they don't accept it still, you know, they want to keep going because they have nothing else to do and that's the problem the Democrats are not getting anything done in Congress, and it's very bad. They have an opportunity to do drug-price lowering. They have an opportunity to do infrastructure, so many different things.

Donald Trump: they have an opportunity to solve the problem on the border because we wouldn't need Mexico if they do a couple of things with loopholes and with asylum. But I do respect Mexico, and I want to thank the president and everybody because it's only a week and a half but there's been a tremendous difference on the border.

José Díaz-Balart: It's gonna be a tough race. What is the first lady tell you about running for re-election?

Donald Trump: Well she was fine with it. She's been a great first lady. They really like her. They really like Melania. You have to see, last night you saw that she walked out she's got a tremendous hand and the people like Melania, she's she's a very good person, she's worked very hard in the opioid problem. That's something that she really took to heart and we've knocked it down about 17 percent in a year and a half, we've knocked it down by being very tough on doctors and medical.

José Díaz-Balart: Going back to the Latino vote. Granted a percentage definitely supports you but there are some who fear, who fear your rhetoric, who fear what's been going on in the border, who fear that you have said that you will be deporting millions of people.

Donald Trump: They want me to do it.

José Díaz-Balart: Mr. President, they do not.

Donald Trump: They do.

José Díaz-Balart: They do not.

Donald Trump: You're ready? They don't want to lose their jobs. They want to keep their salaries, their wages up, and they don't want crime. When people come through, you have MS-13 coming through.

José Díaz-Balart: That's not the majority, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: But it's a lot of people

José Díaz-Balart: It may be some.

Donald Trump: If it was one in a hundred it's still many.

José Díaz-Balart: If it was one of the mothers that are coming with their children aren't MS-13. The people who were raped raped in their town and have to leave aren't MS-13.

Donald Trump: I agree, but if it's one in a hundred it's too many. And we're taking them out of our country by the thousands and the Hispanics see that their communities that -- that these people these -- these horrible people MSO team and other gang members are being removed from our country.

José Díaz-Balart: Those people are the first ones, they want the MS-13 removed but they do not want to see families separated at the border, they don't want to see [Inaudible]. They don't to see children in cages.

Donald Trump: Ready? Obama built the cages. I didn't build them. Obama built the cages, that's No. 1. Obama separated, I'm the one that did a presidential order bringing the parents together. That's a big [Inaudible].

José Díaz-Balart: Mr. President, we've talked about so many subjects, right? I mean, immigration, we've talked about foreign affairs we've talked about the economy. Do you sleep well?

Donald Trump: I don't have much time to sleep. Fortunately, I've never been a big sleeper in terms of hours but I sleep fine. I mean I sleep very good.

José Díaz-Balart: Mr. President, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.