Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wbtv-charlotte-nc-christine-sperow-september-9-2019

Christine Sperow: Mr. President thank you for being here.

Donald Trump: Thank you. It's great honor.

Note: [Small break in interview as the two walk to camera positions]

Christine Sperow: [We have a special election] on Tuesday -- Dan Bishop versus Dan McCready. How important is it for you to pick up that seat?

Donald Trump: Well, it's very important. We need Dan -- well you know, our Dan right -- which is Dan Bishop He's been fantastic. He's been a friend of mine, he's been somebody that I know well for a long period of time H.e's an outstanding person and he wants strong borders. He wants to protect your Second Amendment, which, as you know, is under siege in so many different ways.

Donald Trump: And Dan Bishop, I think, should win tomorrow. He's got tremendous support. You see, not only do we have a full arena, but we have thousands of people standing outside. So, I think Dan's going to be in good shape. He's strong on crime, loves the military, loves the vets. He's going to help us in Washington.

Donald Trump: McCready --  I mean, the problem is, you take a look at what he wants, he wants open borders and he loves sanctuary cities. You can't have that.

Christine Sperow: Yeah. We were with the Vice President today, and he said that. He said a vote for Dan McCready would be a vote for sanctuary cities?

Donald Trump: Which is not good. I mean it's not good, and certainly the people of North Carolina don't want that.

Christine Sperow: All right, let's talk about -- we had a big hurricane here last week in the state in North Carolina. I know you wanted an opportunity to go visit some of that area. What support can the folks who were impacted get from the government and rely on?

Donald Trump: Well, we're actually meeting with a number of people, and we did before, as you know, because of, actually, hailstorms and everything else, they weren't allowing anybody to go in. But, they got hit hard. North Carolina got hit pretty hard, and we're taking care of it. We just spoke to your Governor. We're taking care of it very, very powerfully.

Donald Trump: We're doing all sorts of emergency declarations, and most of them have been done already, and a lot of work's been done. The Coast Guard has been incredible. FEMA's been incredible. And a lot of work -- it was very important to me, North Carolina. You actually got hit the hardest of anybody, if you think about it. I mean, we're not including the Bahamas, who really got -- and the government of the Bahamas, as you know, called me, and we're helping them out.

Donald Trump: They really got some beating. There's no question about it.

Christine Sperow: Yeah, absolutely. Let's talk about the Republican primary for 2020.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Christine Sperow: It was just announced the former governor of South Carolina Mark Sanford plans to run against you in the Republican primary. Your reaction to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think there's much reaction. I just got a 94 percent approval rating in the Republican Party, and that's the highest in history -- higher than Ronald Reagan who had an 87. So, I don't -- can't imagine with his past -- and you know a tweet that I gave actually knocked him out of the last race, he lost his last race.

Donald Trump: I tweeted for his opponent, and his opponent won, and I actually did that on Election Day. So, it was sort of a crazy thing, but now I understand he's going to do something, and I guess there's a couple of other folks too that don't have the greatest record possible.

Christine Sperow: Well, Mark Sanford is trying to say the debt right now should be a reason why people should be concerned to re-elect you as President.

Donald Trump: Well, we had to rebuild our military. Our military has been totally rebuilt, almost completely rebuilt, with new planes, which -- a lot of equipment made right here in North Carolina, and we have no choice but to rebuild our military. And we can start working on that very soon in terms of debt, because I understand that very well.

Donald Trump: I think I understand it -- really, I've done very well with debt over the years, and I will tell you if we don't rebuild our military, we don't have much of a country, especially with the threats that we have, all the different threats that we have outside our country, beyond our country, internationally.

Donald Trump: So we have rebuilt our military, we've taken care of our vets. We've got choice approved. Our -- if you look at not only the vets, I mean, just the V.A. You haven't heard complaints about the V.A. for the last two years. The V.A.'s really running, for the first time, really smoothly, and we've done a good job, and we can cut costs very quickly at the right time.

Christine Sperow: All right, let's talk about the RNC. It's going to be in Charlotte next year.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Christine Sperow: Lots going on. The mayor has said, welcome everybody from the RNC with open arms, but they don't want all the rhetoric that we sometimes hear.

Donald Trump: Well, that's true. The mayor's been excellent, actually and we -- many cities wanted us to go there, as you know, it's a convention. It brings a lot of business, a lot of money, a lot of economic development, frankly, and the mayor has been terrific, and we think we're going to have hopefully a very great convention, and go on to victory in 2020.

Christine Sperow: You're going to be the keynote at the National HBCU Conference Tuesday?

Donald Trump: That's what -- that's what I've heard.

Donald Trump: What do you plan to tell other folks with historically black colleges and university?

Donald Trump: Well, you know I've been very supportive of the historically black colleges -- more so than the previous administration. We've given tremendous amounts of -- hundreds of millions of dollars, and others haven't. I've been very, very supportive. So I look forward to being here.

Christine Sperow: Thank you for your time, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job.

Christine Sperow: Good to see you.