Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-waga-alyse-eady-atlanta-november-8-2019

Alyse Eady: A recent national poll just showed that 80 percent of African-American voters said that they would plan to vote for the African-Am -- or, for a candidate for President next year who's a Democrat. So, what would your message be to these voters here in Georgia?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we've cut into it very, very big, and, as you know, the polls have been very good for us now, and if you look at Black Voices for Trump today, it's an overflow crowd. We have the lowest unemployment for African-Americans in the history of our country. We have the best poverty numbers that we've ever had -- that's poverty in a very positive sense, the best we've ever had, and so many other things, and I think that overall, while we're doing well overall, African-Americans are doing proportionately better, and they've done better than they've ever done, and people are seeing that, and I said that was going to happen, as you know very well, because you've been there -- I said that was going to happen during the campaign, and we've produced.

Donald Trump: So I think we're gonna have tremendous African-American support.

Alyse Eady: I want to take you back to 2017, President Trump. You tweeted in regard to -- to John Lewis, and you were talking about the 5th Congressional District, which is where we are right now. You mentioned that it was crime infested. Do you still feel the same way?

Donald Trump: Well, if it's crime infested, it is. I mean, if you have crime, you have crime, and we have to get it out, and we've been actually putting a lot of money into this area, because, I mean, Georgia's coming a long way under this administration, and when you have crime, you have crime. There's nothing you can do about it in terms of statistics.

Donald Trump: You have to just solve the problem, to make the statistics look a lot better. So, we've worked very hard, with your local politicians and local representatives, and we've really made it a much safer place, as you know.

Alyse Eady: So Georgia is a really important state when it comes to the 2020 election, with there being two Senate seats open as -- as well. So -- So what's what's the message for Republicans to -- to maintain control of Georgia?

Donald Trump: Well, you have a great gentleman named David Perdue, and he's running, as you know, he's your Senator. He fights so much. He loves this state. He loves your state, and David is running hard, and I don't see how anybody can beat him, frankly. He's been such a great Senator. And then, as you know, Brian Kemp, who's your Governor, is going to be making a choice for Johnny Isaacson, who's been so incredible for so long, for the whole state.

Donald Trump: But they'll be making a choice very shortly, and I'm sure he'll pick somebody that's terrific.

Alyse Eady: For the impeachment inquiry, President Trump, how is this impacting your -- your campaign for re-election?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you. My poll numbers are higher than they've been ever. My -- my -- the fundraising has been through the roof. We have bigger crowds than we've ever had. Our base is more -- as an example, I got a call from the evangelical leaders. They came over. They said there's never been anything like this in terms of the electricity that they have.

Donald Trump: These are the churches and really, leaders of faith. I must say -- look, it's a witch hunt. It's a phony deal, based on one conversation that was a perfect conversation. It's a phony deal by a corrupt politician named Schiff, and Pelosi should go back and clean up her own district in San Francisco, which is going to, I'll say, going to hell, frankly, with the needles and the all of the problems that they have.

Donald Trump: She's got to go back there and clean it up. But this is really just a phony deal, and what it's done is driven up our numbers like crazy, and you saw the other night, we had a Republican vote, 196, actually, a couple of Democrats joined the Republicans, and it was -- it was zero negative Republican votes, which is pretty amazing.

Donald Trump: So, it's unfair. It's not nice. But it's something that is honestly energized our party a lot.

Alyse Eady: So you're headed back here for LSU -- this direction, at least --

Donald Trump: Right, that's right.

Alyse Eady: The LSU-Alabama game. Your choice, your pick, for the win?

Donald Trump: Well, I better not do that, but I will tell you that, two fantastic teams. They're both undefeated. They're great teams, and I think you're gonna have an amazing game. Alabama's always tough, and LSU has really become tough. I hear their quarterback is fantastic. So, I'm going to enjoy it. I look -- I, look, two great areas, two areas that like me, so we're going to watch a great game.

Alyse Eady: President Trump, thank you so much for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great to see you.