Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-piers-morgan-gmb-june-4-2019

Piers Morgan: Mr. President, how are you?

Donald Trump: Very good.

Piers Morgan: What a trip you had so far.

Donald Trump: It's been an incredible trip. Last night was really quite unbelievable with the queen because that is a great woman.

Piers Morgan: You've watched, I believe, the coronation when you was 6 years old in 1953 with your mother. It was a big monarchist, your mother know.

Donald Trump: It's true.

Piers Morgan: And you watched that 66 years ago. And as I watched you last night I was thinking what would your mother have made of her little boy Donald, being the guest of honor at a state banquet at Buckingham Palace with the same queen.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Piers Morgan: Now in her 90s, and you were there as president of United States. What would she have made of it?

Donald Trump: Well she would have been very proud. She would have not -- never thought in terms of president because I never talked in terms of running for president. I decided to do it and I won. I said to a couple of people I think I'm going to do it. And then I said to my wife I think I'll give it a shot, she said, "You know you'll win." But I will say that my mother would have been very proud.

Donald Trump: She was a tremendous fan of this country. And she was a -- she loves Scotland. She grew up in Stornoway. She left at 19 for New York. She met my father and they were married for..

Piers Morgan: And she loved the royals didn't she?

Donald Trump: She loved the royals, she loved the queen. And I always noticed whenever anything was on about the queen she would watch. She was a big fan of this place.

Piers Morgan: Did you tell the queen?

Donald Trump: I told her last night she was very honored, but my mother would always -- she just had great respect. She understood. My mother understand people very well. She knew people and she she got it right from the beginning. The queen is a great lady and my mother knew that.

Piers Morgan: Was that, in some ways, putting aside marriage, children, the personal stuff, was that perhaps the greatest experience of your life yesterday?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I kept hearing, because I've been through some pretty big things, OK, and I kept hearing, I'd watch the news and see the news go on and they'd say, "He's never had to handle anything like this when he walks into that unbelievable room in Buckingham Palace and he sees everybody that's there and he looks at -- " The place is breathtaking.

Donald Trump: As you understand better than maybe almost anybody. And they said -- I was noticing people saying, "Will he be able to handle the moment?" I said, "Oh, I've had some pretty big moments." But I have to say, sitting there I understood what they meant. It was really something.

Piers Morgan: So what is it like?

Donald Trump: Well, it's right up there. I mean, I had an inauguration, which I have to say was spectacular. And we had a big election night win that was, you know, one of the great evenings and outside of the personal things.

Piers Morgan: You and the queen seemed to have a natural rapport. She seems warm towards you.

Donald Trump: We had a great rapport. We had -- we had a conversation that lasted for an hour and a half nonstop.

Piers Morgan: Really? What did you talk about?

Donald Trump: And I think really we were -- Well I better not, I'm not going to say because --

Piers Morgan: Any little hints.

Donald Trump: -- I hear that we are not supposed to do that. In fact I said to her, "Tell me about this, I promise I'll never tell anybody about it." So I'm not going to break my promise in one day.

Piers Morgan: That's very kind. It's very unusual, if you don't mind me saying, well behaved last night. You seemed like you're on best behavior, as if the queen was somebody that you absolutely wanted to show maximum respect to.

Donald Trump: Well I have great respect for her. And yes I think I was probably -- I think I'm on good behavior most of the time but certainly last night and I really got what, I usually call them the fake news media because oftentimes they are fake, but I really got what they were saying because when you walk in there the moment is very impressive, especially when you're walking in with the queen and she can walk as fast as I can but they didn't do it. She walked very slowly and you know the certain grain of music and then later on we had the bagpipes from Scotland and...

Piers Morgan: We gave you the full nine yards of the [Inaudible] pageantry.

Donald Trump: I think you gave -- Yes, I think so.

Piers Morgan: You have been flirting with Emmanuel Macron, other leaders. Has this trip restored Britain as your No. 1 special relationship?

Donald Trump: Well it's always been right there and I've actually had a very good relationship with your prime minister, a lot of people don't know that. We've had a little bets but it's been very minor. And if you remember my last trip was really a very good relationship. But I have a good relationship with many of the leaders.

Donald Trump: Prime Minister Rabi, very special, just got by. He invited me, as the only country, he invited me as representative of the United States and the first lady to be the only people at a special ceremony for the new emperor, which is the first in 202 years. You know it's a 3,000-year bloodline but it's the first time, where the emperor before death, abdicates.

Piers Morgan: Would you like to to have a 3,000-year bloodline?

Donald Trump: I think it'll be great. I don't know what I'd be doing for the rest of it but I think it would be great but it was  a great thing in Japan. It was great. This was very, very [Inaudible]

Piers Morgan: I want to clarify one thing, you've been talking about, this Meghan Markle business.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Piers Morgan: Do you think Meghan Markle's nasty or no?

Donald Trump: No. You know the question was asked to me and I didn't know that she said anything bad about me. It sounds like she did and that's OK. I mean, hey join the crowd, right? You've heard about that too with yourself.

Piers Morgan: Of course.

Donald Trump: I know that, right? But it seems like she had and they said some of the things that she said. And it's actually on tape and I said, well I didn't know. She was nasty. I was referring to her. She's nasty. I said she was nasty about me and essentially I didn't know she was nasty about me. So I said -- but you know what, she's doing a good job I hope she enjoys her life.

Piers Morgan: What do you think of her? She's American

Donald Trump: I think she's very nice.

Piers Morgan: She's an American princess.

Donald Trump: Honestly, I don't know her. So I have to be honest, I don't know her. But it just shows you how terrible the news can be because if you read it, I'm sure you did, that was talking about nasty issues...

Piers Morgan: [Inaudible] It is a little bit ambiguous.

Donald Trump: I don't mind clearing that up actually because you read it. I mean, they have the tape, they released a tape and CNN and some of the other phonies they went out and they -- they took the tape and they even tried to, you know, disgorge it from that. So what happened is they talked about nasty but we were talking about nasty she was nasty to me and that's OK for her to be nasty.

Donald Trump: It's not good for me to be nasty to her and I wasn't. And in fact I think she's doing very well.

Piers Morgan: Did you get a chance to talk to Prince Harry?

Donald Trump: I did. I did. I congratulated him and I think he's a terrific guy. The royal family is really nice.

Piers Morgan: Did he say [Inaudible], 'Do you think my wife's nasty?"

Donald Trump: We didn't talk about it.

Piers Morgan: You didn't?

Donald Trump: I was going to because it was so falsely put out there. And when you see that transcript and you see it it's the exact opposite of what they said. Did you look at the transcript?

Piers Morgan: I did.

Donald Trump: Do you understand what I'm saying?

Piers Morgan: It seems ambiguous.

Donald Trump: No, no, I don't think it was ambiguous.

Piers Morgan: I could see that if people couldn't work out if you meant what she'd said was nasty or whether you thought she was nasty.

Donald Trump: No, no, no.

Piers Morgan: So now you clarify.

Donald Trump: What she said was nasty, based on what they told me.

Piers Morgan: But Harry -- Harry didn't have a problem with it. There were rumors that you didn't want to talk to you and and you didn't like him

Donald Trump: No, no, no, just the opposite. In fact, he spent a lot of time talking to Ivanka and talking to my family. I went up he was -- he couldn't have been nicer. Couldn't have been nicer.

Piers Morgan: What do you think of him?

Donald Trump: I think he's great. How am I doing?

Piers Morgan: You're doing well. You've been very dignified and kind of [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But see I'm only doing that because I mean it. No I really think he's great. I think he's a wonderful -- I think the family. I spent time in...

Piers Morgan: Did you meet Prince Charles?

Donald Trump: I did. I spent time with Prince Charles. I spent time with -- I mean we've been -- this has been two days of intensive -- It's not work because I like it and I really like the royal family and of course headed by the queen who is a woman like few others.

Piers Morgan: Prince Charles is a very -- is very passionate about a lot of issues.

Donald Trump: The environment.

Piers Morgan: One of which is climate -- is climate change. I assume you talked about that.

Donald Trump: We did.

Piers Morgan: Did he manage to persuade you about the merits of the science on climate change.

Donald Trump: Well we're going to have a 15 minute chat. And it turned out to be an hour and a half and he did most of the talking and he is -- he is really into climate change and I think that's great. I mean, I want that, I like that.

Piers Morgan: Did you listen to him about it?

Donald Trump: I totally listened to him and he also talked about architecture he is very much involved and I've done this for years. I think the architecture was earlier but he very much loves architecture and important...

Piers Morgan: What did he say to you about climate change?

Donald Trump: What he really wants and what he really feels warmly about is the future. He -- he wants to make sure future generations have climate that is good climate as opposed to a disaster, and I agree. I did mention a couple of things, I did say well the United States right now has among the cleanest climates there are, based on all statistics, and it's even getting better because I agree with that.

Donald Trump: I went the best water, the cleanest water. Crystal clean has to be crystal clean air.

Piers Morgan: What people wanting -- What I am saying is what people want to hear from you about climate change is that you basically understand that almost every scientist looks into this, believes climate change is a very real and present danger and if we don't tackle it now and America has to lead the way along with China or India then we're going to be in serious trouble, do you accept that?

Donald Trump: Well you know you just said it, China, India, Russia, many other nations they have not very good air, not very good water in the sense of pollution and cleanliness. If you go to certain cities, I'm not going to name cities but I can, if you go to certain cities you can't even breathe and now that air is going up. So if we have a clean -- in terms of a planet, we're talking about a very small, you know, very small distance between China and the U.S. or other countries.

Piers Morgan: So I think there's mutual responsibility.

Donald Trump: No, there is.

Piers Morgan: The question is do you -- do you personally believe in climate change?

Donald Trump: I believe that there's a change in weather and I think it changes both ways. Don't forget it used to be called global warming, that wasn't working. Then it was called climate change, now it's actually called extreme weather because with extreme weather you can't miss. Look, we have a thing now with tornadoes.

Donald Trump: I don't remember tornadoes in the U.S. to the extent but then when you look back 40 years ago we had the worst tornado binge that we've ever had. In the 1890s we had our worst hurricanes and I would say we've had some very bad hurricanes.

Piers Morgan: Were you able to give Prince Charles any comfort that you as a United States president will take him seriously.

Donald Trump: I think I was. Yeah. I think we had a great conversation and it was about, as you would call it, climate change. But yeah, I think we had a very, very good...

Piers Morgan: Have he moved you a little bit?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what moved me is his passion for future generations. He's really not doing this for him. He's doing this for future generations. He really feels. And this is this is real. He believes that. He wants to have a world that's good for future generations.

Piers Morgan: Do you want -- you want that?

Donald Trump: And I do too. And that really -- He doesn't need that. You know he is Prince Charles. He doesn't have to worry about future generations in theory unless he's a very good person who cares about people. And that's what impressed me maybe the most, his love for this world.

Piers Morgan: We're here in the Churchill War Rooms. I mean a remarkable place.

Donald Trump: True.

Piers Morgan: Full of histories, where Churchill declared war on Germany.

Donald Trump: Right.

Piers Morgan: It's where he conducted most of the business of war. He spoke to President Roosevelt from a room here, a private-secret restaurant.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Piers Morgan: How do you feel being here in this center of power. This is the generator, the power, the [Inaudible.

Donald Trump: I think it's incredible because I'm a big fan of Winston Churchill and I studied Winston Churchill and I said, "Where did you make all the phone calls to FDR, to Roosevelt, and President Roosevelt?" And they were showing me. Here's where he made that call. He is -- you know they have everything documented.

Piers Morgan: How did that make you feel to think that could have been you?

Donald Trump: Well it's just an awesome responsibility. I will say being president of the United States, even the way they treated me, I think I have a very good relationship with the people in the United Kingdom. But is it me or is it the country, our country loves your country. I love your country.

Piers Morgan: You were half British aren't you?

Donald Trump: I am half. I've been -- if you think about it, right? And...

Piers Morgan: And do you see similarities in yourself to Winston Churchill.

Donald Trump: Well if I ever said that I would be ridiculed all along. He is a great gentleman. I would certainly like to see similarities but I can't say that but...

Piers Morgan: You didn't see any, really?

Donald Trump: Look. He -- What he did better than...

Piers Morgan: Nobody's -- is swashbuckling style.

Donald Trump: Well, whatever.

Piers Morgan: His fearlessness. He was polarizing.

Donald Trump: Let's just...

Piers Morgan: Just see a bit of Winston in you.

Donald Trump: What I see with him is he was able to handle pressure very well. If you think about a man that handle pressure, he was being bombed, it was over. Hitler was unstoppable at the time. I mean, people forget that at that time Hitler was virtually unstoppable he was going through countries like cheese and he was out there calling Roosevelt, "You gotta get in, you gotta get in.", and then the big moment was Pearl Harbor.

Donald Trump: In fact, I spoke to Prime Minister Abe the other night, I said, "You know, Pearl Harbor actually got us into the war indirectly and we helped Britain." That's when we came in. And Churchill probably knew that before anybody -- Churchill when he heard about Pearl Harbor he said, "Now they're coming into the war finally.

Donald Trump: So there was a big moment.

Piers Morgan: He had an American mother, you have -- you had a British mother and that way you had a link.

Donald Trump: It evens out.

Piers Morgan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It evens out. Now, he was a great man and he was a man that reacted so well under the gun, under a fire, under pressure, and there aren't many people like that. I respect that greatly.

Piers Morgan: Is he a hero of yours?

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah. I mean, I never like to have heroes. I like to respect people. But certainly he would be right up there. He would be somebody that you would most respect. He would certainly be a hero.

Piers Morgan: Who is the American president you'd most identify with?

Donald Trump: Well I always liked Ronald Reagan. I liked him for everything, other than, maybe, trade. I thought trade could have -- It just didn't seem to be enough of a focus and that was when we started doing foolish trade deals, that generation that it really sort of began then. But I thought he had a great way about him.

Donald Trump: His way was incredible. His -- his manner, his bedside manner. That say about a doctor has a great bedside manner. Some doctors do and most of them don't. He had a great  bedside manner.

Piers Morgan: How's your bedside manner?

Donald Trump: I actually think it's a lot better than people would think. We have tremendous support. I just found out we have 94% support in the Republican Party that's higher. Ronald Reagan was the highest at 86 and we have 94%. It just came out of approval, the approval rating.

Piers Morgan: The economy is doing well in America.

Donald Trump: The economy is doing great.

Piers Morgan: Our economy is pretty much stalling in this country because of his ongoing Brexit fiasco as many people see it. The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, apparently wanted to see you declined that kind invitation and you spend the most of today shouting and screaming about you and protesting and saying how awful you are.

Piers Morgan: There is a chance if this goes wrong for the Conservative Party in the next few months he could end up prime minister. Could you imagine actually doing a trade deal with Britain with someone like Jeremy Corbyn as a leader?

Donald Trump: It's always -- it's always possible. Anything's possible. I don't know. He wanted to meet. It was very tough to meet and probably inappropriate to meet, to be honest with you. A lot of things are happening right now with respect to our country and your country, my country ,and let's call him almost the same because I feel that way it's really a tremendous relationship.

Donald Trump: So I don't think it is appropriate to meet him but I would, I certainly would. I'd have no problem with it. I think it's a long shot when you say that, you know, it's not -- I don't think it's going to happen. You have a lot...

Piers Morgan: Notably there seems to me would allow Britain to effectively sell the NHS as part of a trade deal. Would you as the American president see that as a deal breaker if none of the NHS was on the table?

Donald Trump: I don't see it being on the table. Somebody asked me a question today and I say everything's up for negotiation because everything is, but I don't see that being. That's something that I would not consider part of trade. That's not trade.

Piers Morgan: Who do you think is going to win the leadership contest Boris?

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, Boris, who's -- who's doing well. I think Jeremy is doing well. I don't know too many of them but those two have a lot of respect for.

Piers Morgan: Michael Gove?

Donald Trump: I don't know him. I met him last night at the dinner for the first time. I thought he was very good. You have a lot of good people running. I will say this, your next prime minister, whoever it may be, is going to be a very important. You have a very interesting moment in your country's history. Your next -- and I was saying to the Queen last night, the choice of your next prime minister is a very important choice.

Donald Trump: You really have to get it.

Piers Morgan: Prince Charles once told us is veering pro Brexit now. Did he give you that?

Donald Trump: He really is -- He really wants to be and he's openly non-political. The family is non-political. They want to be, they have to be, I think they have to be. I think it's pretty hard for them to go political, right? But he feels we have a lot of -- we have a lot of good choices. I do too. I think you really do have a lot of good choices.

Donald Trump: I think it's very important that you get it right.

Piers Morgan: The the D-Day commemoration this week is hugely important for our -- both our countries and for all allied forces who took part that day. What kind of debt do you think we owe the people who fought on the beaches of Normandy?

Donald Trump: Well, the ultimate debt that was, you know, I was looking at some of these statistics that may have been the greatest battle ever in history. You know you hear so much about different battles not to mention any because they're all important, especially when so many people died in so many of them but there are those that say that was the greatest battle of them all.

Donald Trump: And that was something really incredible and being there is going to be -- being at that site will be very interesting

Piers Morgan: You were not able to serve in Vietnam because of a bone spurs condition in your feet. Do you wish you'd been able to serve? Would you like to serve your country?

Donald Trump: Well I was never a fan of that war. I'll be honest with you, I thought it was a terrible war. I thought it was very far away. Nobody ever, you know, you're talking about Vietnam and at that time nobody ever heard of the country. Today they're doing very well, in fact on trade they are brutal. They're very brutal.

Donald Trump: They're great negotiators, they're great business people but nobody heard of Vietnam and I say, "What are we doing? So many people dying. What is happening over there?" So I was never a fan. This isn't like I'm fighting against Nazi Germany, I'm fighting -- We're fighting against Hitler. And I was like a lot of people.

Donald Trump: I wasn't out in the streets marching. I wasn't saying, you know, "I'm going to move to Canada.", which a lot of people did, but no I was not a fan of that war. That war was not something I should've been involved.

Piers Morgan: Would you like to serve generally [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I would not have minded that at all, I would have been honored but I think I make up for it right now. I -- look $700 billionI gave last year and then this year $716 billion. And I think I'm making up for it rapidly because we're rebuilding our military at a level that it's never seen before.

Piers Morgan: Want to sort of ask you about your -- your military. Is -- this week you tweeted your support for the LGBT community around the world where they're being persecuted or exclude.

Donald Trump: It's terrible.

Piers Morgan: Which does prompt the obvious question if you feel that protective of the LGBT community, why did you feel the need to ban transgender people from serving in the U.S. military?

Donald Trump: Because they take massive amounts of drugs, they have to. And also -- and you're not allowed to take drugs. You're in the military you're not allowed to take any drugs, you take an aspirin. And they have to after the operation. They have to, they have no choice, they have to. And you would actually have to break rules and regulations in order to have that.

Piers Morgan: The cost of the medication is minuscule compared to the overall budget, right? But you said that.

Donald Trump: Yes. Yeah, but you also had the...

Piers Morgan: The U.S. military spends a lot more money, for example, on giving viagra to service men and women, or service men.

Donald Trump: I didn't know that they do.

Piers Morgan: Than it does -- than it does actual medical bills for transgender people. And so it just seems to me an unnecessary thing for a guy who wants to be supportive of LGBT rights and the community around the world that you've taken this action.

Donald Trump: Well it is what it is.. Look, massive amounts. And also, people were going in and then asking for the operation and the operation is $200,000, $250,000 and getting the operation the recovery period is long and they have to take large amounts of drugs after that for whatever reason, but large amounts, and that's not the way it is. I mean, you can't do that.

Donald Trump: So I said, yeah, when it came time to make a decision on that, and because of the drugs, and also because of the cost of the operation and I'm -- people were going in...

Piers Morgan: Some transgender people in the U.S. military have one serious gallantry awards.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Piers Morgan: What do you feel about?

Donald Trump: Well I'm proud of them. I'm proud of them. I think it's great. But you have to have a standard and you have to stick by that standard and we have a great military and I want to keep it that way and maybe they'd be phenomenal. I think they probably would be. But again you have very strict rules and regulations on drugs and prescription drugs and all of these different things and they blow it out of the water.

Piers Morgan: Good points. Just to wrap up, Mr. President, if I may. Lot of war drums beating about Iran. Iran remains a huge issue for you and your administration. What is the situation there and are you considering military action?

Donald Trump: So Iran is a place that was extremely hostile when I first came into office they were in 14 different states between Yemen, Syria, and then many other battle zones. They were behind terrorism in lots of different places. They were a terrorist nation, No. 1 in the world at that time, and probably maybe are today, and they were a funder of terrorism.

Donald Trump: President Obama made a deal, the Iran nuclear deal, which was a terrible deal because it was a short-term deal, didn't do the trick. Paid $150 billion, paid $1.8 billion in cash, if you can believe it, in cash. And I was very much against that. I was very much against the deal. I terminated the deal and Iran is a much different country today.

Piers Morgan: Do you think you will need to take military action?

Donald Trump: There's always a chance. Do I want to? No. I'd rather not. But there's always a chance.

Piers Morgan: And Churchill --Churchill said he always preferred to George all [Sp] to war. You have shown that you're prepared to George all [Sp] with traditional American enemies.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Piers Morgan: Vladimir Putin in Russia.

Donald Trump: Sure. Sure.

Piers Morgan: Kim Jong-un in North Korea. Are you prepared if it comes to it to George or with President Rouhani of Iran?

Donald Trump: You're talking about talk?

Piers Morgan: Yes.

Donald Trump: Yeah of course. I'd much rather talk.

Piers Morgan: You would sit down with him and have a -- have a chat?

Donald Trump: Sure. Sure. And I said that and he said that. He said the other day. He said I'm not looking to go to war with the United States. The only thing is we can't let them have nuclear weapons. I know so much about nuclear weapons. Don't forget, I'm the one that gets trained and has to study this as president.

Piers Morgan: Have you thought about the moment that you...

Donald Trump: No, but I see the damage done. I see the horrible damage done. No, no. I don't want them [Inaudible]

Piers Morgan: I'm going to ask you, I mean, you've had to consider the reality as the U.S. president of actually pressing the nuclear button. Very few people have that responsibility.

Donald Trump: That's right. It's a tremendous response.

Piers Morgan: What do you feel about that responsibility?

Donald Trump: I think it's a terrible responsibility but it's a responsibility I'm prepared to handle. I just...

Piers Morgan: Churchill sat in these very rooms and had to declare war on Germany. Have you thought about the moment if you had to declare war what that would feel like?

Donald Trump: I don't want to have to think about it. But there may be a time when I will have to think about it but I will tell you, Churchill didn't have to worry so much about the nuclear. That was early on. There was wasn't so far down the road, when you think about it. But he was very brave and he did a lot of great move and he was -- I don't think he was given credit certainly after what happened.

Donald Trump: He was given credit later on after death. Much more so than he was after what he did in the war, which is always the problem. I say maybe sometimes you're better off tooting your own horn. I don't think he was given the proper credit certainly during his life. But the nuclear has to be solved. The nuclear is too big a problem it has to be solved.

Piers Morgan: On a personal thing, I know Senator John McCain well. I liked him, I respected him. I quite enjoyed your battle with him when he was alive. You would give it to him, he gave it to you and it went on. It seems a little beneath you, if you don't mind me saying, that now he's dead you're carrying on attacking him.

Piers Morgan: Is it not time to let it go?

Donald Trump: No, I don't attack him. People ask me like you're asking me. I didn't bring his name up, you did.

Piers Morgan: Sure.

Donald Trump: You brought his name up, John McCain. So I'm not attacking him at all. I don't think about him. I was not a fan. I didn't like what he did to health care. I didn't like how he handled the veterans because I got him choice. He was always unable, he was on committees that he could've done...

Piers Morgan: But he's dead as frozen. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, no. Excuse me but, Piers, you're asking me a question.

Piers Morgan: Sure.

Donald Trump: If you don't ask me about John McCain I would never talk to him.

Piers Morgan: I agree.

Donald Trump: Somebody asked me the same question the other day.

Piers Morgan: But I'm asking because you know the battleship thing last week, where you know...

Donald Trump: But I knew nothing about that.

Piers Morgan: I'm not --

Donald Trump: I'm not even sure it happened.

Piers Morgan: I'm not doubting you at all. I'm just saying that somebody clearly said something and it just seems a bit preposterous.

Donald Trump: But here's the thing, I'm not even sure that -- first of all, I didn't know anything about it, but I'm not even sure it happened. Somebody said they're painting the ship and they had tarpaulins and they're painting the ship and they have tarpaulins all over the place. I have no idea if it happened or not.

Donald Trump: I hear it's fake news but maybe it is, maybe it isn't. But again, I don't talk about John McCain unless somebody asks me about him.

Piers Morgan: Final question. 2020 is looming.

Donald Trump: Right.

Piers Morgan: Next election. The economy is doing well in United States.

Donald Trump: Great.

Piers Morgan: Most presidents, who are incumbent presidents, who run again on a good economy get re-elected. Are you confident of winning and do you see anybody, Joe Biden is the clear favorite front runner on the Democrat side, do you see any Democrat that you think potentially might cause you problems and beat you?

Donald Trump: So I'm running on maybe the greatest economy we've ever had. I'm in the midst of a couple of trade negotiations, which I think are going to work out very successfully because we have the cards, I have all the cards, you know with the piggy bank, with a bank that everyone wants to steal from and rob, and when you have that, you have the cards.

Donald Trump: And I do have the cards and I have the cards on Mexico, cleaning up the country, their country so that we don't have the onslaught of millions of people trying to rush our border. So we have a lot of things that I'm working on. They're good things I didn't have to work on and I could have been...

Piers Morgan: Do you see any Democrat that you're worried about?

Donald Trump: I don't see anybody that I would -- This is not -- There is no Winston Churchill in the group. Let me put it that way.

Piers Morgan: You don't see Joe Biden as the new Winston Churchill.

Donald Trump: No, I think that would be a big upset if he was, I tell you. That would be a --that would be a big surprise to a lot of people. No, there's nobody that I see that should be able to win. I -- look, I'm running on the best economy in our history. I've rebuilt our military, I knocked out ISIS, you know, I took it out.

Donald Trump: That doesn't mean people aren't coming around that they're going to blow up their circus because they're crazy. These are crazy people. But when I took over ISIS was all over the place. Now we've taken back 100% of the caliphate. Nobody thought that was possible to do it that quickly. We have an incredible military.

Piers Morgan: One thing you also did. I want to pay you credit for this, because when we spoke in Davos after the Las Vegas mass shooting.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Piers Morgan: I brought up the issue of bump fire stock and why it was legal when it is used to convert legal weapons to illegal ones. And you did ban bump fire stock.

Donald Trump: I ended it. That's right.

Piers Morgan: I don't think you got enough credit for that. There's just been another massacre in Virginia Beach, where the shooter used a silencer. What is your view of silencers.

Donald Trump: I don't like it.

Piers Morgan: Would you like to see those back?

Donald Trump: Well I'd like to think about it. I mean, nobody's talked about silencers very much. I did talk about the bump stock and we had it banned and we're looking at that. I'm going to seriously look at it. I don't love the idea of it. I don't like the idea. What's happening is crazy. It's crazy what's going on with schools and not only in our country, I mean, not only in our country but again...

Piers Morgan: But America has this particular issue with gun violence. You and I discussed this for years.

Donald Trump: Sure, we have.

Piers Morgan: There's been 150 mass shootings in America this year alone.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Piers Morgan: You know, in Britain we have 35 gun deaths a year. In America, today, there'll be 85. Tomorrow 85 and so on.

Donald Trump: But in London you have...

Piers Morgan: What can you do to change the culture?

Donald Trump: But Piers, in London you have stabbings all over.

Piers Morgan: Sure.

Donald Trump: I read an article where everyone's being stabbed.

Piers Morgan: We've had about 50 of stabbings. We've had 50 of murders with knives this year in London.

Donald Trump: Well they said -- they said your hospital is a sea of blood all over the floors.

Piers Morgan: We have a big prob- I'm not going to deny it but probably a knife crime.

Donald Trump: It's a sea of blood and they don't have [Inaudible].

Piers Morgan: What do you think you can do as a president though to change the mindset about gun violence?

Donald Trump: Just talk about it. You have to talk about it. But Piers, when somebody has a gun illegally and nobody else has a gun because the laws are that you can't have a gun those people are gone, they have no choice. They have no chance. They have no chance. It's a very tough subject. But the bad guys are not getting rid of their guns, pretty much everybody agrees with that.

Donald Trump: The people that obey the laws, if there was a law passed, they get rid -- Those people are sitting ducks. You know the one I think about the most is Paris, where there are so many people killed were that wacky group of people, went into the nightclub and they just boom, boom, boom, and they killed like tremendous numbers of people horribly injured, so many were still in the hospital, I read the other day.

Piers Morgan: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, but if we had -- if there was a gun on the other side...

Piers Morgan: Right.

Donald Trump: If one or two or three of those people had a gun...

Piers Morgan: Here's my problem with that argument -- Here's my problem with that argument, more people were shot dead in America that week than have died from guns in Paris since the Second World War.

Donald Trump: I'm just telling you...

Piers Morgan: The stats are so against that argument, aren't they?

Donald Trump: Well what are you going to do? You're going to take the guns away from hunters, you have hunters.

Piers Morgan: No, I think you can have special licenses for hunters.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Piers Morgan: And actually I sort of subscribe to the view of the right to bear arms allowing someone to have a handgun or something of a home thing. I don't understand, never have understood why anyone in America needs a semiautomatic AR-15 assault rifle at home. Why do they need it.

Donald Trump: Well a lot of them use it for entertainment. They do. I mean, it's really...

Piers Morgan: The gun's entertainment?

Donald Trump: For some people it's entertainment. They go out and they shoot and they go to ranges and they have a tremendous amount of fun.

Piers Morgan: Sport shooting and specific hunting with licenses, I get that. What I don't get is the need. This guy in Vegas had 13 at AR-15 assault rifles. He bought 52 guns in one year.

Donald Trump: And he was just sick. And if it wasn't guns he would have done bombs or he would have done something else. He was actually a pretty smart guy. He was supposedly a good successful gambler and there's almost no such thing as a successful gambler. And he went out and he -- what he did was incredible. But he would've done...

Piers Morgan: But you did something. The bump fire -- Mr. President, to give you credit on that again, you did get bump fire stopped fire.

Donald Trump: He used the bump stock.

Piers Morgan: You got it back.

Donald Trump: Right.

Piers Morgan: And that will make a difference. I urge you to carry on doing something on guns.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you.

Piers Morgan: Because I think it would be great if the American gun violence could be reduced in some way.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Piers Morgan: I think we would both agree on that.

Donald Trump: We do.

Piers Morgan: I'd like to end the interview. We have a little gift for you because we're in the Churchill rooms...

Donald Trump: Right.

Piers Morgan: This is where Britain's greatest leader fought the war and he used to wear these famous hats from the hat maker Lock.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful.

Piers Morgan: And so we've had one made for you.

Donald Trump: I like it.

Piers Morgan: This is a Churchill hat. Exactly in the style he used to wear it. We've had it monogrammed with D.J.T.

Donald Trump: I like it.

Piers Morgan: And on behalf of Good Morning Britain and ITV, we would like to present you with a Churchill hat.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Piers. It's -- I never knew that kind of sensibility. That's so beautiful. Are you allowed to do this? He didn't do that.

Piers Morgan: Yeah, I think you can do that.

Donald Trump: He didn't do that. And he definitely didn't do that,right? I know that. Wow.

Piers Morgan: Do you want to try it?

Donald Trump: I'll try it. You know, right, because the one thing I proved by being a politician, it is my hair. They would've found out a long time ago.

Piers Morgan: Did you think you or Boris Johnson has the best hair.

Donald Trump: I don't know but I do think he's a good person. I think it's gonna be a very...

Piers Morgan: Who's the British Trump? Is it Boris or Nigel Farage?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess -- I guess, well Nigel's another one. I like Nigel.

Piers Morgan: Who's the British Trump?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say, I don't want to destroy...

Piers Morgan: Give me one.

Donald Trump: I don't want to destroy anybody's career.

Piers Morgan: If you had a...

Donald Trump: But they're good people. They're good people. And Jeremy's very good. I've gotten to know Jeremy.

Piers Morgan: Jeremy Hunt [Inaudible]. You like Jeremy. You mentioned him a few times.

Donald Trump: I do. No, I think Jeremy is very good. Let me try this on.

Piers Morgan: Please try it on, that'll be great.

Donald Trump: No, it's a little big.

Piers Morgan: That's -- We can get that. I mean, that's fantastic.

Donald Trump: We'll see how that looks. I think -- I think Churchill...

Piers Morgan: So Winston Trump.

Donald Trump: I think -- I think Winston looked much better.

Piers Morgan: Mr. President it's great to see you. Congratulations on a very successful trip.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Piers Morgan: And I wish you all the best at the D-Day commemoration. It was very important for both of us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Piers. Appreciate it.

Piers Morgan: Great to see you.

Donald Trump: Great to be with you. Thank you.