Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-maria-bartiromo-fox-business-march-22-2019

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, thank you so much for joining me.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Maria Bartiromo: Under your administration's policy, we've seen growth in the economy, in jobs, the stock market, but now the rest of the world is slowing. How are you going to keep this elevated growth going?

Donald Trump: Well, I just think it's happening. You look at what's going on with respect to China, our deal is coming along very well; we'll see what happens. But we're taken in billions and billions of dollars for the first time ever against China in the form of tariffs. I'm very happy with that, but I think the deal will probably happen; I think they need it very badly.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever really seen anything quite like what's happening. When we did the Mexico and Canada deal, USMCA, that's going very well. I think that it should get approved pretty quickly by Congress, because it's a great deal. It's a really great deal. NAFTA was to me one of the worst deals I've ever seen as trade.

Donald Trump: I think the WTO is terrible, also, by the way. I think that's a really bad one. But we're doing even better with WTO; we're winning cases all of the sudden, because we never won cases, now we're starting to win cases because they know my attitude. If they don't treat us fairly we get out. And there's a big difference there.

Donald Trump: We're doing a good job. We finished up at 3.1 GDP. Everybody -- you know, that hasn't been done in 14 years, maybe more than that, but 14 years. And I think we have tremendous momentum right now. And you're right, the world is slowing, but we're not slowing. And frankly, if we didn't have somebody that would raise interest rates and do quantitative tightening, we would have been at over four instead of a 3.1.

Maria Bartiromo: And the Fed said this week actually, signaling that we're not going to see any more rate hikes this year. Do you think you influenced that decision partly?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I mean, look, I hope I didn't influence, frankly, but it doesn't matter; I don't care if I influenced or not. One thing, I was right. But we would have been over four if they didn't do all of the interest rate hikes. And they tightened, I mean, they did $50 billion a month. I said, "What are we doing here?" And so I'm not -- 3.1 may be the best in 14 years; I'm not happy with it. We should have had much higher.

Donald Trump: And hopefully now we'll won't do the tightening, because with the world going so, you know, off and with a lot of things happening, you don't do tightening at this time. And we'll see what happens. But we have tremendous potential as a country. Our companies are doing phenomenally well. The earnings are great.

Donald Trump: We have the greatest companies in the world. We're not being treated properly by other countries.

Maria Bartiromo: But things are slowing -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- and I'm straightening that out.

Maria Bartiromo: Things are slowing. So can you keep this growing?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think so. I think we can, and I think other -- maybe others can't, but I think we can, absolutely.

Maria Bartiromo: On China you've got officials headed to Beijing this weekend.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: You said that the tariffs are going to stay in place for a substantial period of time. Is there a snag in these negotiations?

Donald Trump: No, not at all. We have -- if you look at technology and the first $50 billion of goods, we want to keep that and -- because we need that. You know, we have what's called the chicken tax -- you know what that is --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- on the small vans and trucks and different things, and that's a great thing for us, and that has to do with the automobile industry; that's the best segment. People don't know, we get a 25 percent tariff on that segment; that's our best segment by far. And yes, we will absolutely be able to keep it -- not only keep it going, I really think we have tremendous potential.

Donald Trump: The world is going -- the world is going in a little bit the wrong direction, not horribly.

Donald Trump: I think a lot of people are waiting for the deal with China. I think that's going to have a very bit impact, maybe bigger than people know. As to whether or not it makes it, I think it will. I think we're getting very close. That doesn't mean we get there, but I think we're getting very close.

Maria Bartiromo: I'm glad that you mentioned the chicken tax, that 25 percent tariff on European light trucks, because right now the Commerce Department is looking at autos and auto parts and whether or not they pose a national security risk. Do they?

Donald Trump: Well, no. What poses a national security risk is our balance sheet. We have to have -- we need a strong balance sheet. Otherwise you don't have national security. So people are always saying, "Well, what do cars have to do with national security?" When Germany is sending cars and we virtually don't tax them, and yet they won't accept our cars, namely the European Union -- which frankly, treats us as badly as China.

Donald Trump: The numbers are just smaller by a lot -- but you know, we lost, over the course of the last five, six, seven years, $150 billion a year with European Union. They don't take our product. They tax us tremendously. They tariff us tremendously. Almost every country has taken advantage of the United States -- and we're straightening it out.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, but if you slap more tariffs, if you slap tariffs on auto and auto imports, doesn't that affect the global stream of goods? [Crosstalk] Doesn't it shake down the economy -- [Crosstalk] It's expensive. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It does, you know what it does? [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: And -- what's the end game? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what the end game is. They'll build their plants in the United States and they have no tariffs.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, but what if the Europeans come back to you and say, "Mr. President, let's go to zero percent, let's go to no tariffs," are you willing to give up that -- [Crosstalk] -- 25 percent tariff on light trucks?

Donald Trump: No, because a Chevrolet will never sell like a Mercedes sells here. They've offered me that. They said, oh, I have an idea; we'll go -- no. Well, the problem is that the Chevrolet will never be accepted in Europe like the Mercedes is accepted here, so it's not a good deal. I wouldn't do that deal.

Donald Trump: They've offered me that deal.

Maria Bartiromo: So you wouldn't do zero tariffs -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I would do it for certain products, but I wouldn't do it for cars. Because they have BMW, they have Mercedes, they have a lot of very good cars that come in, and they make them here. I want them to make them here. Instead of making them over there, make them here. If you're going to sell them to the Americans, make them here.

Maria Bartiromo: You mentioned -- USMCA. A lot of Democrats have said to me, "I'm not going to vote for it in its current form." Do you have a Plan B if it doesn't pass?

Donald Trump: Maybe go pre-NAFTA. NAFTA's one of the worst deals ever made; one of the worst trade deals ever made, probably the worst and I do include WTO. WTO gave us China in its current form. They're considered, you know, in WTO, a developing nation. We put an end, you know, we've let them know, we're not going to stand for that.

Donald Trump: We let the folks over at the World Trade Organization know, we're not going to stand for that. But -- so think of it, China, India, these are all considered developing nations. We're not a developing nation. They have a big advantage over us. Why didn't people come out strongly against that in past administrations?

Donald Trump: They should have. That's a tremendous advantage. We are not allowing that to happen.

Maria Bartiromo: Let me ask you --

Donald Trump: We've advised them that we are not going to stand for that.

Maria Bartiromo: Let me ask you about social media. You said that many platforms censor conservative speech. You have Congressman Devin Nunes suing Twitter, for the same reason. What, if any regulation do you want to see? How do you want this to end?

Donald Trump: Well, I hate the concept of regulation on media, but it's very unfair. You talk about the word collusion -- the collusion between the Democrats and these people is, it's ridiculous. It's hard to believe I won. If you think about it, I had Facebook, Google, Twitter, everybody against me. I have -- the media is almost totally against me. And yet I won.

Donald Trump: 306 to 223; people can't even believe it. I won. Because I'm able to get the word out through my social media, because I have great social media -- but I'll tell you, it's much tougher than it should be. I deal with Twitter. It's not right the way they do it. I know exactly what they're doing.

Donald Trump: They take people off my account. They make it very hard for people to join.

Donald Trump: I had a time, very recently ago, where I was picking up hundreds of thousands of people in a very short period of time. Now when I pick up -- and I guess I have way over 100 million on the different platforms --

Maria Bartiromo: Wow.

Donald Trump: -- added up; way over 100 million -- but it gives me a voice, because it's a corrupt media. You know I call it "fake media" but it's fake and corrupt. [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: You want to break those companies up.

Donald Trump: And the good news is, you understand that -- and I'm not talking about you, by the way -- but you know that better than anybody -- 93 percent negative news and I think it's worse than that.

Maria Bartiromo: Do you want to break these companies up? [Crosstalk] This is one thing Ted Cruz and Elizabeth Warren agree on -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I don't like the concept of it. I really would like everybody to be free, but they don't treat us the same way as they treat liberal Democrats and others. Because the Democrats actually are becoming a far left party; I mean, they're becoming a radical party. You look at what they want to do with the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: You look at what they want to do with the voting age. Where did that come all of the sudden? The voting age at 16 -- they're becoming radical. They are radicalized.

Donald Trump: You look at this Green New Deal. It's the most preposterous thing. Now I don't want to knock it too much right now, because I -- I really hope they keep going forward with it. You know, frankly, because I think it's going to be very easy to beat.

Maria Bartiromo: I want to get back to the 2020 in a second. But I've got to ask you about the news of the week. You spent a good portion of your time in Ohio the other day trashing John McCain. Senator John McCain is dead. Why are you doing this?

Donald Trump: So it's not a good portion of my time; it's a very small portion. But if you realize about three days ago it came out that his main person gave to the FBI the fake news dossier. It was a fake, it was a fraud, it was paid for by Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. They gave it to John McCain, who gave it to the FBI, for very evil purposes.

Donald Trump: That's not good.

Donald Trump: And the other thing he voted against repeal and replace. Now he's been campaigning for years for repeal and replace. I'm not a fan. After all of this time, think of this repeal and replace, we would have had great healthcare.

Maria Bartiromo: But Mr. President, he's dead, he can't punch back. I know you punch back, but he's dead.

Donald Trump: No. I don't talk about it. People ask me the question. I didn't bring this up. You just brought it up. You asked the question.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, you talked about it this week.

Donald Trump: You asked me the question. When I went out yesterday to the scrum -- they asked me the question. When they ask me the question, I answer the question. But you people bring it up. I don't bring it up. I'm not a fan. He was horrible, what he did with repeal and replace. It was -- what he did to the Republican Party and to the nation and to sick people that could have had great healthcare, it's not good.

Donald Trump: So I'm not a fan of John McCain, and that's fine.

Maria Bartiromo: Do you feel a responsibility as president to bring the nation together? Are you -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I do, I do. And I think I am, in a certain way, bringing it together. I can tell you that a big portion of this nation is united like it's never been united before. You look at our economy. You look at jobs. You look at African American -- the lowest in the history of our country, unemployment numbers, the best numbers they've ever had.

Maria Bartiromo: But that's what I'm saying.

Donald Trump: Hispanic. You look at Asian. You look at women; the best in 65 years -- best numbers in 65 years. I think I am bringing it together. I think I'm bringing it together --

Maria Bartiromo: Not by talking about John McCain.

Donald Trump: I just said, you brought up a question, Maria. I didn't bring it up. I didn't mention John McCain until you asked me a question about John McCain. Now I could say I have no comment, but that's not me. But you shouldn't have brought it up. Actually I thought you weren't supposed to bring it up, but that's OK. You know, fake news every once in a while.

Maria Bartiromo: No. It's not fake news. You just told me why you have an issue with him. It's real news --

Donald Trump: I have a very, a very serious issue. He handed something to the FBI on me. He knew it was a fake. He handed it to the FBI. That's an issue.

Maria Bartiromo: And now we're going to get the -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Repeal and replace of Obamacare. He campaigned for years. That's an issue. But I didn't bring it up, Maria, you did. [Interview broadcast in two parts. First part ends here.]

Maria Bartiromo: And now we're going to get the Mueller Report. What are you expecting?

Donald Trump: Well, it's always interesting to me because a deputy that didn't get any votes appoints a man that didn't get any votes -- he's going to write a report on me. I had one of the greatest election victories in history. Would you say that's true?

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, absolutely.

Donald Trump: They came from the valleys, they came from the rivers, they came from the cities, they came from all over. They voted in one of the greatest elections in the history of our country. And now I have a man, that because we have an Attorney General, who nobody can even believe, that he didn't tell me but he recused himself.

Donald Trump: So I have a man who is a deputy, who I don't know -- who I didn't know at all, and he appoints a man who had just left my office. I didn't give him the job at the FBI, Comey's his best friend --

Maria Bartiromo: No, we cover it every Sunday.

Donald Trump: Well, wait a minute. Listen. And you know better than anybody, you've been very fair to me in this -- but think of it. I have a deputy, appoints a man to write a report on me, to make a determination on my presidency. People will not stand for it. Now, with all of that being said, for two years we've gone through this nonsense-- cause there's no collusion with Russia, you know that better than anybody.

Donald Trump: And there's no obstruction. They'll say, oh, well, wait. There was no collusion; that was a hoax. But he obstructed in fighting against the hoax. OK? Think about that one for a second.

Maria Bartiromo: And at the same time, the same group is running the Hillary Clinton investigation -- [Crosstalk] And now we've heard from Lisa Page testimony, which was released, that the Obama Department of Justice suggested -- we're not going to bring charges, so get off of this. So during the campaign I remember you said "Look it's time to get away from Hillary Clinton.

Maria Bartiromo: Let's forget about this now." Do you still feel that way? Or do you think you want to see accountability here, given the fact that now we know that the DOJ, under Obama, did say "We're not going to bring charges to the FBI?"

Donald Trump: That's a great question. So when I won, I made my opening speech, everyone's shouting, "Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!" I said, "No, no, no, let's forget her. Let's get onto the future." But they have treated me so viciously, and they have treated me so badly and we did nothing wrong -- you look at the others -- and all of these people you hear about, that had nothing to do with Russia, Russia collusion, nothing.

Donald Trump: It's all a big hoax. It's a witch hunt, and it's a hoax.

Donald Trump: So you asked me a question. It's a very interesting question. The way they've treated me -- and we have found many crimes on the other side -- these are stone cold crimes, what they've done, between the deletion of 33,000 emails and many, many other things -- Comey's lying, all of the Brennan lying, the lies to Congress -- and these are just absolute lies to Congress.

Donald Trump: Clapper lied to Congress. Nobody does anything. If somebody -- they all say Flynn -- I don't -- anything about what he said, but the FBI said he didn't lie. Mueller said he did lie. So what's that all about? And then they destroy a man who is a General and a respected man for many years. They've treated -- we have been treated very, very unfairly.

Donald Trump: All because Jeff Sessions didn't have a clue. OK? [Crosstalk] And recused himself.

Maria Bartiromo: And will William Barr follow this? Will he seek truth? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I think -- look, I have a lot of respect for him. I've never known him. He's a very, very smart, respected man. Hopefully he'll do what's fair.

Maria Bartiromo: And now --

Donald Trump: All I can ask is what's fair.

Maria Bartiromo: Mueller is going to drop the report. The Southern District is on you. There's these other investigations by the Democrats. Are you -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, you know, they say there are lots of things, but I don't know about these things, okay, just so you understand. Everyone says this one, that -- I don't even know about this. I called -- I said to my lawyers, are we being looked at here -- they don't even know what people are talking about. There's so much fake news out there, it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: If you look over the past two years, how many breaking news stories was there about me that turned out to be nonexistent? So many of them.

Maria Bartiromo: How are you going to get anything done with all of this- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: This should never happen to another president. What happened to me. They came up with an excuse for losing an election. This should never happen to another president, because most presidents wouldn't be able to take it. I know the politicians, I know the president, I know what we're dealing with. Most people wouldn't be able to take it.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you something, Maria. What happened to me should never happen to another President of The United States. Because I depend on this right here, mind, not other people.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: And what they've done is a fraud. It's a fake. It's a witch-hunt. It should never happen to another president.

Maria Bartiromo: Is there anything you see that you would like to work with the Democrats on in this next two years?

Donald Trump: Yes. We could work on a lot. We could work on a lot and I think the easiest thing, frankly, of all -- I could have started it with number one, but I wanted to get the tax cuts, which we got. The easiest thing is infrastructure. They want it, I want it; I spoke to Nancy Pelosi about it the other day. We agree on it. We even like the type, I think, we like the type of infrastructure we're talking about.

Donald Trump: Maybe in a certain way more Democrat, from my standpoint, than the Republican concept; private/public. I like, frankly, owning our own roads, owning our bridges. I don't like selling them to other countries -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: But is it even feasible? They don't want you to have any victory.

Donald Trump: I think it's very feasible because I think they want to do it. I mean, Nancy Pelosi told me very strongly they want to do infrastructure. And we have other things we can do, too. I think we should do something on immigration. Immigration's a total disaster in this country.

Donald Trump: We have laws that are so bad; people pouring in. I'll tell you what, border security, border patrol, what they've done is incredible; the job they're doing -- the job that ICE is doing. What they're doing, without the protection and the ability to have a wall. Now -- and by the way, we're building a lot of wall right now.

Donald Trump: You know that. We're building the wall and it's going up fast, big, strong, looks good, not the horrible thing that they were building before I got here. We're building the wall now. We're going to have a lot of wall built pretty soon. But if you don't have that, you can't have border security.

Maria Bartiromo: Who do you want to go up against in 2020?

Donald Trump: So you have people saying a lot of weird things. You know, I hear not only the Green New Deal, but so many others -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Medicare for all. Attacks on wealth.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you have --

Maria Bartiromo: Seventy percent tax rates.

Donald Trump: You have Beto, so you have Beto. And Beto comes out and he says, "Let's take down the wall." If you ever took down the wall, this country would be overrun. OK? And we put up a lot of wall, like in San Diego -- it's so interesting, these California -- so in San Diego, they're begging me to do the wall.

Donald Trump: I end up doing the wall, and then I see the Governor of California criticizes me for the wall. They're begging me to do it. So if you don't have it -- and they know this better than -- it's all a political deal. It's all politics. But -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: You want to run against Beto?

Donald Trump: -- My attitude is, I wouldn't mind. I mean, I'd love to have Biden. I'd love to have Bernie, I'd love to have Beto. I mean, Beto seems to be the one the press has chosen. The press seems to have chosen Beto.

Maria Bartiromo: Is this socialism versus capitalism?

Donald Trump: When I watch Beto, I say we could dream about that. But whatever it is -- no, I think it's competence. I think it's somebody -- look. When I first ran, I was never a politician -- I ran, I ran on a certain platform. I've done far more than I said I was going to do. When you look at the tax cuts, when you look at the regulation cuts -- more than any other president, when you look at all -- and it's the biggest tax cut -- you look at anywhere -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Well that's why we saw growth

Donald Trump: You look at even a thing like Right to Try, where people can now use -- they're terminally ill, and they can use medicines that we've developed but that aren't out, by signing a simple document.

Donald Trump: They used to travel to Asia, to Europe, all over the world to try and get a cure. You look at so many things that I've done for the veterans -- choice, accountability; they never thought you'd have accountability. You couldn't fire anybody if they treated our vets badly. Now you have accountability.

Donald Trump: Veteran's Choice, where if they have to wait two weeks in line or they have to wait two days --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- they can go out now, Maria, and see a private doctor and we pay for that doctor.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, let me end on the Golan Heights because you tweeted about this today. In Israel you said it was time for the U.S. to recognize Israel's sovereignty and the Golan Heights. Why now? Why did you send that out now?

Donald Trump: I've been thinking about doing it for a long time. It's been a very hard decision for every president. No president has done it. They've all -- this is very much like Jerusalem; moving the embassy to Jerusalem. I did that. And I fully understand why every -- Clinton and Bush and Obama; everybody campaigned on Jerusalem and the embassy going to Jerusalem.

Donald Trump: I even got the embassy built, by the way, very inexpensively.

Donald Trump: But they all campaigned on it, they never did it, and I understand why. Because when I got elected, I also campaigned on it; when I got elected, I was inundated with calls from all over the world. The leaders, mostly the leaders saying, "Please, don't do it. Don't do it." I did it. And it's been done and it's fine.

Donald Trump: Golan Heights is the same thing. For years other presidents have campaigned; they said they'd do it. This is sovereignty, this is security, this is about regional security.

Maria Bartiromo: It's not about Netanyahu's re-election?

Donald Trump: No, I don't -- I wouldn't even know about that. I wouldn't even know about that. I have no idea. I hear he's doing OK. I don't know if he's doing great right now. But I hear he's doing OK. But I would imagine the other side; whoever's against him is also in favor of what I just did. Every president has said, "Do that." I'm the one that gets it done.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, thanks so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.