Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jackie-nespral-wtvj-nbc6-miami-december-7-2019

Donald Trump: There she is.

Jackie Nespral: Mr. President. Good to see you again.

Donald Trump: It's an honor.

Jackie Nespral: It's an honor for me.

Donald Trump: Come on, okay.

Jackie Nespral: Thank you for the opportunity.

Donald Trump: Thank you. You've been so nice.

Jackie Nespral: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, we'd say, "I'll pass." [Laughs]

Jackie Nespral: I know. OK?

Jackie Nespral: Mr. President, first of all thank you for the opportunity.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jackie Nespral: Florida obviously is important for you. And now we can say welcome home to Florida because it's your permanent residence after changing from New York. And you've made several campaign stops here including today the Israeli American Council. All roads to the White House have to go through Florida. How important is Florida for you?

Donald Trump: Well it's very important and you have a great new governor and you have, as you know, some really fantastic people down here that I like and that have been friends of mine for a long time and I'm moving to Florida, as you know, I've already moved to Florida. And it's just a great state. We've been very successful in Florida in many ways and certainly politically we won the state and quite easily.

Donald Trump: And we're doing even better now. And Florida is having the best year it's ever had. So we're very happy about it. But I love this state. I love the people.

Jackie Nespral: We have to talk about impeachment. Nancy Pelosi has begun the process of drafting the articles of impeachment. You said that if it's going to happen let it happen fast so that it can get to the Senate. What's your strategy in the Senate?

Donald Trump: It was not a strategy, we did nothing wrong. We had a great conversation with a man from another country. It was a perfect conversation as you probably know if you read the -- the, you know, they transcribed it, I guess you'd call it a transcription of the conversation and it was an absolutely perfect conversation.

Donald Trump: It is ridiculous, it's a hoax, it's just a continuation of the same witch hunt. We have tremendous Republican support. I guess nobody's ever had support like this it seems like everybody. And the Senate, likewise, we have tremendous support and it's ridiculous what they're doing and you see the poll numbers have gone through the roof for me. And especially in the swing states and what they're doing is just wrong.

Donald Trump: It's a very terrible thing that they're doing for the country. Very unfair to the country and in the meantime she's not doing anything. I mean, she's going to go down as the no nothings speaker because nothing gets done. She's not even passing USMCA, which is the big deal between Canada and the United States, and Mexico and the United States, and it's it's a very sad thing for our country.

Donald Trump: But they have no idea what they're doing. I mean, they're just -- they're getting nothing done and they're focused on this and it's based on a telephone conversation that was absolutely perfect.

Jackie Nespral: Are you concerned at all?

Donald Trump: And I knew everybody was listening to the conversation. Many people were on that conversation. Secretary of State etc. etc. And if you take the -- if you listen to the conversation it's like absolutely perfect.

Jackie Nespral: Are you concerned at all when this gets to the Senate?

Donald Trump: No, no.

Jackie Nespral: If it gets to the Senate.

Donald Trump: I'm not concerned at all. It should never get to the Senate. It's a disgrace, it's a hoax, it's a hoax. And they know they're going to lose. They're losing very big in just about every state, I guess, every state that really counts in terms of what the election's all about. And I guess this is what they have to do. But it's -- it's a bad thing for our country very bad.

Jackie Nespral: Big news today: An American that was held hostage captive in Iran was released. We know here, we're very close to the situation because of Robert Levinson who's also --

Donald Trump: We were working on too.  We're working on too. She was like a long time ago.

Jackie Nespral: What can you tell us about the negotiations to release that -- the man held up?

Donald Trump: Well we negotiated with Iran and it was a successful negotiation and we did a swap and we got a person back, a -- really a Princeton graduate and a graduate student, a very good person, was not a spy. They said he was a spy. He was not a spy. We got him back and I think maybe, very importantly, it shows that we can maybe spend a little time with Iran and get something done.

Donald Trump: You know, right now Iran is having a hard time having riots in their streets and a lot of problems. I ended the deal as you know the Iran nuclear deal, which was a disaster for this country and should have never been made by the Obama administration but the hostage was taken during the Obama years and it was the hostage was brought back during the Trump years, so we're very happy to have him back a young man that did nothing wrong.

Jackie Nespral: Are you working on Robert Levinson's case as well?

Donald Trump: We are. The difficulty there was -- was so long ago and he wasn't very well even long ago. But we're getting certain signals that he may be -- he may be alive and we have it should have been brought back when President Obama gave $150 billion and 1.8 billion in cash to Iran. That's when he should have been brought back.

Donald Trump: But they didn't get him back. So we are working on it very hard.

Jackie Nespral: Michael Bloomberg in the race for the White House spending a lot of money on ads. What kind of impact do you think that will have on the election?

Donald Trump: I don't think much. I mean, it just doesn't look like he's catching on he's very low in the polls. I don't think he has what it takes. I mean, I know him well I know for a long time I don't see it for this kind of an election. I look at some of the other candidates in his only hope is you'll look at some of the other candidates and you say why wouldn't he win.

Donald Trump: But no I don't think Michael has what it takes.

Jackie Nespral: And finally what we do for Christmas with the family?

Donald Trump: Well we'll probably be down at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach and we'll also be going around to see our soldiers. I just got back from Afghanistan. I went to Iraq previously and we'll be spending some time with some great soldiers, maybe in this area maybe beyond.

Jackie Nespral: Happy Holidays.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.