Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-100am-wzfg-fargo-north-dakota-scott-hennen-march-4-2019

Scott Hennen: Here we are at the White House with the President of United States, Donald J. Trump, welcoming most of North Dakota today. Well, at least our national champion Bisons. Thank you for that.

Donald Trump: Well, it was an honor and I'll tell you, that's a great team. And, I just met some very large people, and, great people and champions, most importantly, they're great champions and, you can be very proud. And when I -- when I heard about this, actually, John Hoeven came in, and Kevin Cramer, and they wanted to know if -- if we could host.

Donald Trump: We held a beautiful little ceremony for Clemson, as you know, and national champions. And, I said, absolutely, because I happened to see that final game, and I said that team is good. That's a good team, from North Dakota. And I also love the state. I love the people of the state. We've had great luck there.

Donald Trump: I was very happy to see Kevin get elected, in a very  -- a very big sweep. He really did a great job. So you have two great senators, and you now have a really wonderful congressman. And your governor too. I mean we have -- you've got a great group of people, a great group of people, and it's a very special place.

Scott Hennen: Well, you know we battle West Virginia for the highest approval for the year for the -- for the Trump administration.

Donald Trump: I know you do. You do. But I -- I was there a lot. And I like the state, I like the people a lot.

Scott Hennen: They like you, I talk to them every day. I have a program that -- that covers most of the upper Midwest, but a lot of our listeners are North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota and, two and half hours a day, and you can get a pretty good pulse of the people, and I'll have to I -- I have to tell you: they are irritated at the swamp, because it fails to give you the credit you deserve for the policies, and -- and really have your back in many, many ways.

Scott Hennen: I hope you know that. Let me ask you what --

Donald Trump: I do know that about North Dakota. I do, actually, and it is a swamp and it's a disgrace. When you look at all these witch hunts and just -- there's nothing with Russia. So now they -- you've probably heard the senator -- Senator Byrd came out from the Senate Intelligence. He said We see nothing, no collusion.

Donald Trump: This is after two years. We see no collusion. There is no collusion, and they knew there was no collusion two years ago. It's all a hoax. And the people of North Dakota know it, and frankly the people of the country know. The Democrats know it too but they just don't want to say it.

Scott Hennen: Which accomplishment of yours do you think is most underreported? Well, I mean if you had to pick one where you're really getting a raw deal, what would it be?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd say the economy. You know we're setting records every day. You never hear anything about it on television. I mean, look at how well North Dakota's doing. We're -- where you've had very bad days before me. The economy is doing phenomenally. Unemployment's at the all time low. You look at Hispanic or African-American or Asian or women or so many others.

Donald Trump: I mean, historic lows, and, you know, I think the economy would be a thing that's not very reported. But they don't report anything if it's positive. You know, they don't report -- and if it is positive, they try and make it negative. So, we have a very negative press, but fortunately we have a brilliant population that understands it, or I wouldn't be standing here talking to you.

Scott Hennen: One area that hasn't gone so well of late is the farm economy, and the farmers and ranchers are in a world of hurt. Prices, and obviously a little tumult with the trade negotiations. I hear nibbles of good news. What do you want the farmers and ranchers of North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota to know?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, they're great patriots and they are with me all the way. They know we've been taken advantage of by China in particular, but by many countries, not just China. We're doing Mexico. We're doing Canada. I mean Canada's been really taking advantage of this country for many years. People just didn't know it. But China is the big one.

Donald Trump: And we are being very tough on China, with billions and billions of dollars of tariffs, and lots of other things. Their economy is not good right now. I guess a lot of people would blame me for that, because the Chinese economy is not good, because people are realize that they're gonna have to pay up, and the biggest beneficiary is going to be the farmer, and the farmers know that.

Donald Trump: In fact, just -- a meeting last week with the Vice Premier of China. He said he's going to buy tremendous amounts of soybean, even before we do the deal. You probably heard about that. I hope you did through --  through Sonny, who's your great -- Sonny Perdue, your great agricultural commissioner -- Secretary.

Donald Trump: He's been so fantastic. So we're taking care of our farmers. But what I love about the farmers, they said we know that it's been a horrible thing, Mr. President. Set it right. We'll sort of suffer through this with you, and they stopped buying, and everything else. They want to make a deal so badly, you wouldn't believe it. And so, we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: But they're already back to buying from our farmers, and if we get the deal done, it will be purchases like never in our history. Not even close.

Scott Hennen: One final question for you about the wall. I got an e-mail this morning -- or text this morning -- from John in Carrington, North Dakota, and John said: tell the president we have a company by the name of Fisher Industries, could build that wall a mile a day, and you have a letter from, or, you don't have a letter but you're -- your Homeland Security Secretary does, Kirstjen Nielsen, has a letter from Senator Cramer saying the Corps is setting you up for failure, essentially.

Scott Hennen: That they're not building this wall fast enough, and now they've shut down until November, and this company is ready to go. What, and again -- everybody's worried that, you know, the typical government bureaucracy, sort of like that ice rink in -- in Central Park.

Donald Trump: That was -- that was a good one. We did it in three months, and it was under construction for eight years, and it's a very similar thing. Well, I will say this. The Corps working very hard. It is a different kind of a thing. We're buying, and we're buying at a much better clip. I want to take a look at that letter, because I agree with you.

Donald Trump: I think you could do it much faster. But the Corps is working very, very hard, and it's all intertwined with everything else, and it is more complicated, actually, than just a wall. We had to do certain things. We had to hold back rivers, like the Rio Grande. We had to hold back waters, and a lot of different things with -- so we had to build small dams all over the place.

Donald Trump: But we are actually doing a lot, and we're going to have a couple of hundred miles built in the not-too-distant future. We're really moving along quickly. But I'm going to take a look at that letter, because you know what? If I can get somebody in there that could really do something very quickly, I'm okay with that, and I'll bet you that person could, because I agree with that person.

Scott Hennen: They were about one of seven of the finalists, so they're a respectable company, doing it -- doing it in many other places.

Donald Trump: I want to take a look at that letter. If you would get it to me I would like it.

Scott Hennen: I might have brought it along for you.

Donald Trump: Good. [Laughter] Give it to me. Don't give it to somebody else. If you give it to somebody else, I won't get it.

Scott Hennen: I understand how that works. Anyway, thanks again for your -- your love for North Dakota. We appreciate that very much, and for hosting this team.

Donald Trump: Good thank you. And I love the team. What a group of people.

Scott Hennen: Take care.

Donald Trump: What a group of people. Great champions. Thank you very much. It's an honor to have them the White House. Thank you.

Scott Hennen: Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you Scott. You've been such a good friend. Appreciate it.