Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-maria-bartiromo-fox-sunday-morning-futures-april-28-2019

Maria Bartiromo: Welcome back. We are coming to you live this morning from the border of El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Mexico. Joining us right now on the telephone is the President of the United States, President Donald Trump joining me right now. And Mr. President, thank you so much for calling in this morning.

Donald Trump: Well thank you, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, we're on the border here and while we were standing here, Mr. President, we saw at least three groups -- different groups that crossed the border illegally and were apprehended, why are these numbers soaring so much today?

Donald Trump: Well people are pouring up because our economy is so good. I mean, unfortunately, it's the only bad part about what we're doing because everybody wants a piece of it and they're willing to come up and take the risk and this tremendous danger and our laws are so bad, the combination of having a great economy and having the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the world by far, and we have catch and release and we have chain migration and a visa lottery.

Donald Trump: We have things nobody in their right mind would have. We're trying to get rid of them, the Democrats won't do it. We need some Democrat votes. We're unanimous with the Republicans but we need some Democrat votes and they go out of their way to allow these people to come in. And when you get cute, when you get tough, when you do all of these things that we have to do, they end up arresting border patrol people.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace to our country what's going on. The worst immigration laws ever. Incompetent. They're there for a long time. When -- when they used to separate children, which was done during the Obama administration, with Bush, with us, with everybody, far fewer people would come and we've been on a humane basis, was pretty bad.

Donald Trump: We -- we go out and we stop the separation. The problem is you have 10 times more people coming up with their families. It's like Disneyland now. You know, before you'd get separated so people would say let's not go up. Now you don't get separated and, you know, while that sounds nice and all, what happens is you have -- literally you have 10 times more families coming up because they're not going to be separated from their children, so it turned out to be a --

Maria Bartiromo: That's right, yes.

Donald Trump: -- just incentive that is obviously a disaster. It's a disaster. You have --

Maria Bartiromo: And -- and -- and --

Donald Trump: -- people coming up with many children and --

Maria Bartiromo: -- we've seen it firsthand.

Donald Trump: -- now we know -- we know where everybody is and we're moving people out so fast. The problem is we have to register them, we have to bring them to court. Another country just says sorry, you can't come into our country and they walk them out. In our country you have to bring them to court, you have to have Perry Mason involved, I mean, you know, it's all legal.

Donald Trump: You have lawyers standing at the border, our people, lawyers, wise guys standing at the border, signing people up. Every time they catch a cold they try and blame Border Patrol. It's a disgrace what's going on and it -- it could be solved in -- in 15 minutes if the Democrats would give us the votes, it would be over.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. Well --

Donald Trump: We're building a lot of wall. We're going to have 400 miles of wall up by the end of next year. So the wall is going to be -- it's going to be great.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's going to be the top of the line, too. I got it done. The top of the line. [Break in Interview for Commercial]

Donald Trump: What we need is new laws that don't allow this so when somebody comes in we say sorry, you got to go out. We don't need a court system, we have a court system that is -- has 900,000 cases behind it. In other words, they have a court which needs to hear 900,000 cases, how ridiculous is this?

Donald Trump: This has been building up from years, from many years. And it's just -- it's just a system that Congress can fix, Maria, and they don't get off their ass. And it's the Democrats that could solve it so quickly because we're going to have all the infrastructure soon, I'll have the wall up, I mean by the end of the next year most of the wall is going to be up. Where you are where the wall ends, that's part of the wall that we're building, in other words where the wall ends that's the weak spot, it's like water.

Donald Trump: They come through the weak spots.

Maria Bartiromo: That's exactly right.

Donald Trump: But a lot of those are being taken care of.

Maria Bartiromo: So Senator Lindsey Graham --

Donald Trump: They'll all be taken care of fairly quickly, I mean despite the fact that it's like pulling teeth dealing with the Democrats, I have to go different routes to get money. It's lucky I'm good at doing that as being a developer, I used to build buildings, good times, bad times, you build buildings. And getting money in bad times, well this is -- this is great times, but getting money for a wall -- they give me money for anything I want but as long as it has the word wall they don't want to do it. But I have the money, I'm building the wall.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, exactly, exactly.

Donald Trump: And frankly if they would change the laws it would be a whole different scene down there it could happen so quickly.

Maria Bartiromo: So realistically, Mr. President, when would you expect that because Senator Lindsey Graham came on this show two weeks ago and said look, I'm going to come back from recess, I'm going to put together a package, I'm going to work with the President to change these loopholes and change the immigration laws.

Maria Bartiromo: Do you see that happening in 2019?

Donald Trump: Yes, Lindsey's been great, we have a package of things that we're asking for and we're actually going for a much bigger package than -- rather than those little things which are not little at all in terms of their importance, but we're making a plan where we really talk about immigration laws on a much larger scale.

Donald Trump: And we also have a plan for people coming in, because you know, we have so many companies coming into the United States because of my plan and because of our tax cuts and the tax plan, it's called really tax cut and jobs plan, we have so many companies -- you know it better than anybody, you cover it better than anybody, you saw the numbers yesterday, 3.2 percent GDP.

Donald Trump: Nobody believed it, even you were surprised I'm so disappointed in you, you were surprised, you just don't know me well enough yet I guess. But one of those -- but we have such great numbers and we have companies pouring in. The problem is we need workers and we're doing a plan based on merit where people come in, Maria, based on merit so they can help us. They have skills, they have talent.

Donald Trump: We have people coming in under these crazy laws that -- I mean under these crazy laws that -- I mean if they -- if they need welfare or if they need hand outs in the next 50 years, they -- they're almost incentivized. Those are the people that we're supposed to be taking and we take as few as possible of them, I'll tell you.

Maria Bartiromo: Well that's exactly right.

Donald Trump: But the way the laws are, it's brutal. And they start arresting border patrol people and these incredible people that are doing such a good job, if they want to do anything and if they want to be a little bit cute. It is really a disaster. Whoever approved this stuff...

Maria Bartiromo: I...

Donald Trump: ...Had no common sense or they hated our country, one or the other.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, let me tell you -- Mr. President, I know you have to run. But, you know, all of the 2020 contenders who want to run against you in 2020, you haven't heard a peep out of them about this. Beto O'Rourke is actually from El Paso. I don't know what he's done about this problem. And then, of course, you've got Bernie and now you've got Joe Biden.

Maria Bartiromo: They're not characterizing this as a crisis, sir.

Donald Trump: So Beto O'Rourke wants to take down the wall, so that means he's finished, I mean he was finished two weeks ago when he started saying certain very stupid things. Beto O'Rourke has been exposed. I think Biden has been exposed, I don't know what the hell happened to Biden, I never saw that before. I've -- I don't know, it just doesn't look like the same Biden.

Donald Trump: I said is that really Joe Biden? He doesn't look the same to me. I've known him for a long time, I've seen him for a long time. I said what happened to him? So he's -- he's been exposed because he's very weak. He doesn't want to talk about this. No but they don't want to talk about this, I don't -- I don't get what their plan is. Do they want to let people in that shouldn't be here, because we have people that are trying to get in that shouldn't be here.

Donald Trump: Think of the word apprehend, the border security is apprehending 100,000 people a month, do you know how many people that is? It's incredible the job they do. The problem is with these laws, we should be able to take him right out. We can't. We have to bring them into a court, whoever heard of that?

Maria Bartiromo: I know.

Donald Trump: We're the only country in the world that I know of that has a courts system and it's a -- it's a mobile court system, I mean it is on the border and with all of these cases, 900,000 cases, you need to do 900,000 -- you'd need 100,000 lawyers. I mean it's the craziest thing you've ever seen.

Maria Bartiromo: Yeah.