Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-whio-dayton-ohio-molly-koweek-september-22-2019

Molly Koweek: Hi there. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: How are you? Nice to see you.

Molly Koweek: -- Molly Koweek with WHIO. Thank you so much for taking the time to talk to us.

Donald Trump: Good. Very good. Absolutely. I hope you got to see that. It was a great crowd.

Molly Koweek: Absolutely. Ready to get started?

Unidentified: Yup. [Inaudible]

Molly Koweek: This has been a really tough summer for people in the Miami Valley. Of course we had 15 tornadoes on Memorial Day, then the Oregon District mass shooting. What are you doing to work toward solutions in this country?

Donald Trump: Well, we're dealing now with Democrats who, frankly, are -- I wish they'd be a little bit more dedicated to getting something done instead of wasting a lot of time, but we're dealing very strongly, and we're trying to come up with a solution. At the same time, we have to protect our Second Amendment. We can't let the guns be taken away from good people, but we want to be -- have them taken away from crazy people or bad people.

Donald Trump: And, so, we're really working very hard to come up with a solution. But we wish the Democrats really would get to work.

Molly Koweek: Can you give us any specifics on what those solutions might look like?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd rather not, because I don't want to throw a wrench into the ointment. We are doing pretty well. We have a lot of good ideas. We want to -- look it's a very simple thing: we have to protect the Second Amendment. At the same time, bad people sick people we don't want them to have guns.

Molly Koweek: Why was it so important for you to come here to Wapakoneta to Pratt Industries?

Donald Trump: Because Anthony Pratt, who is one of the most successful men in the world, said if I get elected, he's going to spend $10 billion in the United States building things, and he built this incredible plant, just opening now. A lot of jobs. A lot of investment. He'll be spending at least $2 billion just in this area.

Donald Trump: And, I felt I owed it to him. I just left, as you know, Prime Minister Modi, and it was, it was really fantastic. We were in Houston. I also left the floods in Houston, around the Houston area. So, we started off early in the morning with the floods, and working with, not only FEMA, but with the Coast Guard, who's been really incredible, the job they've done.

Donald Trump: They've saved many lives. And then went over to the Houston arena -- they had 59,000 people in honor of India -- Prime Minister Modi, and then we got on the plane, and we came over here, and this was a promise I made, that if he gets a big plant like this done, I'll be here no matter what it is. So it could be a Sunday evening, and that's okay with me.

Molly Koweek: What is Ohio manufacturing mean to the rest of the country?

Donald Trump: Well, I think what it means is how well it's doing. You know, you're having the best year you've ever had. You have a great governor. He's doing a fantastic job, Mike, and we're very proud of him, and your lieutenant governor, and they're just doing really great things, coupled with the fact that we're helping them an awfully lot with the economy.

Donald Trump: I mean, jobs are pouring into the United States like they haven't in many, many decades, and we're doing well. I think Ohio has had its best year, the best year it's ever had.

Molly Koweek: Why do you say that?

Donald Trump: Well, just the numbers I mean, the numbers, the unemployment numbers, are the best, and actual overall employment numbers are so good. It's just -- look, it's been a great state. It's very important to me. Ohio is a very important state to me.

Molly Koweek: In 2016 -- Ohio was a swing state --

Donald Trump: Right.

Molly Koweek: -- why do Ohioans need -- deserve your vote this year, in this upcoming election?

Donald Trump: Well, I think when you look at how well Ohio is doing, it's never done as well as it's doing right now. Here we are with this billion dollar plant, and others planned, by a man who really can go anywhere -- he can go to Australia and do something in Australia too. But, he's from Australia -- but he made a promise to me that if he -- if he won, he was going to spend billions of dollars in the United States.

Donald Trump: So, this is something special. I actually did want to see the plant too. It's incredible. It's incredible. They take waste. They take literally paper waste and they make it into world-class, you know, high-quality cardboard and paper. It's incredible what they do.

Molly Koweek: One last question: what is your message for people in the Miami Valley?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to just continue to do great. You had the -- some problems with -- I mean, it was just a sad, sad situation. But they're starting to come out and do numbers like they've never seen. The job numbers are like you haven't seen, and we're taking people that haven't been employed for many years, and they're working.

Donald Trump: But we're working on all the negative things that happen in the country -- throughout the country, and we're making a lot of negatives into tremendous positives. Drugs are way down in the country, and drug prices are coming down -- prescription drug prices are coming down. So, we're working very hard and we're really working very hard for Ohio.

Molly Koweek: Mr. President it was a pleasure. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much Molly

Molly Koweek: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Take care of yourself. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you.