Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-kdka-pittsburgh-john-delano-october-23-2019

Note: [This interview was aired in two segments and has edits between the questions. The KDKA newsroom confirmed these four questions are the complete interview and Donald Trump's responses were not edited.]

John Delano: Mr. President, welcome to Pittsburgh.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Jon.

John Delano: You know, sometimes it seems as if you're here all the time, and that we should give you a voter registration card. What is it you most like about Pittsburgh?

Donald Trump: Well, I love the state and the place, and I also love the fact you have really, in terms of legacy, the greatest steel place in the world and we're bringing that back, and a lot of other things are happening in Pittsburgh. We are very proud of it.

John Delano: Do you think you fulfilled those promises, or is there more to do?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I've more than fulfilled them, but we can still do a little bit more. Some of them are statutory -- where we need certain -- where you have to wait 180 days and then you have to wait six months, and, you know, et cetera et cetera. But we have a -- we have a -- a pipeline now, in terms of regulations, approvals, approving certain pipelines, actual pipelines.

Donald Trump: We have things to do that are great. But I think I'm way, way ahead of schedule.

John Delano: You know, there are protestors outside, now they are concerned about fracking, and climate change. What's your message to them?

Donald Trump: Look, we have a wealthy country. We have things that we're doing, and that we want to do, that can only be done if we let our great factories operate. If you want to close down half of your wealth, and half of your factories, if you want to close things up and go with wind -- which, by the way, kills the birds, and has lots of other problems, and I'm not even knocking it, but it's not enough for this country.

Donald Trump: We are doing so well right now, and, if you want to close it up, and if you want to put everybody out of work, I guess you have to vote for her, or somebody else on the other side.

Note: [This question was edited to a separate segment. The question was in regard to the Tree of Life synagogue shooting Pittsburgh on October 27, 2018 that killed 11.]

John Delano: And, I'm just wondering if you think that this administration, and this Congress, have done all that they could have done to prevent this kind of tragedy from ever happening again?

Donald Trump: Well, It's a tremendous mental illness problem, let's face it. This person was just terrible, and, this is what happens. These are sick people, very, very sick people. I was here, I saw, and we all suffered together. I've never seen anything like it. I was a -- and you, at the same time, you had some incredibly brave people that really stopped it.

John Delano: Do you think there is more we can do as a country to stop this, to even prevent white nationalism, and the like, from happening?

Donald Trump: Yeah, and we have to stop it all, and other countries do have problems and somehow, I think, the problems they have, they don't get talked about the same way. But, we are doing a lot to stop it. A lot does have to do with mental health. You look at so many, so many -- they talk about they've been flagged.

Donald Trump: They know they have problems, and nobody does things about it. And, you know, as an example, in the school shooting in Florida, we knew how sick that person was, meaning the police, could have done something about it. So many different signs. But we are working very hard on it, very, very hard.