Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-david-crabtree-wral-tv-raleigh-july-27-2020

David Crabtree: Welcome back to North Carolina.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

David Crabtree: Uh, we have heard so much about how you want to move forward.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

David Crabtree: And fighting this virus. Is there a central focus plan now from the President to move forward?

Donald Trump: Well, I think there really is. A lot of states are doing really well. The South as you know and Florida and Texas on the West, and California broke out, but they're starting to come down. And I'll tell you, Florida, Arizona, Texas, they're starting to head down. I think soon, rapidly. So we're doing very well there.

Donald Trump: But what we're really here to tell you the truth are vaccines and therapeutics. Therapeutically, if we can solve a problem which is sort of like let's get better and we are having tremendous success. That's why we're in North Carolina today because this is a great -- a great plant and great scientists, and they're very close to having the vaccine.

Donald Trump: And when that happens, we're going to distribute it in record time. You probably heard what I just said, it'll be record time. And if we can do that that'll be a great achievement. So we'll have the vaccine, but I -- we're going to have a vaccine very soon. By the end of the year, maybe even a little sooner than that.

Donald Trump: And that will be a great achievement. That would have been years ahead of schedule.

David Crabtree: Mr. President with the benefit of hindsight, is there anything you would have done differently if you had the past four or five months to relive?

Donald Trump: Well, the virus is a very tough thing. Every country is suffering. Today, Spain now is reared up again. You probably heard and a couple of others in Europe are rearing up. It's a very delicate, very contagious thing. I think the thing I'm happiest about is that I banned China very early when nobody said I should and we kept China out -- infected -- heavily infected and we we put the ban on China.

Donald Trump: Then, we put the ban on Europe. But it's just this process, it takes a long time. We have to come up with a vaccine. We have to come up with a cure and -- in a sense, a cure. And that's what we're doing. Therapeutically, I think you're going to be very impressed over the next couple of weeks. And by the end of the year, we'll have the vaccine.

Donald Trump: The states have been doing a really good job. Many of them is -- in particular, many of them and we've had great relationships with the Governors. What we have done is we've been able to supply masses of -- massive amounts of whether it's ventilators or swabs or whatever it is. Ultimately, they're needed because the coverage were bare when we took over.

Donald Trump: And now, the coverage are full. So we're sending things down to Florida and various places that need whatever they need, but most of the states are loaded up.

David Crabtree: You know, I plan to be in Charlotte in a few weeks. for the convention.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

David Crabtree: You referenced today in the briefing that there would still be a part of hap -- happening in Charlotte. Where will you make your acceptance speech? How will that look?

Donald Trump: Well, we're just going to be announcing that probably by the end of this week. But all I know is I'll be in North Carolina and that's a very big deal because we have a lot of the delegates there, and that'll be a nomination process. And that's essentially where the nomination -- where it's formalized. And I'm really honored to do it in North Carolina.

Donald Trump: We won the state. We've had great relationships, whether it's on tobacco or anything else that we're doing. Here we are today. This was a big contract that we gave to a great company in North Carolina. So, we've had really great relationships with this state. And so, I'm very happy to be back. I'll be back on the Monday just prior to.

David Crabtree: OK. I just want to make sure I'm clear, I didn't misunderstand. You are going to announce where the acceptance speech will be held?

Donald Trump: Probably by the end of the week or early next week, yes.

David Crabtree: And you feel good about your chances in North Carolina again?

Donald Trump: I think so. The relationships we have in North Carolina are incredible. I mean, my granddaughter was named Carolina and that's pretty good. That's a good step. As you know, my daughter-in-law, Lara is from the state, and we've we did very well in 2016. And they say that we're going to do even better this time.

Donald Trump: We've done a lot for the state. We've helped the state, whether it be through national emergencies where you had some pretty big problems, as you know, over the course of four years, or the tobacco growers we're very close to. We work with them. We work with everybody in this state. It's been a great relationship.

David Crabtree: Mr. President, may I ask you, you're one of 45 people in the history of this great country to hold this office --

Donald Trump: That's right.

David Crabtree: The past three and a half years, uh, could you have ever imagined it to be what it has been --

Donald Trump: No.

David Crabtree: In serving this way?

Donald Trump: No, never. I'd never thought a thing like this could happen. We won a great race and now it turned out we were spied on by President Obama and Biden and we were spied on 100%. They caught him in the act. They caught -- a lot of people call me. The whole group was caught. And we'll see what happens with that.

Donald Trump: But if you would have thought -- and then, they do the Russia, Russia, Russia, phony stuff that turned out to be a fraud. The -- the Mueller thing was a total disgraceful situation. They say it should have ended on the first day and it took two -- two and a half years. They spent $45 million and they found absolutely nothing.

Donald Trump: If you would have told me it would have been this unpleasant in that way, but very pleasant, in the fact that nobody's accomplished more in the first three and a half years than I have. And then at the end, after we built the greatest economy in history, we get hit by the plague, the plague from China, and we shut it down and we saved millions of lives.

Donald Trump: Now we're opening up and we're going to have a tremendous next year, and we're going to have a great third quarter.

David Crabtree: What can we look forward to in the second Trump term?

Donald Trump: Well, really just finishing off what we've started. We've done a lot of it, whether it's Space Force or many other things as you know. But solidifying that, also, we're going to get drug prices way, way down. They're coming way down. We're doing tremendous things on healthcare, including transparency which is going to lower the costs tremendously.

Donald Trump: So I would say, some of those things we're going to continue on with much of what we've done. We've rebuilt the military. We've taken care of the VA. The VA now is doing incredible. We have Veterans Choice passed and Accountability which is a big deal as you know. Veterans Accountability where people don't treat our vets right.

Donald Trump: We can do things about it now. Before, you couldn't do anything. But Veterans Choice is very big, where they don't get immediate care or immediate service, they go out, get a doctor. We pay the bill. They get themselves fixed up. So it's been a -- it's been a great three and a half years, but it's been very unfair.

Donald Trump: It's been very unfair. A lot of phony witch hunts and it's -- it's made it less fun. But I'm not sure I could have done anymore because we've really done a lot. We've done I think more than any administration has ever done in the first three and a half years, and nobody even challenges that.

David Crabtree: Mr. President, one last thing.

Donald Trump: Yes.

David Crabtree: And my daughter asked that I asked this question today.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

David Crabtree: She's a young person looking to the future. To encourage Americans -- and I heard a little of this in the briefing earlier.

Donald Trump: Yes.

David Crabtree: As we are so divided today, what is your message to all Americans?

Donald Trump: Success is going to bring us together. It was doing it before. We had the best unemployment rates we've ever had and employment rates with 160 million people almost working. That's far more than we ever had before, whether it be Black unemployment, African-American -- any -- anything you look at. Hispanic-American, Asian-American, the unemployment rates were the best in our nation's history.

Donald Trump: Everything -- the stock market, finances, homes, home values, home equity, every single metric was at the top. Women were in the best shape we've ever been in from the employment standpoint and from a weight standpoint. With all of that, things were really starting to come together. Then, we got hit with the virus and we had to close it to save millions of lives.

Donald Trump: We opened it -- tell your daughter we have a tremendous future. I think that next year we're going to have the best year we've ever had. And that's -- it's heading in that direction. Especially, if we come up with therapeutics and a vaccine which we're doing. That's why I'm in North Carolina today.

David Crabtree: Mr. President, thank you so much for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

David Crabtree: Very much, sir.

Donald Trump: Say hello to your daughter.

David Crabtree: All the best to you, sir --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

David Crabtree: And to your family.

Donald Trump: Very nice.

David Crabtree: Thank you.