Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dan-bongino-show-september-20-2020

Dan Bongino: All right, ladies and gentlemen, the interview you've been waiting for, President Donald J. Trump. All right. Absolutely honored to welcome back to the show for the third time, uh, President Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, what an honor. Thank you for returning to the show. We deeply appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm proud of your show. You're doing best. One of the best, one of the best.

Dan Bongino: Oh, thank you.

Donald Trump: And that's, uh, you've come a long way. You did a good job at Secret Service. You've come a long way. [Laughs]

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Very long way [Crosstalk].

Dan Bongino: Yeah, it was weird when you were kind enough to have me in the Oval Office, I -- I told you, you know, I used to sit outside that door and, uh --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: -- protect the other presidents, and now I'm in here talking to you, so it was a great honor. I appreciate it. Mr. President, I wanna, uh --

Donald Trump: You're going -- You're, you're going in the right direction. Go ahead.

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir. Uh, I -- I'm getting a little concerned. I have to be candid with you. I'm seeing all these reports from these leftists, anti-Trump, never Trump, lunatic groups talking about things, post-election chaos, one of them this Transition Integrity Project, talking about a street fight, not a legal one.

Dan Bongino: By the way, that's a quote from them, after the election. Um, are you concerned about this? I know a lot of my listeners are, and I am. I've been covering it for the last few days. The Democrats will not accept the results of this election, um, if, if you happen to get reelected and pull this out.

Donald Trump: Well, they never accepted the results of the last election, Dan. And, you know, if you remember that famous question where Hillary asked me -- Hillary Clinton, crooked Hillary, and she is crooked, where she asked me the question about, "Would you accept the results?" And I, you know, I always tell, I didn't give exactly a perfect answer.

Donald Trump: I said, you know, [Laughs] I shrugged my shoulder. I knew what I was dealing with. But it ended up that she didn't accept the results. And actually, she did. She got beaten soundly. You know, it was 306 to 223. That's a lot. She lost a lot, and she lost states that would never -- I mean, that hadn't been lost in decades.

Donald Trump: But, uh, frankly, such a different candidate from Joe. You have a smart one and a dummy, such a different candidate, but you know, I think that -- I think he's a little more popular. I don't know why, 'cause, you know, he -- I would -- I, I don't understand, actually, why.

Donald Trump: But, uh, so I, I think that, uh, yeah, they're gonna do something, Dan. Something's gonna happen, but you know what they're doing? They're trying to screw it all up with the ballots. So they have -- I guess I've heard numbers from 50 to 80 million unsolicited ballots. That's unsolicited. People aren't asking for 'em, and they're getting socked with a ballot.

Donald Trump: And we're suing in a lot of courts and doing not badly, so we had a, you know, unrelated, we had some pretty good things happen yesterday, and a, a couple of days ago we had a -- we had, uh, we had Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, unlocked because they had a shutdown. The governor has it totally shut down -- [Crosstalk] primarily so that we can look as bad as possible for the election, but the numbers are fantastic.

Donald Trump: No, I see something, Dan, and I haven't -- and I see it having to do with the ballots. Even these little elections are all screwed up. You look at Carolyn Maloney in New York, a small congressional vote, and, uh, they -- they're way off, way off. They have no idea what they're doing. They should have never declared her a winner because, uh, the other guy could've won very easily.

Donald Trump: They had so many missing ballots and fraudulent ballots. So I think that's the route they're going. They're gonna try and mess it up. We have way greater enthusiasm. We have a great ground game. You saw that last night? I mean, you saw the people that showed up.

Dan Bongino: That -- Yeah.

Donald Trump: We went to Wisconsin, and it was in incredible. Tonight I'm going to Minnesota, and I hear it's like, people are already -- for two days, they were already planted out with their tents and everything else. It's -- The enthusiasm level is even more than it was four years ago, Dan. You probably see that.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, I, I always joke that there are more, uh, on line for the bathroom at your rallies than show up [Laughs] at Biden rally. It's pretty sad to watch, but, uh, you know, just, uh, just to, to back up to this question, even Peggy Noonan, who's, you know, can be a really sober analyst. I wouldn't call her exactly a big fan of, uh, of President Trump.

Dan Bongino: I'm obviously a supporter. I don't think I've -- that's, uh, my colors are on my sleeve right there. Um, but Peggy Noonan even this morning in her op-ed in The Wall Street Journal is worried about the potential for violence for people not willing to accept the results of this election afterwards. Um, is your administration concerned about that?

Donald Trump: Uh, we want to win, and once we win, we'll take care of business. We'll take care of business. We are, uh, winning now. We have polls. Our polls show that we're winning in, uh, Wisconsin. We're winning -- I mean, we -- we're winning in Arizona, and yet The New York Times comes out with a poll that we're nine down, okay?

Donald Trump: We're not nine down. These people, these are crooked polls. These polls are crooked. You know, they're, uh, suppressions, really suppression polls meant to depress, meant to depress the voter and even the candidate.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And, uh, we didn't get too depressed last time. Last time it was worse. We were down in eight. Going into election day, we were down in eight or nine swing states, right? We were down in every, every swing state.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We won every one of 'em. Every single one of 'em, we won.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And, uh, then, you know, if you look at a Washington Post poll, which is always terrible, uh, except for the final day of election, but by that time, it didn't matter last time, but they put us down 10, 12, 14, 18 last time. And then we won the election, and they were very embarrassed for a day, and then they got back on, you know, they get good for about a week there.

Donald Trump: They apologize for everybody for such bad service, for such bad reporting. New York Times actually re -- apologized for such bad reporting. I said, well, that's good. You know what? That's good. Now we can have a nice, normal, good newspaper. And, uh, within two weeks, they were back to their old stuff.

Donald Trump: So, no, I think we're doing well. I think we're up in virtually every state, the real numbers, and we have real pollsters, too, and these are the real numbers. You know, we got a 52 or 53 today in Rasmussen, which was very accurate last time.

Dan Bongino: Yes.

Donald Trump: Remember we used to talk about Rasmussen.

Dan Bongino: That's right.

Donald Trump: There are two or three accurate polls last time, and all three of them, I'm up, and that's with the popular vote, which is, you know, I don't even go for. I -- You gotta go with what they have, and, you know, we -- Hillary used to campaign all the time in California and places that she shouldn't have been campaigning.

Donald Trump: Someday, Someday they'll understand that Bill Clinton was right.

Dan Bongino: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: He knew exactly what was gonna happen.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was the one that predicted what was going to happen.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, he's much savvier politically, um, than she is. Um, Mr. President, on the social media front, and, you know, disclosure, I have a relationship with a competitor in the social media platforms, but, um, Twitter and Facebook and others, I've seen of them upping the ante on what I perceive to be attacks on conservatives.

Dan Bongino: Um, Twitter specifically on your account. Uh, they seem to fact check and put little disclaimers on your account. Meanwhile, Joe Biden continues to repeat false attacks endlessly on his Twitter account. Uh, I'm concerned, and I think a lot of other people are out there. I saw a question came in from my audience.

Dan Bongino: What would happen in this post-election period? Say it's close, and it's a few days or maybe a week or so before we know the results of the election, and yet your political people doing, you know, re -- you know, regular analysis, say, "Hey, listen, I think we won." What would stop Twitter from basically suspending your account, not letting you get information out there?

Dan Bongino: And what would you do, um, if that was the case?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd take it right to the Supreme Court. Uh, they're under the gun. They are -- For instance, they have a trending section, right? Trending. Now I know what a trend is. A trend is something I know probably better than anybody, including them. They're always putting me trending, and I'm always, like, number one, two, three, four, and often times, I'm many of the trends, but it's only negative.

Donald Trump: I've done very positive things. Like when I get nominated for the, uh, Nobel Peace Prize, it trends in a negative way. No. [Laughs] It's, "Why would they nominate him? He only created peace in the Middle East." You know, I'm in the process of doing that.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: Why would he do a thing like that? Whereas they nominate -- You know, Obama gets his nomination a couple of weeks in, like at the beginning, and he had no idea why. Why did they do it? And, you know, now they ask that same question. Why did they do it? But, uh, the trending in Twitter is just some guy -- I think I know who it is just picking whatever he can, like hydroxychloroquine.

Donald Trump: They had it trending for weeks and weeks and weeks. That's not a trend. They just try to make us look bad even though it's gotten some rave reviews, and doctors are loving it more than ever. You know, doctors are loving it more than ever. I took it for a while, for two weeks.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, just in case. We had a couple of breakouts in the White House, and I said, "Get me something fast." And I took it, and, uh, for two weeks, absolutely no, uh, I mean, the good news, I didn't get it, but, uh, no impact or anything. It's very safe. It's been out for 50 years for a different problem, malaria, lupus, you know, et cetera.

Dan Bongino: That's right.

Donald Trump: But you know, if doctors will, but, but they had this thing trending in a very negative way. I don't even know why would they be so against it. But there, they're trending in a very, very negative way for many weeks. Number one trend. Now you and I know in our pop culture, hydroxychloroquine is not gonna be your number one trend.

Donald Trump: Maybe for a night or a half a night or an hour, but they had it up there forever.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's just a phony trend. Look, it's a phony deal, and if they ever did anything like that, we would sue them under Section 230. We would sue them and do everything we could to get rid of Section 230. You know, the funny thing is, I protect them more than the Democrats. The Democrats hate them.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I actually protect them 'cause I wanna see great companies. I don't wanna see China take over, and, uh, you know, I don't wanna see China have the, the biggest, and I actually protect them much more than the Democrats. The Democrats, I think, other than we would do it, the Democrats would wanna repeal Section 230. If we repeal section 230, all of those companies go out of business.

Donald Trump: They go out of business.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because we take away their liability shield.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. Yeah, it's a real shame that we're the, the defenders of free speech, and we seem to be the focus of, uh, a lot of their attacks. I really appreciate your patience while we take this short commercial break from our interview with President Trump.

Dan Bongino: [Commercial] Today's show also brought to you by our friends at Omax. Living with chronic pain is the worst. I live with it every day. I have really horrible arthritis. It stinks. It can prevent you from sleeping, relaxing, working out, even walking around sometimes. It's ongoing for a few weeks for some.

Dan Bongino: Some people have to live with it. I know with me, I'd be lost without Omax. If you're looking to get rid of nagging muscle and joint pain like I have immediately, while providing long-lasting recovery, then you need to try the natural breakthrough prain -- pain relief solution, CryoFreeze CBD Roll-On, developed by Omax Health.

Dan Bongino: [Commercial] This is the go-to in my house. Paula and I, we're not that old, but we're getting up there. We're beat up. We work out a lot. We would be lost without their Roll-On product. It's nonprescription, triple action pain relief roll-on. It's specifically formulated to block pain receptors, reduce inflammation, and improve muscle and joint flexibility.

Dan Bongino: The best part? It's 100% natural. CBD-powered remedy, it works its magic within 10 minutes of application. This stuff's the real deal. Relief lasts up to eight hours, much longer than the over-the-counter products. Rolling on, you feel that icy, cool feel. We love it.

Dan Bongino: [Commercial] Omax Health is offering my listeners 20% off a full bottle of CryoFreeze CBD Pain Relief Roll-On. This is -- This discount also applies towards any product site-wide. Just go to omaxhealth.com today and enter code BONGINO. That's Omax, O-M-A-X, health.com and enter code BONGINO. Get 20% off.

Dan Bongino: They've got five -- 95% five-star reviews. Anyone from athletes to grandma can benefit from this immediate pain relief. Simply roll it over where it hurts and ice out the pain. No messy creams or horrible fragrances like some of those other products. CryoFreeze works within 10 minutes of application, improving physical training ca -- capability, recovery, and performance.

Dan Bongino: Go to omaxhealth.com, enter code BONGINO, get 20% off CryoFreeze and site-wide. You won't regret it. Selling these products is the real deal. Omaxhealth.com, enter code BONGINGO to get 20% and sitewide.

Dan Bongino: [Commercial] Today's show also brought to you by our friends at Bravo Company Manufacturing. Ladies and gentlemen, they've been a long-time sponsor of our show. Um, if you're in the market for a high-quality firearm, Bravo Company Manufacturing's the only place to go. They do not make sporting rifles. Folks, if you want a sporting rifle, you're a hunter, that's great.

Dan Bongino: Shooting sports are fantastic. I love 'em. That's not what they make. They make life-saving equipment. Bravo Company Manufacturing assumes that when a rifle leaves their shop, it'll be used, God forbid, in a life-or-death situation by a responsible citizen, law enforcement officer, or soldier overseas. Quality's the only thing that matters to them.

Dan Bongino: Every component of a BCM rifle is hand-assembled and tested by Americans in Hartland, Wisconsin, to a life-saving standard. They put their people before their products. I have two. These are the finest rifles out there, on point, function every single time. Every single time. God forbid it's not a paper target one day.

Dan Bongino: [Commercial] If you wanna learn more about Bravo Company, I highly suggest you go to bravocompanymfg.com. That's bravocompanymfg.com for the finest rifles in the business. You can discover more about their products, special offers, and some upcoming news. Again, that's bravocompanymfg.com. You need more convincing?

Dan Bongino: Check out their YouTube channel. It's terrific. YouTube.com/bravocompanyusa. Check 'em out today.

Dan Bongino: All right, back to my interview with President Donald Trump. Mr. President, uh, just switching gears a minute here, the Mueller probe, which was investigating, uh, fake collusion, um, a scheme, a scam --

Donald Trump: Totally fake.

Dan Bongino: Totally made up, fabricated. It's been the -- I've been on this for three years. It really --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: -- ticks me off, um, [Laughs] as you know. Um, so we just found out that the corrupt Mueller team, when asked for the information on their phones, that they wiped out their phones, and not only that, Mr. President, they put the phones in airplane mode first so they couldn't be remotely accessed just to be sure nobody saw what they were talking about over their phones.

Dan Bongino: Now when you combine that with the fact that we now know for a fact the Mueller team, the minute they started, knew collusion was a hoax, 'cause they interviewed Steele sources who said it was a hoax. How does that makes you feel that they put you through hell?

Donald Trump: And they knew that the first few days.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, they knew it right away.

Donald Trump: They knew it in the first few days, and it went on for two years.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. How does that make you feel with the phones, being wiped out?

Donald Trump: I think it's terrible. I think it's terrible. I think it's -- I don't think the Hillary thing is finished, either, by the way, where she deleted 33,000 emails. Can you imagine what she said on those emails about classified information?

Dan Bongino: Yeah. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: And, I mean, I just read an article. It looks like Bolton's got himself some big problems, too. He goes out. He was a lowlife. All he wanted to do was go to war with everybody. Total lowlife. And, uh, you know, he comes in, and I knew what I was getting. I was getting a, a maniac. Actually, I used him -- Anytime you brought him into a negotiation with another country, they got scared because it meant, you know, 'cause he's crazy, and it meant you wanted to go war.

Donald Trump: That was okay. Never said anything and sit in the corner. I hear he's in big trouble, too. Classified information. And, uh, just read the papers. You see it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I, I like to refer to the papers 'cause I let Bill Barr handle stuff, and I don't get involved. I could get involved. I could absolutely get involved. And, uh, some -- They had my -- We'll see how it all comes out. Someday I might, but I don't get involved. I let Bill Barr and, and justice handle everything.

Donald Trump: What they're doing General Flynn is a disgrace. I mean, what General Flynn did, if you think about it, he didn't lie at all.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: The FBI lied. They lied. They set him up, and --

Dan Bongino: That's right.

Donald Trump: . -- that he has to go through this is incredible. But what really is bad is when you look at Weissmann and all these people, and look at what we found already with the insurance policy, with Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page, right? That insurance policy was, to me, so devastating that that's okay. She's going to win, but in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy.

Donald Trump: All that only means one thing. It means exactly what we went through, and before the election and after, substantially before the election and after. And I would say after is even worse, right? Because, you know, after, I won the election, and now they're still -- they can't even talk about campaigning or anything, and this had nothing to do with campaigning.

Donald Trump: These people are stone-cold crooked. These were bad apples.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: These were sick degenerates. And now what they've done is they got caught with big stuff. Don't forget, they put people in Jail, and they prosecuted people for telling a like, and in many cases, it's like something that took place a long time ago. I mean, could you tell what -- Do you remember what you said on your cellphone or, or on a tweet three years ago, Dan, you know?

Donald Trump: And I said --

Dan Bongino: I don't remember what I said last night. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah, how about, like, tomorrow?

Dan Bongino: Right. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: But he said different. He said different things. He said something different that he did on a tweet three and a half years ago.

Dan Bongino: [Laughs] Right.

Donald Trump: We should immediately prosecute him. Hr are people that took evidence, tremendous amounts. Can you imagine what they were saying? You know, we have great tweets, but can you imagine, the ones that were arrested were even more so --

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- what they were saying is incredible. Now we don't know that we're ever gonna get the tweets. Like in Hillary's case, she got a subpoena from the United States Congress. You can't do better than that, right? She said, "Screw you. We're gonna delete it. We're deleting everything" after she got the tweet.

Donald Trump: Her lawyer did it, too. Her lawyer should go to jail, and she should go to jail. Now let's see what happens, but I bring it up all the time. I say, "Forget about the emails. Forget about finding 'em. I think they're in the State Department. I'm disappointed that the State Department hasn't produced 'em, if you wanna know the truth, but I think they're in the State Department, and I think Christopher Wray could produce them also very easily.

Donald Trump: But, uh, he's chosen not to look too hard, I guess. But I think the FBI has 'em, and I think -- And by the way, we have somebody fantastic in John Ratcliffe. He's doing a fantastic job.

Dan Bongino: Yeah. He's great.

Donald Trump: Rick Grenell was a superstar.

Dan Bongino: Oh, Grenell's terrific, too.

Donald Trump: Rick Grenell was incredible. What we learned from Rick -- Rick was good.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, Christopher Wray's been a huge disappointment. I'm, uh, not a big fan of Christopher Wray at all.

Donald Trump: [Laughs]

Dan Bongino: I'm hoping to get to that in a second, but, um, Mr. President, you got a debate coming up. Um, can I ask you a personal favor, please? Uh, the...

Donald Trump: Yes.

Dan Bongino: I am really tired. I'm in Florida, and, uh, Biden is running an ad that's a lie. Um, it's an easily disproven lie that he is not gonna hike taxes if you make less than $400,000 a year. That's false.

Donald Trump: It's a lie. Yeah, it's a lie.

Dan Bongino: The Trump tax cuts, your tax cuts, cut taxes for the middle class. Anyone can look it up online. It's not a mystery.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: Biden is on tape repeatedly, multiple times, saying he's gonna take away those tax cuts for the middle class. He is lying. The ad is false. In this debate, can you please put this guy or get him on the carpet and get an answer? He's lying.

Donald Trump: I'll do that. No, he lies every -- Oh, the worst lie was about the soldiers, that I stood over a grave --

Dan Bongino: Disgusting, yeah.

Donald Trump: -- and called them suckers and losers in front of all -- That was the worst thing. I have never had -- That's called disinformation. You know that better than anybody.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They are running a total disinformation. They make a claim. It's all made up, but they got that from, uh, Clinton's friend, right, you know, from that stupid magazine which is dying. But they g -- they took this lie, and they put ads out, and I said, because of that, the gloves come off. Joe has had it.

Donald Trump: Joe is -- was a dumb guy a long time ago. He was hale and hearty. That's all he had going. He was hale and hearty. He was a toucher. He was a feeler. And a long time ago, you know, he was a warm kind of a guy, but dumb, dumb as a rock. I once asked a certain senator that was on their side, believe it or not.

Donald Trump: I get along with both of 'em. [Laughs] You know, when I was in private, I got along with both.

Dan Bongino: That's right.

Donald Trump: Uh, equal opportunity. I said, "Who's the smartest guy in the Senate?" Gave me a name. Then he said -- I said, "Who's the dumbest?" He said, "Oh, Joe." I said, "Joe who?" "Joe Biden."

Dan Bongino: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: He's the dumbest guy in the Senate. Now this was in primetime. This was probably 25 years ago. This is in primetime. "Who's the dumbest guy in the Senate?" "Joe Biden." That was primetime. Now he's probably 30, 40% of what he was. He's a disaster.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And this guy can't be dealing with President Xi and Putin and, and Kim Jong-un. We will be a laughingstock throughout the world if he ever got in. And the only reason I talk that way, I would never do that, Dan, but when he put the ad in the soldier -- So they knew it was phony. You know, we had 28 witnesses step forward to say it was a false statement.

Donald Trump: It was totally false, the article. They had a source. There was no source. But we had 28 sources that b -- that are out in the public saying it, okay, including generals. So when he did that, I said that's okay. Now I can say the, uh, the real truth. This is a dumb human being. He always was, but now he's way off his game, and he shouldn't allow -- They shouldn't allow him to be president.

Donald Trump: He's going to destroy our country. He has no idea. He was for fracking last night, and yet if you watch the debates --

Dan Bongino: That's right.

Donald Trump: -- he was against it every time. He can --

Dan Bongino: On the record.

Donald Trump: He can say, "I was against it." He was strongly against fracking. He said, "Did you hear me? I was -- I am against it." Okay, three weeks later, he's saying, "I'm in favor of fracking." Uh, now he took a middle ground because it got so heated for him. Now what's happening is when he does that, the radical left is gonna vote for me because they like my stance on trade.

Donald Trump: They don't like me, and they don't like a lot of other things I'm saying, but they do love me in trade, 'cause I'm the best ever in the history of our country on trade, 'cause I know that every foreign country, especially our allies, but every foreign country kills us on trade, and I've stopped it. I've taken tens of billions from China and all that stuff.

Donald Trump: I gave it to the farmers. I gave it to, to Treasury. But, uh, look what I'm doing with TikTok. I mean, nobody would have done anything with TikTok, and, you know, we'll see how that all plays out. We have some great companies want it, but if it doesn't work out, they're gone.

Donald Trump: So, uh, a lot of things are happening, but when he made that vicious ad and put it, knowing it was a phony deal, uh, he did that, and that's what they're doing. They're doing disinformation. They make up a lie like about taxes. They make up a lie about Social Security. I'm the one protecting Social Security.

Donald Trump: He's gonna destroy it because of what he's doing, because of what he's doing. If you look at what, what -- He'll destroy this country. This country, they're gonna raise taxes massively. $4 trillion. He admits to $4 trillion. When you admit to $4 trillion, that means it's going up more. You know, not -- You're not admitting on the high side.

Donald Trump: So he admits to $4 trillion. This country is gonna have a great year next year if I'm elected. Stocks are going up. The biggest headwind on stocks. You know, the stocks are just about at a record. The biggest headwind is the possibility he could get elected. You will have a crash. You will have a depression like you've never seen before in this country.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And I'm good at that stuff, but [Crosstalk].

Dan Bongino: I covered on my Friday show, Mr. President, the numbers, uh, for your administration, the economic numbers before the plague hit that, uh, it media -- median income, uh, household wealth grew 50% the year before the plague --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: -- under your administration, which is more than --

Donald Trump: The best, The best numbers in history. The best numbers in history.

Dan Bongino: More than the entire eight years under Obama, so they can...

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: Well, Mr. President, I know you've gotta run. Uh, last question for you. Um, President, uh, Vi -- former Vice President Biden's not only lied about middle class tax hikes and fracking on the record. We can watch the videos ourselves. But he's also lying about his prior statements to redirect funding away from the police, where he responded, "Absolutely" if he would do that.

Dan Bongino: Um, now we have the news that Kamala Harris, uh, promoted this Minnesota Freedom Fund that bailed out a sex offender --

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: -- who attacked a young girl.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: Your thoughts on that.

Donald Trump: Well, I talked about it last night. We had a tremendous rally in Wisconsin last night. I'm going to Minnesota tonight. We have a chance to win Minnesota, not traditionally Republican, but because of what I did in Minneapolis. You know, I just -- We sent in the Guard, and we stopped it. That was crazy, what as going on.

Donald Trump: They were gonna rip -- That city wasn't going to exist, and we sent -- And just, before we get off, by the way, it's all, everyone, blue states' problems. They, They have tremendous crimes. Take a look. It's not red states. We don't have red states -- Red states are doing great, meaning Republicans are doing great.

Donald Trump: The Democrats have allowed Chicago, New York -- Look at New York, our beautiful New York that you loved and I loved.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Crime up 300% in some cases, 158%. [Crosstalk] Chicago, 57 people shot last weekend with eight dying. Now we're pulling out of Afghanistan. We're almost out. We're, We're just about out of everything, and then you know, we're getting very close to getting out totally. Should've never been there, by the way.

Donald Trump: But we're pulling out. But we don't have -- You don't have shootings where eight people died and 50 people got shot.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you're talking about Chicago, run by a Democrat mayor, radical left, has no clue, no clue whatsoever. And we could stop that, but they don't want our help. I mean, the greatest would be Portland. I could stop that in a half-hour. That's easy. They're anarchists. They're together. They're spoiled kids, for the most part.

Donald Trump: They live in the basement of their mother's home --

Dan Bongino: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: -- and father.

Dan Bongino: So true.

Donald Trump: And, uh, some of 'em are rich, but they're, you know, they have a lot of padding, because they wanna look like your muscles, but they don't have your muscles.

Dan Bongino: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: You know, they put padding in their sleeves. They come in with the black, with the black jackets.

Dan Bongino: Look like linebackers, right, yeah.

Donald Trump: And they start swinging sticks at people, bare sticks, you know, like, uh, really bad sticks. But they start swinging bats and sticks, and, and, uh, then you have Christopher saying, "It's an ideology." No, these are thugs.

Dan Bongino: I can't believe that.

Donald Trump: You saw my response.

Dan Bongino: This is the FBI director.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: I can't believe he said that.

Donald Trump: Ah, it's a very sad thing. It's very sad. It's, It's an incorrect statement. Sometimes I have to correct people, but it's an incorrect s -- No, these are thugs, anarchists. They're agitators. They're bad people. Uh, they'd like to see an overthrow, and I didn't -- That's not gonna happen. No, the country has great spirit.

Donald Trump: You know what was happening? It was coming together. We had the best numbers in the history of our country, and it was actually starting to unify, and then we got hit with the China plague. But we had, uh, we had the best numbers in the history of our country, and it was coming together. People say, "When can you unify?" Success will unify.

Donald Trump: Next year, we're gonna have a better year than we had last year, you watch. And, you know, you see it happening already. It's a super V. And we have...But, you know, the Democrats are in our way. They have, uh, Pennsylvania's closed down. North Carolina's closed down. Michigan's closed down. These states are closed down.

Donald Trump: It's a horrible thing, what they're doing. They shouldn't be doing it. But that's the story. But you are -- I am so proud of you. I knew you when you were --

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: -- not quite as successful. I think we can say that. [Crosstalk]

Dan Bongino: Yeah, that's right, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah. Back in the tank.

Donald Trump: I'm so glad --

Dan Bongino: I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm proud of the job you did.

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir. It's an honor.

Donald Trump: You've been incredible. From day one, you get it.

Dan Bongino: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And I think big things are happening on the front that you're most interested in.

Dan Bongino: Thank you. Yeah, oh, I hope so. Mr. President, I just wanna exit by thanking you on behalf of me and my audience for supporting alternative media. You're one of the few presidents who's seen outside of the box that it's not about --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: -- ABC, NBC, and CBS all the time. There are digital shows, and you're used to social media. It's really appreciated that you recognize that and support the little guys out there, uh, getting the message out. Maybe not so little anymore, but we were when you first came on. So I really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, it's become, it's become powerful because the mainstream, or lamestream media, as they say, it's crooked.

Dan Bongino: [Laughs, Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It's 100% even more crooked than Hillary Clinton. It's crooked. I mean, you know, it's just really terrible. It's like I watched the, uh, the Joe Biden thing, and it, it was like softball. I've been interviewed by Anderson Cooper many times.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: Never easy. I never saw anything that was just served up.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And then I did Stephanopoulos, and I didn't ask for anything. I don't need, you know, I don't, I don't ask for anything. I just go and do it. I, I think we did a good job, got very good reviews. But, But, you know, when you look at it, the media's crooked, 100%. So this is the way we can get our voice out.

Donald Trump: I have hundreds of millions of followers, and, you know, it -- it's more than they have, a lot more than they have, and you do. You're doing so great, and --

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: -- you're a very important source of information, Dan.

Dan Bongino: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Your shows are very important shows, so I congratulate you.

Dan Bongino: Thank you, sir. It's been an honor to have you. President Donald J. Trump, thank you very much, sir. Appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: Thanks, my friend. Take care of yourself, Dan. See you soon. Bye.

Dan Bongino: Bye-bye. Take care.