Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-washington-examiner-salena-zito-may-14-2020

Salena Zito: So, Mike Garcia. Navy veteran. Made history this week with that special election win in the House. You have candidates like him, Sean Parnell --

Donald Trump: Sean Parnell's gonna be fantastic. He's gonna beat Conor Lamb. Conor Lamb's a phony. Conor Lamb hurt us very badly. He's not for the Second Amendment although he likes to try and talk a big game. I'll tell you, Sean Parnell is gonna be fantastic.

Salena Zito: These are the kind of candidates --

Donald Trump: Oh, he's a great candidate. Like Mike Garcia. This is the first time in 22 years we took back a seat from California. And it wasn't even close. I think was 19,000 votes. We finished 19,000 votes. And we also won big in Wisconsin on Tuesday. Two races, two seats, and we won big. Conor Lamb has turned out to be a big disappointment.

Donald Trump: He's a he's just, uh, you know he's, he will do anything Nancy Pelosi tells him to. And that's not for his district. So I think Sean is gonna win.

Salena Zito: These are the kinds of House candidates you think will help you take back the House? .

Donald Trump: Yeah, and as an example, if Sean Parnell ran in the first place against Conor Lamb, Conor Lamb wouldn't have had a chance. Great soldier, smart as can be, loves Pennsylvania, loves Pennsylvania, and he's a great candidate just like Mike was. Tom Tiffany up in Wisconsin. We have great candidates.

Salena Zito: Yeah, Derrick Van Orden, in Wisconsin, also he's taking on Ron Kind? So let's stick with --

Donald Trump: By the way, she's known for great hair.

Salena Zito: It's my parent's fault.

Donald Trump: It's the Italian. [Inaudible]

Salena Zito: Let's stick with Pennsylvania here. Today Joe Biden named Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Bernie Sanders. Yeah, as part of their Climate Change Task Force. So these are two people that have not been particularly supportive of the fossil fuel industry which employs 300,000 jobs here in Pennsylvania, and it's a $45 billion industry.

Salena Zito: Contrast how you -- how does that make those workers feel -- and they're not just blue-collar workers. They're engineers and high tech and executives. So, how do you contrast with him on that position?

Donald Trump: First of all, if you asked him who he named, he wouldn't even know it. Okay. Nobody -- he doesn't even know. He didn't put them there. Somebody did and Joe has absolutely no idea what's happening. AOC is a disaster. She wants all fossil fuel out. She wants everything out. She wants wind, okay? Which is expensive -- kills all the birds.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm also an environmentalist. But wind is a disaster. And it doesn't work and it's very intermittent, obviously if it doesn't blow. They don't even want that. They don't want anything. They don't want to have any energy. So she's got crazy Bernie. I guess was the Bernie was picked, along with her?

Salena Zito: She is the co-chair. Bernie Sanders is the chair, as I understand, of the climate change task force.

Donald Trump: So he picked Bernie Sanders and Ocasio-Cortez. If you can believe that, he lost Texas. He lost Pennsylvania. He lost North Dakota. And he lost Oklahoma. And he lost every other state where fuel is important -- like about most of them.

Salena Zito: That's too Left for these states?

Donald Trump: That's not Left that's -- I don't even say communism, because communists like fuel. Okay? So, no, it's a crazy choice. But he doesn't -- he has no idea who he chose. If you asked him right now, "Who did he choose?" And it's not just for environment, it's for energy. Tell the people in Texas that you have AOC in charge of energy.

Donald Trump: And we've done a great job with that. You know, we got. Until the economy -- we had to turn off the economy because of the plague coming from China. We had to turn off the economy, and now we're coming back and coming back strong. And if you look at energy, you know energy was decimated. We went from number one, and all of energy all over the world was decimated.

Donald Trump: And you see it's coming back rapidly. So it's really been amazing.

Salena Zito: So, your reaction to the latest news on the Flynn unmasking. Today Biden called the attention of you using it as a diversion.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Diversion from what, how well we're doing? You had to see the crowds coming from the plane. I wish I -- the first thing I asked is, "Was Salena in the cars?" No, no, honestly. You had to see it, because I knew you were doing the interview. But it's like that all over, I mean to be honest with you. But Pennsylvania is gonna be great.

Donald Trump: I think Pennsylvania -- she called it a long time ago, from Pittsburgh, right? More from Pittsburgh.

Salena Zito: What was your reaction when you saw that? Because it's been a while since --

Donald Trump: When I saw what? The crowd?

Salena Zito: When you saw all the people standing on the side of the road.

Donald Trump: It's a great feeling, no matter how many times you see it. It's like somebody wins -- a world heavyweight boxer, who's a great fighter, and they win again and again and again. What's your feeling? It's always the same. It's great. Which is your favorite? They're all my favorite. No, we're doing very well.

Salena Zito: What are your thoughts about China? How are you going to hold them accountable for the coronavirus?

Donald Trump: Right. Right. Well, as you know, we were doing very well with China. I was costing them a lot. They had the worst year in 67 years prior to the plague coming in from China. And we were doing great. We were taking in billions of dollars and giving billions to the farmers. We gave $9 billion two years ago and $12 billion last year.

Donald Trump: This year, we're giving $19 billion to the farmers. The farmers are doing very well. Frankly, we've done so well with China that the farmers almost don't have to even plant their crop, but they don't want that. They just want a level playing field. So, we were doing great. China, as you know, had the worst year, 67 years.

Donald Trump: The worst in 67 prior to the plague. Now the plague comes, and now I think we're going to be very strong. I think we're going to have a phenomenal year next year, because there's a great pent-up demand. And I think we're going to have a tremendous election and I think you see it. I think we're -- you know, the death and all of the things that have been caused by stupidity, incompetence -- or another reason, whatever that may be. It's a horrible thing.

Donald Trump: It's a horrible thing. Should've never happened. They should've never allowed that to happen. It could've been stopped at the source and it wasn't.

Salena Zito: Is there a way to hold them accountable at this moment?

Donald Trump: Yeah, there is. There is a way.

Salena Zito: You're not going to tell me?

Donald Trump: I won't answer it. It's very sad. It's a very sad thing. And by the way, you know, we were just cruising.

Salena Zito: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And now, it's a different kind of a campaign, but I think we'll do equally as well. But it can never be as happy, because of the death. Economically, I think we're going to do as well or better, but all of the death all over the world, not just here. So, now 186 -- 186 countries.

Salena Zito: The DNC is considering all sorts of options, including not holding their convention.

Donald Trump: I think it's a good move when you have Biden as a candidate. I think it's a good move for them. Let them save money.

Donald Trump: Does that impact how you're going to do? --

Donald Trump: No, no. We'll have a convention. I'm a traditionalist, but we'll have to see, like everything else, but I think we'll be in good shape by that time. We have a great state, North Carolina, that's been very, very good. Although, it's got a Democrat governor, so we have to be a little bit careful. It's got a Democrat governor, so we have to be a little bit careful with that, because they're playing politics.

Donald Trump: They're playing politics, as you know, by delaying the openings.

Salena Zito: I wanted to... Yeah, I wanted to ask you about that.

Donald Trump: To me that's politics. They think it's a bad thing for me if they delay the opening. I think it's bad for them. And you have people protesting outside, and those people like Trump.

Salena Zito: I was going to ask you about -- the Democrats believe that they can run on you ruining the economy, but --

Donald Trump: Even they don't believe that. Honestly, I've never even been hit by that. They're not saying that. Look, we had the greatest economy in history, we have the most jobs we've ever had, the biggest stock markets we've ever had. There's never been a time where this country did better. And then, one day, I had to turn it off, and I turned it off.

Donald Trump: And one day, it went from the greatest to turned off. It was like turning off a machine, but now the machine is starting again, and it's going to be a beautiful thing. We're going to have a phenomenal next year, watch. We're going to have a transition third quarter. We're not there yet. We're going to have a transition into the third quarter and that'll be really nice.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a very good fourth quarter, especially toward the end. And we're going to have a phenomenal next year. And I did it once, I'm going to do it again. Don't forget, this wasn't like where a market goes terrible. This was, we turned it off like you turn off the switch. So, it was artificially induced.

Donald Trump: We'll be able to do it again, so 100%. And Biden can't do it. He doesn't know he's alive.

Salena Zito: Do you foresee yourself being able to debate him in the fall?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so. I know that we want to get out of the debate. They're saying that they won't be able to debate because of COVID-19. He could say COVID-17, but that's okay. And they said that they won't be able to debate. Well, I'd like to debate. As you know, I did well on the debates. I wouldn't be standing here, but no, I heard there's a rumor that... I don't know if you guys have been seeing this, but they don't want to debate because of COVID, okay.

Donald Trump: As he said, COVID-17, but COVID-19 is not the reason to not debate.

Salena Zito: You've had to balance between the fear of everyone's health, and then the fear of economic devastation.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Salena Zito: And some people have experienced both, have had a death in the family, they've also lost their jobs. How do you navigate that and what's your message?

Donald Trump: I think we've done it just right. We've turned it off. A lot of people have learned things like we've learned right now. We didn't know about distancing. I used to be in an interview, I was this far away from her. I'd still like to be that far away, but we'll have to wait about two months. No, I think that we've done it just right, because otherwise we would had 2 million deaths.

Donald Trump: We're going to have 90, 100, 110. We're going to have in that, which is the lowest estimate, OK, if you go by the models. And models are wrong. You have models made all over the world and all been sort of wrong. If we did it another way, we would've had two, two and a half million, you could've had more than that.

Donald Trump: Wouldn't have been acceptable. Think of having 100,000 and now multiplying times 15. That would be at the low end. It's not sustainable or acceptable. So we did it right, but now we have to get back. And the difference is, if you did it then, people wouldn't have understood what was happening. Now they fully understand.

Donald Trump: Everyone understands this now. They understand what you have to do. We also have to protect our seniors in particular and people that are sick. People that have diabetes. It's bad. People that have a bad heart, it's bad. And elderly or senior, it's a very tough disease. I lost five people that I know. A couple of very good friends, too, out of it.

Salena Zito: I'm so sorry to hear.

Donald Trump: I never lost anybody to the flu. Look, I've had people having the flu. I said, "Hey, how are you doing with the flu?" They had the flu. I never had the flu. You know, the first thing they did, they want to give me a flu shot. I never had the flu. And I come to the White House, "Sir, we have to give you a flu shot." I said, "Why?" And I took it. I don't know if I should have.

Donald Trump: Who knows? Three times now. I've taken three flu shots, but anyway...

Salena Zito: You see young people struggling with not being at school. You have a young son yourself.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Salena Zito: What are your thoughts about education returning?

Donald Trump: I do. You have to have the schools open in the fall. They have to be open. It has very little impact on young people. Almost none. Now there's a very unusual phenomenon with very, very few tiny percentage, and you've been reading about that.

Salena Zito: Yeah. There's a hundred cases, I think, total.

Donald Trump: But outside of that, we can't close a whole school system, because you lose more people in an accident in two days. We can't close our whole country over that. But outside of that, the children have been very strong, and it's amazing. The younger they are, the better they do.

Salena Zito: Right.

Donald Trump: Which tells you about immunity. Right?

Salena Zito: Right.

Donald Trump: But we have to protect our seniors. We have to protect our senior citizen centers. And we're spending a lot of money on that. A lot. And we're taking care of our seniors. If you look at Washington state and what happened there with their senior citizens and other places.

Salena Zito: Here, too. 70% of the people that have died or they've been...

Donald Trump: Here. And New York.

Salena Zito: Yeah.

Donald Trump: If you look at what happened, it's terrible, but they haven't focused on the seniors and they haven't focused on the senior citizens' places. You had one the other day, 88 people died in one place. And it's incredible. So, there you have to focus. And when you go back to school, I think any instructor over 60 or 65, and if they have any form of heart problem or diabetes, they shouldn't go back for another maybe period of a month or two.

Donald Trump: Let the system pass. In addition, we're going to have a vaccine. I feel confident we'll have a vaccine by the end of the year. And I think therapeutically, we're already doing very good work. We're going to have a lot of good things happen. We have a lot of great people working on it. We're going to have a lot of good things, therapeutically and with a vaccine.

Donald Trump: And I think you'll have it by the end of the year.

Salena Zito: Here in Pennsylvania, a lot of rural counties are sort of upset that had a low amount of cases with the exception of nursing homes, but they're still not being allowed to even move into the yellow phase, which is still pretty restrictive.

Donald Trump: That's what happens when you have a Democrat governor that's playing politics. I see your capital. They have a lot of people up there protesting today. They have the Trump signs all over the place, too, and nothing to do with us. Just like this crowd. That's your poll. I mean, that's your poll. You had to see this coming in. I wish you could've, but they're also up at the capital...

Salena Zito: I'm sure they'll be waiting for you when you leave.

Donald Trump: Well, they probably will. They probably will. Even here they've done a fantastic job. This is a distribution center. They've done a fantastic job. All this stuff, most of it's made in America. I've done that. I used to do that before we almost knew each other.

Salena Zito: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We've known each other a long time. Here's our chief of staff. You know Mark. Mark Meadows.

Salena Zito: Hi, Mark. How are you? I'm used to calling you congressman. Oh, I know you have to go. One last question.

Donald Trump: Bring her to the White House some time and do an interview. Meadows: Yeah, we'll do that.

Salena Zito: That'd be great. One last question. A lot of people have talked about wanting to... Because of the supply chain here, and because when this first came out, we found out we didn't make a lot of things.

Donald Trump: Right.

Salena Zito: A lot of people have said, 60% of Americans said that they're more than willing to pay more for things that are made here --

Donald Trump: And they won't even have to, but they are willing to. They won't even have to. We have the craziest supply chains. Under President Obama we'd build a jet. A jet fighter plane. And we would make a fuselage in Turkey. We'd make another part in Spain, we'd make another... We're all over the place. If one country has a problem, you don't make the plane.

Donald Trump: It's the craziest thing. We're going to make them all here. We want to make our product in the United States. And you know me almost better than anybody. I've been saying that for a long time.

Salena Zito: You absolutely have.

Donald Trump: And we've been doing it. We've been doing it. Or we would've really had a problem. Right now, we're distributing a lot. We opened. We were just at Honeywell where they make masks, I don't know if you saw that. They opened up two big factories. All they do is Honeywell of all... You don't think of them for masks.

Donald Trump: They're very high tech, like dashboards of planes, et cetera. Now we're doing a lot of our things right in the U.S.A.

Salena Zito: Mr. President, thank you very much. I'd shake your hand, but probably cause a national incident.

Donald Trump: Did you make a prediction this election yet?

Salena Zito: No, not yet. Check with me in July, but it...

Donald Trump: It won't change.

Salena Zito: Yeah, I don't think so. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Salena, take care of yourself.

Salena Zito: Thank you very much, sir.

Donald Trump: You're doing great.

Salena Zito: Thank you. Thank you