Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wmur-manchester-nh-adam-sexton-august-28-2020

Adam Sexton: True to form, you hold no punches in that acceptance speech. Certainly all week long, Joe Biden taking a lot of incoming fire in the convention and from you on the podium there. Tell us, do you believe Joe Biden is a danger to the United States of America?

Donald Trump: I don't think he's competent and he's not ready to lead. He's lost that. I don't think he was ever ready to lead. If you look at his record, he made every mistake you could make, and this is over years. And no, I don't believe he's competent.

Adam Sexton: In New Hampshire, Mr. President, you have a lot of parents who are anxious about sending their kids back to school in this pandemic. Certainly you as the father of a school age young man could sympathize. Are their fears legitimate?

Donald Trump: Well, New Hampshire, number one is doing very, very well in terms of the, as I call it, the China virus. You have a great governor. He's doing an incredible job. Your numbers are very, very low and young children just don't have very much of a problem. I mean, it's a tiny percentage of 1%. and you have to open up your state.

Donald Trump: You have to open up your country and that's what we're doing and we're doing it to record numbers. So, no, I think you absolutely have to open up your schools, have football and all of those things. But in New Hampshire in particular, your numbers are so low. The governor's done a great job and other representatives.

Adam Sexton: They tell us, Mr. President, these people here love you. Speaking of the pandemic, they would do just about anything for you, right? There's a lot of faith that they place in you. Even taking every precaution here there's still the danger of transmitting the virus. My question is given that danger, why put these people, your people, at even the slightest risk?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to have anybody have any risk, and these are incredible people. We have a very big venue. It's outdoor or essentially outdoor, which I think is good. That's why we're doing it here instead of one of the arenas. You have some pretty good arenas in New Hampshire. We're doing it here for that reason.

Donald Trump: But no, we don't want any risks. We have thousands of people lined up and down the runways. I just said, why couldn't we have them come over? And the reason they didn't want to have the crowd be too tight. So you have a lot of distancing in there. But the great thing is New Hampshire has done so well. Your numbers are very, very low.

Adam Sexton: Mr. President, the vice presidential nominee on the democratic side, Kamala Harris is calling for the officer who shot Jacob Blake in Kenosha, Wisconsin to face criminal charges. Do you believe that officer was justified in that shooting?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm looking into it very strongly. I'll be getting reports and I'll certainly let you know pretty soon. But it was not a good site. I didn't like the site of it, certainly, and I think most people would agree with that. But we'll be getting reports in very soon and we'll report back then.

Adam Sexton: Mr. President, how do you solve the police violence problem or is there a police violence problem?

Donald Trump: Well, the problem is that if you have one bad policemen or if you have a policemen that frankly chokes, they make a mistake, they choke, they could be in the force for a long time, but there were never under that pressure. For that one second or less than a second, they have to make a decision. And if they make a bad decision, it's all over the world.

Donald Trump: What you don't see is the thousands and thousands of great decisions that are made when people are saved. So we have to understand that. I mean, people can make a mistake. That doesn't make them bad, they choked. Bad things happen and it can happen. And we have to protect our police.

Donald Trump: We have to allow our police to have the respect that they used to have. And if you look at these Democrat run cities, it's a disaster what's going on. The top 10 cities in terms of crime and violence are Democrat run cities, and including Washington DC, by the way. You take a look at that. We have a mayor that doesn't know what she's doing.

Donald Trump: In New York you have a mayor that doesn't know what he's doing. In Chicago you have a mayor that's having a hard time. These are all Democrats. And in some cases, radical left Democrats. Take a look at Portland. That's another one. So look, the Republicans have done a great job. We have great cities that we have very low crime rates.

Adam Sexton: Last question here, Mr. President, you've had a lot to say about how this election is going to be administered in November. Here in New Hampshire, they've expanded absentee voting. It was a bipartisan decision of the governor and the legislature. There's going to be a lot more absentee voting. You're nominee to the Election Integrity Commission, Bill Gardener said it's going to go smoothly.

Adam Sexton: Do you believe that people, including yourself, should respect and accept the outcome of the election here in New Hampshire in November?

Donald Trump: Well, I do, but absentee voting is much different than other states are talking about. They're talking about unsolicited where thousands and even millions of ballots are sent to people. Absentee voting is a much different thing. I like absentee voting because you have to request and get it. That's good.

Donald Trump: You have to go through a process. But unsolicited voting where they send millions of ballots out to people that they have no idea who the people are, what's going on, they have very little idea. If you take a look at what's happened, it's terrible. But with New Hampshire, I have great confidence in your governor.

Donald Trump: I think your governor is doing a great job and I have great.... And I do like... Absentee is good. But, if you're just going to take ballots that are sent in a sense, indiscriminately to millions of people, nobody could be in favor of that, and it hasn't worked out well at all. But what you're doing in New Hampshire is absentee voting and that's a good thing. That's okay.

Adam Sexton: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.