Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jon-evans-wect-wilmington-september-2-2020

Jon Evans: Welcome back to Wilmington, Sir.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. That's quite a turnout, I will say. That's really nice.

Jon Evans: What makes today such a special event for you to make the trip?

Donald Trump: Well, we're honoring great heroes, including congressional medal of honor winners. One of them, Woody, is 97 years old and he's sharp as a tack. They say 78 is old. 78 is not old, it's not old. It should be fine. We may be old, but it's not old. I look at Woody, 97, and he's a hundred percent. really amazing.

Jon Evans: Wilmington has done a great job preserving its World War II history. For it to be named the first World War II Heritage City is a tremendous honor.

Donald Trump: That's right. It's a big deal. It's a big thing in the whole country and it's an honor. You have a lot of television, you have a lot of media there. I'm going, as you know, to the Battleship, the great Battleship North Carolina. I saw a picture of it on the plane coming out. There are plenty of televisions on that plane.

Donald Trump: It was a picture sailing in Prime Time, right?

Jon Evans: Yes.

Donald Trump: They don't build them like that anymore. I have to say that is one beautiful ship.

Jon Evans: What do you have to do to win North Carolina again in 2020, Sir?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're winning. I think we're winning. But one thing, I have a grand daughter who is just in Carolina, which helps.

Jon Evans: Okay.

Donald Trump: But I do believe we're winning. We can say that without question you had the best year you've ever had, the economy has here. We're now back, we had to close it up. We saved millions of lives. We're now back to a B. I think the city couldn't be a B, it's more than a B, it's a super B. The jobs are coming back.

Donald Trump: Nine million less what were erected in the history of our country, and it's all coming back. This State in particular is doing very well, so we're very proud of if. We're very, very proud of it.

Jon Evans: 600,000 people could vote by absentee in this State.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I don't like that.

Jon Evans: Are you confident in that system?

Donald Trump: Well, they'll go out and they'll vote, and they're going to have to go and check their vote by going to the poll and voting that way because if it tabulates then they won't be able to do that. So let them send it in, and let them go vote. And if their system is as good as they say it is then obviously they won't be able to vote.

Donald Trump: If it isn't tabulated they'll be able to vote. So that's the way it is, and that's what they should do. I don't like the idea of these unsolicited votes. I never did. It leads to a lot of problems. They've got 11 problems already on very small contests, so I'm not happy about it.

Donald Trump: At the same time we're in court with a lot of it. We're going to see if it could be stopped. But send in your ballots, send them in strong, whether it's solicited or unsolicited. The absentees are fine, we have to work to get them. You know, it means something. And you send them in, but you've got to vote.

Donald Trump: If they haven't counted it, you can vote. So, that's the way I view it.

Jon Evans: Enjoy your day today in Wilmington, Sir.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you very much. You've been such a gentleman.

Jon Evans: Thank you.

Donald Trump: really a great job, man. Thank you very much.

Jon Evans: Thanks.

Donald Trump: See you later.