Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-joe-st-george-scripps-june-22-2020

Joe St. George: Mr. President, thanks for taking a few moments to ask --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Joe St. George: -- answer a few of our questions. I want to start with the coronavirus. I watched the rally in Tulsa, you told your supporters how you closed borders, created PPE --

Donald Trump: Right.

Joe St. George: -- but sir, there was no physical distancing inside that event. You're going to Arizona tomorrow, an indoor church for a rally with young people, thousands of young people. Are you potentially putting the lives of Americans at risk by continuing to hold these indoor events? Cases in Arizona are spiking, sir.

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, I don't think so. We're just -- I'm making a speech tomorrow for a group. That's a very, very good group, young people, and I don't know how they have it set up, but I'm going to Arizona. It's a great place. Great state.

Joe St. George: Not worried at all then.

Donald Trump: I'm not worried about it. No, not at all. We watch it. We're very careful.

Joe St. George: I have a lot of viewers in Florida, Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan, who are still struggling economically, sir. They spent all of that first stimulus check. Are you going to get them a second stimulus check`?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we are. We are, look, we had this --

Joe St. George: When? When are you gonna get it?

Donald Trump: We had this going better than anybody's ever seen before. We had the best job numbers, the best economics, the best economy we've ever had. And then we had the virus come in from China and now we're rebuilding it again. We will be doing another stimulus package. It will be very good. It will be very generous.

Joe St. George: How much? How much? How much? People wanna know

Donald Trump: You'll find out about it. And you'll find that.

Joe St. George: When are you going to do it? When are you gonna announce it?

Donald Trump: Uh, I think over the next, uh, I think it's going to be bipartisan. I think it's going to be over the next couple of weeks, probably.

Joe St. George: On Saturday night, you said that you told your staff to slow the testing down to improve the numbers. Does that mean someone watching this right now when their local news is not going to get a test because you asked your staff?

Donald Trump: We do more testing than any country in the world by far, 25 million tests. Other countries do 1 million. Every time you do a test, as you do more tests that shows more and more cases. So we're so far advanced, both in terms of the quality and the amount. And we're doing all these tests and it shows cases if other countries aren't doing, or if we did slow it down, we wouldn't show nearly as many cases.

Donald Trump: You're showing people that are asymptomatic. You're showing people that have very little problem. You're showing young people that don't have a problem, but we're doing so much testing 25 million tests. Nobody thought that was possible.

Joe St. George: But did you asked to slow it down?

Donald Trump: Uh, if it did slow down, frankly, I think we're way ahead of ourselves. If you want to know the truth. We've done too good a job. Because every time we go out with 25 million tests, you're going to find more people. So then they say, oh, uh, we have more cases in the United States. The reason we have more cases because we do more testing than any other country by far, by probably 20 million people.

Donald Trump: So when we have more cases, you look at some of these countries that don't even report. You think China's reporting their numbers. Do you think that other countries, I won't mention names, are reporting that numbers? We are so far advanced in testing and in some ways that hurts us.

Joe St. George: How many times do you want to debate Joe Biden? We've heard you want to go more than three times.

Donald Trump: Uh, I'll do whatever I'm supposed to do. I don't think he wants to debate at all. I've seen that, uh, he wants to try and blame COVID for that too. He's not getting out of his basement. He's got a, you know, basement deal going. And when people see what's happened to Joe, uh, he wasn't good at primetime and now we'll see what happens.

Joe St. George: Respectfully, sir, I covered politics in Colorado for five years. This morning, you tweeted about how mail-in ballots will be -- will be fraudulent, but I never did a story or heard your friend, Senator Cory Gardner, say that mail-in ballots are fraudulent. People in Colorado have been voting -- voting by mail for years, sir.

Joe St. George: Any specific evidence?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Joe St. George: Where's the specific evidence that there is -- there is --

Donald Trump: There are thousands of cases all over, uh, thousands.

Joe St. George: Specific case?

Donald Trump: I don't like the system and I did pretty well in Colorado could have won Colorado, but, uh, I could have won. I almost, uh,

Joe St. George: Do you blame mail-in ballots, sir?

Donald Trump: Uh, I can't tell you what it is. I thought I would have one Colorado, frankly. I love Colorado and the people like me and we have a lot of the similar values. Uh, we do a lot of economic development there. A lot of things are planned. No, I don't like mail-in ballots. I don't think it's good for Colorado either.

Donald Trump: I don't know. Did the -- did they find anything in Colorado? I can tell you this. There are thousands of cases all over the -- One -- An example, an example, all over the country you have thousands of cases. A friend of mine gets a ballot, his son, unfortunately, passed away seven years ago. He gets a ballot for his son to vote.

Donald Trump: That's one case, but there are thousands and thousands of cases. The other thing is with mail-in ballots, people can forge them. Foreign countries can print them. They get the same paper the same press --

Joe St. George: Why don't you order them to have Americans print the ballot, sir?

Donald Trump: Uh, I'm not ordering anything. I'm just, uh, we shouldn't have mail-in ballots. You should have certain things. If you can't be at a location like I'm here. And I can't vote in Florida, I'm at the White House. So you do something where that's taken care of. And that works out fine. But in California, they sent tens of millions of slips out, of balance out.

Donald Trump: They put them in mailboxes, people take them, they take them from the mailman and they print them. They fraudulently print them. It's a very bad system. It's going to lead to a tremendous fraud and we're trying to stop it. Mail-in ballots are a disaster. And I'm sure they're not good in Colorado too.

Joe St. George: You're gonna make any changes to your campaign?

Donald Trump: Uh, we're doing, I think, very well. We just started.

Joe St. George: So you still trust your campaign manager?

Donald Trump: I trust everybody. Yeah. I trust everybody. We're doing very well. I had a lot of the same people on the first campaign.