Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-raymond-arroyo-fox-the-ingraham-angle-january-24-2020

Note: [The interview was conducted after the March for Life rally on January 24, 2020 and aired at 10:00 p.m. ET that day. This transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's "The Ingraham Angle" and was verified against the video. Also note there are edits in the interview, but between question-answer pairs.]

Raymond Arroyo: They claimed the other day that Hunter Biden had nothing to do with this, these are groundless changes. Your reaction to that.

Donald Trump: Well when you look at the Bidens and the Biden family, when somebody with actually, not a job, who just was taken out of the Navy -- I mean, thrown out of the Navy, had nothing, all of a sudden the father becomes vice president, he's making millions of dollars -- the son is making millions and millions of dollars. And we're not only talking about Ukraine, we're talking about from China, and they think there are other countries too that will be found out as we go along. And there are those that are saying it's extremely dishonest, it's corruption. And it is corruption --

Raymond Arroyo: You heard what they said. They said you weren't interested until Biden was rising in the polls.

Donald Trump: Well it looks to me like he might not even make it, and he was one of how many, 25 or 26 people? And it's so ridiculous to think that. And you have to understand when I made that call, there might have been 25 people on the call. You know, I know that there are many people on all of those calls.

Raymond Arroyo: Listening and watching, yes.

Donald Trump: When you're talking to a world leader they even have a print-tag on the call, they have a lot of people on the call. So can you imagine -- I wouldn't do it anyway -- but can you imagine with all of these people -- Mike Pompeo Secretary of State was on -- with all of these people on the call, I'm going to say something that's inappropriate? That call was perfect. I mean, people have -- when they read the transcript, they say that call was perfect.

Raymond Arroyo: Before I get back to the pro-life, this major event, history making moment, the ABC News is reporting a recording of Lev Parnas, another Rudy Giuliani affiliate and you, purportedly, at the Trump Hotel from April of 2018 where you were quoted as saying of Marie Yovanovitch, the Ukrainian Ambassador, get rid of her, take her out -- OK, do it. Were you relying on Lev Parnas --

Donald Trump: No, no.

Raymond Arroyo: To get rid of your ambassador?

Donald Trump: No, but I have a lot of people, and you know, he's somebody that, I guess, based on pictures that I see, goes to fundraisers. But I am not a fan of that ambassador, just so you understand. From what I understand, and I heard this a long time ago -- she wouldn't put my picture up. She was an Obama appointee, I believe, and she wouldn't put my -- my picture up.

Raymond Arroyo: But were you telling Parnas to get rid of her? I mean, you have a State Department.

Donald Trump: Well, I wouldn't have been saying that. I probably would have said -- it was Rudy there, or somebody -- but I make no bones about it, I want to have ambassadors -- I have every right, I want ambassadors that are chosen by me. I have a right to hire and fire ambassadors, and that's a very important thing. But even if you look at the conversation I had with the president, he didn't like her -- because in there, he didn't like her. So I don't know, I didn't hear this, but if they had it --

Raymond Arroyo: It's breaking now, yeah.

Donald Trump: I will tell you right now, I feel strongly that this is somebody that shouldn't be with us, she wasn't popular even in the country. And the new president who ran on a corruption --

Raymond Arroyo: But Parnas might have been at a table you were at or at a function -- we don't know the --

Donald Trump: Something -- could be, sure. But you have to understand, I would see -- I see thousands of people. I just left Florida where I was shaking hands, taking pictures with hundreds and hundreds of people in one night.

Raymond Arroyo: What would be your advice to your defense team? Look, you're a man of T.V., after Ronald Reagan, or with Ronald Reagan, probably the man who knows T.V. better than anybody. What do you want to see from your defense team? What would be your advice to them?

Donald Trump: So I watched all the lies, and I watched all of the misstatements. It's a fraud. I watched Schiff prior to this, he wouldn't say it now -- can't -- but he tried to make up a statement that I made. That's why I released the transcript. They were making up a lot of statements that were just false. I watched him say that there were eight quid pro quos.

Donald Trump: There were none. I watched him -- this is why I had to release this. I mean, we got approval from Ukraine and I released it. I don't want to do it. Many people heard the conversation that were on the line -- but I don't want to do this -- but we got approval from Ukraine. I watched him say, you know, the end -- the mob -- he made like a mob kind of -- don't call me, I'll call you.

Donald Trump: That's like a mob, that's from "The Godfather," or someplace. So I watched all of this Raymond, and I said this is terrible, we have to release it. It was a total lie. It was a fabrication. It was a made up statement. What my people have to do is just be honest, just tell the truth. They've been testifying, the Democrats, they've been telling so many lies, so many fabrications, so much exaggeration.

Donald Trump: And this is not impeachable. In fact, I don't even know how to determine this, but they say it's not a crime, everybody says that -- the other side says it -- it's not a crime. They say, but it doesn't have to be a crime. Well, maybe it doesn't have to be a crime, but can you imagine being impeached and you didn't commit a crime? So there's no crime. This is a political, horrible witch hunt. And they're doing it to try and win an election, and it's not going to happen.

Note: [Break in Interview]

Raymond Arroyo: Mr. President, talking to people coming in here, they were saying you elevated this movement and that you made them feel included. Others are saying you're doing this for politics, it's an election year. When was the moment when you went from pro-choice to pro-life? Was there a moment?

Donald Trump: Well it was, and there was a specific moment. And it was quite a while ago, but it was something that's turned out to be even more -- I think probably even more of a truth than I would have thought at the time. But it's just an honor to be here today. You know, they have tens of thousands of people outside too, Raymond.

Raymond Arroyo: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: So this was their all-time record, and I think they beat it by a lot. And, incredible people -- they're just incredible people.

Note: [Edit in Interview]

Raymond Arroyo: I've got to ask you this. You came here and marched with this March for Life, and these -- this pro-life community for the first time in history. Why did you feel you had to come at this moment in American history?

Donald Trump: I think it's just timing that's -- it's under siege. You know, religious liberty is under siege. If you look at everything that the folks here stand for that we're surrounded by, that's under siege. I just thought it would be good. I was here, I was in D.C. The march was going to be successful, but we made it much more successful. And I think it sets a -- it sets a good tone. I know now they're going to march down to the Supreme Court.

Raymond Arroyo: Right.

Donald Trump: And that'll be a beautiful thing to see, and there won't be riots, and there won't be fighting, and it just -- you know, these are incredible people.

Raymond Arroyo: All over the country.

Donald Trump: And I just felt -- I just felt it was a great time to do it. You really are, you're bringing a lot of people together and that's good.