Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-news-sunday-morning-futures-maria-bartiromo-october-11-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided courtesy of Fox News Channel's Sunday Morning Futures. It was cross-checked and confirmed for accuracy. Video and transcript courtesy of Fox News Channel.]

Maria Bartiromo: [In Progress] live to the president of the United States, Donald J. Trump, on the telephone. Mr. President, thank you very much for being here.

Donald Trump: Good morning. Thank you.

Maria Bartiromo: I want to start with breaking news, and that is the note that you have revealed from your doctor, which says you are no longer considered a transmission risk. Does this suggest you no longer have COVID, sir?

Donald Trump: Yes. And not only that. It seems like I'm immune. So, I can go way out of a basement, which I would have done anyway, and which I did, because you have to run a country. You have to get out of the basement. And it looks like I'm immune for, I don't know, maybe a long time, or maybe a short time. It could be a lifetime.

Donald Trump: Nobody really knows. But I'm immune. So, the president is in very good shape to fight the battles.

Maria Bartiromo: But, Mr. President, I want you to -- I want you to answer your critics, because your critics are going -- really getting upset about your event at the White House yesterday, about your rally that you're planning tomorrow. They say it's still too soon for you to be around people and to be going out, that you could still spread COVID.

Maria Bartiromo: What are you doing in terms of insuring that everyone will be safe at your rally in Florida this week, tomorrow?

Donald Trump: Well, the doctors, the White House doctors, as you know, are the best. And they said totally free of spreading. There is no spread. And there wasn't yesterday either. And, by the way, I don't know if you noticed, I was on a balcony. The closest person was probably a couple of hundred feet away. And they were down in -- on grass.

Donald Trump: There was nobody even close to me yesterday. But, even yesterday, I knew I was free. I beat this crazy, horrible China virus. And it also gives you immunity. I mean, it does give you immunity. Even the -- the people that just cannot accept anything -- I mean, they just don't want to accept anything. No.

Donald Trump: ...we -- I passed the highest test, the highest standards, and I'm in great shape. And I have to tell you, I feel fantastically. I really feel good. And I even feel good by the fact that, you know, the word immunity means something. Having -- having really a protective glow, it means something. I think it's very important to have that.

Donald Trump: To have that is a very important thing.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President, you have been criticized for your handling of COVID-19. I want to take you back to when we first learned of COVID-19. And on January 16, the Senate was holding an impeachment trial of you. This trial ended on February 5, where you were acquitted. Did anyone mention COVID to you during that time?

Maria Bartiromo: Because you stopped all travel from China on January 31, which, obviously, in retrospect, was a very good move. But your colleagues in the Senate, Nancy Pelosi in the House and her colleagues, are saying that you did not handle COVID correctly, while they were actually trying to impeach you. Did the COVID conversation come up at all during the impeachment trial or around that date?

Donald Trump: ...because we were focused on impeachment. It was a fake impeachment. It turned out to be. And, in fact, if you look at the House, where we had 197-0 votes, we even got a Democrat or two voting for us, it was a disgrace. It was a total disgrace. No, it wasn't discussed. What was discussed was Nancy Pelosi and others saying that, keep the country -- don't ban China, don't do that.

Donald Trump: In fact, she was dancing on the streets of Chinatown in San Francisco. And the reason she was, because she wanted the business to come in. She didn't want to close up the country. And that was a long time after I had already closed it. Had I not -- Dr. Fauci said I saved thousands, tens of thousands of lives by acting that early.

Donald Trump: ...there were not a lot of people that agreed with me when I wanted to close it. And it was very interesting, but the prediction was 2.2 million people were going to die. So, we're over 200,000. And one is too many. I always say it. One is too many. Should have never happened. It's China's fault. But one is too many.

Donald Trump: ...2.2 million was the prediction as to how many people would die. We lost 200,000-plus. And, you know, there are those that say we did a phenomenal job. We did a phenomenal job.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President -- yes.

Donald Trump: And, if you look at all over the world, our mortality rate, our mortality rate is good. And our recovery rate, by the way, as an economy, is the number one in the world. We recovered faster and went down less than any other place. But our recovery rate is the best in the world, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President, I want to ask you about policy in a second term. But, first, I have got to get your reaction to what Nancy Pelosi said this weekend. She is questioning if those steroid treatments that you were on -- I know you're not on them anymore -- are influencing your decision-making. And, on Friday, she raised the idea of a presidential succession bill to alter the 25th Amendment process.

Maria Bartiromo: ...wants Congress to be able to take out a president if they deem he is unfit. Here's Nancy Pelosi this weekend. I have got to get your reaction. Listen to this.

Nancy Pelosi: [Begin Video Clip] The 25th Amendment creates a path for preserving stability if a president suffers a crippling physical or mental problem and is un -- quote -- in the amendment -- "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office and transfers his powers." Specifically, Section 4 of the amendment empowers Congress to set up an independent body to confront such a crisis. [End Video Clip]

Maria Bartiromo: ...President, your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, I think she's talking about Joe Biden, because, to be honest with you, he's the one that's got the problem. And, obviously, it's obvious to anybody that watches him speak. He's the one that got -- that has the problem. And they want to put a super radical left person in, like Kamala, who's worse than -- who's further left than Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: ...that whole thing is breaking up now, because the left isn't getting what they want. All of a sudden, they're back into fracking and all the things that they talked about they wouldn't do, and now they're saying they're going to do them. And the left is very unhappy. I'm going to get a lot of people because of my great policies on trade.

Donald Trump: They're going to -- just like last time, Bernie Sanders' people are going to vote for me because of what I have done on trade, because what I have done on trade is a miracle. And we have a long way to go, because, frankly, they interrupted it with the impeachment hoax and various other things. But, no, I think she's talking, and a lot of people think that she's talking about Joe Biden, getting him out.

Maria Bartiromo: Now, the...

Donald Trump: And, frankly, that's -- that's the way I view it. I certainly view it that way.

Maria Bartiromo: That...

Donald Trump: As far as medication, I'm not on any medication.

Maria Bartiromo: That -- yes.

Donald Trump: ...not on any medication.

Maria Bartiromo: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: ...the medications that I took were standard, pretty much routine, other than the one, which is a miracle. It's the antibody stuff, which is incredible, how it works. And we're going to be delivering that to hospitals. We're waiting for the emergency use authorization. And we're going to be delivering that to hospitals all over the country to take care -- and, ultimately, all over the world, because it's -- it's incredible.

Donald Trump: Actually, what we have done, Maria, during this short period of time, six, seven months, in terms of labs and doctors and medicines and therapeutics, and not even talking about vaccines, which are going to be phenomenal and coming out very soon, what we have done, nobody else could have done. And I got the FDA to approve things at levels of speed that nobody would have thought possible.

Donald Trump: It could have taken years, and I got them to do it in weeks. And they did the right thing, by the way. But you will see that very soon with the vaccines. And you will also see it with the antibodies. The antibodies have been fantastic.

Maria Bartiromo: ...when do you think Regeneron gets the emergency use authorization?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope... [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: What is the timing on that?

Donald Trump: I hope very soon. And Eli Lilly makes a similar product, a similar drug. And I hope it's going to be very soon, because I can tell you that it was great. No, I think I would have done well anyway, I think, you know, I hope. But who wants to take a chance, as the expression goes?

Maria Bartiromo: Of course.

Donald Trump: ...the antibody -- the antibody kind of thing that I took was -- I felt -- I felt really good almost after taking it. And what that does is, it gives people in hospitals -- as one of the scientists said to me, we will clean out the hospitals. We will get everybody out of the hospitals. This is really -- I know people call it a therapeutic, but, to me, it's a cure, OK?

Donald Trump: To me, it's a cure. I think it's much more than a therapeutic. And I want to get it immediately into the hospitals, and I want to -- it's a transfusion. It takes one hour. And it transfuses into the body. And I will tell you what. What a difference it is. And, again, I think I would have been fine. You know, I'm in good health.

Donald Trump: I think I would have been fine. And people have to realize that. And once you -- once you do recover, you're immune. So, now you have a president who doesn't have to hide in a basement, like his opponent.

Maria Bartiromo: ...-- yes.

Donald Trump: ...have a president who is immune, which is a big -- I think, which is a very important thing, frankly.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President, I have reported on FOX Business before that my medical sources have told me that Joe Biden had two brain aneurysms, not one, but two brain aneurysms. I pray to God it's not true, but my medical sources are solid on this that he has had two brain aneurysms. I hope he's OK. Do you believe that he should be disclosing that?

Maria Bartiromo: ...are you willing to commit to telling us any issues that may have been in the past for you, if he comes clean and tells us exactly what is the issue in terms of any mental issues that we need to know about...

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: ...for example, these two brain aneurysms that I have reported on in the past?

Donald Trump: Well, I have no issues. I mean, in all fairness, you have known me for a long time, and I have had no issues medically. And this was the first issue. And this is artificially induced by China. But I have no Issues. Yes, he should certainly come clean, and he should -- he should say something about that, absolutely, if that's the case.

Maria Bartiromo: Kevin McCarthy -- Kevin McCarthy said that he's seeking a way to test Nancy Pelosi's fitness as well in terms of her own mental state. I saw your tweet that she was actually targeting Joe Biden. But she is third in line for the presidency, and she did say that she's raising the possibility of becoming acting president in the event of a contested election.

Maria Bartiromo: Your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think she could pass basic aptitude tests, personally. I really don't. I don't believe it. And speaking about Joe Biden, if you look at Joe, he was coughing yesterday horribly, and grabbing his mask as he's coughing and speaking, and grabbing his mask and coughing. And I don't know what that was all about.

Donald Trump: ...it didn't get much press, because the press doesn't do that. But he was coughing yesterday quite badly, I must tell you. And it was not a good thing to watch. And, as he's coughing, he's grabbing his mask with his fingers. So, you may want to look into that too.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President, let's turn to policy. I'd like to insure that the American people understand your policy proposals, should you have a second term. I want to talk about taxes, economy, health care. Give us your proposals, your plans to get the economy back to where it was before COVID arrived, when we had a 3.5 percent unemployment rate back in February.

Maria Bartiromo: What do you want to do in terms of your policies in a second term, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, the first thing we have to do, Maria, is open up our country. You can't keep all these states closed up, the Democrat states. And they're not doing well. And the country is doing well. We're looking like a super V, but, you know, despite the fact -- I mean, New York has to open up. New York's like a ghost town.

Donald Trump: ...York is very sad, what's going on there, and -- and other places. We just won a case in Michigan against the governor, the governor that is -- I call her the complainer in chief. All she does is complain, except when she's on the phone directly. All she does is say, thank you very much for doing such a great job.

Donald Trump: ...the fact is that you have to open up Wisconsin. You have to open up North Carolina and Pennsylvania. We won another case there about opening it up, because it's unconstitutional, what these people are doing. So, number one, you have to open it up. You have got to get the kids back in school. And if you look at 99.9 percent with children, I mean, they're very -- their immune systems are very strong.

Donald Trump: ...we have to get the schools open. We have to get the place open. These people are doing it. And, by the way, after the election, about two minutes after the election, they will announce that they're opening. And they -- they know what they're doing. Look, they know what they're doing. And it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: ...I think -- and the other thing is, I don't know if you have seen, but we're doing very well. We're up in Miami. We're up in Arizona. We're up in many, many states, more than we were last time. And I think we're doing very well.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, I just want to say, Governor Cuomo's office called me to say that they're not looking at locking anything down until the election. In fact, he said that there are two areas with spikes in New York that are on pause. That's in Queens and Brooklyn. Two-week period went into effect past Thursday, October 8, and they will remain that way for two weeks.

Maria Bartiromo: ...they're doing it on a rolling basis, in order to see when things can open up. But New York, obviously, has been in bad shape. A lot of restaurants are going to go under. The economy there is struggling. And that's one of the issues in terms of the stimulus. Where are we on the stimulus talks? Will you give money to places like New York?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: Will the government give money to places like New York? Will you agree to that?

Donald Trump: Well, Republicans want to do it. We're having a hard time with Nancy Pelosi. She thinks she can influence the election. And I think they're hurting themselves by not doing it. But the Republicans want to do it. We want to do stimulus. We want to help the airlines again, because the airlines is always a tough business.

Donald Trump: We want to help the restaurants, hotels. We want to help businesses that, really, it's not -- it's not their fault. It's China's fault. And we want to help them, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: And, frankly, we're ready to go. We're all ready to go. We can't get Nancy Pelosi to sign the document.

Maria Bartiromo: ...me move on to the policies, differences, because I want you to know and I want our audience to know we have invited, myself and my team have invited Vice President Joe Biden, as well as vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris, on this program many times. So far, they have said: No, we're unavailable.

Donald Trump: Well, they won't do it, Maria, because you will ask them questions.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: They won't -- they won't go on your show, because you will ask them questions. I watched that town hall that NBC gave them -- gave him the other night. That was like for a child. They were asking questions that you would ask a child, a young child. And I have never seen anything like it. But I have watched this process, where he has the questions, and then he reads an answer from a reporter, a legitimate reporter -- or not anymore, in my opinion, legitimate.

Donald Trump: ...I watched where they give him the questions. And they -- he reads the answer from a computer. Nobody's ever seen anything like this in history before, what's going on. It's a real disgrace.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...then you look at this guy Scully, he turned out to be a fraud. You look at Scully, he was a never-Trumper. And you look at what -- and then he said he was hacked. That's always -- you know, Anthony Weiner said he was hacked too. They all said they were hacked. Every time something happens where they did something and got caught, the first thing they do is, they say, oh, we were hacked.

Donald Trump: ...we were hacked. Well, he wasn't hacked. He knows that. He's ashamed. It's a shame. And I hear that C-SPAN is very upset with what happened.

Maria Bartiromo: So...

Donald Trump: ...Scully, he was going to be -- and Chris Wallace was a disaster, because Chris Wallace went out and -- went out and just kept saving Biden. Every time you would ask a question, Chris Wallace would save Biden. You know, I understand Chris for a long time. I liked his father.

Maria Bartiromo: Well...

Donald Trump: ...father was great. His father, you know, had me on "60 Minutes" a number of times.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, look, Chris Wallace -- Chris Wallace -- Chris Wallace tried to do a good job at the debate.

Donald Trump: Well, he didn't succeed.

Maria Bartiromo: ...me move on to policy, sir. Well, Joe Biden wants to raise taxes by $4 trillion, Mr. President. He wants to take the corporate tax rate back up to 28 percent. He wants to take capital gains taxes back up to 39.6 percent.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: ...he says he's only going to raise taxes on anybody making $400,000 or more. But, while saying that, he also says he's going to completely reverse your tax cut plan.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Maria Bartiromo: Now, your tax cut plan lowered taxes for all income levels. So, if he's going to reverse it, that means all income levels are going to see increase taxes. Is that politics? Is that a lie that...

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: ...he's saying it's $400,000?

Donald Trump: Well, everything he says is a lie, and he gets away with it. No Republican, especially me, but no Republican could get away with what he does. If he terminates -- and he said he's going to terminate my tax cuts -- well, that means $2,000, plus, plus, plus, and that doesn't even include the $1,000 child tax credit that everybody gets.

Donald Trump: ...you're talking about $2,000, plus child tax credit, plus many other things. And then, if he goes with his energy policy, where he wants to end -- he's going to end fracking. You know that. He's going to end petroleum products, even though that'll put us at a tremendous disadvantage -- not even disadvantage.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't be able to compete with the world. But he's going to end that. So, now, instead of $2 gasoline, you're going to be paying $6 gasoline. He wants to take cars away from people. The whole thing is insane, OK? It's insane. So, how can the auto industry vote for a guy that wants to take your cars away?

Donald Trump: ...he literally wants to take your cars away. I mean, the whole thing is -- what he is saying is crazy. Now, he gets away with it, because he can say whatever he wants. He said for a year, there will be no fracking. And you heard that many times, Maria. He couldn't say it any stronger. Then, all of a sudden, he said, there's going to be fracking, as soon as he gets the nomination, there's going to be fracking.

Donald Trump: ...you know he doesn't mean that, because he doesn't control it. He's weak. And he doesn't control it. His party controls him. The killers of his party control him. He agreed to the manifesto with Bernie Sanders, AOC, and all of these people. He agreed to it. If you ever read that manifesto, our country goes out of business.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, I have it here.

Donald Trump: We become Venezuela. No, we become Venezuela. But he agreed to everything in there. But, when he's on television, he doesn't say that. Now, in Pennsylvania, if you stop fracking, you won't have a Pennsylvania. Texas, Oklahoma, North Dakota, many, many states, Ohio, you have to frack. You have to frack. And if they don't frack, energy's going to go through the roof, and you're going the lose millions and millions of jobs.

Donald Trump: Well, this guy, all of a sudden, the minute he gets in -- he goes, he says, no, we will frack. Now, he put a little caveat on it.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...the fact is, I have never seen such lying as this. And they don't even question him. They don't even call him out. It's incredible, actually.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President, I want to get through...

Donald Trump: ...Pennsylvania can't vote for him.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Pennsylvania, Maria, can't vote for him, because they'd be out of business. Texas, he's against guns, he's against God, and he's against oil.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...then I hear Texas? I mean, we're winning Texas by a lot. I think we're winning everything by a lot, you want to know the truth, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: I want to go through this -- policy differences, and then I have got to get to the declassifications as well. So, let me move on. Taxes. Speak to voters right now, Mr. President. What do you want to do with taxes, particularly the middle class? And then give us your health care plan, because the -- Kamala Harris at the debate said that the GOP's push to end Obamacare means -- quote -- "They are coming for you." They are criticizing you, saying that you have no plan for preexisting conditions.

Maria Bartiromo: ...what's your response, in terms of speaking to voters on taxes and on health care, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, on preexisting conditions, they know that's false. The Obamacare, we have run it really well. We got rid of the individual mandate, which was the key to Obamacare, but the most unpopular thing, where you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having good health care for -- and just a disaster.

Donald Trump: I got rid of it. That was a big thing. That changed Obamacare. That really didn't even make it Obamacare. But it's still no good. And we manage it much better than them. Remember with the $5 billion server? We manage it much -- the Web site. We manage it much better than them. But Obamacare's no good. We are going to have new health care.

Donald Trump: We are going to protect people with preexisting conditions, and they're going to pay a lot less money for the new health care. Now, we have already been doing that through different plans, through Department of Labor, et cetera, et cetera. We have already been doing it. We have some great plans. But what they want to do is get rid of 180 million people who have great private health care that they love.

Donald Trump: ...they want to take it away and go socialized medicine. It's going to be a disaster. As far as taxes, we gave the largest tax cut in the history of our country, and a big beneficiary were middle-income people. We're giving a middle-income tax cut very soon. As soon as we win, we're giving a middle-income tax cut.

Donald Trump: It'll be a very substantial middle-income tax cut. And I have already done this. But you have to understand, we're increasing it. But, if you look, he wants to end the Trump tax cut, as we discussed. But, if you do that, you're talking about $2,000 child tax credit. But, very importantly, Maria, you're not mentioning one thing, energy.

Donald Trump: Energy will be $2,000 to $3,000 more a family, and probably much more than that, if they go with their crazy Green New Deal, because their Green New Deal is crazy. And it won't let us compete with the rest of the world. We will not be we will be -- we will be Venezuela, large version. That's what we will end up being, if they're -- if they even think about some of the things that they have in the Green New Deal.

Donald Trump: ...it was made up by people that don't even have knowledge. They don't even have knowledge. They have no idea what they're doing. [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Wall Street analysts have told me they believe Elizabeth Warren will be one of the most influential voices in a Biden administration on economic policy. She has been very clear about her wealth tax. Whatever wealth you have will be added up your entire life, and you will get taxed on this. But many people feel the most important concern going into this election, sir, is, do you have a reliable plan to prevent the massive voter fraud that may be attempted?

Maria Bartiromo: We have a list here of we have been seeing across the country, 100,000 ballots thrown away in one area, another 50,000 ballots thrown away elsewhere. We have got the list, that we're going to come up with this graphic right now. What are you going to do in terms of ballot fraud and lying in terms of ballots being inaccurate?

Donald Trump: Yes. Well, first of all...

Maria Bartiromo: A hundred thousand voters in Brooklyn, New York...

Donald Trump: Sure..

Maria Bartiromo: ...ballots with the wrong name and address.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Maria Bartiromo: Fifty thousand voters in Ohio received incorrect absentee ballots, 2,000-plus in Los Angeles County.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: This has all happened, sir, just in the last few weeks.

Donald Trump: That's right. And it's happened over the last year too. And all you have to do is go back to the Democrat primary and take a look at Iowa, what happened there. They still don't know who won. It's a disaster. The whole thing is a disaster. But, before you talk about that, Elizabeth Warren. She ran the credit union.

Donald Trump: ...ran different things. She's been horrible to people, horrible, horrible to people. And what's going to happen, if something like that does happen, all of these companies that have moved into the United States and invested in the United States -- we brought in billions and billions of dollars coming in -- they're all going to be leaving.

Donald Trump: They're all going to be leaving, and they're going to take them -- with them their jobs and their money and their taxes. It's all going to be leaving. We have brought in car companies and institutions and manufacturing, which, as you remember, President Obama said was dead. You would need a magic wand to start it up.

Donald Trump: I created 700,000 manufacturing jobs. All of that stuff will, as fast as it came in, it'll leave if you start raising taxes on them. And it's a very simple formula. You know, the world is a pretty big place and very flexible. And these people don't care so much, like they should, perhaps, about our country as much as other things.

Donald Trump: They want to be able to go where they can do the best for their shareholders or themselves. They will be leaving our country just as fast as they came in. And we have never had a better time than last year. And the coming year will be even better, because if -- you see the way it's building better than anybody.

Donald Trump: ...coming year will be even better. As far as the ballots are concerned, what I did -- I have been telling you this for a year-and-a-half, because I have been watching local elections, like I have watched the Carolyn Maloney disaster in New York, a small congressional election. They have no idea where the ballots are.

Donald Trump: It was fraud. They're missing. But look at all of the instances that have taken place over the last two or three weeks.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...don't have to go back. Look at what is going on.

Maria Bartiromo: ...do you have a plan? Do you have a plan to make sure this doesn't happen?

Donald Trump: Well, yes, we do have a plan. We do. Well, first of all, we have been winning causes. We have been winning a lot of cases, which haven't been reported, where they don't even want the election to be determined on November 3. They want the election, Maria, to be determined two weeks after the vote comes in.

Donald Trump: It's the craziest thing. So, we won't even know. But we have been winning those cases. Judges, federal judges, have been ruling, no...

Maria Bartiromo: Uh-huh.

Donald Trump: They have to be in by a certain time. We have won a lot of cases that have not been reported. But, very importantly, I have been saying this is going to happen. They're trying to steal the election. The good news is, law enforcement is watching very strongly Nevada and many other states, Pennsylvania. In all cases where you have -- where you have Democrat governors, I mean, Democrat control, North Carolina, we're watching it very closely.

Donald Trump: ...the people are watching it very closely. And, by the way, the votes coming in right now look very, very promising for Republicans, because Republicans are going out to vote. They don't want to do the ballot thing, because they don't trust it. Republicans are going out to vote. And those polls that are opening up...

Maria Bartiromo: ...right.

Donald Trump: ...and will be opening up, they're going to be swamped.

Maria Bartiromo: ...right, let me get to a few more things before we go, Mr. President, we just heard from Ric Grenell on the media companies, social media companies. Are you going to push to remove the liability protection that social media enjoys right now, that they can't get sued?

Donald Trump: ...Section 230, a lot of us are looking at it.

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace, what's happening. It's a disgrace. It's called Section 230. Yes, a lot of people are looking at it. I can't say yet what we're doing. I can tell you this. It's very unfair, what they do, very unfair. It's rigging an election in a different form than the ballots.

Maria Bartiromo: OK.

Donald Trump: ...it's rigging an election, and it's unfair. So, a lot of people are looking at Section 230, yes. Me too.

Maria Bartiromo: On to the declassifications that we heard from DNI John Ratcliffe. We have discussed so much about the plan, the plot to take you down. We now know it was Hillary's idea.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: ...FBI knew that there was no collusion, but they kept going forward, spying on your campaign and your presidency. When do you believe the FBI started working hand in glove with the Clinton operation to take you down? Was it early '16, or do you think it started even in 2015?

Donald Trump: It started before I won, and it started when they started seeing that I could win. And it's a disgrace, and we caught them. We caught them spying on our campaign. We caught them doing things. Look, they were trying to destroy an administration. And they didn't do it, because this administration has done more than any administration in its first three-and-a-half years in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: We have done an incredible job, whether it's the military, or the tax cuts, or the regulation cuts, or the economy. Nobody's done a job like we have done, despite what they have done. We caught them, and we caught them cold, Maria. And it's a beautiful thing. Now we have to do something about it.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, that's what I'm saying. I mean, you could -- you know, you authorized the declassification of these documents. [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: ...what does that do, if we don't have John Durham and Bill Barr following up? Can you demand that they release this?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope they're going to. I hope they're going to.

Maria Bartiromo: People are still sitting on documents.

Donald Trump: Yes, I hope they're going to. And I will say this. Documents are being released at a level now that nobody has ever seen before. Things that nobody thought were get going to released have been released.

Maria Bartiromo: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: ...you're seeing it. You're seeing it all the time. You're seeing what is going on. We caught them cold. We have them cold. And now they have to do something about it.

Maria Bartiromo: Well -- yes.

Donald Trump: ...other documents are going to be released, Maria, which are breathtaking.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Wait until you see what is coming out.

Maria Bartiromo: ...really?

Donald Trump: Breathtaking.

Maria Bartiromo: Is it about Hillary Clinton or is it about the FBI that is coming out?

Donald Trump: It's about everything. It's about everything. Hillary Clinton is...

Maria Bartiromo: ...OK.

Donald Trump: ...crooked Hillary. I don't call her crooked Hillary for nothing. And, you know, just the one thing. I keep going back to it.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...got a subpoena from the United States Congress, right? She got a subpoena. How do you -- how do you -- how do you get rid of your e-mails after you get a subpoena? She got texts -- for text messages, e-mails, et cetera. How do you do that? It's criminal. What she did is criminal, OK?

Maria Bartiromo: Well, you told me -- you told me for my book, when we did the interview for my book, that there are people in government that are just protected. I guess she is protected.

Donald Trump: They are. Well, they're trying like hell. But we got them. We -- look, we have found things that -- that nobody can believe. Nobody can believe what we have found.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...I will tell you what. The level -- the level at which we found them...

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...people are shocked. They're stunned. And let's see what happens.

Maria Bartiromo: ...President...

Donald Trump: ...Hillary Clinton was -- Hillary Clinton was totally crooked. And so were plenty of other people.

Maria Bartiromo: ...right, I got to ask you this final question. Mr. President, I want to end -- I want to end on a lighter note, a mysterious subject, if you will. Can you explain why the Department of Defense has set up a UFO task force? Here's what I have got from The Guardian: "The U.S. Department of Defense has formed a new body to investigate what it calls unidentified aerial phenomena to monitor reported sightings of what most people call UFOs" Mr.

Maria Bartiromo: President, as we wrap up here, are there UFOs?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to have to check on that. I mean, I have heard that. I heard that two days ago. So, I will check on that. I will take a good, strong look at that. But I will tell you this. We now have created a military the likes of which we have never had before, in terms of equipment, the equipment that we have, the weapons that we have.

Donald Trump: And, hopefully, hope to God we never have to use them. But we have created a military the likes of which nobody has -- nobody has ever had. Russia, China, they're all envious of what we have had, all built in the USA. We have rebuilt it, $2.5 trillion. As far as the other question, I will check on it. I heard -- I heard about it two days ago, actually. [Laughter]

Maria Bartiromo: That is fascinating. By the way, do you believe Russia and China were spying and knowing our secrets because of Hillary's unsecured server? Real quick. We have 20 seconds.

Donald Trump: Well, I think she was out there with classified information. She was giving it to anybody. It was on Anthony Weiner's laptop. And the FBI did nothing about it. And the FBI -- look, the greatest people in the world are in the FBI. But the top people were scum, absolute scum.

Maria Bartiromo: OK.

Donald Trump: ...they did a horrible job for our country.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, we so appreciate your time this morning. Thank you very much, sir, President Donald J. Trump.