Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-laura-ingraham-fox-news-august-31-2020

Note: [This is the first of a two-part interview special on Fox News Channel's "The Ingraham Angle." The interview was recorded on August 31, 2020 and aired in two parts on August 31, 2020 and September 1, 2020. This is the first part. (Second part: https://f2.link/200901e) The transcript was provided by Fox News Channel and checked for accuracy. Video and transcript courtesy of Fox News Channel's "The Ingraham Angle."]

Laura Ingraham: Mr. President, thank you so much for joining us.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Laura Ingraham: On Friday, Ted Wheeler, the Mayor of Portland, sent a letter to you saying basically we don't want your help. You make matters worse. Saturday one of your supporters is murdered in Portland by, it looks a suspected Antifa individual. And then on Sunday, Wheeler comes out -- and Biden -- and essentially tried to blame-shift to you for the violence there. Your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, these are terrible and very incompetent people. Portland's been burning for many years. For decades it's been burning, but now it's gotten to a point they don't want to -- I watched the mayor try and get in with these people, and he went to a protest, and he went in and they almost killed him. If he didn't security with him -- he had five security guards -- he would have been dead, just like they would have done to Rand Paul, who's a great guy, and his wife, Kelley. It is a disgrace when you look at what's happening. Now, we sent in Homeland Security. The reason we sent them in was to protect our courthouse. We have a $300 million courthouse, and they wanted to blow up our courthouse or burn it down. Take your choice. Blow it up or burn it down, they said, and I said, no, no, that's not happening. So, they wouldn't protect it because the mayor said he doesn't care. So, we sent in our Homeland people. They did a great job. Immediately -- Homeland Security -- immediately it was protected and that's the only reason they were there. I've offered to send in the National Guard. I've offered to send in anybody they want. I could put that out in 45 minutes, and it would stop. And I think the people of Portland and the people of Oregon -- I know it's a liberal state, considered liberal -- they're tired of it. They're tired of having -- of living with this curse. They're living with a curse. They say that when you walk through the streets of Portland, this is years and years of burning -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Well, it's -- last 90 days it's been really in chaos -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: No, no. It's been horrible in the last 90 days -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Protests.

Donald Trump: -- but no. It's been going on for many -- it's been going on for many, many years. It's like, you're in -- I won't name the city, but it's a city someplace in the world that's not so good, OK? It's a terrible situation.

Laura Ingraham: The Oregon governor said no one is safe in Donald Trump's America.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: They're trying to turn the tables on you -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes, yes. No, they're trying.

Laura Ingraham: -- after months of -- they're not really saying much about the violence.

Donald Trump: Right, but they won't ever criticize anybody that's truly -- you know, that's a violent person, frankly, that's violent. They stick up for the violence. They don't -- the people that are getting hurt, they don't care about. They don't care about these people. It's a weird thing. It's like warped minds. And for the last 93 days, I've been offering to send in -- as you know, they have to take the offer. They have to make -- they have to ask to have help. I've been standing, and I've been saying, anytime you're ready we'll put it -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: What's motivating them, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I think it's a sickness, actually. I think they're also -- there's a fear. I watched the way they treated this Mayor Wheeler when he was standing there. And I'll tell you how unfair the news is. NBC News didn't show that he was being shouted at and cursed at. And he ran -- literally, he had to run for his life. Because they were going to really hurt him. He had security. If he didn't, he would have probably --

Laura Ingraham: Well, they showed up at his apartment building over -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: No, no. How he can still stick up for them -- I think there's a fear. I think he's afraid.

Laura Ingraham: Are they afraid that Oregon could be in play because of people's concern about law and order?

Donald Trump: It could --

Laura Ingraham: Is that what you're saying?

Donald Trump: It could -- I don't know. I don't know. I think that, like, the mayor, Wheeler, I think he's probably afraid for his life. Because if you would have seen him -- but I'm sure -- you had to have saw this) -- NBC News put on -- and they didn't have the people shouting. They had him standing there, and they talked about how it was a show of great unity, the mayor standing with the people. Those people were going to kill him. They were saying things that I can't repeat right now, but horrible things. But they didn't put that on. I actually happened to see the real tape on Fox. He escaped with his life. And yet he doesn't want any help. It's so unfair to the people of Oregon. We could solve that problem quickly, like I did in Kenosha. You know, Kenosha went through three, four days of -- they were -- you wouldn't have a Kenosha right now. We demanded that they send in the National Guard, call the governor, and in all fairness, the governor did it -- not enough, but it was enough to put it out. And we ultimately put in -- well, we had a thousand people --

Laura Ingraham: Well --

Donald Trump: -- and we put it out quickly. You wouldn't have Kenosha right now.

Laura Ingraham: In Pittsburgh today, Joe Biden gave a speech, and he spoke directly about this violence.

Note: [A video clip is played.]

Laura Ingraham: Your response to the vice president, sir?

Donald Trump: Look, he's a weak person. He's been weak all his life, but now he's really weak. He shouldn't be running for president. He should not be there.

Laura Ingraham: But do you want your supporters to confront the --

Donald Trump: No.

Laura Ingraham: -- left wing protestors --

Donald Trump: No.

Laura Ingraham: -- or do you want to leave it to law enforcement --

Donald Trump: No, I don't want them -- I want to leave it to law enforcement. But my supporters are wonderful, hard working, tremendous people, and they turn on their television set and they look at a Portland, or they look at a Kenosha before I got involved and stopped it, or they look at Chicago where 78 people were shot last weekend and numerous people died, or they look at New York where violence is up by like, what, 150 percent -- it's up by a number that nobody -- and people are leaving -- they're looking at all of this, and they can't believe it. They can't believe it. Whether it's --

Laura Ingraham: But you don't want them --

Donald Trump: -- my supporter or not --

Laura Ingraham: But you don't want them showing up --

Donald Trump: No, I don't.

Laura Ingraham: -- to try to --

Donald Trump: Well, there -- it's a peaceful protest. I mean --

Laura Ingraham: Right.

Donald Trump: -- they were protesting. They weren't -- you know, it's amazing. They want to protest, and they get criticized. The other people run through the streets, burn down storefronts, hurt people, beat people, and kill people, kick people in the face -- that would have happened to Rand Paul, by the way, and his wife, except that you had two and then ultimately four very good policemen who took a big beating. They took a big beating. And they really saved Rand Paul. In fact, we're going to bring them into the White House and give them some kind of an accommodation, because they really -- they really -- what they did was very brave, actually. I mean, can you imagine them saying policemen were brave because they were escorting? But they were escorting a U.S. senator and his wife. And as Rand said, he would have been killed if they weren't there. It's a terrible -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Isn't it true also, Mr. President, that Democrats have been, in their own way, inciting this violence --

Donald Trump: Oh, sure they have --

Laura Ingraham: -- against individuals for -- as almost as long as you've been in office?

Donald Trump: It's not only the Democrats, it's the media, the fake news. The news is so fake. Like I told you with the mayor, where they make them look like it's a great unity thing, when actually they were cursing at him and they would've done big numbers on him, but they don't show that. They just show the mayor standing with these very tough thugs, and he was gone, OK? They saved him. But NBC shows it like it's unity with the people. I don't get it. I don't know why they're doing it. And I say -- I will say this, at some point I will not be president. Hopefully, that'll be in five years from now, but I will not be president. And they're going to die, they're all going to die. Can you imagine if they had to cover Sleepy Joe Biden? It won't be very much fun. But much more importantly, our country would go to hell; our stock markets will crash as sure as you're sitting there. We will have problems like you've never had. But, if you take Kenosha, and if you take other parts of the country that I don't even talk about, I could show you things that we have done to stop this kind of a thing that's happening in Portland and happening in Chicago and happening in other places.

Laura Ingraham: Most red states are cooperating with federal --

Donald Trump: Almost all. Almost --

Laura Ingraham: -- law enforcement and things are relatively calm in red state America, but Biden said again today in Pittsburgh that essentially you're not going to be safe in Donald Trump's --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: -- America.

Donald Trump: So, if it weren't Donald Trump's America, to just use the expression, as I'm president, you would have riots like you've never seen. The Democrats have lost control of the radical left. And if you look at Bernie and the -- I call it the manifesto, that was agreed to with Biden in his crew, that's further left than Bernie ever was. They won't be able to control these people. These people have lost -- they have lost control of these people. And it's hurting them. Don't forget, Biden wasn't going to come out of his basement until the election.

Laura Ingraham: You --

Donald Trump: Now, he had to because the polls are so good for me. Now he had to because the polls are different, so all of a sudden he's in Pittsburgh. He wasn't going to leave his basement. Then he said, OK, he's leaving, but he won't leave for 10 days. Ten days is a long time. So, in the meantime, like on Sunday, and so was Saturday, I'm in Texas, I'm in Louisiana. I was going to stop in two other places, fortunately they didn't get hit. Arkansas wasn't hit very much, et cetera, et cetera, I would've stopped. But I'm all over the place. I leave early in the morning, I get home late at night, and that's what you have to do as president.

Laura Ingraham: And tomorrow --

Donald Trump: Joe doesn't have energy.

Laura Ingraham: Tomorrow you're going to Kenosha, Wisconsin --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: -- of course, the scene of so much unrest lately. And the governor says he doesn't want you to come. Why is it important for you to be seen by the people of Wisconsin now?

Donald Trump: Because I am a tremendous fan of law enforcement, and I want to thank the law enforcement. They've done a good job. And when the governor says that I shouldn't come or he'd prefer that I not come, I'm the one that called him and said, Tony, you got to bring out the National Guard. Well, I don't really want to do it. Tony, you got to bring it out. And unlike your governor of Oregon, that just keeps saying no, he agreed to it at least. Now, he agreed to a small number, but the small number was plenty.

Laura Ingraham: But is there a political motivation? They don't want you to come to blue state America because they don't want the media to have to cover what's really happening --

Donald Trump: Oh, that's so true.

Laura Ingraham: -- on the ground.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's true.

Laura Ingraham: Isn't this political?

Donald Trump: If you look at what's going on in blue state -- as you called it blue state America, blue city America, you look at what's going on in New York, you look at what's going on in these states, Chicago is a disaster, Portland. If you look at Portland -- now Portland's a little different. That's anarchists, and that's -- I actually think in many ways that's easier to handle. I think Portland is very easy to handle, because that's a group of anarchists that are paid by the outside, and you know, we've put a lot of people in jail. I don't know if you know this or not. Remember three, four months ago we were having a problem with monuments? They were ripping down statues and monuments all over the place --

Laura Ingraham: Democrats didn't say anything about that.

Donald Trump: No, the Democrats had no control. It actually got out of control even for them. I signed in an executive order, 10 years in jail if you knock down a statue or monument. You haven't heard one thing about it. You haven't -- we wouldn't have -- they were going after Thomas Jefferson, they were going after Lincoln and they were going after the Washington Monument, if they could knock that one down. They were going after everything. And I actually don't even think they know. I think they're just thugs. I -- I don't think it's -- it's -- it may be an ideology and it may not. It is an ideology for the people that are paying them. And the funny thing is, and the strange thing is, the people that were -- are paying them had all this money, because somebody's doing --

Laura Ingraham: What about the corporations?

Donald Trump: -- it, because they travel -- well wait, the people paying them, those people will be overthrown, their lives will be taken away, their lives will be endangered. They're all going to be gone. They're just stupid, foolish people that made a lot of money.

Laura Ingraham: But corporations have given an enormous amount of money in the tens of millions, or -- I mean, hundreds of millions to Black Lives Matter --

Donald Trump: Because they're weak.

Laura Ingraham: -- which is all over a lot of these protests.

Donald Trump: Sure. That's because --

Laura Ingraham: So, what does that mean about these corporations? Why are they paying that money out, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Because they're weak people, led by weak people, in many cases, not all corporations are --

Laura Ingraham: What does that mean, they're weak people?

Donald Trump: I looked at numbers where one company is giving hundreds of millions of dollars --

Laura Ingraham: When you say they're weak, what do you mean? Explain that.

Donald Trump: Because they just do what's the easiest path. That's not the easy path, that's a very dangerous path. Black Lives Matter is a Marxist organization. You remember pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon? That was the first time I ever heard of Black Lives Matter. I said, that's a terrible name. It's so discriminatory, it's bad for black people, it's bad for everybody. And all of a sudden it becomes like sort of -- although now, if you look, it's gone way down because people are tired of this stuff, what's going on, the Black Lives Matter. If you look at what's going on with the bats and the -- they're -- a lot of thugs -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Running through D.C. last night.

Donald Trump: Oh, it's terrible what's going on. But, Black Lives Matter came into existence walking down the street screaming, pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon. And that was about police officers, that was representing police. They were pigs -- pigs in a blanket, like the sausages or hot dogs, fry 'em like bacon --

Laura Ingraham: Well, they were saying worse over the last couple of days in D.C.

Donald Trump: Oh, I think even worse. Yes, probably. [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Yes. No, it's gotten --

Donald Trump: Could you get -- I don't know, do you get worse?

Laura Ingraham: But, DOJ's role in -- in trying to really hit the law enforcement accelerator here against these groups, a lot of the individuals coming into Wisconsin have been tracked as out-of-staters --

Donald Trump: Yes --

Laura Ingraham: The ones who have been arrested.

Donald Trump: We have them all.

Laura Ingraham: Well, can -- can DOJ do more, and what could they do to really start putting the fear of God in these violent -- not the peaceful protesters, but violent protesters?

Donald Trump: So, they have under investigation a lot -- in fact, I'll show you, I just had this, because of this very important interview with you, but I just -- and I'll give this to you. In Kansas City violence has decreased by a third since the initiative began, in Indianapolis 49 guns confiscated, more than 1,000 arrests have been made under the initiative. DOJ is addressing violence and crime across the country, FBI -- but you don't read that. The FBI and ATF are assisting the Portland Police Department. But you can't do much when you have absolutely no cooperation. I don't --

Laura Ingraham: But, if they don't think they're going to go to jail for 10 years for doing what they're doing, then they're going to keep doing it. So, how does a Trump re-election calm things down in the United States? Biden says he's going to calm things down. How will a Trump re-election calm --

Donald Trump: He won't calm things down.

Laura Ingraham: Why? Why won't he calm things down?

Donald Trump: Biden won't calm things down. They will take over. They will have won. If Biden gets in, they will have won. He's a weak person. He's controlled like a puppet. So, it's not going to be calm things down, it's going to be they will have won. They will have taken over your cities. It's a revolution, you understand that? It's a revolution, and the people of this country will not stand for that. They're not going to stand for that. The vast majority of people feel like me. They feel like -- every time I put law and order up on social media, it gets such an incredibly positive response. The people of this country will not stand for it. If you say calm things down, yes, calm things down because they will have taken over. Take a look at what's going on. And Biden -- well Biden is -- I don't even like to mention Biden, because he's not controlling anything. They control him -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Who do you think is pulling Biden's strings? Is it former Obama officials -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: People that you've never heard of. People that are in the dark shadows. People that -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: What does that mean? That sounds like conspiracy theory. Dark shadow, what is that?

Donald Trump: No. People that you haven't heard of. They're people that are on the streets. They're people that are controlling the streets. We had somebody get on a plane from a certain city this weekend, and in the plane it was almost completely loaded with thugs wearing these dark uniforms, black uniforms with gear and this and that. They're on a plane.

Laura Ingraham: Where -- where was this?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you sometime, but it's under investigation right now, but they came from a certain city, and this person was coming to the Republican National Convention, and there were like seven people on the plane like this person, and then a lot of people were on the plane to do big damage. They were coming for -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Planning for Washington?

Donald Trump: Yes, this was all -- this is all happening.

Laura Ingraham: But the money is coming from somewhere. When -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Money is coming from -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: -- how can it be tracked?

Donald Trump: -- some very stupid rich people that have no idea that if their thing ever succeeded, which it won't, they will be thrown to the wolves like you've never seen before.

Note: [Commercial Break]

Laura Ingraham: Women voters. So important to reach out to them, whether you're Republican or Democrat. You have a deficit among women voters now.

Donald Trump: Well, that's what they said last time, too.

Laura Ingraham: Right. Well, let's say for the sake of argument you have a deficit among female voters who may be in some cases, you're too aggressive, your tone, or your tweets. What do you say to them directly about what you'll do in a second term?

Donald Trump: OK. I have to be aggressive, because I'm like standing here in a sea of incompetent people, stupid people, and violent people -- very violent people.

Laura Ingraham: But that's the kind of language, stupid people.

Donald Trump: That's OK, though .

Laura Ingraham: That's -- a lot of women don't like that.

Donald Trump: Also the -- well, where are we? We're in the White House I see. See? OK. So I'm standing here in a sea of people, and we need law and order in this country and women see that with me. You're never going to have law and order with Biden. Hey, look at Ferguson. Look what happened during that. You know, people forget. Look at all of those horrible race riots you had during Obama. Ferguson's just one that comes to mind, but you had them all the time. Look at all of what happened with Brown and this one and that one. Look at all of the problems you had under Obama. It was a disaster. It was actually worse than anything. This is a much different situation. Again, the anarchists of Portland are different than what's going on in Chicago. Chicago can be solved. I think it's actually a little bit more difficult to solve. I think the anarchists in many ways are much more solvable, but for women more than anything else, they want security. They want safety. They have to have safety. They talk about the suburban woman. What I did recently, I ended the regulation that provided low income housing that mandated low income housing.

Laura Ingraham: That was Obama's rule.

Donald Trump: That was the Obama rule. It was a disaster.

Laura Ingraham: Do you think that suburbs are in danger if Biden is elected?

Donald Trump: Oh, yes.

Laura Ingraham: We already know the cities are in danger, but are the suburbs in danger? Because they say that's fear mongering on the part of Republicans -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I know the suburbs. Look, Westchester was ground zero, OK, for what they were trying to do. They were trying to destroy the suburban, beautiful place. The American dream, really. They want low income housing, and with that comes a lot of other problems, including crime. May not be nice to say, but -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: You're not saying all poor people are criminals, though.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not saying that at all, but it does -- there is a level of violence that you don't see. So you have this beautiful community in the suburbs, including women, right? Women, they want security. I ended where they build low income housing projects right in the middle of your neighborhood. I ended it. If Biden gets in, he already said it's going to go at a much higher rate than ever before. And you know who's going to be in charge of it? Cory Booker. That's going to be nice, OK? So I think that women are going to want -- well for a lot of other reasons, the stock markets will crash. As sure as you're sitting there, your 401(k)s will go down to a small percentage of what they are --

Laura Ingraham: Biden says he's not going to raise taxes on anyone making under --

Donald Trump: But he --

Laura Ingraham: -- $400,000 a year.

Donald Trump: He's going to do $4 trillion in tax increases. He's going to do things that are going to cost so much on the Green New Deal, which is -- which is done by a child, OK? That's the mind of a child because the Green New Deal is ridiculous. It doesn't work. They're going to do things under the Green -- you know, the Green New Deal, if you actually did it, is $100 trillion. That's more money than this country could make in a thousand years -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: -- good paying jobs. All the great paying jobs --

Donald Trump: Yes, good bad jobs.

Laura Ingraham: -- that Obama apparently didn't create.

Donald Trump: Let's rip down a building and build a new one with no windows, OK?

Laura Ingraham: The African-American community -- you've made more strides and outreach to African-American voters than, I think, of any Republican president in my lifetime.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: What can you tell the African-American community tonight about your commitment to doing more in the second term? And what will that include?

Donald Trump: So I've done criminal justice reform. I saved the Historically Black Colleges and Universities. What they went through was -- for years, including Obama --

Laura Ingraham: The funding.

Donald Trump: Prison reform, criminal justice reform --

Laura Ingraham: Next term?

Donald Trump: -- Opportunity Zone. More of the same. And, in fact, I actually said in a speech, the best is yet to come. And I've been treated very well -- at least in the polls, I hope -- I hope that translates, because unfortunately, the African-American, the black community has been so used to going and are pressing the Democrat lever, and what have they got out of it? They've got nothing. Obama didn't give them criminal justice reform, I did. Obama didn't give them Opportunity Zones, I did. Obama didn't do all of the things -- didn't save -- Obama could have saved the Historically Black Colleges and Universities. He didn't do anything for them. He didn't do anything for them. I've done more -- and I said it in the speech, some people would say, you shouldn't say it, it's too aggressive. I said, what's aggressive? I've done more than any president in the history of our country, except for maybe Abe -- and I say maybe -- maybe Abraham Lincoln. The reason I say maybe is -- I'll explain that to you later, OK?

Laura Ingraham: All right. The -- I want to talk about --

Donald Trump: But wait a minute. I've done more for the black community than any president in the United States, with the exception of Abraham Lincoln. And it's true. Criminal justice reform was such a big deal, and look what Biden did in 1994. What he did to people, to black people --

Laura Ingraham: He called them -- he called the criminals predators.

Donald Trump: Well, he called them predators.

Laura Ingraham: Super predators, yes.

Donald Trump: Super predators, actually. He called them super predators.

Laura Ingraham: So, when you -- when you see the unrest on the streets -- and so much of it is driven by an antipathy toward law enforcement, and more African-Americans are stopped by the police, the statistics that are cited over and over again. What can you say to those families who live on those streets and who are worried? They're worried because they think their sons or even their daughters could be targeted. Because I know -- because I've known you for a long time, you don't want that. You want people to all be treated equally. But they have a caricature of Republican voters, and you're the leader of the party. What do you say to them about that mischaracterization?

Donald Trump: What the black community wants in this country is, they want police and they want law and order. They don't want what's happening to their communities. They're being affected in a much harsher, meaner manner than anybody else. That includes Hispanics, where I'm doing very well also. Look, they want law and order. They want the police. They do polls, and the polls are at 82, 83 percent. They want the police. They've gotten along with the police. And the police have been very badly mistreated. Because you have one bad apple, and it becomes the story for weeks --

Laura Ingraham: St. Louis African-American police officer shot in the head and killed -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, yes. Dorn.

Laura Ingraham: -- last night. No, another African-American -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, yes. That's true. Yes.

Laura Ingraham: -- just killed yesterday. Just --

Donald Trump: That's true. Yes. That's true. Killed.

Laura Ingraham: It's more dangerous to be a police officer today, do you not think, than it has been in a long time?

Donald Trump: The police are under siege because of things -- they can do 10,000 great acts, which is what they do, and one bad apple -- or a choker -- you know, a choker. They choke. Shooting the guy -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Meaning they can't -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- shooting the guy in the back many times. I mean, couldn't you have done something different? Couldn't you have wrestled him? You know, I mean, in the meantime, he might have been going for a weapon, and, you know, there's a whole big thing there, but they choke. Just like in a golf tournament, they miss a three-foot putt.

Laura Ingraham: You're not comparing to golf because, of course, that's what the media would say. Yes.

Donald Trump: No. I'm saying people choke.

Laura Ingraham: People make -- people panic. Yes.

Donald Trump: People choke. And people are bad people. You have both. You have some bad people, and you have -- they choke. You could be a police officer for 15 years and all of a sudden you're confronted. You've got a quarter of a second to make a decision. If you don't make the decision and you're wrong, you're dead. People choke under those circumstances, and they make a bad decision. I've seen bad decisions of people that it looked bad but probably it was a choke. But you also have bad police, but you also -- the vast -- not only the vast majority, thousands and thousands of great acts and one bad one and you make the evening news for weeks.

Laura Ingraham: I know you reached out to Jacob Blake's mom, and she -- she's said on camera she was sorry she missed the call. She, you know, respects -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: -- the office of the presidency, and she would -- I think she would like to talk to you.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: Have you -- have you tried to talk to her again, and would you talk to her again?

Donald Trump: The call is being made, as I understand it. Yes.

Laura Ingraham: Fantastic.

Note: [Commercial Break]

Laura Ingraham: In New York, a place where you lived, you grew up as a little boy, and now in New York City, we've had a woman in broad daylight, they tried to rape her.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: We had another shooting at like 46th and Lex today. New York, what does that do personally -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It's very sad.

Laura Ingraham: -- given your life?

Donald Trump: Very sad.

Laura Ingraham: What does that do to you personally?

Donald Trump: And the prosecutors go after people for political reasons, but if somebody kills somebody, it's like, there's nothing wrong with that. The prosecutors in New York are out of control. They're out of control. They go after political people. It's all Cuomo and your state attorney general and your prosecutors.

Laura Ingraham: Well, they're targeting you. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, they target me.

Laura Ingraham: Yes.

Donald Trump: You know, I went -- I won everything in Washington. Now, I got targeted in New York.

Laura Ingraham: But a woman being raped -- attempted rape in broad daylight.

Donald Trump: No. No, that's -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: This is New York City.

Donald Trump: That's the people they should go after. They have to get that -- and they have to put that person away for -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: How do you put New York back together again?

Donald Trump: You need a young version of Rudy Giuliani. He was a great mayor. He did a great job. I think people are really beginning to -- I saw it the other night. He was at the event. People were -- Rudy, we love you, Rudy. They're desperate for a younger version. We should probably put Rudy back now, he's doing great. But you need a young version or a younger version of Rudy Giuliani. You need a tough, smart guy. Rudy was always fair, but tough and smart and he worked 24 hours a day, and it was all about crime. He had to get the city back. But the city now -- it's amazing because I could see it happening even -- you know, I left New York. I had to leave New York because I'm being -- I'm being targeted. It's horrible what they're doing. I won in Washington, and then they say, here -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Do you think you could win in New York? Will you campaign or try to campaign in New York?

Donald Trump: So I'm going to give it a very good shot. I'm going to give New York a very good shot, because the same people that voted against me, like me now. And you know, I won upstate big. I won Long Island. All the outside of the little circle in the middle, which is crazy because I built so many -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- things there, but outside of that circle. And I said it the other day. I said, I can't believe these people are happy. I can't believe they're happy, but you have to understand, a lot of people are leaving because of de Blasio and because of Cuomo. They're fleeing New York and they're fleeing --

Laura Ingraham: Well, they're breaking out of ground zero for COVID there, and you seem to have a good working relationship with Andrew Cuomo during the COVID -- the height of the COVID pandemic.

Donald Trump: I gave him more than he asked for, and all they are is nasty.

Laura Ingraham: But now he's -- yes, but now he's coming after you saying it's your mismanagement that's gotten us into this mess and --

Donald Trump: No, well, he hasn't --

Laura Ingraham: So, what do you -- how do you --

Donald Trump: The good news, he hasn't gotten very far with that because people understand. He killed 11,000 with bad decisions on nursing homes. He's the number one state in the country by far for death. I mean, probably the whole world for death. You take New York out of the equation -- I think we have among the best numbers anyway -- but you take New York, we have the best numbers in the world countrywide. No, Andrew said I did an incredible job. Andrew said everything that he asked for -- as an example, they wanted the ship, I got them the ship. They wanted the Javits Center; I got them the Javits Center.

Laura Ingraham: Well, it's kind of --

Donald Trump: They didn't even use it. They should have taken those senior citizens, put them in Javits Center, put them in the ship, they could've done so much but he was desperate for Javits Center. They wanted four regional hospitals. We got them that. These beautiful temporary -- the Army Corps of Engineers did an incredible job, so did FEMA. We got them everything. And then they -- same thing with de Blasio. I spoke to de Blasio -- I never spoke to de Blasio before, and then I spoke to him 10 times. He'd call, could we have this? Yes. Could we have that? Yes. Could we have doctors? He wanted me to send doctors and nurses to a hospital that was having a lot. I got it. I did so much, and then what happens? He does a Black Lives Matter sign in front of Trump Tower.

Laura Ingraham: Does that bother you? That sign?

Donald Trump: No, I think it was so -- oh, people are vandalizing it. People are so angry. It's built such anger. You know what's happening. People are going by there, throwing paint on it. They're vandalizing it. Because it was meant as a bad thing. What we've done for de Blasio is incredible. What we've done for Cuomo -- but it doesn't matter. New York is in serious trouble.

Laura Ingraham: Do you think they're really worried about COVID, given the fact that we had tens of thousands of protestors in Washington on Friday -- lots of Black Lives Matter protestors. A lot of them had masks, but they obviously weren't socially distancing. They were all --

Donald Trump: And a lot of them didn't have masks.

Laura Ingraham: Yes, but they were all packed in together and there's no concern but then they call the RNC a super spreader -- [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Yes, right.

Laura Ingraham: So, are they --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Laura Ingraham: Is the left really freaking out about COVID, or is this more of a political concern going into the election?

Donald Trump: I think they're worried about the election, because law and order has increased my poll numbers a lot. We've done a great job on COVID, but we don't get the credit. We work through the governors. The governors have gotten everything they wanted. Every ventilator, we didn't have ventilator -- we had empty cupboards when I got there. As they say, the cupboards were bare. I think they're going crazy over the election. I think they're seeing what's happening. I mean, Joe Biden now today goes to Pittsburgh, right? So he goes to Pittsburgh, he wasn't scheduled to leave ever. Then he said he's going to leave three or four days ago because his polls are going like this, right? Then --

Laura Ingraham: Will he debate you?

Donald Trump: Yes. I hope so --

Laura Ingraham: Well, do you think he's going to debate you?

Donald Trump: I know he'd like not to. I mean, I know that because I have people representing us -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: He might do all right in a debate. I mean, I think people are --

Donald Trump: He might be fine.

Laura Ingraham: People are trying to say he's not going to do well or he can't --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Laura Ingraham: I don't know, I mean --

Donald Trump: He said --

Laura Ingraham: -- he's been in public life for 40 years, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: What is strange, I watched the various debates when he was running against all these people, and they were killing him. He was so bad, but against Bernie he was -- he was --

Laura Ingraham: But you'll be debating the media, will you not be debating the media? Why not have no moderators? Why not just you and Biden?

Donald Trump: I would rather have that. First of all, the media is unbelievable. But what I'd like is that would be the ultimate debate, two guys standing on a stage and you just debate it out. So, I know he'd like not to do the debates. I think he probably has to. I don't know how you get out of the debates. I think you probably have to.

Note: [Commercial Break]

Laura Ingraham: On the flu vaccines in Massachusetts, they're mandating that children get flu vaccines in order to go back to school. There's a controversy about that, a lot of parents are like, whoa, we -- you know -- we don't -- we don't want our kids to get the flu vaccine. Are you worried that on the push for vaccines, these fast vaccines for COVID, you might be splitting a coalition of Americans, frankly in both parties, who aren't -- aren't comfortable with these vaccines?

Donald Trump: Well, once you get to a certain number, you know, we use the word herd, right, once you get to a certain number, it's going to go away. So -- you know -- it doesn't have to be, but yes, I mean, a lot of people are not going to want to do it. A lot of people don't want to do the flu vaccine.

Laura Ingraham: Should it be mandatory?

Donald Trump: You know, I never had the flu, but I never had a shot. I never had the vaccine. I come here, the first thing, sir, you have to have a flu shot. I said, why? Because you have to have it. I say, what's the percentage? And I wasn't thrilled with the percentage -- you know -- it's like 50 percent, 55 percent --

Laura Ingraham: Oh, but Dr. Fauci said, it might not give, quote, "Great protection," because it's a coronavirus.

Donald Trump: Well, I said, look if I've never had it, wouldn't it be good -- and then I thought I should have it because I'll set an example. So, I had it. So, I've had it now three times, but -- and I still haven't had the flu. So, maybe I'll give credit to the flu vaccine, I don't know. I can say this --

Laura Ingraham: You -- if you --

Donald Trump: -- you'll -- I think we're going to have a vaccine very soon. A lot of tremendous work has been done. You can have a vaccine just like we have therapeutics, which to me are even more important, you go into the hospital, you make people better. That's, to me, the most. But -- and we just did the convalescent plasma. I think -- and you have other things, too. So, I think we're going to have a lot of therapeutics, and we're going to have a vaccine very soon. As to whether or not people take it --

Laura Ingraham: Well, 35 percent people say they're not going to take the COVID vaccine, they don't want it. They shouldn't be mandatory then, should it?

Donald Trump: But, if you add 35 to the people that have had it and to all of the other things, you know, people that have had it, where in theory you can't get it, although they found one person and they're making a big deal -- one person got it twice -- but if you add it all up it -- it gives you very good protection.

Laura Ingraham: Biden says he would shut down the economy again if the scientists said that was the right thing to do in the fight against COVID.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: Would you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's a very dangerous statement for him to make. Look, we knew -- we did the right thing, we shut it down, and now we built it up and we're setting records on job numbers, we're setting records on retail numbers. So, this guy comes in, I heard it the other day, if they said, so that means that if some doctor said we have to shut it down, we're going to shut it down. We're setting records. By the way, the stock market is at an all-time record right now. If you look at what's going on, on the stock market, look at what's going on. This -- we're going to have a phenomenal year next year, we're going to have a great third quarter. Interestingly, the numbers for the third quarter will come out before the election.

Laura Ingraham: Are you worried if something happens in the market and it corrects --

Donald Trump: So, what happens -- [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: -- in the all markets, and they're like, Trump's pushing the market.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you -- I can tell you what is happening, Nancy Pelosi doesn't want to give any stimulus, we should have it. It wasn't the people's fault that China gave us this virus. China gave us the virus, whether it was through incompetence or on purpose.

Laura Ingraham: She called you a domestic enemy, an enemy of the state, your supporters. How do you work with her on another stimulus? Will it happen?

Donald Trump: Well, I always tell her to go -- I always tell her to go back to San Francisco, take care of your homeless problem, take care of your problem in California, because there's nothing like what I'm witnessing out there. Right outside, right where she lives, right in her district is so bad, needles all over the place --

Laura Ingraham: Will you get a stimulus or not?

Donald Trump: Well, we should have -- we'd like to get it for the people, because it wasn't their fault, but she doesn't want to give it because that will make the economy a little bit better and that would be a terrible thing.

Laura Ingraham: If you -- if you had to do it all again -- I know it's a -- kind of a hard question, but do it all again, would you put Fauci front and center every day in charge of the Coronavirus Task Force?

Donald Trump: I get along with him very well. I disagree with a lot of what he said. He said keep it open for China. That was a big mistake and he admits it. I just -- I get along with him but every once in a while he'll come up with one that I say, where did that come from? I inherited him. He was here. He was a part of this huge piece of machine -- I didn't put anybody in charge. He was here. He was -- he's been here for 40 years.

Laura Ingraham: '84. 1984.

Donald Trump: OK. He's been here for many, many years. But -- and I -- you know, you inherit a lot of people. It's part of the machinery. And you have some you love, some you don't. I like him. I don't agree with him that often but I like him.

Laura Ingraham: And when you look at -- look back on the last four years and the first three were impeachments, Mueller, a pandemic --

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk]

Laura Ingraham: -- investigations --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Laura Ingraham: What do you say to the American people about what they don't see when they're doing interviews like this? How do you cope with this constant barrage from the Hill? There's always -- there's always back-and-forth, that's fine. But it's been different for you.

Donald Trump: It's been different because I've accomplished so much. On the military I've accomplished -- first of all, bringing many of the troops home and -- most of the troops home. Even cutting down Germany, OK? Because they've taken advantage of us like you wouldn't believe. But it's been different for a lot of different reasons. I think primarily because I've accomplished so much.

Note: [Fox edited the interview to break here. Part 1 Ends.]