Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wjbk-detroit-roop-raj-january-30-2020

Roop Raj: All right, let's do this. Mr. President, you're here right now. You penned the deal yesterday, and today you're here. Why? Tell us.

Donald Trump: Well, we're very proud of Michigan. The state has so -- has been so great to me, as you know. We had a big victory in Michigan, and I brought a lot of car companies back, a lot of cars, a lot of companies are coming back. It's had the best year it's ever had, and we're very proud. We have a lot of car companies coming back into Michigan, in addition.

Donald Trump: So, we want to be up here and really, celebrate, and that's what we're doing.

Roop Raj: Well, as you celebrate, of course, you celebrated the state of Michigan with a good 16,000 votes at least.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Roop Raj: We know that this is going to be a swing state. What do you tell a moderate Democrat out there, who's on the fence about you?

Donald Trump: Well, when I started, Michigan was in big trouble. Everybody was leaving. The car companies were leaving. Companies were leaving, period. Now they're all coming back into Michigan, and they're coming back strong. I was with Prime Minister Abe recently, and I said you've got to bring some more of the companies back, and they're bringing them back.

Donald Trump: And you've never seen anything like what's happening, and that's because of the federal government, that's because of what I'm doing. So, it's been a tremendous thing. Jobs are at a record level. All over the country, they're at a record level. But Michigan is now doing great, and you're getting all these car companies coming back to Michigan.

Donald Trump: That's pretty much what I have to say. Nobody can believe it. Also, I fixed the Soo Locks, you know about that? We're even working in the Asian carp. That's your new problem, and we're going to get that solved.

Roop Raj: Well, it's been an issue for a long time.

Donald Trump: It's been a long time, for a lot of years, but Soo Locks, from 1980, this was a problem. They couldn't get it done, and I got everything financed and it starts work almost immediately.

Roop Raj: You take a look at this country. Do you see it as -- as divided as the media shows it, or do you think it's not as divided, and what responsibility do you have to make sure that we bridge those gaps?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's not as divided. We have a tremendous group of people. They're so proud of what America has become and how we're doing and how well we're doing. We're the envy of the world. Our economy is the best anywhere in the world. By far you just look at Michigan and what's happened in Michigan, with all the car companies coming back.

Donald Trump: So I really don't think -- so I really don't think -- I think it's been divided but it's been really in much worse shape from that standpoint. If you look at when I took over, we had a country that's totally divided. I think it's coming back because of the tremendous success that we've had with the economy and other things.

Donald Trump: We've rebuilt the military, the vets are now taken care of. We've got Choice approved. We've got -- I mean, nobody thought we could possibly get Choice approved. We have Veteran's Choice approved. So many things have happened and it's -- it's great and Michigan is really one of the big beneficiaries.

Roop Raj: Would you think about the tone of the campaign? Whoever ends up with the Democratic nomination, how -- how -- how out of hand you think it'll get relative to the back and forth it's a fiery campaign already.

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's going to be very hard for them to beat the best job numbers ever in the history of our country. The best African-American -- If you look at the African-American employment and unemployment numbers, they're the best numbers we've ever had. More people are working today than any time in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: You look at all of that, Roop, almost 160 million people. When you look at that, it's pretty easy to, I think, win a campaign.

Roop Raj: Last question. Detroiters were watching us right now, who may not vote for you. What do you tell them to change their mind?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they're changing their mind. If you look at the polls, African-American votes are through the roof. We're one of the highest they've ever seen for a Republican and I think I want to get into a level that, frankly, nobody's done so much for people as I've done, the jobs, the employment numbers, opportunity zones, as you know, it's been a fantastic thing, and all of the things that we've done for African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American.

Donald Trump: We're setting records with every group. So I think we're in good shape.

Roop Raj: You're talking to local news right now. Why?

Donald Trump: Because I like you.

Roop Raj: Good to see you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Have a good time.

Roop Raj: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Roop Raj: Appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it.

Roop Raj: Thank you.