Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-michael-savage-westwood-one-october-13-2020

Mike Savage: Ladies and gentlemen, without further ado, our great President... Donald Trump on The Savage Nation. President Trump, such an honor to have you here.

Donald Trump: Hi, Michael. I miss you. How are you?

Mike Savage: That's very sweet. President Trump --

Donald Trump: Great.

Mike Savage: I'm gonna ask you right off the bat. How are you feeling after dealing with COVID-19?

Donald Trump: Really good, and I will tell you, uh, you know, I'm a little surprised. It was, I had a temperature, I was a little weak, we don't wanna have weak, uh, in ya, in the, in the gene, and I was not exactly thrilled. But, uh, and I tested, you know, very positive, like uh, 10 days ago or whatever it was.

Mike Savage: Mm.

Donald Trump: And, uh, all of a sudden, Michael, I, I took this, uh, Regeneron, uh, and it was, uh, it was... And maybe I woulda been gotten better anyway, you know they say 99 point something, right?

Mike Savage: Yes.

Donald Trump: Uh, you know Mi -- [Crosstalk]

Mike Savage: Yeah, but you d -- uh, come on, let's face it, you do have great genes. You're like a warrior. I -- I don't know how you do it.

Mike Savage: But I wanna ask you, President Trump, are you still eating hotdogs like the one you gave me on Air Force One?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. I -- [Laughs]

Mike Savage: [Laughs] Oh, oh!

Donald Trump: That's what --

Mike Savage: You know that answer is very much like my mother at age 88, when I asked her...

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Savage: ...what's her secret to longevity, and she told me she likes hotdogs. [Laughs] I swear to you!

Donald Trump: Ah man, absolutely. We had a good time, Mike. We had a good time, and you've been my friend, and you've been there right from the beginning. When you --

Mike Savage: Well, I certainly am still right here because I think every vote counts.

Donald Trump: Yeah, [Crosstalk]

Mike Savage: And, I'm not belie -- I'm not believing the polls, by the way. Um, the polls have you behind, but there's no energy for Biden. In fact, in an event this weekend, no one even showed up for him. How do you internally see the race right now, President Trump?

Donald Trump: I think we're winning in Florida, I think we're winning in Pennsylvania, I think we're winning in Ohio, big, I think we're winning in, uh, Arizona, I just got some polls. They're phony...

Mike Savage: Good.

Donald Trump: ...polls. They're fake polls. The -- they're worse than stories, you know, they're worse than when they write stories. They're fake news. And I had the same thing last time, much worse, I mean last time, I think it --

Mike Savage: Yes.

Donald Trump: Nine states, I was expected to lose all nine, and I won all nine states.

Mike Savage: Yes. You know, I, uh, President Trump, I've said that to a lot of people that were downtrodden, and they say, "Oh, it's over, he's gonna lose." I see, you know, you're buying the Kool-Aid that the left-wing has been putting out. I said, the same thing went on before the last election. They counted 'em out, over and over again.

Mike Savage: They vilified the man, an -- and now they're doing it all over again. I'm not so sure it's over yet, by the way. I don't think it's over at all.

Mike Savage: Now, do most people know that they're not voting for, uh, old, uh, sleepy old Joe, but for Kamala Harris? Do they really know that yet?

Donald Trump: I think, I think they view that. I doh -- I think she's not an asset, but, uh, and he's certainly not an asset, he didn't even remember Mitt Romney's name yesterday which was --

Mike Savage: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: That --

Mike Savage: Yeah, I heard that. I thought he, he thought he was running for the Senate as well.

Donald Trump: Yeah, if that were me it woulda been a whole different ball game, you know, with him they give him 'lotta passes. But, no, I think we're doing well, I think we're gonna win, and I think, uh, you know, we're much, much closer than last time. And you know what they're called, suppression polls, and they suppress, they try and suppress the vote.

Donald Trump: People say, "Hey, I love Trump, but we're not gonna..." You know --

Mike Savage: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...have dinner. And, uh, you know, it's just a suppression poll, but I'm going to Pennsylvania in a little while, we're gonna have 25,000 people. We had had 41,000 last night, you probably saw that, and he --

Mike Savage: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: He gets 30 people, Michael, he gets, like, 25, 30 people.

Mike Savage: I know. I --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Mike Savage: Well, they don't care because they have the illegal alien vote, you know, we're not allowed to say it, but we all know they have the illegal alien vote already locked up, which is why they love mailing ballots that can't be really checked.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Mike Savage: And, and, and they, they, the -- they, they think we're stupid, but we're not that stupid.

Donald Trump: Mm.

Mike Savage: Um, you know --

Donald Trump: We're watching that very closely, Michael, the, uh, the whole ballot thing, and, y -- I mean, not a day goes by where you don't see, you know, ballots all over the place with Trump name on it, like they had the military ballots with Trump's name on it thrown in a waste paper basket.

Mike Savage: Can you believe it?

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, I, I see the stories.

Mike Savage: So, President Trump, I asked the audience yesterday, what questions would you like me to ask, um, Mr. Mr. Trump when he's on, on the show, and you know came up over and over again? Everyone is worried about the street thugs. They don't know why these street thugs, and Antifa, and the others are allowed to burn, and loot, and shoot cops with impunity.

Mike Savage: What can be done?

Donald Trump: So, it's all Democrat states, it's all Democrat cities, every one of 'em. These are thugs, the Antifa's no good, and, you know, the governors, Democrats, they have to ask us to come in, we went into Minneapolis and solved the problem in half an hour, we just...

Mike Savage: Mm.

Donald Trump: -- a week later, so the place was half burned down.

Mike Savage: Hmm.

Donald Trump: But in Minneapolis we solved it. We could solve it in Portland in 25 minutes.

Mike Savage: Hmm.

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk] you saw last week, where I sent in the US Marshals to get the guy that shot the young man in the street.

Mike Savage: Yes. Yes, good for you, congratulations.

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk] him, they ended up killing him. I mean, he, he was a bad guy. But, uh, so it's all Democrat run. They have to, you know, unless you want to send in the military, which you don't want to get into that, you don't need that. But, uh, all Democrat run, and we send in our people and we solve the problem in two minutes.

Donald Trump: I, you know, as an example, Seattle. Seattle was a mess, we said we're coming in. As soon as we said we're coming in, everybody gave up. They all gave up.

Mike Savage: Yeah, they took off their black masks and went back to the universities to teach the courses in social studies. President Trump, the economy is coming back in a big way, even with the lockdowns, yet mayors and governors continue to keep lockdowns in place. Uh, you and I both know that some of them are purposely sabotaging a rebound in the economy.

Mike Savage: Why do they prefer to let Americans suffer rather than let them get back to work, which is what they would like to do?

Donald Trump: Well, they think it's gonna help 'em in the election. It's not gonna help 'em, I don't think it's gonna help 'em at all. And I think we're gonna announce phenomenal third quarter numbers. 'Cause you know, we're doing great. Now, New York is down and another state is down, and Pennsylvania and, uh, North Carolina, and we won a couple of cases.

Donald Trump: You know, we won in Michigan where they found it unconstitutional what she was doing. But, uh, no, we're opening them up. And, and then the World Health Organization came out yesterday, you saw that, and they announced that lockdowns aren't good to cure.

Mike Savage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I say --

Mike Savage: Yeah, I saw that. Right, that got buried pretty quickly by CNN. Wolf Blitzer somehow missed that in his morning read.

Donald Trump: Yeah, didn't, uh, it didn't get much publicity, but they came out yesterday. No, I think we have it good. The, the economy's good, the stock market's close to a record. People's 401Ks are very strong. And you know, Biden's gonna come and quadruple taxes, he's gonna charge taxes at a level that nobody's ever seen, it's gonna get, you'll end up in a depression.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you that, you'll end up in a de --

Mike Savage: You, one of the most, most impor -- Pr -- Well, let's say one of the most frequent questions I've been getting from people is about the printing of money for the stimulus bills. I know it's a very sensitive issue and question, and I know that your back is against the wall here, because you have almost no choice.

Mike Savage: But what is gonna happen in the long run with this kind of printing of money thing? Everyone's asking, what can be done?

Donald Trump: Yeah. So in the end we're gonna grow our way out of it, 'cause the economy's really big and it's really, really strong. And if we didn't have the big foundations you wouldn't, I mean, you wouldn't, you'd have a disaster right now. We're looking like it's a V. And this was all caused by China, they should have never let it happen, Michael, you know.

Donald Trump: It just all came out of China, and they should have stopped it. But the fact is that, uh, we are gonna grow our way out of it very quickly once we get started. We were there, you know, we were... If you go back seven months ago... In fact, not only we were there, we would have, we started getting along with people that you wouldn't have believed we would have gotten along with.

Donald Trump: There was success, and then the, uh, COVID came in, the China virus came in. But no, we'll grow our way out of it very, very quickly. We were there, that was going to happen, and then it, you know, the, the other thing happened, and it's one of those things. But --

Mike Savage: I have to set the record straight. I remember you and I spoke in February, and you were on the phone with me, I think it's when you appointed me to the Presidio Trust, and by the way, thank you very much for that.

Donald Trump: Good.

Mike Savage: One day after the election I'd like to tell you how important that appointment has turned out to be with regard to what they're trying to do here. But let's not get distracted. You said to me on the phone that you were shutting down travel from China. I distinctly remem it -- remember that. And at the same time you were shutting down travel from China, right at the beginning of the COVID epidemic, Nancy Pelosi was seen in Chinatown San Francisco, walking around telling people it was safe to go to Chinatown and eat dim sum.

Mike Savage: And yet they have the nerve to say that you're responsible for this? Who do they think they're fooling?

Donald Trump: They were very slow, and frankly, if we weren't, if we didn't do what we did, you would have had two million deaths, you would have had two million more deaths. You know, it was estimated to be 2.2 million. And I'm not saying 210,000, any one death is too much.

Mike Savage: Right.

Donald Trump: This should have never happened from China. But, uh, we could have had 2 million, 2.2 million deaths. Uh, we, the job we've done, I heard you talking about vaccines and other things. But you know, the therapeutics, I think frankly the cure, I took something that was so good, the antibodies. I mean, for me, uh, a day later, two days later I was feeling very, very good.

Donald Trump: And it's --

Mike Savage: Regeneron, I, I guess regenerated you. It regenerated you so you could still eat hot dogs.

Donald Trump: It regenerated. Yeah, that's exactly right. I think you're --

Mike Savage: Let me ask you, President Trump, you know, w -- Your greatest, so many things you've done that have been swept under the rug that are really great for world peace. The Democrats like to pose as the party of peace and you're supposed to be the warmonger. Meanwhile, we have troops withdrawn, under you, from Afghanistan --

Donald Trump: Yep.

Mike Savage: ...from Iraq, uh, from Syria. The greatest peace accord in our lifetime between the Arabs and the Jews. Any other president would have been celebrated for this. The, uh, uh, the Democrats and the media make believe it didn't happen. Can you please tell us if you consider that one of your great legacies?

Donald Trump: Well, I do. I think, uh, judges, we, I have 300 judges, uh, by the end of the term, first term, which is a record, and three Supreme Court judges. If you look at, uh, what's going on today with Amy, she's doing a fantastic --

Mike Savage: Oh, she's great.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Savage: She is great. Wow, they can't touch her.

Donald Trump: No, no. She's fantastic. So yeah, I have three Supreme Court justices. But, no, I'm very proud of that because I, I know you're a big fan of Israel and, and what we've done, nobody has done what we've done with, between Jerusalem and Golan Heights, and, and frankly, breaking up the, uh, Iran deal which would have been a disaster for Israel.

Donald Trump: And --

Mike Savage: But how --

Donald Trump: So --

Mike Savage: You brought the Jews and the Arabs together. That first flight from Israel to the UAE was, was historic.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Mike Savage: How in the world can people say you're a warmonger when in the face of it, you're a peacemaker?

Donald Trump: Well, I have built a mili-, we built a military. We have 2.5 trillion into the military. We have the greatest weaponry ever, and we need that, Michael. We have to have that, you know? We have to have that. But, uh, no, I, I think we've done a job like nobody else. Actually, the other side, the so-called professionals that have been doing this for 40 years, they can't believe what we've been able to do.

Donald Trump: And we have many countries right now that want to come on.

Mike Savage: Now Nancy Pelosi, we're not gonna talk about her, but this 25th Amendment is a, is, it's a trick.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Mike Savage: And everyone sees that she intends to commit senile Joe to an old age home and let her stooge, uh, uh, Harris win. Speaking of this kind of, um, let's say, uh, Machiavellian activity, many are asking, President Trump, would you declassify all of the material which shows the Obama administration spied on your campaign and tried to enact a soft coup?

Donald Trump: Well, I've actually done that and we've got them cold, and we're going to push it very strong, but we've caught them and I have declassified everything. Everything's been, virtually everything's been declassified. And, uh, honestly, we caught 'em cold. It's a disgraceful thing that happened. You know, then they talk about the peaceful transference of power, but there was nothing peaceful about it 'cause they were after me before I even got elected.

Donald Trump: So --

Mike Savage: Well, they haven't, they haven't stopped yet.

Donald Trump: But --

Mike Savage: They haven't stopped yet.

Donald Trump: Well, we haven't stopped either. But we've got --

Mike Savage: Oh, you --

Donald Trump: ...but we've got... cold, Michael. We --

Mike Savage: I, I see your fighting spirit has, uh, been regenerated as well.

Donald Trump: We have no choice that there was 'cause -- [Laughs]

Mike Savage: [Laughs] No, how... No, I gotta ask you a personal question.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Mike Savage: How do you, how do you have this fighting spirit? Is this a genetic thing from your mother, father, or both?

Donald Trump: Maybe, I don't know, but I, I, I don't even think about it. A lot of people ask me that question... The energy or the spirit. But I just love what I'm doing, and we're doing a great job. And no administration has done what we've done in the first three and a half years between the military, the tax cuts, regulation cuts, all of the judges.

Donald Trump: You know, 300... of it, by the end of the term, 300 federal judges. It's unheard of... Records.

Mike Savage: And, and Amy Barrett, by the way, she is some choice. She's gonna be a shoe-in because they can't touch her.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Savage: You know, President Trump, I'm watching her and she is presidential material way down the road. That woman is, is really great. I don't know how you, how you had the, the brains to pick on, pick her out. Boy, she is good.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, a lot of people said that was the one they wanted. Everybody was talking about her and... Her professor, I saw this professor who's a longtime professor, a lot of brilliant students, he said, "The most brilliant student I've ever had was Amy." And, uh, you know, it's pretty, pretty amazing stuff.

Donald Trump: She's doing a fantastic job.

Mike Savage: Did you see what the liberals did to her in the beginning? Here's a woman with seven children, two of whom are adopted from Haiti. Uh, two children from Haiti, they try to make her into a racist for adopting two children who would have died in poverty in Haiti. Are they that crazy to think that the people are gonna buy that?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, it's interesting 'cause it hasn't been brought up much today and, at all. Maybe --

Mike Savage: Yeah, because they tried it and it, it blew up in their face.

Donald Trump: Backfired.

Mike Savage: You know, they, they can't touch her. [Crosstalk]. They can't touch her. They can't touch her.

Donald Trump: She's been [Inaudible]

Mike Savage: So what vi-, what vitamins are you taking? You know I'm a vitamin nut. What vitamins are you taking? Are you taking --

Donald Trump: I will tell you that though because I don't take vitamins. I've never taken vitamins. But --

Mike Savage: Well, wait a minute now. W-when you win again and you get time again, I'm gonna sit down with you and tell you, you gotta take some vitamins. I'll tell you which ones you have to take.

Donald Trump: Well, tell me now. Go ahead, tell me.

Mike Savage: [Laughs] I wrote the books on them 30 years ago. Come on, you've got to take some vitamin D. You got to take some vitamin D, it's known to stimulate the immune system, it'll even work well with the Regeneron. It doesn't conflict with Regeneron so in addition to the Regeneron, which is a miracle drug in a way, uh, you know, the monoclonal antibodies are working.

Mike Savage: But your body itself needs the help with the vitamin D, vitamin A, and several other vitamins. Vitamin C would be a, a big help for you, Zinc is important.

Donald Trump: Come on, Michael, I heard you talking about the vaccines. But Regeneron, you do think that's something pretty amazing?

Mike Savage: Yeah, I, I wouldn't, I personally am opposed to a vaccine that hasn't had enough of a trial, but Regeneron looks like a miracle drug to me.

Donald Trump: Amen.

Mike Savage: And the beauty is, this drug was created by two guys from Queens. That's the amazing part, it's an amazing story of that company.

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk].

Mike Savage: But it really works. You know, but before we go, President Trump, here you got the disease they said kills everyone.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Savage: And then everyone found out, no, the mortality rate is very low. Here you are, 74 years old, you get the disease, the left wing celebrates and three days later, you're back on the campaign trail.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mike Savage: So, shouldn't they learn from that, that this is a disease? Yes, it's a virus, yes, it's serious, yes, you should take precautions. But it's not worthy of locking down an entire state or entire nation, because the mortality rate is extremely low.

Donald Trump: That's true. W-, uh, the World Health Organization came in yesterday and finally admitted that I was right. And it's true. But I w -- I will say this, I'm leaving in just a few minutes for Pennsylvania ...

Mike Savage: Yes.

Donald Trump: ...you have an unbelievable crowd and, and I look forward to doing it. You're right, I caught it and you fight it off. And you have to fight it off and it's just one of those things. And then they say you're immune. Now, I don't know how long, whether it's four months or a whole lifetime, nobody really gets [Crosstalk].

Mike Savage: How is, how is my favorite lady on the planet, next to my wife, doing? Mrs. Trump?

Donald Trump: She is doing fantastically, she says hello. I said I would be speaking to you. It's great to speak to you too, actually.

Mike Savage: No, no. You know, you know that we have a certain feel, a rapport. Well, like when I see you folks once in a while, you know there's an emotional feeling. I don't know how that works. How does that work between people? I don't understand it.

Donald Trump: Well, there was, we had, uh, and right from the beginning, you know, you were sort of saying, "That guy's got a really good shot", and I always remembered that. You know, not everybody said ...

Mike Savage: And I want to reme -- remind the people today that even if you live in a Communist state that you think that your vote doesn't count, like California or New York, your vote counts in the popular vote tally. We've got to get everyone listening to this show to get off their behinds and go out and vote, send in those ballots, whatever you have to do.

Mike Savage: Because every vote counts and we need Donald Trump for another four years. That's what I say.

Donald Trump: Wow. Michael, I appreciate it. And I think we're going to win. I think we're going to win by maybe a lot. But we'll... If -- if -- if it's two votes, it's okay. But you know what? I think we're going to win by maybe a lot. And you know, when we have 25, 30,000 people every time I stop, that's your best poll.

Donald Trump: That's, those ...

Mike Savage: Yeah, but take... President Trump, please take care of your health. You know ...

Donald Trump: I will.

Mike Savage: ...health is number one. You know, you're still in recovery, you still have to be -- be, you know, be strong but be a little careful. You know? That's what I'm s -- that, as one friend to another, just ...

Donald Trump: Okay.

Mike Savage: ...you know, be, be a little careful, you know? Don't overdo it. You know, you're still in recovery, your body is still healing. That -- that's what I would say. I don't mean to be a, a nervous Nancy here, but let's be careful.

Donald Trump: It's good.

Mike Savage: Let's be careful, we care about you.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Mike Savage: President Trump, we've got to let you go to Pennsylvania, you've got big things to do. From the bottom of my heart, the part that's still left, I want to thank you for being with us today on the Savage Nation. And I know that everyone listening to this show feels exactly the same way.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Michael, it's an honor and I will see you soon. You take care of yourself.

Mike Savage: Thank you. Bye, now.