Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-allison-latos-wsoc-charlotte-february-7-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Allison Latos: It's nice to meet you. We appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Allison Latos: I'd like to talk to you first about this first summit in Charlotte --

Donald Trump: Right.

Allison Latos: -- and what made you choose Charlotte for this, and how will these federal resources help forgotten neighborhoods while still addressing issues like gentrification?

Donald Trump: Right, we're sending a lot of money to Charlotte. We're sending a lot of money to North Carolina. It's been a great state. I love it. I love the people. That's why I'm here. That's why it's the first stop, really, in a true sense, and it's a happy day. We have a tremendous crowd. Great people.

Allison Latos: Obviously it's been a big week for you with the vote in the Senate. Looking back though, do you have any regrets about your call with President Zelensky?

Donald Trump: No, I don't. I mean, I did nothing wrong. Most people acknowledge that, and most of the senators acknowledge that. The ones that said, well I guess maybe you shouldn't have made the call -- you got to make calls. You have to. Are we supposed to hide, we're supposed to not talk to people? It was a hoax. It was a total hoax perpetrated by Pelosi and the Democrats, and it didn't work, and our poll numbers, as you know, have gone through the roof and everything has, and it's been fine.

Donald Trump: But it's something they shouldn't be doing, and no the president should have to do it.

Allison Latos: As we move forward though, how does your office work to unify this country, and work with the Democrats who just tried to remove you from office?

Donald Trump: I know. I think success does that, really. We're having tremendous success, the greatest success we've ever had in our country. Farmers, manufacturers. Look at your state. Your state is the number one state in terms of you having the best year you've ever had in North Carolina. And I think success does that more than anything else.

Donald Trump: That's something that really shows, and we are setting records all over. In North Carolina, we've set every record.

Allison Latos: As we approach August, we know that we will welcome you back for the RNC deal.

Donald Trump: Yes. It's a big deal.

Allison Latos: How important are the Carolinas to you for your reelection campaign?

Donald Trump: Well very, very important and I'll be here a lot. You're going to see so much of me, you're going to say please don't come anymore. But I'll be here a lot. It's a very special place, and, you know, in North Carolina, as you know, I own property, I own, right on Lake Norman. A big club, a big golf club, and it's been tremendous.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I've always liked the state.

Allison Latos: Are you worried about any protests in the RNC?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. I mean, there might be, because there are always protests, but we handle them. No, we chose the state for a reason. We like it. We like the people, and that's why we're here.

Allison Latos: President Trump, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Allison Latos: We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Good job.