Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sinclair-media-group-eric-bolling-town-hall-october-21-2020

Eric Bolling: We want to welcome the Sinclair audience, this is America This Week, it's a very, very special occasion. It's a town hall at the White House with the Commander in Chief, President Donald Trump, we want to say thank you to you in one second. And I also want to say thank you to our invited guests, when they heard we were doing a town hall they sent in some questions.

Eric Bolling: They will be asking questions, we'll get to as many as we possibly can a little bit later in the show. We'd also like to point out this offer was extended to the Biden campaign, we have not heard back from them just yet. Obviously, you can see we are social distancing, people are in masks, we want to make sure the CDC and all the media is okay wi -- with all that.

Eric Bolling: Sir, thank you again very much for doing this.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Thank you, Eric.

Eric Bolling: A -- and our town hall is a big deal. It -- it -- Two weeks left to, to the election. A lot of people have questions now, they're gonna make their decisions on who they're gonna vote for right now, based on this next hour. Sir, the debate is coming up on Thursday, just wanted to talk to you, this came out this week, that some new rules were added.

Eric Bolling: Specifically, that there was going to be a mute button added to Kristen Welker's, um, I guess, repertoire of what she will be able to do as debate moderator. First of all, your thought on the new rule.

Donald Trump: Well, that's not fair. Plus, they changed the topics, which isn't fair. Just happened. Plus, Kristen Welker, obviously, is a heavily biased person, with her parents being fundraisers and having supported the D -- Democrats. And she's a, uh, Democrat, I know her well. Uh, so, you know, it's just one of those things.

Donald Trump: But if you look at, uh, the last, uh, person had to leave in disgrace because it turned out that he was obviously very biased. And, uh, I wouldn't say that Chris Wallace did himself proud.

Eric Bolling: So, but this is nothing new for President Trump.

Donald Trump: No. It's called my life!

Eric Bolling: For Donald Trump the candidate, the -- the President, uh, Trump also, the -- there's been a, I guess a perceived hostile media towards you, um, what's your strategy going into this debate? A lot of people are saying you cut Bide -- Biden off, some people liked it, others didn't. Any different, uh, debate prep strategy?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of people liked it. He was lying, he was, you know, going point after point and, uh, they weren't truthful points so I, uh, let him know that. I thought it was good, I think a lot of people agreed with that and some people probably didn't. Some people think let him talk because he loses his train, he just loses it, and he doesn't speak, the train of thought.

Donald Trump: But, uh, we'll see what happens. I mean, you really have to be there. You know, I've done a lot of debating in the last four years, as you know, and it's worked out well. Or I guess we're not here, come to think of it, no. It's called the White House, right? But the fact is that, uh, you see, I find you always have to just wait, it's, uh, you have a strategy, but all of a sudden you change your strategy, we'll see what it is.

Donald Trump: Whatever it is, it is.

Eric Bolling: Speaking of strategy, Joe Biden his strategy has been this week, he called a lid, which, for people who don't understand, in the media you call a lid when you're gonna make no more news.

Donald Trump: Right.

Eric Bolling: You're not going to make any more appearances. He called a lid on Monday, through the debate on Thursday. You take a completely different tack, you're out there on the campaign trail. What's working?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to Erie, Pennsylvania in a little while, right after this interview. We have thousands and thousands of people, they've been there for two days, already waiting. We had, we just got back from Arizona, and many other places. And we're having tens of thousands of people go to each one, and, uh, the spirit's been incredible.

Donald Trump: He's taken a different thing, and I think he doesn't want to be asked about his family, because it's corrupt. What they've done is corrupt. And nobody's ever seen anything like it, when you look at the laptop, we call it the laptop from hell, and when you look at what, uh, what they've done, and, as a family where the son follows the father into these countries and they walk away with tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: It's ridiculous. And then the press doesn't want to cover it. And Big Tech doesn't want to cover it.

Eric Bolling: I'm gonna get to the Big Tech in a second with regards to this, but right now is there, is there anything, I -- I -- clearly there could be things that you could consider unethical. Is there anything you think has been done with the Bidens, Hunter and his father Joe Biden, that's illegal?

Donald Trump: Well, they've got one letter, that he gets 10%. They have another one, I think it said 50%. But that he gets 10%. You s -- did you see that?

Eric Bolling: I did.

Donald Trump: Okay, I mean.

Eric Bolling: Well, I -- I think he called it 10 for, 10 for the guy.

Donald Trump: For the big man, or the big guy. He's the big guy. Ah, no, it's, ah, it's terrible. It's terrible. Look, in Moscow, three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow's wife. Uh, hundreds of thousands of dollars a month to sit on a board in Ukraine about energy, and he knows nothing about energy.

Donald Trump: And admits he knows nothing about energy. And many other things. No, it's -- it's a corrupt enterprise, there's no question about it.

Eric Bolling: You know, ah, New York Post broke the story. Um, and Twitter immediately blocked --

Donald Trump: Yeah!

Eric Bolling: -- the whole New York Post Twitter, uh, handle off Twitter. And, uh, there's, I believe Kayleigh McEnany was pulled for a while as well. Do you feel that Twitter and Facebook are, um, are -- are cheating, are biased in this election?

Donald Trump: Oh, 100%. And frankly, uh, that's turning out to be as big a story as the corruption itself. They are trying to protect him because that's the way it is with the Democrats. It's a part of the Democrat Party, I guess. But they're trying to protect Biden from this corruption where they got caught. And that's turning out to be just as big a story.

Eric Bolling: Censorship?

Donald Trump: Of course. I mean, it's at a level that nobody thought possible.

Eric Bolling: Election interference?

Donald Trump: Yeah, 100%.

Eric Bolling: You know, there's this Rule 230, as you know. And Rule 230, for our audience, is, uh --

Donald Trump: It's Section 230.

Eric Bolling: Section 230, i -- i -- it basically shields some social media companies from the legal scrutiny that they would have had they not had the Section 230. Now Ajit Pai, your FCC Commissioner, said he wants to revisit 230. What do you think should happen?

Donald Trump: Well, we're gonna see what happens, they have to make a ruling. But, uh, nobody ever thought this Section 230 was gonna be devised for purposes like this, and what they're doing. Nobody's ever seen, nobody has ever seen anything like this, Eric. And you know it better than anybody. Nobody has ever seen anything like this.

Eric Bolling: You use Twitter, though, um, effectively. Are you concerned that, um, they've, they've taken that tool, that arrow out of your quiver?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I have a voice that seems to be a pretty big voice, and we're here. This is where we are. And they fought me the last time, but they're fighting dirtier, now, and harder. And they've gotten bigger, as companies. And, the Democrats and their relationship to the media, now, has been totally exposed, and dirty, very dirty.

Donald Trump: So, uh, but, you know --

Eric Bolling: E -- explain that. A little further.

Donald Trump: -- I won last time. Well, they work together. They work together, uh, like nobody would ever believe. And, the last time they did, and we won, and I think we're gonna win again. We have more spirit now, and you see that, than we ever had four years ago. And four years ago, I think we set records on enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: And they measure enthusiasm, and we have more enthusiasm now than we did four years ago, by a lot. The crowds are bigger, the rallies are bigger, the, it's, people are angry and happy at the same time, it's very interesting. They're angry at what they see going on, they spied on my campaign. We caught them.

Donald Trump: They we -- did more than spy on the campaign. They tried to take down a duly elected President of the United States, and, uh, the whole thing is incredible. Not even believable, but we caught them, and now we're finding out this whole Biden thing with all the corruption. And at least I have a voice where I can talk to you, I can talk to other people and get the voice out.

Donald Trump: But, uh, no, what, what the media has done, mainstream lame stream, I call it "lame stream media," what they've done is incredible, and now big tech, on top of it. So, uh, but look, I'm here, I'm cutting taxes, they're raising taxes, for a reason that's bad. You look at all of the things, Second Amendment, we're protecting the Second Amendment --

Eric Bolling: Is, is --

Donald Trump: -- they're gonna get rid of the Second Amendment.

Eric Bolling: Is there more, is there more coming out about the Hunter Biden, Joe Biden --

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah. I think so. I think a lot more.

Eric Bolling: When?

Donald Trump: I don't want to talk about it, but I think a lot more. I think you'll see a lot more. Again, I'm not in charge of that, but I think you're gonna see a lot more.

Eric Bolling: One of the things, um, I noticed this week is, uh, y -- you've been going back and forth with the press about Anthony Fauci. What's your relationship with Fauci?

Donald Trump: I, I get along with him fine, but he's made mistakes. And, uh, you know, when he said he, he really is, uh, stopped from going on television, then you see him do 60 Minutes, not one of the greatest shows in the world, and he's not. And, but when you see it, he said, "No masks. Don't wear masks." And then he said, "Wear masks." And, uh, he didn't want me to stop people from coming in from China, and then he admitted it was a great move that I made, against him.

Donald Trump: You know, I overrode him. But with all of that, I get along with him, and I, I like him, he's, uh, Tony --

Eric Bolling: Well, y -- [Laughs] --

Donald Trump: -- he's a nice guy.

Eric Bolling: -- you called him a disaster! [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah, look, he's, he's made bad moves, but, uh, he's been there a long time.

Eric Bolling: Um, uh, this is, and, and I know this is hard to answer, but let me ask you this anyway. With Covid, is there anything that you think you could have done differently, if you had a mulligan or a do-over on one aspect of, of the way you handled it, what would it be?

Donald Trump: Not much. Look, it's all over the world. You have a lot of great leaders, they're a lot of smart people. It's all over the world. It came out of China, and China should have stopped it. They stopped it from spreading into other parts of China after Wuhan. But China should have stopped it. No, not much. I, I did it very early.

Donald Trump: You know, Biden was criticizing me when, he, he said I was xenophobic when I turned off, when I stopped, when I put the ban on China. And he said I was xenophobic, think of that. And, Pelosi did, too. She said, "Oh, it's terrible, it's ridiculous." I was months early. Now, they come back and say, "Oh, I should have done it sooner." You couldn't have done it sooner.

Donald Trump: I did it at a very early point.

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, why has the mask become such a political football? I mean, would it be that, that bad if we just said, "You know what, open the economy"?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Eric Bolling: Open your businesses. Go to restaurants. Open your stores. Open your schools. Just wear a mask. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I have no problem with it. I have no problem with the mask, and frankly, some people don't like it. Some people don't like it scientifically. I mean, you know, you have a lot of different views in the mix. Look at Fauci where he originally said, "Don't wear a mask." And then he comes out and he says, "Wear it," that's okay.

Eric Bolling: There are a couple cable channels that make a living off of yo -- what you say and what you do with --

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Bolling: -- masks. Why not just take that --

Donald Trump: Well, I have done that.

Eric Bolling: -- away from them?

Donald Trump: I said, "Wear a mask," um, and socially distance, and all of those things. And people are gonna do what they wanna do. You know, when you see my rallies, a lot of those people are actually wearing masks. And they're outdoor rallies. Which is very important. No, to me it's not a big issue. To me it's an issue, I say wear it.

Donald Trump: It's okay.

Eric Bolling: Ah, very good.

Donald Trump: I have no problem with it.

Eric Bolling: China, you mentioned China. You brought up China. President Trump, second term, what do you do with China? At least on all this --

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I'm, we're gonna do plenty with China, but we're not, uh -- What they did to us is a disgrace. It's a disgrace.

Eric Bolling: When you say, "plenty," specifically, th -- th -- th --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not gonna talk to you about that, Eric. I mean, you know, give me a break. But, uh, we're gonna do plenty with respect to China. And, uh, what they did to this country, to this world, everything, you're sitting there with that mask because of China, okay? And, uh, it's disgraceful. It's a total disgrace. But you'll find out.

Eric Bolling: Well, so, the reason why I'm asking uh, Mr. President, is because maybe some people out here are going, "How would Biden handle China, versus how would Trump handle China?"

Donald Trump: Okay, well Biden can handle it any way he wants, Biden's bought off by China. Biden took out a billion and a half dollars for his son to manage and make millions of dollars a year. Biden is weak on China, Biden's been weak on China from day one. Biden let China get away with murder. Biden let China wa -- steal us and rob us blind.

Donald Trump: I've taken out billions and billions of dollars from China with the tariffs and everything else we've done. And we were doing great and then we got hit by the pandemic. By the vir -- as they call it, "The plague." The plague that came out of China. So, well you'll find out.

Eric Bolling: Okay, um, very quickly we only have a couple minutes before we go to break and get to some of the audience questions, um, the polls, the polls had you trailing, you've tightened the polls, what do you attribute that to? And should we even watch the polls?

Donald Trump: Well, I watch polls, but the polls are fake, just like the reporting. Uh, I think we're winning, I think we're winning big, I think we're winning in Florida, I think we're winning in North Carolina, in Arizona, and I think we're winning in Nevada. We've got a governor out there that I don't trust, but that's all right.

Donald Trump: I think that all of these ballots that they're sending, these millions of ballots are very dangerous. Uh, supreme court made an unbelievable decision yesterday, when he allowed one of the states, or they allowed one of the states to go -- [Crosstalk]

Eric Bolling: Yeah, Pennsylvania -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Beyond the time -- [Crosstalk]

Eric Bolling: Pennsylvania is now allowed to -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It's the craziest thing anybody's ever heard, because that could delay the results of the election. Based on one state. It's uh, a just a crazy decision but that's what we have to deal with.

Eric Bolling: Very important state. Could be -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Very important.

Eric Bolling: Could be the deciding state in fact.

Donald Trump: And I'm doing very well there, we're very well in Pennsylvania. But you would think you'd wanna have the votes counted, tabulated, finished by the evening of November 3rd. Not long after that, it could be long after that. What a decision by the supreme court.

Eric Bolling: Very good, Pennsylvania, again up to possibly three days after November 3rd to continue to count the votes.

Donald Trump: Possibly a lot longer than that.

Eric Bolling: Could be, could be. We're gonna come right back and answer your questions, questions from the town hall audience, when we come right back with the commander in chief.

Note: [Commercial Break. Note there is a short audio gap of a few words when the broadcast returned.]

Eric Bolling: And we called and you guys showed up with a lot of pertinent questions. Mr. Commander in Chief, take a listen to TJ Smith.

Donald Trump: How do you do?

Question: Thank you Mr. President. Um, I'm from Baltimore, and sadly I lost my cousin to murder in 2003 and my brother in 2017. I work with countless parents who have lost their children to the crime epidemic, and most don't care about political affiliation.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: They care about competent and honest leadership. Undoubtedly my city like many other urban centers, has it's share of problems. Many of which are historical and at their root, economical. Besides criminal justice reform, and the H, uh, and the uh assistance with HBCUs, what has your administration done specifically for inter-city black Americans over the last four years?

Question: And what are your plans moving forward for inter-city black Americans understanding the destruction that segregation and redlining continues to have on these communities?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I mean, it's a very fair question, but we can't just say, you know, forgetting about criminal justice reform, I got criminal justice reform done, prison reform done, opportunity zones, TJ, is another one that we're you know, very important, opportunity zones, but the thing that uh, when you ask a question like that, there's so -- if you just look at where the problem is, democrat run cities, states, but democrat run.

Donald Trump: You say Baltimore, democrat run, exclusively. It has been for 100 years. And they've let you down, they've let everybody down, they've let our country down. Uh, you go to other areas where you have very similar problems to Baltimore, democrat run, in every instance, every instance. Uh, now they have no cash bail.

Donald Trump: They have all sorts of things that nobody would even think of and they allow, they've allowed it to get out of control. This is not taking place in republican areas. It's just not and that's the problem. We need our police to be great, and they are great. And we've had endorsements from almost everybody.

Donald Trump: Uh, and uh, they have to be allowed to do their job. And if there's bad ones, we'll weed them out. You know, we'll weed them out. But for the most part, like, a tremendously high number they've done their job. But with stronger policing in Baltimore perhaps you wouldn't have had those too tragic events.

Donald Trump: So I fully understand, but these are democrat run cities.

Eric Bolling: Mr.President, you, um, Ice Cube, the, the, rapper.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Eric Bolling: And celebrity, uh, movie star. Approached you both, both campaigns, yours and the Biden campaign, you came up with some money, President Biden said we'll look at it after the election. He couldn't come up with an idea. You won that one. What should've Biden have done?

Donald Trump: Well, look that's up to them. They, they, Biden has done very little and he's done very little for the African-American community. And if you look at what they've done over the years, very, very little. Nothing. 1994 was a disaster what he did. Okay? For the black community. And frankly for the Hispanic community.

Donald Trump: And I think that's being reflected in the polls, and you're seeing what's happening people now understand it.

Eric Bolling: But, it's, it's difficult for republican, even yourself to get anywhere north of 10%.

Donald Trump: Yeah, but we're doing not badly and frankly we should be -- we should get 100%. And I'd say this, I say it loudly and clearly, no president has done what I've done in the most positive sense for the African American community other than Abraham Lincoln, and it's true. When you think of criminal justice reform and prison reform and what I've done for the historically Black colleges and universities and opportunity zones, nobody's done a -- these things.

Donald Trump: And people maybe don't like to talk about it, but nobody's done what I've done, except -- with the exception, I say, of Abraham Lincoln, and nobody even calls me out on that because they know it's true. We should get tremendous votes from the African American community. And we're doing better than a Republican would do, but we should do way better than -- you know, it's almost like habit.

Donald Trump: You vote for a Democrat out of habit, but look what they've done. Look what they've done. We're just talking about Baltimore. Look at what a disaster Baltimore is. Look at what a disaster so many of these Democrat cities are -- so -- but that's what it is [Crosstalk]

Eric Bolling: But let's take a listen to Julia Ferrari. She's a first time voter, an independent as well.

Question: Hi, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Question: As a first time voter, watching this election has been filled with so much negativity, so what is one positive thing you can say about the Democratic party?

Donald Trump: I -- I may need a little time for that.

Eric Bolling: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: I may have to think about it. Well, I'll tell you one thing, they stick together. I disagree with their politics. Uh, I think it's, uh, I think some of the things they do are horrible, whether it's, uh, their views on crime, law and order, their, uh, sanctuary cities, no borders, they don't want borders.

Donald Trump: They wanna raise your taxes, they wanna quadruple your taxes, actually. Think of it. They wanna quadruple your taxes, they wanna get rid of your guns, second amendment. I think their politics are horrible, but they always stick together. You don't have freelancers like you do in the Republican party. We have freelancers.

Donald Trump: And the freelancers hurt our party very badly. But the one thing I say ab -- and I say it to you, I've said that to you before, they do stick together.

Eric Bolling: Yeah. Mr. President, we have, uh, Walter Blanks. He's an independent, undecided, uh, voter as well. I think this is an important one to a lot of our viewers who, right now, at home, who are concerned about school choice.

Question: Hello, Mr. President. You often say that school choice is the, uh, civil rights issue of our -- of our time.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: And if someone from Ohio who've benefited from school choice and is living a better life because of it, I mean, just last year, I sat next to you, essentially told you I was coming for your job --

Donald Trump: I remember.

Question: -- um --

Donald Trump: I remember.

Question: -- what? Um, specifically, how do you plan to give more children access to a better education, especially in low income communities and communities of color?

Donald Trump: Well, charter schools are very important. School choice is very important. It's a great question. And it really is, it's the civil rights issue of our time, and the Democrats are locked in to the public school system and, you know, you know the reason. It's obvious the reason, but they're locked in, and they're never gonna cha -- they want charter schools out.

Donald Trump: They don't want school choice. And right there, that -- that alone is reasons for them to lose this election.

Eric Bolling: Yup.

Donald Trump: But good job, you're doing. I remember you [Laughs]

Eric Bolling: So, all our suburban moms are -- are -- are wanting to hear your --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Eric Bolling: -- opinion on school choice and also --

Donald Trump: Well, there's a reason why suburban moms -- I mean, I think we're doing very well with that, but something very important is I ended the regulation that would've allowed projects, low income housing, and a lot of problems into suburbia, and I ended it. And if Biden got in, they would take that regulation and quadruple it, just like they're gonna quadruple taxes, and destroy suburbia.

Donald Trump: So, I think we're gonna do very well --

Eric Bolling: So, you -- you're gonna protect -- you're protecting the school choice, charter schools.

Donald Trump: I'm protecting people in suburbia --

Eric Bolling: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- and I'm also protecting them, but I'm pr -- I'm protecting the suburban mom and dad, and I'm protecting them very strongly. This is a regulation that you know all about that was a disaster. I've terminated it.

Eric Bolling: Yeah. I have a -- a special, uh, request for the control room. The -- the friend of mine, when he heard I was doing a town hall with the president, he said I -- I have to get a question and I can't, be here in control room, I hope you have it queued up. Let's take a listen to a friend of mine, and you may know this guy from football, Brett Favre.

Question: Hello, Mr. President. My question is the NBA and the NFL are struggling with lower ratings as fans clearly do not want political messaging mixed with their sports. So how should the leads support and promote an anti-racism position without becoming political and alienating fans? Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, Brett is a great guy, okay? I know him. You know him. And, uh, a champion, a winner. I -- I think the NBA and, I mean, NBA ratings were down 70%, more than that, for their finale, for their big, you know, deal, and the NFL is way down. People don't wanna see, uh, all of the politics. They've got into politics with me and with everybody else.

Donald Trump: And then I wanna see it with football and sports on Sunday or whenever they happen to be watching, I think it's had a huge impact on sports, a huge negative impact on sports. And I think what the, uh, football ought to get back to football and basketball to basketball and let politics remain separate. And if people wanna protest, they can.

Donald Trump: But they shouldn't be protesting on the sidelines during a football game, especially when they're making $10 million a year for something that they'd be doing anyway for free if they weren't in the league or the NFL or in the NBA. But the NBA in particular, I mean, their ratings have gone down. I've never seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: But the NFL too. People don't wanna see it, and they want to have these players stand and salute, or put their hand over their heart, or at least stand for the national anthem and salute. They want to -- they want to respect the American flag. They want respect for our country. They want respect for the American flag.

Question: What's it going to take -- what is the NBA, the NFL, Major League Baseball, what are they -- they gonna need to do to get President Trump back as a fan?

Donald Trump: Well, they're gonna have to start respecting our country. It's very simple. And you start by respecting our flag. And a lot of people agree with me on that. Thank you.

Eric Bolling: Okay. Let's do this, let's take another question from the audience, and this may dovetail into what we were just talking about right here. Ed Norris, uh, Ed Norris, are you -- The microphone, there he is.

Question: Yes I am. Mr. President, hell hath no fury like a vested interested masquerading as a moral principle. Because of exactly this, we've watched cities burned and looted while police officers were told to stand down. The residual effect has been even worse. Police officers of all ranks are retiring or quitting in staggering numbers because they've been portrayed as murderous thugs.

Question: There was absolutely no data support the claim.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: Those who remain are reluctant to do their job for fear of being targeted by activist prosecutors. Result has been skyrocketing crime throughout the United States. What can be done to debunk the lie being told and convince police officers they'll be protected if they act in good faith, so we can make America safe again?

Eric Bolling: Uh, by the way, Ed is a former Colonel of Maryland State Police.

Donald Trump: Good. I could see that. Central casting, actually. [Laughs]. Uh, look, uh, our police officers have to be -- have to be allowed to do their job. They have to be not concerned with if they speak to somebody a little bit incorrectly they're gonna lose their pension, lose their family, lose everything. I mean, they're afraid to do anything nowadays.

Donald Trump: They have to be allowed to do their job, and we have to respect our police officers. It's a tough job, and it's a very dangerous job, more dangerous than ever. They have to be allowed to do their job.

Question: I -- I think the number is about 120 Seattle police officers have resigned recently.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know. Well, Seattle in particular, what they've --

Question: It -- it -- it -- it's an -- it's an epidemic, but, um, and -- and that happens when you have mayors that don't support their police departments. But is there anything the federal government can do, the -- the administration can do to keep pe -- to keep cops in their jobs?

Donald Trump: Uh, we can give them support morally, financially. We can help them with things. We can do a lot. But when you see the two police officers shot in a car a week ago, two weeks ago, when you see the kind of things happening, and -- If people aren't gonna be respecting our police, our police are being put at a tremendous disadvantage because of our politicians.

Donald Trump: Our politicians are hurting our police, and we can't let that happen. You know, I've gotten the endorsement in this run for -- by almost every police department, by every law enforcement group. Even New York City's finest, which has really been stifled, because they're afraid to do anything. You can't do anything.

Donald Trump: They'll end up losing everything they have. And I've gotten tremendous endorsements. Chicago, Florida, Texas. Every -- every -- I would say almost all of them, because I have respect for the police. We have to respect our police. Without our police, we would be living in a whole different world.

Question: Do -- do -- is -- is there systemic racism within police departments? And is there any sort of retraining that they need with given a new -- the -- the new world we live in?

Donald Trump: I mean, that's always the question you get asked. Is there -- And I guess there probably is, and that's very sad, there is, and I think there's not much -- or hopefully there's not much. But don't forget a lot of our police departments are made up of Hispanic-Americans, African-Americans, Asian-Americans.

Donald Trump: I mean, really it's not like it was 20, 25 years ago, I guess. But I guess there always is, and it's a shame. It's a shame. But we have to respect our police, and we have to let them do their job.

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, stay right there. Sinclair audience America this week, in a town hall from the White House. We will be back with more of your questions.

Note: [Commercial Break. Note there is a short audio gap of a few words when the broadcast returned.]

Donald Trump: Hi -- hi, Lynn.

Question: Thank you. Um, Mr. President, thank you for your leadership and in understanding the importance of reopening schools safely. And my question that I hear a lot from educators like myself across the United States, will educators and students be given priority for COVID vaccinations, um, when they're available?

Question: After, of course, healthcare workers and first responders.

Donald Trump: So we're looking at it very strongly. I will say this, you know, when Barron Trump had it, he's a young man, and it was gone before -- practically before they even told us he had it. Uh, young people do very well. 99.9%, uh, are primary -- And -- and the educators, that's a little bit different. They're older, and you know, in the cases where they are older, but I will say we really have to take care of our seniors, because this is a disease -- We've learned a lot.

Donald Trump: This is a disease that really is effecting the seniors with us in a w -- especially where there's a heart problem, a diabetes problem. That's got to be the focus. But yeah, at a certain -- Lynn, at a certain age level, absolutely, I agree 100%. But you see the kind of numbers for young people. Under 20, under 25, it's like, not bad.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: How do you -- how do you feel?

Donald Trump: I feel great. I feel really good. I -- I had it, and recovered quickly. I feel good. Really good.

Question: And the First Lady had it, she's -- how is she doing?

Donald Trump: She had it. She's doing very well. I mean, she had -- she had it, and she -- she -- I would say very well, and Barron, a -- again, I say it was -- he's got it. How's he doing? He doesn't have it anymore. You know? They have a strong immune system. Stronger than us, I guess. Pretty -- pretty good.

Eric Bolling: Okay, sir. There -- the -- I love this question. This is Mario, um, I'm sorry, Mario Bramick. Mario, your question.

Question: Mr. President, it's great seeing you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: Uh, my family left Cuba -- I left with my family --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: -- in 1960, fleeing communist Cuba --

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: -- to come to America for the American dream. Small and family businesses are critical to Hispanic families for economic prosperity. Their economic future depends on free enterprise and less government regulation to survive and grow. Socialism threatens these families' very way of life.

Donald Trump: True.

Question: Vice President Biden seems like he strongly supports socialistic government intrusion into small businesses. In your second term, as we are rebuilding our economy, how will you protect Hispanic family -- owned businesses from liberal progressive policies that would jeopardize these Hispanic families to gain the American dream?

Donald Trump: Okay, so I have tremendous Hispanic support, as you know.

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: We've been working with Hispanic small business men, and you know -- and women. Uh, they're great business people. The Hispanics are great business people. We've been working -- billions and billions of dollars have been, uh, allocated to small businesses for many people, but Hispanic people have been really, really, um, they've benefited by what we've done.

Donald Trump: Cuba, I just got the Bay Of Pigs award. They love what I'm doing, and Biden is a Castro person. He's totally a Castro -- Obama and Biden sold out to Cuba, and I ended that horrible deal, and in terms of popularity, with the Cuban population in Miami, it's very high. You know that, and we're gonna keep it that way.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: Mr. President, I -- wh -- uh, There's eleven million people in Cuba. They're very close. Um, most of the world is trading with Cuba. We're not. Is there an opportunity in a second term to maybe renegotiate with Cuba to open up those lines of -- of trade.

Donald Trump: At the right time, but they have to treat people properly. What they've done in terms of a regime, and you can say it better than anybody, what they've done in terms of a regime is deplorable and horrible.

Question: So it's all human rights issues that -- that you have opposing --

Donald Trump: Well, it is, it is, and, you know, you have people living in Miami who have suffered greatly, and we're working with them, and very close. We're -- I'm very close to the Cuban -- American population. I don't know, for whatever reason, we've become very close. Uh, Venezuela too, you take a look at what's going on in Venezuela, uh, and this is all per the question.

Donald Trump: They get into the socialism thing. They destroy the country. This country will never be a socialist country. They get into socialism and everything is destroyed.

Donald Trump: It sounds good. You get everything for nothing, everything free, but that doesn't last very long, and you look at Venezuela was a wealthy country just a short while ago. Now they have no food, they have no water, they have not medicine, they have nothing, but we're wa -- we're watching that whole situation.

Donald Trump: Cuba, Venezuela, all very, very -- Nicaragua, by the way, very closely. Thank you very much.

Question: So one of the things that people say is, uh, this Covid relief, a lot of the money, the trillions upon trillions, and now, I guess, that we're somewhere between a 1.8 trillion dollar offer and a 2.4 trillion dollar ask --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: -- on one side or the other, is there gonna to be somewhere meeting in the middle, and, we're talking trillions of dollars, Mr. President. That's a lot of --

Donald Trump: It's because of China.

Question: -- [Inaudible] money.

Donald Trump: All because of China. It is a lot, but the fact is that it was not the American people that caused this problem. This was caused by China. All by China.

Question: You make them pay?

Donald Trump: Uh, you'll watch. You'll watch.

Question: Let's talk about the grander economies. I think th -- me included, I come from the economic world. I used to do business shows, I used to talk to you about business 10, 15 years ago, I'm pleasantly surprised, but surprised, that the stock market shows as much strength as it does. Now those on the left will say, "Well, everyone isn't in the stock market." A lot of people are, and a lot of capital raising, capital expenditures, come from the equities markets, and they're strong, surprisingly strong.

Question: Is the rest of the economy as strong as the stock market is?

Donald Trump: I -- I think we've built a great foundation, and that's why even during -- I think we're rounding the turn. I say it and I -- I mean it a hundred percent. With the vaccines coming, therapeutics, we're rounding the turn on Covid, but if we didn't build the strong base like I built for the first three and a half years, we would not be in the position were at now.

Donald Trump: I mean, we have a stock market that's almost at an all -- time high. I think it will be, and the biggest headwind is Biden, because if he got elected, this thing will crash. It's a headwind. It really is, a bad headwind.

Donald Trump: Somebody said it very well on, uh, one of your favorite shows today, they said it very, very well. It's a big headwind. So, uh, I think we're gonna have a tremendous year next year, we're gonna cut taxes. Again, he's gonna raise taxes, quadruple taxes, quadruple regulations that I've been ale to cut, that were meaningless, but they made it impossible to do business.

Donald Trump: So, we're gonna have a great year next year. We're gonna cut taxes and many other things, but it's gonna be a strong year.

Question: You mentioned a couple of things in that answer. One of them was, we're gonna get a vaccine, and we're gonna get some help. I think those two things are driving the Stock market right now. Do you believe the vaccine is -- is imminent?

Donald Trump: Very soon. There is, uh, great, great companies and, uh, it's gonna happen very soon.

Eric Bolling: Well, that'll certainly be some wind in the, in the economy's set.

Donald Trump: No, that'll be a great thing. Uh, gonna happen without, but we're gonna have a vaccine very soon, and we have therapeutics that are fantastic. We have -- meaning things that help you get better. You look at the mortality rate, 85%. I mean, th -- what we've done is, uh, incredible in the short period of time, over a seven-month period.

Donald Trump: Uh, no, we've done a good job.

Eric Bolling: An -- an -- and final question on the economy, I, uh, y -- you have to be blind not to walk around and see a lot of the brick and mortar stores, this -- this [Inaudible] bodegas on the street, they're closing. Now, some of the online retailers, they're doing phenomenally, car sales are strong, but that was a big part of the economy.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Bolling: Have we, have we just rewritten the rules of the economy?

Donald Trump: Well, I think so, but I think once it gets going and once the COVID's gone and everything else, uh, you're gonna see that also open. But, if you look at retail sales, they're doing fantastic, fantastically. If you look at cars, car sales, real estate, housing, people can't believe it. Housing's doing better than it was doing before.

Donald Trump: So, we have a very powerful foundation.

Eric Bolling: Cars, auto sales --

Donald Trump: No, it's incredible.

Eric Bolling: Used -- used car sales have --

Donald Trump: Yep.

Eric Bolling: -- very, very begin to [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Incredible.

Eric Bolling: -- and -- and prices are -- are skyrocketing with used car sales. Um, COVID's spiking. The number of cases are spiking. Now, I also went to, even NBC News, and they -- they put co -- the deaths by day --

Donald Trump: You said the word, you said the word, "cases," and the reason cases is because we test.

Eric Bolling: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have more tests than any other country in the world by quadruple. We test more than anybody, and that's good, but where it's bad is it allows the fake news to do nothing but talk about cases. Now, if we cut the testing in half, you'd have half the number of cases, and if we cut it in half again, you'd have another half the number in cases.

Donald Trump: So, it's one of those things. So, we have the best testing in the world, but it shows the most cases. Uh, other countries don't test, they don't have cases. Very simple.

Eric Bolling: I -- I think there's a, there's a -- a math equation in there, sir. I think if the cases are going up, uh, th -- the deaths are staying even. That means the death rate, the mortality rate, is plummeting.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Eric Bolling: It's dropping.

Donald Trump: But actually, deaths are going down.

Eric Bolling: That's what I mean. They're -- they're --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Eric Bolling: Even the down, with cases going up, something is what -- like him or not, like us or not, something is right about that.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Eric Bolling: That surf's flat to down. That's -- that's the real indicator.

Donald Trump: Right. Now, th -- the testing does tell you where to look and, you know, what area, where's is it from, but we're finding cases because we test. If you didn't test -- I mean, one particular country can, and I'm friendly with a lot of the leaders. I say, "Do you test?" "No, we don't test," and the country shows no cases.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't know they even have a problem with COVID.

Eric Bolling: Why do you think China has so few cases?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they have a lot of death, but they don't report it. They have a lot of death, but they don't report it.

Eric Bolling: Do you think we're over-reporting COVID and others are [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I don't wanna get into that again. It gets too complicated, too controversial. I don't wanna be contro -- I wanna, I don't wanna be controversial for a change.

Donald Trump: But, we certainly report and other countries don't and, you know, China, look, do you believe the numbers in China? You know, where they have a very small, uh, w -- everybody knows how badly China got hit. Now, they should've stopped it from coming in here, but China was hit hard, and I won't mention other countries, but other countries were hit really hard, much harder than they report.

Eric Bolling: All right. Mr. President, stay right there. We have one more block with the president. We'll ask y -- answer your questions, America This Week Town Hall, from the White House. All right, we're back with the president of the United States, from the White House Town Hall, Sinclair America This Week. We have a question from the Town Hall audience.

Question: Hey, Mr. President. Uh, Coach Kennedy, I coach [Crosstalk] uh, football up in Bremerton, Washington, and --

Donald Trump: Good.

Question: -- I was one that was terminated for praying after the football game.

Donald Trump: Oh, boy.

Question: And --

Donald Trump: I know all about that. Terrible.

Question: I've been fighting with the court systems, and especially with the, uh, Ninth Circuit, which we're getting ready to go to again. Um, for the First Amendment, the Freedom of Speech and Freedom of Religion, what are you gonna do in the next four years? I know you did a lot in the first four years for us. What are you gonna do in the next four years for our courts and f -- to protect the, uh, the First Amendment?

Donald Trump: Well, I did a lot for you, by the way, because I put a lot of new judges on the Ninth Circuit, and I --

Question: You did, sir.

Donald Trump: -- think you're gonna get a fair shake. So, maybe we'll start right there, and Coach, I know about your case and I hope you're gonna win. I hope you're gonna win that case, okay? I don't know if I'm allowed to say that, but I hope you're gonna win. Thank you, Coach. I'll bet you're a good coach, too. Thank you very much.

Eric Bolling: Speaking of judges, let's talk a little bit about your -- your recent nomination, your nominee, Amy Coney Barrett. Um, a lot of people, uh, say, okay, that's three, what else can you do? You think there'll be any more vacancies in the next four years?

Donald Trump: So, in the next four, uh, that's one of the reasons it's so important to go out and vote because he's gonna put in radical left judges, which will destroy our country. One of the most important things a president does is Supreme Court justices, and you can't let that happen. He doesn't even wanna talk about it, doesn't wanna -- First of all, he doesn't know what's going on, period, but he doesn't wanna talk about who he's gonna put on.

Donald Trump: He's gotta show, who are you gonna put on? Who are the people? Give us a pool. I had 45 names. I'll only take from that pool. Give us a pool of people. He doesn't wanna talk about it, and you know, he wants to pack the court. You know all about that.

Eric Bolling: Let's talk about that.

Donald Trump: It'd be terrible thing for this country. Terrible.

Eric Bolling: So, packing the court would be if he won, they would add three seats to the Supreme Court to turn it from a conservative --

Donald Trump: Or maybe more than that, and maybe they'll take, uh, Washington, DC. They'll take the District of Columbia, it a a state. So you have two senators and numerous congressmen and women. The whole thing is -- People have to know about this. But he wants to pack the court. And he's going to pack the court, even if he says he's not going to.

Donald Trump: Look, he said he's not going to frack, right? There's no fracking. No fracking. Then he gets to Pennsylvania, he says we'll frack. And the c -- the press never even talks to him about it. He goes for a year that he's not going to frack. Then he goes to Pennsylvania and he says, "Eh, maybe we'll frack." It's terrible.

Donald Trump: And the press doesn't call him out.

Question: You have a -- you have a -- we have, uh, a Supreme Court Justice that's in his 80s, a -- a liberal, and there was also, uh, Clarence Thomas, who's indicated he may want to retire at some point. That could be, too --

Donald Trump: Well he's not in his 80s. I think he's 74.

Question: No, no, no. S -- Breyer. The other, the -- the -- the liberal -- the liberal in his 80s.

Donald Trump: Oh, right. Yeah, you said Breyer. I thought you said --

Question: An -- but no, both of them. So there could be two vacancies coming up in the next four years. You got ideas?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to talk about people before the fact. I mean, actually Clarence is like, in his -- 73, 74. And a great gentleman, great gentlemen. Both great gentlemen. No, I don't wanna be talking about people if they -- You know, they should stay as long as they want.

Question: All right. Let's get to Dorian -- Dorian Francis, do you have a question?

Question: Hello Mr. President, um, I'm a student at Bowie State University, in Bowie, Maryland, uh, in HBCU.

Donald Trump: Good.

Question: What in the next four years do you plan on doing for HBCUs to keep us up and running, and keep us running smoothly, and -- and wh -- keep benefiting us?

Donald Trump: Well, I've done a lot, because I've funded you with long-term financing which Obama didn't do, and nobody else did. And, uh, the heads of the colleges, as you know, would come up here on a yearly basis looking for money. After the third year I said, "Why do you guys keep coming up?" I liked him, a number of them are friends of mine.

Donald Trump: I said, "Why do you keep coming up?" I said, "Don't you have like, five year, ten year -- You know, some kind of funding?" They said, "No, every year we have to come up." And one of them, a great guy, he said, "I come up and I feel like a beggar." And what did I do? I took care of them, right? Every year.

Donald Trump: More money than they ask for. I got them more -- I said, "You need more than that." I got them more money than the -- they asked for. Do I get credit for it? Absolutely not. But I feel very good about it.

Question: Mr. President, one of the things, um, when you were first elected, it was out there as one of those reach across the aisle ideas that gained a lot of steam for a while then went away: infrastructure. It's a -- it's a great opportunity to create a ton of jobs, and we all need --

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: -- our roads, bridges need fixing. Where's the infrastructural plan, is it coming back?

Donald Trump: Well it's happening, and it's going to happen, and we've done a lot of infrastructure. You know, the wall is being built, and we're doing ten miles -- ten miles a week. We'll be up to ultimately 520 something miles, 529 miles. It'll be completed very soon. It's had a huge impact on the -- on the southern border.

Donald Trump: The numbers are unbelievable, the numbers of drugs and all of the things that were pouring through into our country. But we've now built, uh -- We're getting close to a number that you won't even believe, and we're doing it at ten miles a week. It's a lot. And it'll be very quickly finished, and Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way, just in case you had any question.

Donald Trump: Mexico is paying for the wall.

Question: How?

Donald Trump: But, um, that's considered infrastructure. Do you know it's one of the largest infrastructure jobs we've ever had in the history of our country? But it'll be finished very soon.

Question: A -- are we talking some sort of tariff with Mexico? Are we talking --

Donald Trump: We're talking about fees going into Mexico, yes, we are.

Question: Fees to -- to -- to enter and leave, and transportation?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Roads. Roads, yes. Correct.

Question: Interesting. Interesting.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Now how do you get -- how do you get China to pay for the [Laughs] uh, the COVID relief that we're spending?

Donald Trump: Well we'll see about that. We'll -- we'll work on that one next, maybe.

Question: Okay. Uh, we got, uh, two minutes until the break, Mr. President. A lot of people are probably wondering, let's -- What -- what -- what -- you got two weeks until the election. Make your closing argument.

Donald Trump: So we have done the greatest job, we've created the greatest economy in history. There's never been anything like it. And then we got hit with the plague. We had the best African-American numbers. If you look at our unemployment numbers, African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American -- The best numbers ever.

Donald Trump: No matter where you look. With high school education, without. You could graduate first in your class at MIT, it didn't matter. The best numbers. Our country was doing the best it ever did. You understand this. Stock market at an all-time high. Everybody was happy. The country was coming together. We got hit.

Donald Trump: I closed it, saved millions of lives. Now I'm rebuilding it again. We're way ahead of schedule. Next year's gonna be a -- a great year. We are way ahead of schedule. Next year's gonna be a great economic year for this country. The other side wants to raise your taxes. They want to raise out regulations.

Donald Trump: They'll drive everybody out. We'll end up in a depression. We're gonna do a great job, and we're gonna finish it up. We were doing such a job. Everything was flawless. It was perfect. In addition to that, I've rebuilt our military. In addition to that, we've done many, many other things. So many other things, including Space Force.

Donald Trump: We came up -- we needed Space Force. I never even campaigned on that. I realized after I became President, we have -- I looked at Russia, I looked at China. We had to have it. All approved. 75 years it's been since a new branch of the military came in. So we've done a lot, and we're going to, uh, finish it just like we did.

Donald Trump: We're gonna finish it strong. But it's only this great foundation that I built would allow us to be sitting here today with almost a stock market that's an all-time high. That means 401(k)s, it means your stocks. As you say, everybody benefits, and I think we're doing quite well.

Eric Bolling: We will be right back.

Note: [Commercial Break]

Eric Bolling: Mr. President [Inaudible] United States. Appreciate your time, Mr. President. I want to say thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Eric Bolling: Thank you to the White House staff, thank you to the audience, and again, I will say this one more time, we've offered this to the President, the Vice President, Vice President Joe Biden. We haven't heard back. That offer stands.

Donald Trump: He's sleeping.

Eric Bolling: [Laughs] He's sleeping. Mr. President, thank you so much. Thank you, everybody.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Hope you enjoyed the show.

Eric Bolling: Thank you, everybody.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.