Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-nbc-town-hall-miami-savannah-guthrie-october-15-2020

Savannah Guthrie: Hi, everybody. Good evening. It's good to have you with us. Welcome to Miami and our town hall with President Donald Trump. And we want to say right off the top, this is not how things were supposed to go tonight. This was supposed to be a town hall debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. But after the President contracted Colvin the Debate Commission announced it would have to be a virtual debate because of health concerns.

Savannah Guthrie: The President then said he would not participate in a virtual debate. At that point, Joe Biden scheduled a town hall tonight in Pennsylvania on another network. And now, the President is doing the same, his own town hall, with the same venue, format, and time as NBC's town hall with Joe Biden last week.

Savannah Guthrie: So the two candidates go head to head tonight, though not face to face, each in a key battleground state. And tonight, the President will be taking questions from voters here in Miami. Well, we should mention, are socially distanced and they're wearing masks. And I should say, this audience looks a bit like America.

Savannah Guthrie: It's divided. Some here voted for the President in 2016 and plan to again, some support Joe Biden, and some say they are truly undecided. We're going to get a mix of questions on a range of topics. I'm going to get to those questions in a moment. But first, with all that adieu, welcome Mr. President, and thank you for being here.

Donald Trump: Well, that was very well stated, I have to say good job.

Savannah Guthrie: Thank you. We're glad you're here. We're glad you're well. We send our best to the first lady and to Barron.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Savannah Guthrie: Do you have any remaining symptoms from COVID?

Donald Trump: Nothing whatsoever. I feel great. I feel good. I was in North Carolina today and did a big rally with tremendous turnout, and I just feel really good. Florida, Pennsylvania, we're all over the place. It's been great.

Savannah Guthrie: You received some treatments that are generally reserved for those with the most severe form of the disease.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: How severe were your symptoms? In particular, did you have pneumonia?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you what happened. I didn't feel good. I didn't feel strong. I had a little bit of a temperature. The doctors at the White House are fantastic as you can imagine and they really didn't want to take a chance, and they said let's go to the hospital. I said that's OK. I'm going to re -- you know, respond to what you say and we went over to Walter Reed, where you have tremendous professionals.

Donald Trump: They gave me Regeneron and Remdesivir, both and I just -- all I know is I felt good. The following day I felt really good.

Savannah Guthrie: Did the doctors ever tell you that they saw pneumonia on your lung scans?

Donald Trump: No, but they said the lungs are, you know, a little bit different, a little bit, perhaps, infected and, uh --

Savannah Guthrie: Infected with?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I mean I didn't do too much asking. I -- I really felt good. I didn't have much of a problem with the lungs. I did have a little bit of a temperature. Obviously, I felt there was something missing and then I tested, you know, I tested positive and --

Savannah Guthrie: Well, let's talk about testing because there's a little bit of I guess confusion about this and I think we can clear it up.

Donald Trump: Yeah and there shouldn't be.

Savannah Guthrie: Your -- your first positive test was Thursday, October 1st, OK.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: When was your last negative test? When did you last remember having a negative test?

Donald Trump: Well, I test quite a bit and I can tell you that before the debate, which I thought it was a very good debate and I felt fantastically. I was -- I had no problem before.

Savannah Guthrie: Did you test the day of the debate?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I don't even remember. I test all the time, but I can tell you this, after the debate, like I guess, a day or so. I think it was Thursday evening, maybe even late Thursday evening, uh, I tested positive. That's when I first found out about it.

Savannah Guthrie: Now back to the debate because the Debate Commission's rules, it was the honor system --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: That you would come with a negative test. Are you saying you don't know if you've got a test on the day of the debate?

Donald Trump: I had no problem. Again, the doctors do it. I don't ask them. I test all the time and they --

Savannah Guthrie: Did you take a test though on the day of the debate?

Donald Trump: You know if you ask the doctor, they'll give you a perfect answer.

Savannah Guthrie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They take a test and I leave and I go about my business.

Savannah Guthrie: So you -- did you take a test on the day of the debate I guess is the bottom line.

Donald Trump: I probably did and I took a test the day before and the day before and I was always in great shape, and I was in great shape throughout the debate. And it was only after the debate, like a period of time after the debate, that I said that's interesting and they took a test and it tested positive.

Savannah Guthrie: And so just to button it up, do you take a test every single day?

Donald Trump: No, no, but I take a lot of tests.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. And you don't know if you took a test on the day of the debate?

Donald Trump: Uh, possibly I did, possibly I didn't. But you know, the doctor has very accurate information and it's not only that doctor, it's many doctors. The one thing as you -- if you're President, you have a lot of doctors, you're surrounded by. But I was in great shape for the debate and sometime after the debate I tested positive --

Savannah Guthrie: Let's talk about --

Donald Trump: And that's when they decided, I said let's go.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. Good. I -- I -- hopefully, provided some clarity for folks. Let's talk about the event that was held at the White House on the Saturday before you tested positive.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: Subsequent to that, 13 people connected to that event tested positive. There was an outdoor reception. You've seen the pictures, there was an indoor reception.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: People were not wearing masks. My question to you is, at this point in the pandemic, knowing what we know, shouldn't you have known better? Shouldn't the White House know better than to hold an event like that?

Donald Trump: Well, they do a lot of testing in the White House. They test everybody including me, but they test everybody and something happened. But as far as the masks are concerned, I'm good with masks. I'm OK with masks. I tell people, wear masks. But just the other day, they came out with the statement that 85% of the people that wear masks catch it.

Savannah Guthrie: Well, they didn't say that. I know that study.

Donald Trump: Well, that's what I heard and that's what I saw. And regardless -- but everybody's tested and they're tested often. And I also knew that, hey, I'm President, I have to see people. I can't be in a basement. I can't be in a room. I can't be -- I have to be out.

Savannah Guthrie: You can see people with the masks though, right?

Donald Trump: I can but people with masks are catching it all the time. I mean if you look at the Governor of Virginia, he was known for a mask. If you look at Thom Tillis, a great guy. He always had a mask and they caught it.

Savannah Guthrie: Well, there are pictures of Thom Tillis actually with one of Judge Barrett's kids not wearing a mask. But you know, Chris Christie, he was part of your debate prep.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: He was I believe at that event. He came out tonight. He was sick, very sick. He was in the hospital for about a week.

Donald Trump: I know this.

Savannah Guthrie: He came out tonight and said I was wrong not to wear a mask.

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, he has to say that. I think it's great. He's a friend of mine. He's a good guy and wrong or not wrong. You have to understand, as President, I can't be locked in a room someplace for the next year and just stay and do nothing. And every time I go into a crowd, I was with the parents of our fallen heroes.

Donald Trump: These people are the most incredible people. And they came up to me and they would hug me and they would touch me, and I'm not going to not let them do it. To be honest with you.

Savannah Guthrie: Now there was an event with the Gold Star families the day after the Supreme Court event.

Donald Trump: A Gold Star event with the most incredible people you've ever seen and I could have chosen not to talk to them or to keep everybody away. And you know what? As -- and I don't think that's probably where it was caught, but maybe it was.

Savannah Guthrie: Well, I was going to say you bring it up, but you brought it up yourself. I mean, are you trying to suggest that? Do you believe, um, grieving military family gave you COVID?

Donald Trump: No, I don't know where it came from.

Savannah Guthrie: OK.

Donald Trump: You don't know where it came from and the doctors don't know where it came from, but as the President, I have to be out there. I also know --

Savannah Guthrie: So there's no one there that says you can't be out there, but it's just about wearing masks and having -- for example your rally. Your rallies don't require masks.

Donald Trump: I mean, let's see Kamala. She's got people now, the people have it, and I'm not blaming her. I'm not saying, oh, she did a terrible thing. As President, I have to be out there. I can't be in a basement. I can't be locked in a very beautiful room someplace in the White House. And I want to see the Gold Star families and I want to see everybody.

Donald Trump: And I also say to people all the time, it's risky doing it. It is risky doing it. It's risky seeing people.

Savannah Guthrie: But as President, you know, you're right. You don't want to be -- you want to be a leader, but you also are a leader and a setter of an example. And if you're not wearing a mask when your administration is saying best practice right now is wear a mask. We know it's not foolproof.

Donald Trump: But many people are catching it.

Savannah Guthrie: But that will, unfortunately --

Donald Trump: Many people are getting this disease that was sent to us by China and it shouldn't have been allowed to happen. But many people are getting this and I mean, nobody's being blamed. Everybody is working hard to get this thing out of our country. Get it out of the world. Look at what's going on in Europe, massive spikes.

Donald Trump: They've done a very good job. But now you take a look today at the U.K., you take a look at Spain and France, and Italy, there's tremendous spikes.

Savannah Guthrie: But our death rate is worse than -- well, not Spain but those have --

Donald Trump: Well, I have things right here that will tell you exactly the opposite.

Savannah Guthrie: Me, too.

Donald Trump: So the U.K. is up 2,500%, because I knew you'd be doing this. I know you very well. The U.K. is up 2,500%, the EU is up 722%, and the United States is down 21%.

Savannah Guthrie: So we have per -- our deaths per capita is among the highest -- among in desparate -- I'm sorry?

Donald Trump: Excess mortality -- excess mortality, we're a winner on the excess mortality and what we've done has been amazing and we have done an amazing job. And it's rounding the corner and we have the vaccines coming and we have the therapies coming. And I'll tell you what, one thing when I got it, I had a choice, do nothing or use some of the things that we're looking at.

Donald Trump: In this case, Regeneron and Eli Lilly makes something that's supposed to be incredible. And I think that maybe I wouldn't be doing this discussion with you right now. We have therapies now and cures, maybe you can use the word cure, but we have therapies that are absolutely incredible Savannah.

Savannah Guthrie: Now I want to pick up on something that you said and you said we're rounding the corner.

Donald Trump: I believe we're rounding the corner.

Savannah Guthrie: Now 10% of the country approximately has had COVID. That means 80%, 90%, 90%, let's do the math, is still vulnerable.

Donald Trump: Right, right. That's right.

Savannah Guthrie: There has been some talk, including from the White House lately, that perhaps it approves of what's called herd immunity. That's where you basically just let young people and everybody get sick, you try to protect the old people and those who are sick, and hopefully, it gets up to a certain level and now we're all immune.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: So let's just be clear about it. It also means more deaths. Do you support herd immunity as a strategy? Essentially just let people get sick.

Donald Trump: So the cure can not be worse than the problem itself. We did the right thing. We were expected to lose 2.2 million people or maybe more than that. We're at 210,000 people. One person is too much, it should have never happened because of China. It happened because of China and you have to get that and understand that, but it shouldn't have happened.

Donald Trump: But we were expected to lose -- if you look at the original charts from original doctors who are respected by everybody, 2.2 million people.

Savannah Guthrie: That 2 million figure though is if you literally did nothing.

Donald Trump: We saved 2 million people.

Savannah Guthrie: The 2 million figure is if you did absolutely nothing, it would be 2 million.

Donald Trump: No, if we -- if we did --

Savannah Guthrie: The question is, should the deaths -- should the deaths be better than 200,000 when [Inaudible] the rest of the world we have the worst death rate.

Donald Trump: I left North Carolina which I loved. I left Pennsylvania. We won a big case in Michigan because that Governor has a lockdown, where nobody but her husband can do anything. He can go boating and do whatever he wants but nobody else can. The fact is, we're winning all these cases because it's unconstitutional what they're doing.

Donald Trump: And I think they're doing it for political reasons. But act is, the cure -- you can't -- you can't let this continue to go on with the lockdowns.

Savannah Guthrie: Well, most of the states --

Donald Trump: I believe that on November 4th, you have a lot of these Governors. Look at what's happening to New York. New York is a mess. They lost almost 40,000 people. They have a lockdown like you've never seen. Now they're open. It's like a ghost town. People --

Savannah Guthrie: Let's get [Inaudible] team.

Donald Trump: People -- and Savannah it's very important. People are leaving New York by the thousands. And you're going to have a hard time ever building it up again.

Savannah Guthrie: Let's get -- let's get --

Donald Trump: So -- so the cure, that so-called cure that you talked about, it can't be worse than the problem. The problem is a bad problem.

Savannah Guthrie: We've got more questions on COVID so let's drop it for now.

Donald Trump: It's OK. That's fine.

Savannah Guthrie: We were supposed to mention, we will be watching you on a debate stage right now. We're not doing that so let's clear up a few things from the last one. You were asked point-blank to denounce white supremacy. In that moment, you didn't. You asked me follow-up questions who specifically, a couple of days later on a different show.

Savannah Guthrie: You denounced white supremacy.

Donald Trump: Oh, you always do this. No, you always do this. You've done this to me and everybody --

Savannah Guthrie: My question to you is, why does it seem like --

Donald Trump: I denounced white supremacy, OK.

Savannah Guthrie: You did, two days later.

Donald Trump: I denounced white supremacy for years, but you always do it. You always start off with the question.

Savannah Guthrie: Well --

Donald Trump: You didn't ask Joe Biden whether or not he denounces Antifa. I watched him on the same basic show with Lester Holt and he was asking questions like Biden was a child.

Savannah Guthrie: Well, so this has been a little bit of a dodge.

Donald Trump: Are you even -- are you listening? I denounced white supremacy.

Savannah Guthrie: OK.

Donald Trump: What's your next question?

Savannah Guthrie: Do you feel -- it feels sometimes you're hesitant to do so like you wait a beat.

Donald Trump: Hesitant, here we go again. Every time, in fact, my people came. I'm sure they'll ask you the white supremacy question. I denounced white supremacy.

Savannah Guthrie: OK.

Donald Trump: And frankly, do you want to know something? I denounced Antifa and I denounced these people on the left that are burning down our cities, that are run by Democrats who don't know what they're doing.

Savannah Guthrie: All right. While we're denouncing, let me ask you about QAnon. It is this theory that, uh, Democrats are a satanic pedophile ring and that you are the savior of that. Now, can you just once and for all state that that is completely not true? And that disavow --

Donald Trump: So I --

Savannah Guthrie: Disavow QAnon in its entirety.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I know nothing about a QAnon.

Savannah Guthrie: I just told you.

Donald Trump: I know you told me, but what do you tell me doesn't necessarily make it fact. I hate to say that. I know nothing about it. I do know that they are very much against pedophilia. They fight it very hard, but I know nothing about it.

Savannah Guthrie: They believe it is a satanic cult run by the demon states.

Donald Trump: If you'd like me to study the subject. I'll tell you what I do know about, I know about Antifa and I know about the radical left and I know how violent they are and how vicious they are, and I know how they are burning down cities run by Democrats, not run by Republicans.

Savannah Guthrie: Republican Senator Ben Sasse said quote, QAnon is nuts and real leaders call conspiracy theories, conspiracy theories, why not just say it's crazy and not true.

Donald Trump: He may be right. Can I be honest? He may be right. I just don't know about QAnon.

Savannah Guthrie: You do know.

Donald Trump: I don't know. No, I don't know. I don't know. You tell me all about it.

Savannah Guthrie: Let me ask you another thing.

Donald Trump: Let's waste the whole show. Uh, you start off with white supremacy, I denounced it. You start off with something else, let's go. Keep asking me these questions. But -- but let me just -- let me just --

Savannah Guthrie: OK. I do have one more of this thing.

Donald Trump: Let me just study -- but what I do hear about it is they are very strongly against pedophilia and I agree with that. I mean, I do agree with that.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. But there's not a satanic pedophile cult run by --

Donald Trump: I have no idea. I know nothing about it.

Savannah Guthrie: You don't know that?

Donald Trump: No, I don't know that.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. You just this week --

Donald Trump: And neither do you know that.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. Just this week --

Donald Trump: Why aren't you asking about Antifa? Why aren't you asking me about the radical left?

Savannah Guthrie: Because you just -- because you're volunteering it.

Donald Trump: Why aren't you asking Joe Biden questions about why doesn't he condemned Antifa? Why does he say it doesn't exist.

Savannah Guthrie: Because you're an interview for me.

Donald Trump: Haha, so cute. Antifa exists. They're vicious, they're violent, they kill people, and they're burning down our cities, and they happen to be radical left.

Savannah Guthrie: Just this week, you retweeted your 87 million followers a conspiracy theory that Joe Biden orchestrated to have SEAL Team Six, the Navy SEAL Team Six to kill -- cover up the fake death of bin Laden. Now, why would you send a lie that to your followers? You retweeted it.

Donald Trump: I know nothing about it. It was retweet. That was a -- an opinion of somebody and that was a retweet. I put it out there. People can decide for themselves to take a position.

Savannah Guthrie: I don't get that. You're the President. You're not like someone's crazy uncle who can just retweet whatever.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, that was a retweet and I do a lot of retweets, and frankly, because the media is so fake and so corrupt, if I didn't have social media -- I don't call it Twitter, I call it social media. I wouldn't be able to get the word out and the word is --

Savannah Guthrie: Well, the word is false.

Donald Trump: And do you know what the word is? The word is very simple. We're building our country stronger and better than it's ever been before and that's what's happening and everybody knows it.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. We've got random questions for you.

Donald Trump: Do you know what else the word is? We're winning in a lot of states, we're winning in a lot of states, you're going to see that.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. But let me ask, OK. I'm glad you brought up the election because I do want to ask about that. That's another kind of leftover item. A lot of people have asked you, will you accept a peaceful transfer of power? You have said repeatedly, the only way we lose this election is if it is rigged. Now that is simply not true.

Savannah Guthrie: The fact is, either candidate can lose fair and square without [Inaudible] fraud.

Donald Trump: Sure we can. And you know --

Savannah Guthrie: So, will you accept the results of the election?

Donald Trump: And you know what, win or lose, that's the way I want it to be. But when I see thousands of ballots, right? Unsolicited ballots being given out by the millions and thousands of them dumped in dumpsters. And when you see ballots with the name Trump, military ballots from my great military and then get dumped in garbage cans --

Savannah Guthrie: That is a handful -- we could go all night, which we won't.

Donald Trump: No, no, it's happening every day.

Savannah Guthrie: But we could go all night one by one, a single case, a single day. You're talking about 150 million votes. Your own FBI Director says there is no evidence of widespread fraud.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Well, then he's not doing a very good job. All you have to do is pick up the papers every day, 50,000 in Ohio, the great state of Ohio; 50,000 in another location that's in North Carolina; 500,000 applications in Virginia. No, no, there's a tremendous problem. But let me just tell you, they talked about the peaceful transfer, right?

Donald Trump: They spied on my campaign and they got caught and they spied heavily on my campaign. And they tried to take down a duly elected city president and then they talked about, would you accept a peaceful transfer? And the answer is, yes, I will, but I want it to be an honest election and so does everybody else.

Donald Trump: When I see thousands of ballots dumped in a garbage can and they happen to have my name on it, I'm not happy about that.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. But just -- that was our case -- there is no -- there is, in fact, no evidence of widespread fraud and you were sowing doubt about our democracy, our democracy.

Donald Trump: Can I ask you, how -- how can you say that? How can you say that? You do read newspapers.

Savannah Guthrie: I do, yes.

Donald Trump: You do watch the news.

Savannah Guthrie: Yes, I do.

Donald Trump: I know you read the news but do you watch it?

Savannah Guthrie: I do, I do.

Donald Trump: Because every day they're talking about ballots that are corrupt, that are fraudulent --

Savannah Guthrie: And millions that are being processed right now.

Donald Trump: Sure, sure, but you can win the race. Take a look at me. You can win a race by 1%.

Savannah Guthrie: So, why are you laying the groundwork for that right now? It's like if I go play tennis with my husband and I say my ankles hurt right there.

Donald Trump: You know, I don't want that to happen. Savannah, I want it to be clean.

Savannah Guthrie: OK.

Donald Trump: I really feel we're going to win, but I want this to be clean.

Savannah Guthrie: Let's get --

Donald Trump: But it's sort of ironic that you and them talk about the peaceful transfer when I spent three and a half years fighting off these maniacs. And now it turns out everything's there, that they were the ones that dealt with Russia and it's too bad.

Savannah Guthrie: OK.

Donald Trump: And a peaceful transfer, I absolutely want that. But ideally, I don't want to transfer because I want to win.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. And I think that that your words will probably reassure some folks. Let's get to our first voter. We've got Jacqueline Lugo. Now she is -- I told you this audience is truly split. You know you are leaning Biden, she voted for Clinton in 2016, she's registered as an independent. Jacqueline, what's your question for the President?

Savannah Guthrie: And you hold the mic up close and take up your mic because it's hard to hear out here.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Jacqueline Lugo: Good evening.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Jacqueline Lugo: Welcome to Miami.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's beautiful.

Jacqueline Lugo: Mr. President, if you knew COVID-19 as you told Bob Woodward in February.

Donald Trump: As -- as what?

Jacqueline Lugo: As you told Bob Woodward in February was airborne and deadlier than the flu, why did you only put in place a travel ban from China and not put in place other measures mitigating the spread of COVID-19, potentially saving tens of thousands of American lives.

Donald Trump: Well, I did put it in very early. As you know, Joe Biden was two months behind me and he called me xenophobic and racist and everything else because I put it in, and it turned out that I was 100% right. I also put it on Europe very early because I said there was a lot of infection in Europe. And it's sort of an amazing question and I appreciate the question and respect the question.

Donald Trump: But the news doesn't get out the right answer because I put on a travel ban far earlier than Dr. Fauci thought it was necessary, who I like. Far earlier that the scientist -- I was actually the only one that wanted to put it on and I did it, actually against the advice of a lot of people, including Nancy Pelosi who had no clue what she was doing and Biden.

Donald Trump: When I put on the travel ban -- and you know, I put it on in January, at the end of January. When I put on the travel ban, Joe Biden and others said this is ridiculous. You don't do that. Well, Dr. Fauci said I saved thousands and thousands of lives. I was early, I was extremely early when I put on the travel ban.

Savannah Guthrie: Can I ask you, did your National Security Advisor on January 20 in the Oval Office warn you that this would be the greatest national security risk of administration?

Donald Trump: I read that, but, no, he didn't.

Savannah Guthrie: He didn't say --

Donald Trump: No, he didn't. I read it someplace, maybe Woodward said it or something, but, no, he did not say that but I knew it was a big threat. At the same time, I don't want to panic this country. I don't want to go out and say everybody is going to die, everybody is going to die.

Savannah Guthrie: Isn't there a middle ground? You don't have to mislead.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, there's not a middle ground. You have to be safe, you have to be vigilant, and you have to be smart.

Savannah Guthrie: You're going to like this next couple of voters. It's a mom and a daughter.

Donald Trump: Good.

Savannah Guthrie: Mom Barbara voted for you in 2016. She's leaning to vote for you again. Now her daughter was too young to vote last time. She's going to vote for her first time in a Presidential campaign and she is leaning Biden. So imagine the dinner table at their house, OK.

Donald Trump: We'll [Inaudible] you out.

Savannah Guthrie: So, Barbara, why don't you go first and ask your question.

Barbara: Bienvenidos, Miami.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Barbara: Mr. Trump, as a frontline E.R. doctor working through the coronavirus pandemic --

Donald Trump: Right.

Barbara: I know firsthand and I've seen that many hospitals throughout the United States are suffering financial hardships. These economic effects are trickling down to the frontline workers.

Donald Trump: Right.

Barbara: We are being -- across the country frontline workers are being fired, are being furloughed, our salaries are being cut. And this is also happening in other economic sectors as well, including the travel industry and hospitality.

Donald Trump: Right.

Barbara: My question to you is, how are you going to get the United States back on track both in terms of the economy and the pandemic?

Donald Trump: So it's happening. We just set a record, 11.4 million jobs. We are going to have a phenomenal third quarter, which will be announced on November 1st. Just prior to the November 3rd day where I think you will see a red wave, but we're going to have a tremendous announcement I believe. I mean we're going to find out, but GDP is going through the roof.

Donald Trump: Jobs, uh, real estate, houses, so many things are happening. So people are saying we're going to have a 42% unemployment. Look, this was a thing that came into our country and it happened 100, more than 100 years ago and it happened now. They were talking about a 42% unemployment rate.

Savannah Guthrie: Who was talking about that?

Donald Trump: It came out --

Savannah Guthrie: I heard 20%.

Donald Trump: It just came out at 7.8% unemployment and people can't even believe it. Our economy is going to be -- next year, if we don't have somebody that raises taxes and quadruple's taxes, which they want to do and kills everything. Our economy is going to be phenomenal next year. We're going to have a phenomenal -- and I'll tell you, Savannah, when we had the greatest economy in the history of our country last year, including the state of Florida where we are now, in Pennsylvania and North Carolina, every place.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy we ever had. We had to close it down. We saved 2 million lives. We're opening it up. We have a V-shape and it's coming back, it's coming back very fast. One other thing, we really helped the hospitals. We've sent billions and billions of dollars to the hospitals. In addition, hundreds of millions of masks and gowns and we went into the ventilator business because this country was not equipped with ventilators.

Donald Trump: And I'm not blaming anybody for it, but we're now making thousands of ventilators a month and we have all we can use. We're sending them all over the world because the world needs them. So they've worked very hard and really very, very effectively. Thank you. Great question.

Savannah Guthrie: Let's talk to Isabella. Get the mic close to your mouth. OK. Go ahead.

Isabella: Mr. President, my parents are, as you heard, both frontline health care workers. And I've seen the physical and mental toll that this pandemic has taken on them firsthand, as well as, the exacerbation of coronavirus due to Americans who are not wearing masks or participating in social distancing. After contracting COVID-19 yourself, has your opinion changed on the importance of mask-wearing?

Donald Trump: No, because I was OK with the masks. I was good with it, but I've heard many different stories on masks. I mean, I had -- you know, being President, you have people. They bring meals, they bring this, and I had an instance recently, were a very wonderful person is bringing me a meal and he's playing with his mask and he's touching his mask all over the place and then he's bringing a plate in.

Donald Trump: And I'm saying, well, I don't know if that's so good. I mean the good news, I didn't eat it, OK? I did not eat it. This was a month ago, but I -- look, look, you have on the masks -- you know you have two stories. You have a story where they want and a story where they don't want. I am all for it.

Savannah Guthrie: I don't get that because all of your public health officials, your administration, they're in unison about this. They're all in unison about it. The University of Washington which is a study where you -- they have a model that the Coronavirus Task Force relies on says that if everyone wore a mask, you could cut expected deaths in half.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And you have other people that disagree.

Savannah Guthrie: 60,000 lives. Well, what does that mean?

Donald Trump: Scott Adkins, if you look at Scott, Dr. Scott. He's from -- great guy, Stanford. He will tell you that --

Savannah Guthrie: He's not an infectious disease expert.

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't know. Look he's an expert. He's one of the great experts of the world.

Savannah Guthrie: But I don't get it because you have so much power and influence as President.

Donald Trump: I'm all for it.

Savannah Guthrie: You could go to your -- you could require it at your rally and you could say everyone put on a mask right now and the University of Washington says that you could save lives.

Donald Trump: Savannah, the University of Washington, and then you have other places that say different things. You have a lot, hey, Dr. Fauci say don't wear a mask, right?

Savannah Guthrie: At first, but then everybody agreed.

Donald Trump: I don't know that he changed his mind. But then you have a report coming out two days ago that 85% of the people wearing masks catch it.

Savannah Guthrie: I looked at that report, it's not about mask-wearing. It was neutral on the question of masks.

Donald Trump: We're on the same side. I say we're the mask. I'm fine with it.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. OK.

Donald Trump: I have no problem. We're on the same side.

Savannah Guthrie: Let's take a break. We're going to get more questions right after this. We're live in Miami with President Trump for a town hall. Live in Miami with President Trump for a town hall. Thank you again, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Savannah Guthrie: We have another voter now, Christie Alonzo. Come on out, Christie. She is leaning slightly towards you she says. She voted for you in 2016. Christie, are you ready? Take the mask off. Hold the mic close and let's hear your question.

Christie Alonzo: Thank you for your service, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Christie Alonzo: We're a hardworking middle-class family of four. My husband and I are both self-employed and we have to get our own individual healthcare. As you know, the healthcare costs have gone up considerably over the decades and you had originally said you were going to repeal replace Obamacare. What is your plan now in 2020 to make healthcare costs affordable for Americans like myself?

Donald Trump: Good. So we got rid of the individual mandate on Obamacare which was the worst part of Obamacare. And now, you could actually say it's not Obamacare because that's how big it was, where you had to pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health insurance. So we got rid of that. That was a big, big thing.

Donald Trump: And by doing that -- and we will always have -- by the way, we're always protecting people with pre-existing conditions and I can't say that more strongly. But we've been able to bring healthcare costs way down. Now, I took over Obamacare, got rid of the individual mandate and made it good, managed it much better.

Donald Trump: Remember they had the $5 billion website disaster and all of the problems they had. The problem with Obamacare, it's not good. We'd like to be terminate it and we want a much less expensive healthcare that's a much better healthcare and that's where we're aiming. And if we could do that and we have a very good chance of doing it, but we've also brought down the price of Obamacare.

Donald Trump: The problem with Obamacare, it basically is never going to be great and I want to give you great healthcare. So thank you very much.

Savannah Guthrie: Mr. President, I've got a follow up on the pre-existing conditions. This is such a big issue for voters.

Donald Trump: It is a big issue for me, too.

Savannah Guthrie: In point of fact, your administration is about to go to the Supreme Court to argue --

Donald Trump: That's true.

Savannah Guthrie: To throw out the rest of Obamacare which includes the protections for pre-existing conditions.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Savannah Guthrie: So your administration is in court right now trying to get rid of that protection.

Donald Trump: In order to replace this with a much better healthcare at a much lower price and always under all circumstances we are going to protect -- the Republicans, I mean maybe I changed the party a lot over the last three years, but we will protect people with pre-existing conditions. And Savannah, what I want to do, get rid of the terrible Obamacare.

Donald Trump: I've already done it to a large extent because as you know, the individual mandate is gone. That was the worst part --

Savannah Guthrie: You repealed it but you haven't replaced.

Donald Trump: No, no, what we have done --

Savannah Guthrie: Now you've been in office almost four years, you had both houses of Congress, the Senate and House in Republican hands, and there is not a replacement yet.

Donald Trump: That's right. I'm sorry but if you look, we had both houses and what did we do? We got rid of the individual mandate.

Savannah Guthrie: But the promise was repeal and replace.

Donald Trump: Look, look, we should be on the same side. I want it very simple. I'm going to put it very simple. We would like to terminate it and we would like to replace it with something that's much less expensive and much better. We will always protect people with pre-existing conditions.

Savannah Guthrie: But if you're successful in court --

Donald Trump: And here's the thing, if we don't --

Savannah Guthrie: But if you're successful in court, in November, those pre-existing conditions, that promise will be gone.

Donald Trump: If we don't succeed -- we if we don't succeed, we are running the remnants of whatever is left because we took it apart. We are running the remnants of whatever is left much better than the previous administration, which ran it very badly. But we'd like to have new healthcare, much better, and much less expensive.

Savannah Guthrie: Let me get to question number five and you'll like this. He's stuck in traffic. His name is Joe White. He is registered as a Democrat. He says he's leaning toward Biden -- and Biden and voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016. And his question was a second stimulus payment has been broadly agreed upon by the Republicans and Democrats, and yet now we're in October and it's still not passed.

Savannah Guthrie: Why not use your office to make the second stimulus payment a separate targeted emergency relief package to help Americans weather the pandemic?

Donald Trump: You know we've actually passed three packages but -- and we're on our fourth and I agree with him 100%. He should vote for me. The problem you have is Nancy Pelosi. She couldn't care less about the worker, she couldn't care less about our people, and we should have a stimulus. And I want a stimulus, the Republicans will approve a stimulus.

Donald Trump: The problem is, she doesn't want to do it because she thinks it's bad for her election. The fact is, she's wrong because people know she's in our way. She's not approving it. She doesn't appreciate our people and she doesn't approve -- appreciated all our workers. Nancy Pelosi, we are ready to sign and pass stimulus, but she's got no approval.

Savannah Guthrie: People do not love the back and forth of Washington, but this has been a roller coaster. Back in early October you one day tweeted, no more negotiations until election -- until after Election Day. I'm walking away. Then I think the next couple of days you said maybe we can do something targeted. Then you said I want a big, big bill.

Savannah Guthrie: But then, Senate Republicans said, no, we're not for that. So you are the big dealmaker.

Donald Trump: It doesn't matter. That's right.

Savannah Guthrie: So, how come this is so -- you yourself have changed positions.

Donald Trump: Did you ever hear of a word called negotiation? We're negotiating, OK? I'm negotiating.

Savannah Guthrie: But people are -- people's lives are hanging in the balance.

Donald Trump: You know what? And do you know who I'm negotiating against? Nancy Pelosi because she doesn't want to give them money. We should have stimulus. This was not our people's fault, this was China's fault, and she's penalizing our people. I'm ready to sign a big beautiful stimulus. You saw the other day, I say go big or go home, right?

Savannah Guthrie: That's what I [Inaudible] to them.

Donald Trump: I want it to be big. I want it to be bold. I want the money go to directly to the people.

Savannah Guthrie: And so are Republicans with you? Are they going to go big bold numbers?

Donald Trump: They'll go. Yeah, they'll go. They're going to be very happy.

Savannah Guthrie: OK, because so far they have not and said they would.

Donald Trump: Because I haven't asked them to because I can't get through Nancy Pelosi.

Savannah Guthrie: OK.

Donald Trump: If Nancy Pelosi and I, through my representatives or directly, I don't care. If we agree to something, the Republicans will agree to it.

Savannah Guthrie: OK. Our next question comes from -- oh, this is interesting. She voted for Clinton in 2016 but recently changed her registration from Democrat to Independent. She says she's truly undecided. Her name's Becky Lightman. Hello, Becky. What's your question?

Donald Trump: How are you?

Becky Lightman: Hi, I'm great. How are you?

Donald Trump: Nice to see you.

Becky Lightman: Good to see you. So corporate tax rates are a hot button issue and you have cut corporate tax rates and your opponent Joe Biden is planning to raise them.

Donald Trump: Right.

Becky Lightman: A lot of Americans think that corporations don't pay their share of taxes and want to see those tax rates increase.

Donald Trump: Right.

Becky Lightman: What do you say to those Americans to maybe tell them why you want the corporate tax rate lower and why that helps them.

Donald Trump: That's a great question. We've created more jobs than this country has ever created. We're up to 160 million jobs. We were never even close to that number. We were just heading 160 million jobs. Companies are pouring into our nation because of the tax rate. And if Biden comes in and raises taxes on everybody, including middle-income taxes which he wants to do.

Donald Trump: You will blow this thing and you'll end up with a Depression the likes of which you've never had. That's what's going to happen. We have something that's really good. The reason we're coming back so strong is because we've built a very strong foundation. Companies are moving in, car companies and moving into Michigan, into Ohio, into South Carolina and North Carolina, just today.

Donald Trump: So what's happening is, they're coming in because we reduce the taxes. Our taxes -- our corporate taxes were the highest in the world and now, they're among the lower taxes. They're not the lowest, but they're among the lowest and what that means is jobs. But also we're doing a very big and we've done that very big middle-income tax package.

Donald Trump: So if we get in, we're going to do the middle-income tax package, but it's a great question. And if he comes along and raises rates, all those companies that are coming in, they will leave the U.S. so fast your head will spin. We can't let that happen. Thank you.

Savannah Guthrie: On the subject of taxes, as you know the New York Times has obtained, it says years of your tax returns among other things. It says that you haven't debts of approximately $421 million that you have personally guaranteed and that will come due in the next four years. The question is, on behalf of voters, who do you owe $421 million to?

Donald Trump: OK. First of all, let me answer. What they did is illegal, number one, also the numbers are all wrong with the numbers they released. And just so you understand, when you have a lot of real estate. I have real estate and you know a lot of it, OK? Right down the road, Doral, big stuff, great stuff. I'm very under -- when I decided to run, I'm very under levered, fortunately, but I'm very under leverage.

Donald Trump: I have a very, very small percentage of debt compared -- In fact, some of it I did as favors to institutions that wanted to loan me money, $400 million compared to the assets that I have, all of these great properties all over the world. And frankly, the Bank of America building in San Francisco. I don't love what's happening to San Francisco, 1290 Avenue, they're one of the biggest office buildings.

Savannah Guthrie: If I hear you right, it sounds like you're saying $400 million isn't that much, but are you -- are you confirming that you do owe some $400 million?

Donald Trump: What I'm saying is that it's a tiny percentage of my net worth.

Savannah Guthrie: That sounds like yes.

Donald Trump: And you'll see that soon because we're doing things. You know we've given -- I think it's 108 or 112 pages of financial detail to elections and you know, we have to file as the President, as any politician, you have to file. Nobody ever looks at that. When they do, they see how incredible the company is.

Savannah Guthrie: Mostly?

Donald Trump: But more importantly, they see where this debt is. No, I don't owe Russia money. I don't owe -- I owe a very, very small -- it's called mortgages.

Savannah Guthrie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: People have a house, they put a mortgage on them.

Savannah Guthrie: Any foreign bank, any foreign entity?

Donald Trump: Not that I know of, but I will probably because it's so easy to solve. And if you'd like to do, I will let you know who -- who I owe whatever small amount of money. I want to say two things, number one, it's a very small amount of money. Number two, it's very straight. It's very, very straight, but it's a tiny percentage of the word -- did you ever hear the expression under levered?

Savannah Guthrie: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I am extremely under levered.

Savannah Guthrie: But here's the thing, you could clear this up tonight by just releasing your tax returns yourself. I mean that's what -- I think people just want you to -- you're the only --

Donald Trump: I tell you what, as you know I'm under audit. It turned out that I am under audit. I actually -- excuse me.

Savannah Guthrie: Yes, but the IRS said --

Donald Trump: Excuse me, no, no, but you accused --

Savannah Guthrie: The IRS said that doesn't stop you from releasing.

Donald Trump: But you accused me of not being under audit previously and so did other people and --

Savannah Guthrie: No, I did not.

Donald Trump: People at NBC and I am under audit so that was --

Savannah Guthrie: You are.

Donald Trump: I am under audit. No person in their right mind would release prior to working out to deal with the IRS and I'll go a step further. I'm treated very badly by the IRS. They treat me very, very badly. You have people in there from previous administrations. They treat me very badly, but we're under audit. It's very routine in many ways, but we're under audit.

Donald Trump: They like to change the game, change the rules, do everything. You saw what they did with the Tea Party people. You saw what they did with the religious groups.

Savannah Guthrie: But to be clear, there is no law or rule that prohibits you from releasing your tax returns.

Donald Trump: No, except common sense and intelligence and having lawyers who say -- because I would love to release them and as soon as we come to a conclusion, I will release them and very gladly. But if you go to elections and if you take a look, you'll see 112, I think it's 112. It talks about the income which is rather massive.

Donald Trump: It talks about all of the properties. They have them listed. You can never learn more, but do you know what happened? People went there, all the reporters went there, it was like a feeding frenzy. This was originally when I filed it and I file it every year. I update it every year. My son is here, they run the company.

Donald Trump: I don't run the company. You know --

Savannah Guthrie: It also says that you paid $750 in taxes in the year you were elected.

Donald Trump: Because that's a statutory number, it's a statutory number. It's not that --

Savannah Guthrie: Yeah, but is that true?

Donald Trump: I think it's the filing number. You pay $750, it's a filing -- a filing fee.

Savannah Guthrie: Most people here probably pay more.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, I can tell you this if they have my tax returns as you know they have to go to jail. It's illegal but their numbers were wrong. But let me tell you what else. I don't owe money to any of these sinister people. This has been going on for years now, Russia, Russia, Russia. It turned out to be a hoax and it turned out to be that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats were dealing with Russia, not me.

Donald Trump: It's a whole hoax. So I would not mind at all saying who it is, but it's very small -- when you look at vast properties like I have and they're big and they're beautiful and they're well located. When you look at that, the amount of money, $400 million is a peanut. It's extremely under levered and it's levered with normal banks, not a big deal.

Savannah Guthrie: All right. Let's take a break and we'll get more voter questions right after this.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Savannah Guthrie: We are live in Miami in the middle of a town hall with President Trump. Thank you again for being here.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Savannah Guthrie: We've got another voter, Adam Schucker. He voted for Clinton in 2016. He's registered as a Democrat and says he's supporting Biden. Adam, take it away.

Adam Schucker: Thank you, Savannah. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Adam.

Adam Schuk: Four years ago, Senate leadership said it was inappropriate to push through a nominee in an election year. Yet they fast-tracked your nominee for the Supreme Court just today. The question I have for you is, how do you -- what do you say to the voter that thinks it's hypocritical to act in that manner and that they can't trust Republicans' word.

Donald Trump: So when I was elected and when a President is elected, they're elected for a period of four years and Justice Ginsburg said it best. I think talking about President Obama having to do with somebody else that the President is put there for four years, not for three years. So during this fourth year, it happened to come up, unfortunately, because I had great respect for Justice Ginsburg, but a vacancy happened to come up and we pick somebody that's outstanding.

Donald Trump: She has been an absolute star and I'm extremely proud of it. But again, plenty of time. I mean there's plenty of time. We've got to do it before the election, but we also have much time after the election. But there's no reason to wait because it's almost unanimous it seems to me, certainly within the Republican party, and frankly, most of the Democrats within closed rooms.

Donald Trump: I guarantee you that. This is an outstanding person and I'm using my fourth term. And you know, if you look at it, that if you put the shoe on the other foot if they had this, they would do it 100%. So there's been 29 times when this has happened, all 29 times a President has done exactly what I've done.

Donald Trump: So --

Savannah Guthrie: Can I just -- And to the voter's point, I'll just say that in 2016 you were on another show actually another morning show and you were asked whether President Obama should nominate a Supreme Court Justice Merrick Garland and you said I think the Senate should wait until the next President and let the President pick.

Savannah Guthrie: Now that was eight months before the election.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: This is three weeks before the election.

Donald Trump: So I have a lot of respect, by the way, for --

Savannah Guthrie: So you have changed your position on this.

Donald Trump: I have a lot of respect for Judge Garland, no one will tell you that. But I'll tell you, the whole ball game changed when I saw the way they treated Justice Kavanaugh. I have never seen any human being and I'm not just talking about the Supreme Court. I have never seen a human being treated so badly with false accusations and everything else.

Donald Trump: I have never seen anything like it. And you know what, the truth is, Savannah, like it or not, the ball game changed a lot. There has never been anybody treated so badly as now Justice Kavanaugh.

Savannah Guthrie: You mentioned that you would like to see Amy Coney Barrett confirmed to the Supreme Court in case any challenges come up in connection with the election.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: Do you expect her to rule for you?

Donald Trump: I think she'll have to make that decision. I don't think she has any conflict at all. You know a Supreme Court judge does not have -- let me -- they can make their own decision. The -- the -- and they actually have additional power to make that decision. It would be totally up to her. I would think that she would be able to rule either for me or against me.

Donald Trump: I don't see any conflict whatsoever. We have an election coming up. I think it's the most important election in the history of our country. If for any chance and it probably won't and I hope it doesn't ever get to the Supreme Court. But if it did, I would think that she would rule one way or the other, I would think so.

Savannah Guthrie: But for you, do you think she would rule for you?

Donald Trump: I have no idea.

Savannah Guthrie: I mean, of course, she'll rule one way or the other but --

Donald Trump: Believe it or not, I've never asked her about it. I never talked about it. I didn't talk about any of the obvious things that you could talk about, and I think a lot of people in my position might. But in speaking to a lot of very brilliant people and people that do this for a living, they say it's better not to talk.

Donald Trump: So I talked to her about life. I talked to her about the fact, would you like to do this? Are you willing to do this? Because it's a tremendous burden. The answer was yes. She's unbelievably well qualified, but I never spoke to you about these various questions.

Savannah Guthrie: Let's get our next voter. She's leaning to you, Mr. President. She voted for you in 2016. She is a registered Republican. Her name is Mariah Green. Mariah what's youir question?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mariah Green: Thank you. Good evening, Mr. President. I'm honored to be with here -- to be here tonight. So, sir, thank you. I'm a pro-life millennial. And my question for you today is, if Roe v. Wade is ultimately overturned in the future, what protections would be put in place or kept for where the mother's life is in jeopardy in relation to high-risk pregnancies?

Donald Trump: Well, again, I'm not ruling on this, and Roe v. Wade is something that a lot of people would say, obviously, you're going to speak to somebody. I also -- two other great justices, Justice Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh. I never spoke to them about Roe v. Wade. I never spoke to them about election laws. I never spoke to them about anything.

Donald Trump: And I've done the right thing from a moral standpoint, I don't even know from a legal standpoint, but it was the right thing. I think depending on what happens with Roe v. Wade, I think that perhaps it could get sent down to the states and the states would decide. I also think perhaps nothing will happen.

Donald Trump: I have not talked to her about it. I think it would be inappropriate to talk to her about it and some people would say you can talk to her about it. I just think it would be inappropriate.

Savannah Guthrie: But what is your preference? Because it's agreed that's not something you should talk to the judge about. But would you like to see Roe vs. Wade overturned?

Donald Trump: I would -- I would like to see a brilliant jurist, a brilliant person who has done this in great depth and has actually skirted this issue for a long time, make a decision and that's why I chose her. I think that she's going to make a great decision. I did not tell her what decision to make. And I think would be inappropriate to say right now because I don't want to do anything to influence her.

Donald Trump: I want her to get approved and then I want her to go by the law. And I know she's going to make a great decision for our country along with the other --

Savannah Guthrie: And you running as a pro-life Republican -- most pro-life Republicans would like to see Roe v. Wade overturned and abortion banned.

Donald Trump: Many of them would, perhaps most of them would.

Savannah Guthrie: What do you think?

Donald Trump: I am telling you I don't want to do anything to influence anything right now. I don't want to go out tomorrow and say, oh, he's trying to give her a signal because I didn't speak to her about it. I've done the right thing in so doing. How she's going to rule, you're going to find out perhaps or you might not find out.

Donald Trump: I mean it may never get there. It may never get there. We'll see what happens.

Savannah Guthrie: All right. We have another question. This is Cindy Velez. She is undecided. She says she's leaning to Biden and she didn't vote for Clinton in 2016. She's registered as a Democrat. Hi Cindy. What's your question.

Donald Trump: Hi, Cindy. Thank you.

Cindy Velez: Good evening, Ms. Savannah. Good evening, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Cindy Velez: As the mother of a young male of color, I have reason to respect authority, not only because it's the right thing to do, but also out of fear that he may face profiling or be considered a criminal. As an educator, I've also had similar conversations with my high school students. Mr. President, what will you and your administration do to better prepare our law enforcement officers to work in collaboration with the communities that they serve and also to protect the lives of innocent Black and Latinos from police brutality and injustice?

Donald Trump: Right. I fully understand the question and I saw everything that you saw over the summer and it was a terrible thing, a terrible thing to watch. We were very strongly -- we have a Senator named Tim Scott from South Carolina. He came up with a bill that should have been approved, that was great. It was a bill that was strong in terms of law enforcement and strong in terms of enforcing the proper thing and doing the proper thing by law enforcement.

Donald Trump: And the Democrats just wouldn't go for it. They wouldn't go forward at all. And I don't know why because it was a really great bill. But I do have to say this and some people don't like it when I say it, but a lot of people agree. I have done more for the African-American community than any President with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, criminal justice reform, prison reform, historically Black colleges and universities.

Donald Trump: I got them funded. They were a year-to-year basis. They could have been put out of business. As soon as our country had a little bad year, they would have said I'm sorry, we're not going to fund you. I've got them a 10-year funding and financing and more than they even asked for. I became very friendly with a lot of the heads but we've done more.

Donald Trump: And of course, Opportunity Zones. But criminal justice reform, everybody said it could -- it could not be done. President Obama and Biden never even tried to do it. They never even tried. But I say that and I say it often and I'll say it loud and I'm very proud of it. And I have a great relationship because of what I've done with the African-American community.

Donald Trump: I'm very proud of it. Thank you.

Savannah Guthrie: Let's go to our next question. We have Paulette Dale. She leans slightly to Biden. She voted for Clinton in 2016. She's registered as a Republican. Paulette, what's your question?

Paulette Dale: Thank you. Good evening, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Paulette Dale: I have to say you have a great smile.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Paulette Dale: So, you guys, you're so handsome when you smile. OK, as the daughter of immigrants to the United States who fled Eastern Europe due to religious persecution --

Donald Trump: Right.

Paulette Dale: The United States immigration policies are very personal for me.

Donald Trump: Right.

Paulette Dale: Surveys show that most Americans and the majority of Republicans support the Dreamers program. So my question for you, Mr. President is, if you are elected to a second term, do you expect to pursue your previous efforts to cut the DACA program?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Paulette Dale: Why or why not?

Donald Trump: And the DACA, DACA is somewhat different than dreamers you understand that and you understand better than anybody probably in this room. Where do you come from, by the way, originally?

Paulette Dale: My grandparents were from Russia and Poland.

Donald Trump: That's very good. OK. So we are going to take care of DACA. We're going to take care of Dreamer. We -- it's working right now. We're negotiating different aspects of immigration and immigration law. We built now over 400 miles of border wall, Southern border. Mexico is working very closely with us. We have the strongest border we've ever had.

Donald Trump: We want people to come into our country, they have to come in legally. But we are working very hard on the DACA program and you will be, I think very happy over the course of the next year.

Paulette Dale: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I feel the same way as you do about it.

Paulette Dale: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Savannah Guthrie: Mr. President, in point of fact, the DACA program, they are under your administration, no new applicants are allowed. And in fact, the DACA recipients now have to renew every year as opposed to every two years.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Savannah Guthrie: So, in fact, the DACA program has been curtailed by your administration.

Donald Trump: Well, what happened is because of the pandemic much changed on the immigration front. Mexico is heavily infected as you know and we've made it very, very difficult to come in because of the pandemic and other reasons and crime. But we have a very strong border right now and we have to keep it that way, but we want people to come into our country.

Donald Trump: But they have to come in through a merit system and they have to come in legally, and people are very very happy with it. You haven't heard any complaints about that, but what happened is because of the pandemic, we have to be extra cautious.

Savannah Guthrie: You have been promising this immigration bill since, well, at least, July when he told my colleague on Telemundo it was coming, but nothing has come yet.

Donald Trump: Well, it's -- it's very [Inaudible]. The fact is, we got rid of catch and release which is a disaster. You know you catch somebody, they could be a murderer, they could be a rapist, and we're supposed to release them into our country. These are the laws that I inherited. We ended that program. No, I think you're going to see something very, very good.

Donald Trump: The whole immigration -- if you look at what's going on, people used to pour into our country and especially during the pandemic. I think you'll be -- I think even you, Savannah, would be very impressed with what we've --

Savannah Guthrie: Sir, we have about 30 seconds left.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Savannah Guthrie: I think about people sitting out there tonight. There are some who love you. Some of them are sitting right around here and some who will never vote for you. But there are people in the middle. There are people who we aren't sure.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Savannah Guthrie: There are people who want to know why they should give you a second chance and how you might improve in a second term. Thirty seconds, what would you say to them?

Donald Trump: Because I've done a great job. We have the strongest economy in the world. We closed it up. We are coming around the corner. Vaccines are coming out soon and our economy is strong. We are at a level with jobs like we've never been before. We've rebuilt our military. We've rebuilt our borders. We had no borders.

Donald Trump: We had no nothing. We've rebuilt so much. We've given you the greatest tax cut in the history of our country, greatest regulation cut, equally as important, and we created new levels of jobs that nobody thought was possible. And next year is going to be better than ever before.

Savannah Guthrie: I've got to leave it there. I've got a wrap from the control room. Mr. President, thank you for your time. Thank you for listening to the voters' questions.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, Savannah.

Savannah Guthrie: That concludes our town hall. We do want to thank the President again, as well as, our audience in hot Miami and all of you watching at home. And a reminder, Donald Trump and Joe Biden are scheduled to meet in person a week from tonight in Nashville, a second and final Presidential debate moderated by your own Kristen Welker.

Savannah Guthrie: Have a good evening and thanks for being with us.