Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-pete-hegseth-fox-news-september-27-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends Weekend. It was checked and confirmed for accuracy. Transcript and video courtesy of Fox News Channel.]

Pete Hegseth: The pick is in. And the third pick of your presidency. It's Amy Coney Barrett. How did you come to this pick, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: So we have a list of about 45 people. And it was set up over a period of time, a long period of time in conjunction with a lot of other people that are very talented, conservative. The very talented people, and it was definitely a time for a woman. And so I had, I broken down into five women. And this is a person who is just outstanding, a great student, a great scholar.

Donald Trump: Her professor, one of the most notable and actually they probably one of the most respected in Notre Dame, said that Amy was the best student that he ever had. He was there for many years -- the best student. So that meant something because academics means something. And I'm just I think it's going to be really thrilling.

Donald Trump: I hope it goes smoothly. Perhaps it will. Perhaps it won't. I think it's going to be very hard to dispute her qualifications or anything about her.

Pete Hegseth: When did you know, Mr. President? There's been speculation about her name -- reports a year ago that you may have been saving her for a Ginsburg opening. When was it crystal clear?

Donald Trump: Well, I've been very happy that the two people that we put on, you know, it's a very proud moment for a president to make choices. And if you look at Justice Gorsuch, or Justice Kavanaugh. They've been, you know, just outstanding people, outstanding men. And it was time for a woman. I think I knew I mean, there was there was thought of it last time, but I thought that at that time, Judge Kavanaugh, was just very outstanding.

Donald Trump: And I just felt that this was the right time. I did consider her at that time. But when this happened with Justice Ginsburg, when this happened, this just seemed like a natural fit.

Pete Hegseth: There are reports you've spoken with her multiple times, met with her here at the White House. What did you talk about, Mr. President? Did you talk about any specific cases?

Donald Trump: No, specifically, I didn't do that because in theory, you it's nicer if you don't. I guess you have no -- you could talk about anything you want, but I just really got to know her a little bit. A little bit last time. And when this was happening in the process of happening, I called her and I said, I'd like to have you come down and it just worked out very quickly and very well.

Donald Trump: I didn't discuss certain concepts and certain things. And some people say you shouldn't. I don't see any reason why you shouldn't. But I decided not to do it. And I think it gives her freedom to do what she has to do. She has to make rulings. But I think she's going to make a lot of people very proud. There's also there has been I noticed there's a tremendous clamoring for the public, really.

Donald Trump: I've been seeing it. We're all human. And I've been seeing there's there was a tremendous feeling that she was somebody that was going to be picked. I didn't tell anybody, but a lot of people felt she was going to be picked.

Pete Hegseth: I want to dive right into the core issue for conservatives, for evangelicals, for Catholics since 1973. There's been a clamoring for a review and reversal of Roe v. Wade. You sat down with our own Chris Wallace in 2016. Mr. President and said said this: if we put another two or three justices on the court or an overturn of Roe v. Wade will happen automatically, in my opinion, because I'm putting pro-life justices on the court.

Pete Hegseth: Would you like to see Roe challenged and overturned?

Donald Trump: So I didn't think it was for me to discuss that with her because it's something she's going to be ruling on. And this is what I was told, although I would have had the right to do that. But if you look at her, her past actions and rulings, I guess she maybe would be in the category that you mentioned. I don't know.

Donald Trump: I can say this, that she is certainly conservative in her views and her rulings. And we'll have to see how that all works out. But it will work out.

Pete Hegseth: Do you think a six to three court with three of your picks on there, Mr. President, would potentially rule on a life issue? On a Roe issue?

Donald Trump: It's certainly possible. And maybe they do it in a different way. Maybe they'd give it back to the states. You just don't know what's going to happen. But I've been surprised. I've been surprised by some of the rulings that we've already had over the last year. You know, you think you know somebody and then you get rulings that are a little bit different than you think could happen.

Donald Trump: So you never know what's going to happen. Mostly, I'm looking for somebody that can interpret the Constitution as written. We say it all the time and she is very strong on that. And it'll be very interesting. Also, on Second Amendment. I feel I know what she's doing on Second Amendment, but I can't really speak for it.

Donald Trump: Again I'm picking a person. She's going to have to rule the way she feels. But the Second Amendment is under siege if if Joe Biden got it but got in in any way if he would have, because I can't imagine if that's going to happen. But your Second Amendment is going to be gone and it's going to be gone quickly, I think.

Donald Trump: So we can't let that happen. But they'll probably be ruling on Second Amendment and and various other things. You know, it's if they say it's the most important thing a president can do. I don't know if that's true. I mean, I would say military. You might agree with me why it's military protection, but they say the selection of a Supreme Court justice is the most important thing.

Donald Trump: And the other thing, by the end of the term, we'll have almost 300 federal judges and court of appeals judges, which is a record. So we will have had a great impact on the court system going forward.

Note: [Commercial Break]

Pete Hegseth: When you consider what you've been through here in these last three and a half years, you've got -- you're a tough guy, you've got thick skin, people have been coming at you. What's your advice to someone like Amy Coney Barrett, who's about to go through --

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's such a great question it's just, you can't answer it. But I do believe that in a way, Justice Kavanaugh was a pioneer. What he went through was so horrible, false accusations. And he's you know such a gentleman the way he handled it, but nobody was, I don't think I've ever seen anybody for any position treated the way he was treated and so viciously by Harris and and all of them the way they the way they spoke to this man was so horrible.

Donald Trump: And I actually think it makes it easier for Amy. I think they can't do that again. They can never get away with it. Nobody's ever been treated so badly as justice Kavanaugh at that time Judge Kavanaugh, I will say this. Judge Gorsuch at the time, Judge Gorsuch, he was treated pretty tough, got through it strongly.

Donald Trump: He did a great job, but the way Judge Kavanaugh was treated was I've never seen I've never seen anything like it. I've seen some bad treatment. I have never seen anything like that. I think that makes it a lot easier for Amy.

Pete Hegseth: Do you think they can resist it Mr. President, let's say the resumé holds up and there is no obvious attack. The left seems to believe the ends justify the means, personal destruction is is justified to pursue their political power. Could they resist and hold back? Is that even --

Donald Trump: I don't know if they can hold back, but I think they they don't look good as they go crazy again. They went crazy. They went what they did was crazy. And, you know, we had a couple of people that weren't real fighters on our side. And they're gone. They're gone. I wonder where they went. But they're no longer with us.

Donald Trump: And that's a good thing. I think we have great -- the Republican Party is very united in this. Lindsey Graham, every one of them I mean they're tremendous, Mitch. We speak all the time.

Pete Hegseth: Did you think Mitch McConnell would be this this -- play this big of a role in cementing your legacy? Three big justices.

Donald Trump: Well, we've worked very closely together and it's been pretty amazing. Look, we have there's never been anything like it. If you think again, by the end, we have 40 or 50. We have many people in there waiting to be confirmed right now for federal judgeships. That's a big deal, a federal judge. And don't forget, President Obama left us over a hundred.

Donald Trump: It's unheard of. He left us over a hundred. Because he probably thought that crooked Hillary was going to win. And, you know, in which case it wouldn't have mattered too much. I guess that's what he assumed. But he left us a lot. So we will have a record. And that's a very record, that's a very important record.

Donald Trump: Again, judges and justices, especially justices of the Supreme Court -- and to think that I'd have three in one term.

Pete Hegseth: Democrats are threatening to pack the court -- What would you -- That would be the fastest way to try to undo this legacy issue. How would you take --

Donald Trump: Well, the only way they can do that if they win the presidency and they have to win the Senate. And I tell you, I think we're doing really well. There's a great hidden majority. I call it a hidden you call it the silent majority. But it's not really silent. It's very you see the rallies and people show up.

Donald Trump: Last night in Virginia, we're looking at Virginia very strongly. We think Virginia is in play. And you saw the people that showed up last night. We had probably 35000 people show up at an airport on a short notice. So we think there's a lot of things going on out there that much more so than even four years ago, four years ago.

Donald Trump: You know it better. You saw it early Pete. But four years ago, we had tremendous enthusiasm. It's much more now. It's much more this year.

Pete Hegseth: Confirmation hearings scheduled October 12th. Do you anticipate to have her confirmed before the election?

Donald Trump: I would like to. I would say we have plenty of time just in case your next question would be, well, you know, should you wait? They wouldn't wait. Number one, and importantly, we have a lot of time. You know, we also could go after. We have tremendous amount of time. And it's been done many times before this way.

Donald Trump: You know, it's an election year. No, I think we're gonna have it done easily before the election. I think would be nice to do. Get it out of the way. It's so important a decision. I think it's important. We're going to try to have it done quickly and before the election. But think of all the time. So then you have from that day, you have all the way to January 20th.

Donald Trump: So, I mean, who would not do this? They say, well, why didn't you wait for the next -- Well. Elections have consequences. And we won the election. We have the Senate. We have the presidency. So I think I think she'll be confirmed before and probably long before the election, relatively long before the election.

Pete Hegseth: The debates coming up. Everyone's going to be watching. How are you preparing specifically?

Donald Trump: I think i prepare every day. I think, you know, when you're president, you sort of see everything that they're going to be asking. And they may disagree with you, but we've done a great job. We created the greatest economy in history. And there's never been from an employment standpoint, from every standpoint.

Donald Trump: And now it's coming back. We closed it. We saved millions and millions of lives by doing what I did. And now we're bringing it back. It's a V, it's a V shape, which is it's maxed out. I mean, we're setting records, unemployment and everything else. Even the stock market. Look, how high the stock market is and we're rounding the turn.

Donald Trump: They hate when I say that the opposition. But we are we're rounding the turn on the on the pandemic. And very incredibly, we have some of the great vaccines, great companies. And we're going to have different vaccines, very powerful vaccines, great vaccines and therapeutics. But this is all happening very, very soon.

Donald Trump: So we're in great shape. But we've built the greatest economy in history and now we're doing it again and we're doing it rapidly. And I think next year we would have a great third quarter, by the way. And next year, I think, is going to be one of the greatest years we've ever had on the economy. And it's going to it's really very exciting, actually.

Pete Hegseth: Well, Mr. President, thank you so much for joining us on Fox and Friends. Congratulations on a very historic day.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much Pete.