Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-debra-saunders-las-vegas-review-journal-september-13-2020

Debra Saunders: You went to Riyadh and you went to Jerusalem your first trip abroad.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Debra Saunders: Did you plan the Middle East peace plan? Was the seed already in your head then?

Donald Trump: It was in my head. I had the feeling that -- For 40 years, they'd been able to do nothing, and they paid the Palestinians a lot of money. I cut that off almost immediately, because they weren't saying good things. They weren't saying nice things, and we were paying then $750 million a year. I cut it off, and I started dealing with the countries, the big countries like UAE, like Bahrain, who are gonna be at the White House on Tuesday, signing a very important document.

Donald Trump: First time in many, many years, and there are many other Middle Eastern countries that have --

Debra Saunders: Would the Saudis join? Do you think the Saudis will join?

Donald Trump: I think they will, at the right time, yeah.

Debra Saunders: When do you think that will be?

Donald Trump: It'll be soon.

Debra Saunders: So there's a limit Governor Sisolak has, 50 people per event. Are you, are you subject to that?

Donald Trump: So, here's what happened. We had many sites, and this governor -- out -- outside sites, and this Governor, what he did is a disgrace, and he's in charge of ballots. He made it impossible for these people to give us the sites. They were exterior sites. You know, last night, we had 29,000 people, and we had people outside by the 10s of thousands, the arena. [Inaudible] But now tonight, it was very interesting.

Donald Trump: I said, "How are we doing?" They canceled six different sites, because the Governor wouldn't let it happen. All exterior sites. So a friend of ours let us use this. Outside, you have 30 thousand people. Do you see what's going on outside?

Debra Saunders: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's 30,000 people trying to get in. This is a much smaller place.

Debra Saunders: Aren't you concerned about getting COVID though, in an enclosed space?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not concerned.

Debra Saunders: What about the people in here?

Donald Trump: I'm more concerned about how close you are, because --

Debra Saunders: [Laughs] Sorry about that.

Donald Trump: Because you know why?

Debra Saunders: Uh-huh.

Donald Trump: I'm on a stage. It's very far away.

Debra Saunders: Uh-huh.

Donald Trump: And so, I'm not at all concerned.

Debra Saunders: Have you ever talked to Governor Sisolak?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I've spoken to him a little bit.

Debra Saunders: Then, and, and it seems like there's something personal. You call him a club house governor.

Donald Trump: Well he is. He's a, he's a political hack. Let me just tell you. He's in charge of ballots. There's no way he's gonna be honest about it. It, it's a rig. It's a rig. 100% rigged. I have no doubt about it in my mind. Just like we couldn't get a site in Las Vegas. Even in Reno, we would, and we have -- We ended up with a great site.

Donald Trump: We had so many people. 10s of thousands of people last night. You know, tonight we had six different sites, and he was unable to -- He would make it impossible for these people, and his people made it impossible. So we ended up here, at a friend's place, and, but, they only have about 6,000 people at this site.

Donald Trump: No, but it shouldn't have happened. It should've been outside.

Debra Saunders: But there's a Republican Secretary of State. I mean, the governor doesn't really control what really happens in the ballots.

Donald Trump: The governor totally controls it. The governor's the one who made it very difficult, and he controls it, and that's okay. He wants to play that game, we'll play the game. You know what the game is? The game is he's also controlling ballots, and it's a crooked operation. As far as I'm concerned, this is a rigged election.

Donald Trump: This is a rigged election, and he's not the only one. You have Pennsylvania. You take a look at what's going on in Pennsylvania. They've got many, many ballot operations over the last number of years. Almost every one of them has turned out to be fraudulent, and they have a small operation. It's not where you're sending out millions and millions of ballots.

Debra Saunders: Do you want Nevadans to vote by mail?

Donald Trump: I, I want everybody to go and vote, unless you do an absentee ballot.

Debra Saunders: Okay, so --

Donald Trump: If you do an absentee ballot, where you send for it and it comes back. But they're sending ballots all over the place. No, I don't think that's good, because it's proven to be people that don't even want a ballot end up getting a ballot. They don't even know what to do with it. And what happens is people take those ballots, and there's great fraud, and that's been proven.

Donald Trump: In New York you saw that. It's been proven in New Jersey. It's been proven all over.

Debra Saunders: So what can you do to bring the Strip back?

Donald Trump: Well, it's gonna come back because we have the right seats, and that seats are gonna be coming very soon. There are units already. You look at the, you know, you look at the death toll. Way down. You look at therapeutics. We've done great with Remdesivir, with the plasma, convalescent plaza, plasma, and you look at all of the things that we're doing.

Donald Trump: It's incredible, and it's gonna come back. We've done a great job. Ventilators. We've done one of the best jobs anywhere in the world, and we have a big country. And others -- Our testing program is better than anybody else by far. You know, it's been really amazing what we've done.

Debra Saunders: So will COVID be in the mirror next year? You said that we were turning a corner.

Donald Trump: I think so, yeah. I think COVID will be in the mirror next year.