Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-wwltv-new-orleans-katie-moore-january-13-2020

Katie Moore: Nice to see you.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you. It's an honor to meet you.

Katie Moore: Thank you so much for doing this and taking the time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Katie Moore: Let's begin with what you've been talking about on Twitter today and that, of course, is the impeachment that's looming. What are you hoping comes out this week.

Donald Trump: Well, the whole thing is a hoax and everybody knows that they have nothing. They sent two articles that the two articles is not anything wrong and everybody knows that too and the Democrats know it. That's why she never produced it. She was -- they were in such a hurry then weeks later it still hasn't been produced because they don't want to lose.

Donald Trump: And based on the facts that they should lose quickly and easily. So it's a hoax and it's taking a lot of time for a lot of people and we're dealing with Iran and we're dealing with China and we're dealing with virtually every country straightening things out and they waste everybody's time. It's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: And the Democrats are doing a very, very bad thing for our nation.

Katie Moore: As you just mentioned this really is a pivotal time in your presidency. Why take time out of your busy schedule to come here to the National Championship game?

Donald Trump: Well, number one, I love these two areas, two great teams, it's going to be tremendous. As you know Louisiana has been very special and the sense of -- of the success in South Carolina, likewise, we had tremendous success and it's gonna be a great game. Many people invited us and many of the politicians, many of the local people and I think it's going to be really something special, it's great for the country.

Katie Moore: Is this important to you to be here?

Donald Trump: I think so. I mean, it's certainly enjoyable in the sense that it's going to be hopefully a great game. But. I think it's just a good thing for the country the spirit of the country. Our country has never have to say we've never done well like we're doing right now. Our economy is the best, won up again today.

Donald Trump: We set another record. We've set 139 records in less than a three year period economically. Our military is rebuilt. Our -- if you see the V.A. You know how well that's doing now. We have veterans choice. That was a big difference where you can go get a doctor if they can't take care of you immediately. So our vets are taken care of for the first time, really.

Donald Trump: I mean, they've never been taken care of like this and everything else we've done and we've just never done better. But this is going to be a great evening.

Katie Moore: The last couple of times that you came to Louisiana you were campaigning for Republican candidates for governor. Today, the Democrat was sworn in for his second term. Any thoughts on that and you're working relationship moving forward.

Donald Trump: Well, it's very good. I just met John Bel right outside and he was terrific. He greeted me when I came in and we did a good job. We raised our candidate by 12 points and he was a really good man, really good. He worked hard. We lifted him up 12 points but he didn't quite make it. And John Bel's a pro and we're going to work together we're going to do everything we can for the state because we love the state, we both love this state and we're going to set some records here, you watch.

Donald Trump: Especially when it comes to energy and some of the big assets that you have.

Katie Moore: That's something that we wanted to talk about as well. Apparently, your administration wants to roll back some of the regulations that were put in place for safety concerns after the Deepwater Horizon spill. Obviously, energy is very important to us. Oil is some of our bread and butter. So that's good for business but is it enough to keep people safe and to keep our --

Donald Trump: Well, it is. Because we have much better equipment today than you know when we're talking about quite a while ago. We have much better equipment much safer equipment. We can do things for less money. We can pay people more money and we think it's going to be great for energy. You know this is a very big energy area and that's what they want to hear.

Donald Trump: And they wanted it. They all wanted it because it's good for jobs, good for economic development. So, no, it's my honor to have done it. We have -- We're now no. 1 in the world in energy and we weren't -- we weren't even close. And in three years we've made such progress. We're No. 1 in oil and gas. We're No. 1 in almost every form of energy.

Donald Trump: No. 1 in the world. We're exporting now. We're independent now. That's why we don't have our ships and the in the Gulf anymore. In the, as you call it the straits, over with Saudi Arabia and all of the different places, where we used to get -- we get a little bit but we don't have to get any. And it makes us a much safer nation a much stronger nation and economically with the best we've ever been.

Katie Moore: All right. Mr. President, thank you so much for your time. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Katie Moore: Nice to meet you.

Donald Trump: Take care of yourself.

Katie Moore: You too.