Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-town-hall-fox-news-baier-maccallum-march-5-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided courtesy of Fox News Channel. It was spot checked for accuracy and is provided as is.]

Bret Baier: Good evening from the Scranton Cultural Center in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Tonight, the battle for the White House comes to the Keystone State. Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.

Martha MacCallum: And I'm Martha MacCallum. Great to be here tonight. Pennsylvania, of course, was critical in securing President Trump's victory in 2016. And it is a state that he may need again this November.

Bret Baier: This comes as the Democratic field hoping to challenge him is narrowing. Only two major candidates remain, former Vice President Joe Biden and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.

Martha MacCallum: President Trump has already held rallies across the country, touting record jobs, new trade deals, and an overall strong economy.

Bret Baier: So, will that message resonate here, as he looks to become the first Republican since Ronald Reagan to win Pennsylvania twice?

Martha MacCallum: Ladies and gentlemen, President Donald Trump. [Applause, Cheering]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Whoa! [Applause, Cheering] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Hi, Bret.

Bret Baier: Mr. President, thanks for being here.

Donald Trump: Nice to be invited. [Crosstalk]

Bret Baier: Nice to see you again.

Martha MacCallum: Thank you for being here.

Donald Trump: Great.

Bret Baier: Thank you.

Martha MacCallum: Great to have you. [Applause, Cheering]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. [Applause, Cheering] Whoa. Thank you. So great.

Martha MacCallum: Well, you got a great crowd here.

Donald Trump: Nice audience.

Bret Baier: Nice crowd. [Applause, Cheering]

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Martha MacCallum: Terrific crowd here tonight. Thank you so much, everybody.

Bret Baier: We would love to get into a lot of questions tonight.

Donald Trump: Good.

Bret Baier: And there are a lot of good questions from residents here in Scranton, who will want to talk about big issues.

Martha MacCallum: So, we are going to jump right in with the first questioner from our audience. Thank you again, Mr. President, for being here tonight.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Martha MacCallum: Katherine Pugh is joining us. She's an undecided voter. And she has a question for President Trump. Katherine?

Question: Mr. President, at the outset of the coronavirus, your administration's response seemed to some as being confusing or minimizing. What plans are being considered on a federal level for the possibility of a long-term disruption from the novel coronavirus?

Donald Trump: Well, actually, we are giving -- I think really given tremendous marks -- you look at Gallup poll, you look at other polls, for the way we have handled it. And one of the things I did is, I closed down the borders to China and to other areas that are very badly affected, and really having a lot of troubles, I mean, countries and areas of countries that have had a lot of problem.

Donald Trump: And I closed them down very early, against the advice of almost everybody. And we have been given rave reviews. And that's why we have only right now 11 -- it's a lot of people, but it's still 11 people, versus tremendous numbers of thousands of people that have died all over the world. We have 11. We have 149 cases as of this moment.

Donald Trump: This morning, it was 129. And I just see you -- right now, it's about 149 cases. There are 100,000 cases all over the world. So we're really given tremendous marks for having made the decision. And that was a decision I made to close down the borders, so that people from China, where we take in thousands and thousands of people a day, they stopped coming in very early, weeks ahead of where they normally would have been stopped.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bret Baier: Mr. President, you have said you want to take politics out of dealing with this crisis.

Donald Trump: Right.

Bret Baier: But in the White House yesterday, you said that about the testing kits and the delay, you blamed President Obama.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't blame anybody. I want to get everybody to understand, they made some decisions which were not good decisions. We inherited decisions that they made. And that's fine.

Bret Baier: As far as regulations?

Donald Trump: We undid -- yes. We undid some of the regulations that were made that made it very difficult. But I'm not blaming anybody. It just seems that the Democrats, some of them, I must say -- and you know it better than anybody, Bret -- it's become much better. But some of the Democrats have said, no matter what -- if we found a cure, and everybody's better tomorrow morning at nine o'clock, they would say, he's done a terrible job.

Donald Trump: It's just automatic. How is the president doing? Oh, terrible, terrible. They don't mean it. And we have done a great job. Again, we have gotten the highest poll numbers of anybody for this kind of a thing. And it's -- and the other thing, I'm working with phenomenal people, with CDC and all of the people involved.

Donald Trump: Mike Pence is doing a fantastic job. I mean, Mike Pence is working 20 hours a day or more on this, and really doing a fantastic job.

Bret Baier: I guess the critics say that, why wait until the testing issue became a crisis before dealing with it? If you wanted to change the regulations, why not change them either when you took office or when you first learned of the virus in January? For example, South Korea really got their act together right away.

Bret Baier: That's what they say.

Donald Trump: Well, when you say take office, we just learned about this a very short while ago.

Bret Baier: Sure, but -- or when you learned about the virus in January.

Donald Trump: I know, but you're not going to be thinking -- I'm thinking about a lot of other things too, like...

Bret Baier: Sure, yes, yes.

Donald Trump: ... like trade and millions of other things. I mean, we are doing some job with the economy and all. So, I'm not thinking about this. But as soon as I heard that China had a problem, I said, what's going on with China? How many people are coming in? Nobody but me asked that question. And you know better than -- again, you know, you both know that I closed the borders very early.

Donald Trump: And we were given A-pluses for that.

Bret Baier: And you were given applause for that.

Donald Trump: Yes, saved a lot of lives.

Bret Baier: But I'm just talking about the testing -- the testing kits.

Donald Trump: Well, the testing, we did it -- as soon as we found out that it was a problem, we did it. It's not the kind of a thing you say, gee, I just got elected. Let's do some testing on this. They had some bad decisions. Some bad decisions were made. We corrected those decisions.

Martha MacCallum: So, obviously, you care a lot about the economy. And we are seeing some impacts. It is kind of surprising how many conferences are being shut down, and meetings are being canceled, and flights. A lot of flights have been canceled. Even the James Bond movie, they're delaying because of coronavirus. I'm wondering what you think is the long-term -- over the course of the year, Wall Street says that they don't expect U.S. companies to have any growth in 2020, which is pretty surprising.

Martha MacCallum: What's the impact on the economy and also potentially on your reelection?

Donald Trump: Well, I think people are viewing us as having done a very good job. What we have to do is do a very professional job. Nobody is blaming us for the virus, nobody. I mean, I haven't heard that, even from some of the so-called enemies or whatever you want to call them. They're not blaming us.

Martha MacCallum: No.

Donald Trump: This started in China. How it started, there is question, but thousands and thousands of cases in China. And it infiltrated to almost 100 countries right now.

Martha MacCallum: But I'm not talking about the handling of it.

Donald Trump: Nobody is blaming me.

Martha MacCallum: Excuse me. I don't mean to interrupt. But I'm just asking about in terms of things you can't control, right, the impact on the economy, and that potentially that could -- if people feel like the economy is turning around, that that could be an election issue as you go into it.

Donald Trump: Well, look, we were set to hit 30,000 on the Dow. This is a number that nobody ever even came close to. And, already, we have the number. And even though it's down 10 or 11 percent, it's still the highest it's ever been by far. It certainly might have an impact. At the same time, I have to say, people are now staying in the United States, spending their money in the U.S. And I like that.

Donald Trump: I have been after that for a long time. You know that. I have been saying, let's stay in the U.S., spend your money here. And they're doing that. They sort of enforced doing that. We met with the airline companies yesterday. They're doing a fantastic job. And they are just not flying to areas that have a big problem.

Donald Trump: So it's going to all work out. Everybody has to be calm. It's all going to work out.

Bret Baier: But, to Katherine's original question, there is a long-term plan if it lasts longer than we think?

Donald Trump: Sure. We could have a very long-term plan. We hope that doesn't happen. But we're -- we have plans for every single possibility. And I think that's what we have to do. We hope it doesn't last too long.

Bret Baier: We want to get to audience questions. Robert is a Trump supporter. He does have a question about rhetoric here in the campaign. Robert.

Question: Mr. President, thank you so much for returning back to Northeastern Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you.

Question: I have been a big supporter of you for the duration.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: And you every -- for everything that you have done for this country and continue to do for this country.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: Unfortunately, insult politics have become a staple of this political environment.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: Joe Biden has suggested to take you out back behind the gym and fight you. Maxine Waters has a low I.Q. Could there be a way that we can deliver your message without the controversial rhetoric, in efforts to reunite this country during these divisive times?

Donald Trump: Well, I have to tell you, I think -- I appreciate the question. I think the country is far more united than people think. And, ultimately, what is uniting the country is success. And we're having more success than we have ever had. We got hit with the virus really three weeks ago, if you think about it, I guess.

Donald Trump: That's when we first started really to see some possible effects. But even despite that, the country, we are having the greatest year. We had -- last year was the greatest year we have ever had economically. And I think the way we unite is really through success. But when they hit us, we have to hit back.

Donald Trump: I feel that. I mean, there's two ways of doing it, turning your cheek. But I wouldn't be sitting up here if I turned my cheek. If I said, OK, let them just keep hitting at me, and I won't do it, they're not interviewing me right now. They're interviewing somebody else. Maybe they won't even be doing that, because if they don't get ratings, they don't interview anybody.

Donald Trump: [Laughter] That, I have learned. [Applause, Laughter] But you know what? You can't turn your cheek. I mean, we get hit. [Applause] Thank you. [Crosstalk] We get hit so hard. And we have a media that is, I say, to a large extent, it's a part of the Democrat Party. It really is. It's terrible. It's unfair.

Donald Trump: I call it fake news. I have used that. And people are using that, I guess, all over the world right now. And that's the way it is. We have to fight back. If we don't fight back, you won't be a fan of mine very long. But I appreciate the question. Thank you. [Applause]

Martha MacCallum: All right.

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Applause]

Martha MacCallum: So, I -- speaking -- speaking of rhetoric, I want you -- to ask you to listen to this.

Chuck Schumer: [Begin Video Clip] I want to tell you, Gorsuch, I want to tell you, Kavanaugh, you have released the whirlwind, and you will pay the price. Now, I should not have used the words I used yesterday. They didn't come out the way I intended to. [End Video Clip]

Martha MacCallum: So, going over some of the response to all of that, President Trump, some of your critics are saying, well, President Trump has also gone after liberal judges, and that Chuck Schumer...

Donald Trump: You mean they're blaming me for Schumer?

Martha MacCallum: No. [Laughter]

Martha MacCallum: Well, they're saying that, then he came out... [Applause, Cheering]

Martha MacCallum: So, he made sort of an apology there. [Applause, Cheering]

Martha MacCallum: Do you ever -- do you think that you should make any apology for your -- what you have said about liberal judges, or not?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I mean, we had a justice come out and criticize me badly. And I just responded to what she said. I had it twice. And when you look at -- I had a very harsh criticism, as you know, Justice Ginsburg, during the -- just before a debate during the election, as I was getting elected. She came out.

Donald Trump: She had to apologize. It was a terrible thing she said. She should have never been allowed to say it. But if they say something to me, I'm not allowed to say back? You had another justice say something that was somewhat derogatory. And all I did was respond. But I didn't respond like Schumer. Schumer, that was a physical thing, in my opinion.

Donald Trump: He tried to say, oh, well, that has to do with the election. That had nothing to do with the election, the way he said, we're going to hit back, like you have never seen before? That was a real intimidation. And the best you can say is, they're trying to intimidate, so that the judges vote -- so the justices vote their way.

Donald Trump: That's no good either. But that was a physical -- that was really -- if a Republican did what Schumer did, they'd be in jail right now, I'll tell you right now. [Applause]

Bret Baier: Mr. President, just follow up on that really quickly. Chief Justice Roberts obviously put out a statement and really rebuked Senator Schumer for those words. The last time he put out one of these rare statements, it was about you and the federal judge that you called an Obama judge. So, to Martha's question, is there something about apologies on both sides when dealing with justices or judges?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I have to state the facts. I'm not threatening anybody physically. But if we have an Obama judge, we don't do very well. Now, we have appointed 220 federal judges, the most, I think, in history. It's a record. It's a record. Because -- because, number one, Mitch McConnell did a great job, but the Republicans did a great job.

Donald Trump: But the bottom line is, President Obama gave me 142 openings when I first got there. Normally, you would have -- there's never been anything like that. Normally, you would have no opening. Now, you say he's a great president. The most important thing you have to do, I say, is the military, but a lot of people say is judges and justices of the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: President Obama gave us 142. It's unheard of. If you have one, it's like you got lucky -- had 142. We're up to 220 federal judges and court of appeals judges, two Supreme Court justices. I mean, it's incredible. But we were going -- if you go to the Ninth Circuit, if you go certain places, it's almost impossible to win.

Donald Trump: So, I was surprised at Justice Roberts. And I have a lot of respect for him. I like him personally. I have a lot of respect. But I think that could have been left unsaid, because a lot of people, a lot of very top legal minds disagreed with him when he said it. Now I'm just talking about the facts. I'm talking about sort of the facts of life, that's the way it is.

Bret Baier: Well let's get back to our questions, our next question is from David Hines, he's a Democrat who decided to vote for you in 2016.

Donald Trump: Good.

Question: Mr. President, welcome back to Scranton.

Donald Trump: Thank you, David.

Question: Everyone supports protecting the environment, but the EPA seems too focused on complex regulations, fines, fees, and lawsuits. What can you do to lead the EPA to focus more on proactive compliance instead of punitive enforcement to protect the environment?

Donald Trump: David, I love the question because our EPA is much different. We're very tough, but we get things done, and we're taking regulations off like nobody's ever seen. And I say very simply, I want to have the cleanest air on the planet. I want to have the most crystal clear beautiful water on the planet. And our conditions now are much better than they were three years ago.

Donald Trump: But you know very well David, because you're into the world of regulation -- I think it was maybe one of the biggest things we've done. I've cut regulations more than any president -- whether they're eight years, four years or one case quite a bit more than eight years. I cut more than any other president in the history of our country, and I did it in less than three years.

Donald Trump: So it's a great question. The EPA was -- this is why I was able to get the country going, because so many jobs were stopped, by not only EPA, so many other agencies where you'd have to go get 11 different permits for essentially the same thing. I opened up LNG plants in Louisiana where they were for years -- for 10, 12, 14 years and longer trying to get permits -- they couldn't get permits.

Donald Trump: I got them built. A $10 billion plant in Louisiana. They Keystone XL pipeline, I gave it -- in my first week I got approval. The Dakota Access pipeline, I got the approval -- 48,000 jobs. And frankly, it's more environmentally -- you know, it's better than having the train going up and down tracks, and you don't know what happens with the train -- plenty of bad things happen with those trains.

Donald Trump: Here you're underground, environmentally better. So I think it's a great question. We're really -- one of the reasons the economy is so strong is because of what we did with regulations. If the other side -- we'll call it the other side, affectionately, got in they would have made regulations much, much tougher.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bret Baier: Well that's it, we're going to --

Martha MacCallum: I want to ask him --

Bret Baier: Oh, thank you. They're talking about the rain tax here in Pennsylvania.

Martha MacCallum: I want to ask David, actually a follow-up question, because you are really the typical voter, I think you were -- you were a lifelong Democrat who crossed over and voted for President Trump in 2016 in areas like we are in right now in Lackawanna County. So you know, obviously now Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders -- whoever it is, is going to try to get your vote back.

Martha MacCallum: So I'm just -- I am curious, is there anything or any issue that they could answer for you that would change your mind, do you think?

Question: I'm focused on the economy, and on regulation and deregulation, and I like what's happened in the country in the last four years --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: -- and I'm thankful for your efforts, sir --

Donald Trump: Thank you, David.

Question: -- and I hope we can continue on that. [Applause]

Martha MacCallum: Thank you. So the answer would be no, nothing would change your mind? No -- he's shaking his head, no, nothing.

Donald Trump: I think they thought you were going to give them a different answer.

Martha MacCallum: No, I wanted to hear because I do think it's very, I mean he is --

Donald Trump: That sounded like a setup question -- no, no, no David, you're my man. David's my man, I like that guy.

Martha MacCallum: No, I wanted -- you know what, I love that too.

Donald Trump: I like that guy.

Martha MacCallum: I said, I'm very interested in voter, because we want to know what -- you know, how voters like you are going to vote next time around because we love to follow the story of the movement of the electoral. And I think it's fascinating that you -- you know, answered as you did.

Donald Trump: Well Martha, this area of Pennsylvania, and Pennsylvania itself has the best numbers it's ever had. It's got the best economy it's ever had -- has the best unemployment numbers it's ever had. And Scranton has the lowest and best unemployment numbers they've -- and employment numbers too -- that they've ever had by far.

Donald Trump: So you know, we're very happy about the job -- the people in Pennsylvania they're very happy with the job. You know, it was 30 years since a Republican won Pennsylvania, and based on results, I think we'll win it again very easily.

Martha MacCallum: Yeah. I mentioned -- [Applause]

Martha MacCallum: President Trump, I mentioned Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders because Elizabeth Warren dropped out today, and I want to know what your reaction to that was?

Donald Trump: Well, look, if she's a true progressive, which probably she is -- she should have dropped out three days ago. It would have been a whole different race. Texas was close, she got votes -- she didn't do well, but she got a lot of votes -- far more than the difference. I think about Maine. Maine was almost a tie.

Donald Trump: They had to wait a day and a half before they could even call it, it was so close. She, I guess, came in third, and it was, you know, a very distant third. But she got a lot of votes. Maine would have gone to -- I think he would have gotten everything, right? Bernie Sanders would have won five, six, seven states -- would have won Minnesota, would have won at least another two or three states.

Donald Trump: So when you look at it, she did him no favors. That was not a good friendship. That was -- we started to see that during the debates, by the way, that one became unhinged.

Martha MacCallum: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But you know, if she would have gone out -- she didn't even have to endorse him. If she weren't -- if she just dropped out of the race without an endorsement, he would have won a tremendous number of states that he lost. You know, he lost states by not very much. And she got enough votes that it would have made a big difference.

Donald Trump: I think he would be leading by a lot right now, had she not been in the race.

Bret Baier: You know, tonight you're in the boyhood home, obviously of Joe Biden, who is sort of like a phoenix from the ashes in this Democratic race. And tonight looks likely that he could get the Democratic nomination. Now Democrats insist that you were impeached because you were trying to damage Joe Biden, were you?

Donald Trump: So, it was a fake impeachment. [Applause] We had 100 -- think of it, of the Republicans in the House. We had 107 -- 196 votes in favor, zero from the Republicans, zero against. We picked up three Democrat votes on top of that. And we had one Democrat -- was so angry by it that he left the party, became a Republican, which I think is a first time because he left a majority and went in to a minority.

Donald Trump: Van Drew. And it was a whole fake deal. And everybody knows that. I made a phone call, it was a perfect phone call, there was nothing wrong with it. And they said, let's impeach. Now the real back story is when the phony whistleblower -- who's a total phony -- he heard the call supposedly, you know, through somebody -- through the informant.

Donald Trump: You notice the way everybody disappeared once -- thank goodness I had a transcriber -- we had more than one. Thank goodness we had that call transcribed, because the transcripts of the call reveal that it was a perfect call. By that time they were already talking about impeachment, and they were going by a phony whistleblower rendition of a call that didn't exist.

Donald Trump: Just like Adam Schiff, he goes before Congress and he starts talking about eight quid pro quos, and don't call me I'll call you. Well that's a mob expression. Don't call me, I'll -- and everybody's saying that's a terrible call. He made it up -- it was totally made up. And I said, oh good, we'll sue him, we'll take him down.

Donald Trump: And then I find out he's got immunity because he made it in Congress. It should almost be the opposite. You should almost have to be more honest if you're in Congress. [Applause]

Bret Baier: Do you think Biden is damaged? Do you think he's damaged?

Donald Trump: I think that Biden has been damaged, yeah. A lot of people -- I saw a couple of statements, very strong statements by very respected people in your world saying they aimed at Trump, but they took Biden down. And really that's what happened, when you think. Because you look at the son -- here's a guy, didn't have a job, was unfortunately, sadly -- the military was a very sad experience for him.

Donald Trump: He goes out, he gets $3 million plus $183,000 a month to be a board member of a company that a lot of people said was corrupt. Worse -- just as bad, China -- I just made a great China deal. China is paying us billions and billions of dollars because of what I did to them with tariffs. Billions of dollars -- I mean, to a point where my farmers are in love with me because I took some of that money, gave it to them.

Donald Trump: [Applause] But his son walks out of China with a billion and a half dollars for a fund. Now a billion and a half dollars for a fund, meaning he's going to make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year and much more than that.

Bret Baier: So you want to face Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders, that's my question?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, I was all set for Bernie, because I thought it was going to happen. And you know how we get ready for things, right? So mentally I'm all set for Bernie -- communist, I had everything down, he's a -- I was all set. [Applause] And then we have this crazy thing that happened, right? On Tuesday which he thought was Thursday.

Donald Trump: [Laughter] But he also said 150 million people were killed with guns, and he was running for the United States Senate. Support me, I'm running for the United States -- there's something going on there. But I was all set -- I was all set. And, you know, when I focus and we all focus, sometimes you do well and some people choke.

Donald Trump: I watched mini Mike choke. When mini Mike was hit by a very mean woman, he said get me off this stage -- just get me off. And that wasn't a pretty sight to be -- but I was all set to take on Bernie. I was ready, and then all of a sudden they say, guess what. I went to the first lady, who people love. I go in to the first lady -- [Applause] -- and I said -- I said, he just won Texas, he just won, you know, et cetera, et cetera.

Donald Trump: And by the way, so close. It was a whole different thing because of her. So now I'm ready for Bernie, and now all of a sudden I have a whole different -- you know, it's a whole different deal -- two very different people. I think in a certain way Bernie would be tougher, because he's got a base. It's a much smaller base than my base.

Donald Trump: I think a lot of my people are here because -- and I did nothing to do that -- but we have a lot of support in Pennsylvania. And I think we have a lot of support everywhere, look at the rallies -- look at the rallies. [Applause] But I was all set -- I was all set for Bernie, I was ready to go. And then I say, you know, I don't think I'm running against Bernie, I think it's going to be very hard for him to come back.

Bret Baier: We'll cover it. Many more questions to come -- healthcare, also the economy, immigration. Please stay with us on this special town hall.

Martha MacCallum: We'll be right back.

Note: [Commercial Break]

Martha MacCallum: Welcome back everybody to our town hall with President Trump. Let's go right to Audrey who has a question for President Trump. Audrey? Right here -- here we go, hi Audrey.

Question: Mr. President, thank you -- Pennsylvania thanks you, Bucks County thanks you for everything you're doing for our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: We look at your energy, and it makes me get up and say, if he can do it, I can definitely get up and do everything I've got to do.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: I want to say, Republicans have failed to come up with an alternative plan to Obamacare, how do you plan to rally the Republicans around a plan, and what would be included in that?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, that's a great question and very important -- healthcare, and I think it's probably the thing that I'm most disappointed that I haven't been able to say what a good job we've done. I haven't been able to tell what a great job we've done. First of all, I got rid of the individual mandate, which was the worst part of Obamacare.

Donald Trump: That's where you paid a fortune not to pay for horrible and -- healthcare and insurance. And it had a tremendous impact. Preexisting conditions, 100 percent, we take care of. But we have many healthcare plans now, where it's 60 percent, even 65 percent less expensive than Obamacare. It's better than Obamacare.

Donald Trump: And what we really have left is the carcass of Obamacare, or you could call it new healthcare, because, without preexisting, without -- without the whole thing with the individual mandate, it's a whole different ball game. It's a much different -- it's a much different plan. And what we'd like to do is totally kill it, but come up before we do that with something that's great.

Donald Trump: What we have done is, we have really managed Obamacare, the remaining portion -- we got rid of the bad part -- but the remaining portion really well. And before I got involved, you know what was happening with the rates on Obamacare, they were going up at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We are managing it. And I had a decision to make.

Donald Trump: This was very important. I said to my people -- and we have great people -- Seema, Azar, I mean, great people that are so good at it. I said, you know, I have a little problem. Do we manage it great until we get something much better? Or do we manage it poorly, and say, Obamacare is horrible? And I said, we have got to do the right thing.

Donald Trump: We have got to manage it really, really good. So, it's not great healthcare, but we're managing it fantastically. And you don't see all those stories about the rates going through the roof anymore because we know what we're doing. At the same time, we want to get you really fantastic healthcare. If we can win back the House, we will be able to do that.

Donald Trump: We have to win back the House, keep the Senate, keep the White House. [Applause, Cheering] And we will be able to do it. Thank you. Thank you for the question. [Applause]

Martha MacCallum: So, Mr. President, I just want to follow up quickly on that, because the issue of preexisting conditions...

Donald Trump: Right.

Martha MacCallum: ... you say you're going to protect them.

Donald Trump: Right.

Martha MacCallum: But your administration is also fighting Obamacare in the courts. So how do you -- how do you promise people that you're going to protect them, based on that?

Donald Trump: Well, that's what I said. That's what I said, yes. We want to terminate Obamacare because it's bad. Look, we're running it really well, but we know it's defective. It's very defective. We got rid of the worst part. And that was a very important thing. Getting rid of the individual mandate was a very important thing.

Donald Trump: But we -- we want to get something. If we can get the House, you will have the best healthcare and health insurance anywhere on the planet. But we have to get the House back. Now, that means we have to hold the Senate, we have to get the House, we have to obviously keep the White House. But what we're doing is managing it really well.

Donald Trump: Now, it's a case, it's called Texas versus -- you understand, it's Texas is suing. They want to terminate it. But everybody there is also saying and everybody -- we have our great senator from Pennsylvania. Thank you very much, Pat, for being here. [Applause] And -- and Pat Toomey. And -- but very important.

Donald Trump: And our -- by the way, our great congressmen, I have to say they were warriors, right, real warriors in terms of the fake impeachment, I will tell you that. [Applause] But -- so Texas is trying -- and it's Texas and many states. They're trying to terminate. But they want to put something that's much better.

Donald Trump: They're terminating it to put much better. And they have all pledged that preexisting conditions 100 percent taken care of.

Bret Baier: Immigration.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bret Baier: The next question is from Jennifer. And she has a question about this issue.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Question: Hi. Thank you, Mr. President. This is truly an honor and one of the best days of my life. Just don't tell my husband.

Donald Trump: Wow. [Laughter]

Question: And I want to know, how are you going to control the illegal immigration without support from the Democratic Party?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, it's been hard, but we have done it incredibly. It could have been -- we have things called loopholes. And the loopholes are terrible, like lottery, where you give lotteries. They pick lotteries, and they have people coming into our country. We have ended catch and release. We have right now 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border, saying that, if they don't do that, we're going to have to be very tough on Mexico.

Donald Trump: And they're doing it, because our soldiers aren't allowed to be there for a lot of reasons. And we're very politically correct as a nation. Mexico perhaps is slightly less politically correct. And we have the best numbers that we have had in many, many months. We have had -- I guess it's now nine or 10 months where the numbers are way down.

Donald Trump: And we can keep them down. But we need the wall. And, most importantly, the wall is way under construction. We're up to 129 miles already. Where we have a wall, by the way, nobody's coming through, practically nobody. We will have, by early next year, almost 500 miles of wall. And once we have that wall, it's going to stop drugs.

Donald Trump: [Applause, Cheering] It's going to stop big percentages of everything coming in, OK? [Applause] And we're really, really doing a job. And, by the way, it's very important, because I could have done a much less expensive version. I could have done a much easier version, but a version that people would get over very easily.

Donald Trump: You have seen the people that get caught on top. It's very high and very powerful. We are building exactly what border control -- what the Border Patrol wanted. They wanted a very specific wall. You had to be able to see through it to the other side. You want to see where the people -- I thought -- before I got involved, I said, I can build just a nice concrete plank wall, throw it up. That would be no good.

Donald Trump: It wouldn't work. We built the wall that everybody has been dreaming about in terms of law enforcement for many years. So, we're up to 129 miles. We will be at 500 miles in a very short distance. It's really moving up quickly. It's a big difference. Thank you. [Applause]

Bret Baier: A lot of questions, a lot of questions, by the way, about the wall. Also a lot of questions, Mr. President, about the national debt. Since being president, you have signed into law $4.7 trillion of debt, including $2.1 trillion of discretionary spending. I understand that you're spending on the military as well.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Bret Baier: When you ran for president, at one point, you said that you would pay off the debt within eight years. So now we're about four years in, and the debt is up $3.5 trillion. That's about 18 percent. Republicans and Democrats obviously are not talking about the national debt a lot on Capitol Hill or on the campaign trail.

Bret Baier: So, do you...

Donald Trump: But I talk about it.

Bret Baier: Do you care about the national debt?

Donald Trump: I do, very much. And I will always talk about it, because, to me, it's very important. Now, the good thing about the debt is, we're paying very little interest, almost nothing. This is a great interest climate. In fact, I want to refinance the debt. But I had to fix the military. The military was depleted.

Donald Trump: [Applause, Cheering] I had to fix the military. It's one thing to say -- it's one thing to say, gee, we did a good job on the debt, or, gee, we did a good job on the budget, and you have people from other countries running up the White House lawn, you know? Maybe they took over our country, but I did one hell of a job on the budget, right?

Donald Trump: No. I had to fix the military, $2.5 trillion. We had to do other things. The country, when I took it over, was in very bad shape. Remember this. President Obama had -- he more than doubled -- he put more debt on than all of the other presidents of the United States combined. Combine all the debt of every other president.

Donald Trump: And I took it over. We had 20 -- we had $20 trillion worth of debt on the country, and actually more than that. But he -- and we had a lot of commitments for other things. And on top of it, you know, it's one thing you take over something, and you have debt. You have a building, you have debt. But the building is fixed up. The country was a mess.

Donald Trump: We were in all these wars all over the place.

Bret Baier: So, this would be a focus of a second term?

Donald Trump: Oh, absolutely. But when the trade deals kick in -- now, again, we were disturbed by what's going on with the virus, but that's going to be fine, and everybody -- it's going to be fine. But that was a disturbance. But I will say this, we -- when these -- when these trade deals kick in, and when all -- you know, the economy is the best economy we have ever had.

Donald Trump: It's nothing compared to what it's going to be when the trade deals kick in. [Applause]

Martha MacCallum: But if you -- if you don't cut something in entitlements, you will never really deal with the debt.

Donald Trump: Oh, we will be cutting, but we're also going to have growth like you have never had before. We have never had growth like we're experiencing. We will be experiencing, when they kick in -- China, as an example, they didn't do anything with us. They're now spending $250 billion a year. And that's only for phase one.

Donald Trump: Phase two is going to be even more so. It's $250 billion. I just made a deal with Japan, where they're paying $40 billion. They never gave us anything. All they do is sell us cars for no tax coming into the -- to the country. South Korea, you know I have made a deal. And then I made the USMCA deal with Canada and Mexico, replacing the worst deal, which was made by -- by the way, which was made by Joe, OK? I didn't want to say sleepy Joe, because I want to be respected.

Donald Trump: I want to -- I want to respect him. [Laughter]

Bret Baier: But you got it in there anyway.

Donald Trump: He looks like he's going to be a candidate. And I just say, how did that happen? [Laughter] So -- but, no, Joe Biden -- in all fairness, Joe Biden made a deal, NAFTA. He approved it. He was pushing it. It's the worst trade deal ever made. We're terminating NAFTA. We have the USMCA. China -- if we look at what happened, between China and Mexico and Canada, what they were doing to this country, how they were taking advantage of us, they were -- Canada was charging us 300 percent tariffs.

Donald Trump: Now we have it really in good shape.

Martha MacCallum: All right. [Applause]

Bret Baier: Mr. President, turning to foreign policy, John Sullivan has a question. John? There you are.

Question: Hi, Mr. President. Thanks for coming to Pennsylvania tonight.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: So my question is, ever since you have taken office in January 2017, North Korea has been in the news, and it's on the minds of many Americans and...

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: ... just like myself. So, if you're elected again this year, what's your plan moving forward with what you have already done with North Korea?

Donald Trump: I don't think it's on the minds of too many Americans, to be honest with you, but it certainly -- it should be, OK? And it's good that it's on your mind, because it's big stuff. And they do have a lot of power, a lot of nuclear power. So I don't take credit for this. And maybe I should, maybe I shouldn't. But when I became president, I was told by President Obama, sitting in the Oval Office, in our -- probably our only meeting, essentially.

Donald Trump: You know, that was enough for me. [Laughter] But I was told...

Bret Baier: And you haven't talked to him since?

Donald Trump: I was at the funeral of President Bush, sat next to him. And I said, hello. And then I said, goodbye. [Laughter] That's about -- that's about it. No, I didn't like the -- I don't -- I didn't like the job he did. I didn't like the job that he and Biden did. I didn't like the position they put us in. I didn't like what he did to our military.

Donald Trump: Our military -- we didn't even have a military. Our military was so depleted. [Applause] And I tell the story. And I hate to tell it, because it's embarrassing, but, right now, we have more ammunition than we have ever had. It's all over the place. [Applause] But when I -- when I -- we were having difficulty with a certain country.

Donald Trump: Remember, Donald Trump is going to start a war right away? Well, here it is, we're almost four years out. There's been no war, and we're respected again. But I was told by a general, sir, please don't do that. Why? We have no ammunition. This is the condition we were left in. When you look at so many different problems that we were left, I mean -- and with countries.

Donald Trump: But he said, the biggest problem we have is North Korea. That's what you're alluding to. And I have a good relationship with him. I said, did you ever call him? The answer is, yes, he did. But I will tell you, I don't think they admit that. Maybe they do, but called many times. And Kim Jong-un didn't want to talk to him.

Donald Trump: And me, he wanted to talk to. And we met in Singapore. And we met in Vietnam. And I also went to the border, first person ever to walk over from -- et cetera, et cetera. [Applause] And we had -- we have a very good relationship, understanding. Let's see what happens. But, you know, the pundits say, isn't it terrible, what he's done?

Donald Trump: He's given -- I gave nothing. I gave nothing. The sanctions are on. They want to see if they can do something. But I haven't given anything. If the other side got in, you would right now be in a big war with North Korea. Maybe it would be over by now, but you would right -- almost immediately, you would have started.

Donald Trump: And if you remember the rhetoric at the beginning, that was very tough rhetoric. But that rhetoric got us to a place. And the Olympics became successful because of me in South Korea, because, all of a sudden, they called. They said, we would like to be -- participate. They didn't sell any tickets, because nobody wanted to go to the Olympics.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, North Korea calls up and says, we want to be a participant in the Olympics. Everybody fell off their seat. That was because of me. And, by the way, the president of South Korea gives total credit for that. So, it became successful. The bottom line is, I have a very good relationship with him.

Donald Trump: I cannot guarantee anything, but, for three years, we have spent nothing. We're getting sanctions, and we're not in war with North Korea, which is not bad. [Applause]

Bret Baier: All right, Mr. President, thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Martha MacCallum: We're going to take a quick break, squeeze one break in here. And when we come back, we're going to have more questions from the audience. And then we will have a lightning round for President Trump. [Applause]

Note: [Commercial Break]

Bret Baier: Welcome back to our town hall with President Trump in Scranton, Pennsylvania. We want to continue with foreign policy for a couple questions. You talked this week to the leader of the Taliban.

Donald Trump: I did.

Bret Baier: And you said it was a good conversation, in which you said you both didn't want violence. However, on that same day, the Taliban launched some 50 attacks in Afghanistan, 40 of them in one province. There are many Americans really wondering -- and the U.S. struck back against the Taliban. There are many Americans wondering -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- very powerful.

Bret Baier: -- where the peace part of the Peace Plan is, and can you trust the Taliban?

Donald Trump: So these are warriors. We've been there for 20 years. We're really serving more as a law enforcement group than a military group. We could win that war very easily but I don't feel like killing millions of people in order to do it. We don't want to do that, you don't want to do that, nobody wants to do that.

Donald Trump: People are tired, even the biggest hawks are tired of being there. I had a very good conversation with him. There was a group that formed. And again, you know they have many tribes and they have many different -- it's hard for one -- there's not like perfectly one control. I spoke to a certain man who is the leader, but the leader has not -- it's not the easiest leadership position.

Bret Baier: Structure.

Donald Trump: And the structure is you know tribes all over the place. A tribe formed and a -- a group formed that was going to attack certain soldiers -- Afghan soldiers. And the military heard about it, and the military went and they took them out. That was it. I believe they really want to make a deal. I think after 19 -- actually going very close to 20 years, they're also tired of fighting, believe it or not.

Donald Trump: But they are warriors, and they are fighters and that's what they've done for a thousand years. You know just ask -- ask the Soviet Union, which became Russia because of Afghanistan. You know, it's a tough place.

Martha MacCallum: So given that, you have said that you want to, you know, end this. It's gone on for a long time. But what about the conditions on the ground, because, you know, General Mattis had a disagreement with you about pulling troops out of Syria and Afghanistan. If your generals tell you --

Donald Trump: Well, I was right. I was so right.

Martha MacCallum: If the generals say to you, Mr. President, we need more people not fewer people right now. What will you do?

Donald Trump: Well, Mattis said that, and I gave him more people for a short period of time and it didn't work out, and what we were doing is policing in -- [Crosstalk]

Bret Baier: But now with Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: -- Afghanistan. As far as Syria, I did pull them out. I pulled them out. We were -- we were securing the border between Turkey and Syria. I said why are we doing that? Turkey is big, Syria is fine; let them fight their own battles. What are we doing with our soldiers? Getting people killed. [Applause] Now, the one thing -- when I came in ISIS was all over Syria, all over Iraq.

Donald Trump: And we don't want them coming to us, and it was a mess. You understand that very well. And I knocked out 100 percent of the -- of the territorial caliphate. 100 percent. We knocked the whole thing out -- [Crosstalk]

Martha MacCallum: But what about Afghanistan?

Donald Trump: No. But -- but just so you understand. So we knocked out the ISIS caliphate in vast amounts of the Middle East, and I did that fairly quickly when I came. Again, President Obama, it was all over the place. When I say we're not doing the borders, we did leave soldiers. We left soldiers because I kept the oil.

Donald Trump: And I was always against Iraq -- going into Iraq. I think it was one of the worst -- maybe the worst decision ever made. But I used to say, once they were in there, keep the oil. They never kept the oil. We have an oil area in -- near Syria and in Syria, we kept it. So the only soldiers I have over there, they're guarding the oil.

Donald Trump: We kept the oil. So we kept the treasure. That's OK.

Martha MacCallum: But if it takes more troops to keep the Taliban from taking over Afghanistan, is that something you would be willing to do or no?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, there's a big question about the government of Afghanistan. There's a big question about that whole situation in Afghanistan. We're getting along very well with everybody. We have to get our people back home. It's not fair. We're a police force over there. We're maintaining things. Eventually we have to leave.

Donald Trump: We don't want to stay there for another 20 years. We don't want to stay there for 100 years. We want our people to come back home. [Applause]

Bret Baier: All right. Lynette has our next question from the audience about division really in politics. Lynette.

Question: I'm sorry.

Bret Baier: There you go.

Donald Trump: Hi, Lynette.

Question: Hi, President Trump. I'm so happy to have you here.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: From the day you came down the escalator in Trump Towers I was on the Trump train.

Donald Trump: I like that. [Applause] I like you too. Thank you.

Question: And I -- I proudly wear my Trump pin every day of my life.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Great honor.

Question: My question is, we are so divided as a country. I have family members who do not speak to me and recently was told, if you support Trump you are no longer part of my life. How are you going to bring us together?

Donald Trump: So I -- I gave an answer before, success, but it's really a little bit more than that, because we've had great success, and there is a division, there's no question about it. Politicians have to be able to be civil. If they're not, you have to fight back. You have to. Otherwise we're not going to be -- there's a -- there's a movement on, and I call them the radical left Democrats, and it really is the radical left, because we have plenty of Democrats that are terrific and they want to see -- you know, let's get together, let's get things done.

Donald Trump: There's so many things we could do. We've done a lot. We've done more than any administration in three years in the history of our country for the first three years. And I say it all the time and the press doesn't even dispute me and they would do that. But we could do even so much more. We talked about a great question on the border and the border question's true, but we should get rid of the loopholes.

Donald Trump: You can't do that without Democrat votes. I really believe we're going to win this next election, and when we do the other side's going to say, OK that's it, let's get along. I really believe that. But we have to win the election. Good question. [Applause]

Bret Baier: All right. Mr. President, we're going to do a quick lightning round here. Short questions, short answers ideally. This one goes back to coronavirus in the beginning. You are a self proclaimed germaphobe. In the campaign, before the campaign, you didn't like to shake hands. You changed that. What do doctors --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not thrilled. [Laughter]

Bret Baier: Yes, yes. You're not thrilled. What do doctors tell you? Have you changed anything in the way that you operate?

Donald Trump: So yes, it's a great question, because I've always felt, you know, I don't know from the time I was a young guy I -- you know, I always felt the concept wasn't good, and then you'd read a lot of medical reports, it's not good. Now especially they're saying -- by the way, if there was ever a time that you could convince people not to shake hands, this could be it. OK. This could be it. [Crosstalk]

Bret Baier: So do an elbow or fist bump.

Donald Trump: But you know what I did -- you know what I did, I really -- I love the people of this country. You can't be a politician and not shake hands. People come in -- when I leave I'll be shaking hands with people. They want to shake your hand. They want to say hello. They want to hug you, they want to kiss you.

Donald Trump: I don't care. It doesn't -- you have to do that. If I went around, no, I don't shake -- can you imagine? I'm going to speak with a group of people and they like Trump and they come up; sir, thank you very -- I don't shake hands. It's over. I don't care how nicely you say it. The bottom line is I shake anybody's hand now.

Donald Trump: I'm proud of it. They're people that I love. They're people that I want to take care of. Now the concept of shaking hands since this -- you know, you're hearing a lot of stuff about trying not to shake hands. It hasn't stopped me at all but it is -- it is a little bit of a problem. But I got over it.

Bret Baier: -- two weeks.

Donald Trump: Well, I was kidding. You know you're not supposed to -- I heard the other day you're not supposed to touch your face. So I went on camera and I said listen, I haven't touched my face in weeks. Now, obviously I'm kidding. I said and I miss my face. And one of the networks said he said he didn't touch his face and they show pictures.

Donald Trump: So I don't know. These people.

Martha MacCallum: So you have -- you have said, you know, about being president, I didn't have to do this, you wanted to do it. What about your old life? Is there any little thing that you miss about your old life?

Donald Trump: I loved my old life. The day before I announced I was running for president that was the best period ever of my life. My company was the strongest it ever was, especially, you know, being in development and do real estate all over the world. I built a great company, but it was the strongest, because you have times when the markets go bad and then you have to fight and then the markets are good and you're doing great.

Donald Trump: It was the strongest period of my life. It was sort of the best period of my entire life. And then I announced I was going to run for president. And you know the greatest day of your life, they say, is the day before you announce you're running for president. I don't know if anybody's ever heard that but they do say that about people.

Donald Trump: But in my case I won. You know I won. I saw as an example they were using numbers and they were saying how much various people spent to become president. And Bloomberg spent like $550 million. It was in of all places "The New York Times." And this guy, Steyer, we call him impeachment Tom. How did that work out?

Donald Trump: Not too good. Tom Steyer spent $250 million. Another one -- another one -- I know Steve Forbes spent a lot. A lot of people spent a lot of money and I was sort of in the middle. In fact this is your own money, I spent $70 million. And they said lost, lost, lost, lost, lost. Donald Trump became president of the United States, lost, lost -- and I said isn't that cool.

Donald Trump: Isn't that cool. [Applause] You know. So, I love it. You know why I love it, because we are doing more than anybody can imagine. Even Right to Try. For years they wanted to have Right to Try, where we can use our medicines if somebody is terminally ill. So many things we're doing --

Martha MacCallum: But is there any little thing that you miss? You know, I mean -- I remember Michelle Obama said she missed, you know, sort of going shopping or walking down the aisles. I mean is there anything that you can't do now that you --

Donald Trump: Well, yes. I mean I can't walk down the street now, before I could. I was well known, and we had a very successful business, and even my show turned out to be a success. I had many top best sellers of things, you know.

Martha MacCallum: You were used to that. Yes.

Donald Trump: But -- but I could walk down the street, and I could actually walk into a store and it was, you know, fine. It was not like some nobody knew me, but it -- now, today if I ever suggested that to Secret Service -- you know, I think I'm going to walk down Pennsylvania Avenue and let's go shopping. [Laughter] So it's a lot different.

Donald Trump: So -- so I -- I do miss that. I miss that sort of free life. This is not a free life. But I love what we're doing because we're accomplishing more than anybody's ever -- I'm viewing it as we're saving this country. This country was going wrong. [Applause]

Bret Baier: Mr. President, very last question. Who -- who is your closest friend in Washington?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to say because I have a lot of close friends, I really do. You know I'm putting everybody in this fight. I get along great with our vice president. I keep hearing I'm replacing him. He's doing a phenomenal job. He's a great guy and a loyal guy, and he works so hard. Every day I read he's going to put this one, he's going to put that one, he's going to put -- if I did that would be a great act of disloyalty because he's been great.

Donald Trump: I speak to him a lot. But I speak to all of the senators a lot. I speak to all of the congressmen a lot. We have great people in Washington. And you have great Democrats too. I mean I speak to Democrats also, believe it or not. But we have great, great people in Washington, very smart people in Washington.

Donald Trump: And it's going to come together. It's going to come together, and it's going to be sooner than you think. [Applause]

Bret Baier: President Trump, we thank you very much. And thank you to our audience.

Martha MacCallum: Yes. Thank you very much, President Trump. Good to have you here tonight.

Bret Baier: I'll be back tomorrow for "Special Report."

Martha MacCallum: Great to have you with us. Thank you very much.

Bret Baier: Martha is on the other side of the break.

Martha MacCallum: So we're going to do "The Story" up on the balcony right after the break. So stick around for more. Thanks everyone.

Bret Baier: Good night everyone.

Martha MacCallum: Good night everyone.

Bret Baier: Thank you very much.

Martha MacCallum: Thank you very much.