Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-leaked-interview-60-minutes-lesley-stahl-october-22-2020

Note: [This is a transcript of a single camera view of the interview between Donald Trump and Lesley Stahl. There appear to be no edits or breaks from beginning to end. Other than cleaning the audio to remove noise, video is unchanged as released by Donald Trump on his campaign Facebook page.]

Lesley Stahl: Are you ready for some tough questions?

Donald Trump: You're gonna be fair.

Lesley Stahl: Are you ta -- I'm gonna be fair.

Donald Trump: Just be fair.

Lesley Stahl: But last time I remember you saying to me, "Bring it on. Bring it on now."

Donald Trump: No, I'm not looking for that. I'm looking for fairness, that's all.

Lesley Stahl: You will get fairness, but you're okay with some tough questions?

Donald Trump: No, I'm not.

Lesley Stahl: You're not okay with tough questions.

Donald Trump: I want it to be fair. You, you don't ask Biden tough questions.

Lesley Stahl: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Lesley Stahl: I don't need to. I -- I --

Donald Trump: It's terrible. It's terrible.

Lesley Stahl: I haven't interviewed him.

Donald Trump: You know that. Okay. Are you ready?

Lesley Stahl: Everybody ready?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. Can I start?

Unidentified: One second. Lesley [Inaudible] She'll be fine.

Lesley Stahl: Am I okay?

Unidentified: You're good.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. You ready? So, we have the pa -- pandemic. On your watch we've had racial strife, we've had looting. Why do you want this job? Why do you want to be president again?

Donald Trump: Because we've done a great job and it's not finished yet. And when I finish this country will be in a position like it hasn't been maybe ever. Uh, the economy is already rolling back. And uh, other people aren't gonna bring it back. Certainly the person that we're dealing with is not gonna bring it back.

Donald Trump: They're gonna raise taxes. They're gonna take away your second amendment. They're gonna do things that nobody would even believe. It's radical. There's never been anything like it. You know, we are --

Lesley Stahl: Let me ask you --

Donald Trump: We are positioned like never before. We're gonna have a fantastic year next year.

Lesley Stahl: Let me ask you what you think your um, the biggest domestic priority is for you right now.

Donald Trump: Um, well, ultimately, let, let me, and I'll tell you, it was happening. We created the greatest economy in the history of our country. And the other side was trying --

Lesley Stahl: You know -- you know that's not true.

Donald Trump: It is totally true.

Lesley Stahl: No.

Donald Trump: Best unemployment numbers, best employment numbers. 106 million people working. Highest stock market price. You wouldn't say that to Biden, what you just said to me if he had it, if he had it, you would never say that to Biden. We had the best stock market price ever. And we're getting close to that price again.

Donald Trump: We had the best, everything was the best. Our companies were doing better than they've ever done before. You cannot even think about talking about that.

Lesley Stahl: Well, I don't, I'm not gonna fact check you. You know, I'm not gonna do that.

Donald Trump: You don't have to fact check me. I mean, excuse me. The stock market was at it's highest. The unemployment numbers for African Americans, for Asian Americans, for Hispanic Americans, for everybody were the best. Every number, virtually every number was the best. We had the best economy ever and what was happening is, things were coming together.

Lesley Stahl: W -- well, I asked you what your single biggest priority was.

Donald Trump: No, I'm, I'm gonna say that.

Lesley Stahl: Oh.

Donald Trump: And the other side was starting call, let's get together. There was going to be unity. And then we got hit with the plague and we had to do it again. And we closed it up and I saved millions of lives, millions of lives we saved. And now the economy is growing again at record numbers. 11.4 million people employed in the last short periods of --

Lesley Stahl: What is the priority? I mean, those are all --

Donald Trump: The priority now is to get back to normal. Get back to where we were. To have the economy rage and be great with jobs and everybody be happy. And that's where we're going and that's where we're headed.

Lesley Stahl: And who is our biggest foreign adversary?

Donald Trump: I would say China, they're an adversary. They're a competitor. They're a foe in many ways, but they're an adversary. Uh, I think what happened was disgraceful. Should never have happened. Should, they should never have allowed this plague to get out of China and go throughout the world. 188 vectors, should never have happened.

Lesley Stahl: So they're, so --

Unidentified: Lesley, one second please. We found one that should do it.

Donald Trump: What's wrong?

Unidentified: The, the flag is wobbly I think because it's under the vent perhaps behind you. His hair smoothed down a little bit. Um, we're mediating it, right?

Donald Trump: It doesn't look nice blowing in the background?

Lesley Stahl: No, it's distracting.

Unidentified: Hello? Yes, turn the air off. I think we got it guys.

Lesley Stahl: I'm, I'm going with or without you guys.

Unidentified: It's, it's not moving.

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. At this stage four years ago, you were behind in the poles as you are now and you pulled it out. But this time you have kind of a double migraine. You have unemployment claims going up, you have COVID cases going up. I mean, it's like the gods have suddenly decided, decided to conspire against you.

Donald Trump: I don't think so at all, no.

Lesley Stahl: Well, what --

Donald Trump: I think we've done a great job with COVID. And we've hired --

Lesley Stahl: Yeah, but the numbers are going up.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, 11.4 million people. Why, because the last report was a little bit, just a little bit off. And this is for that?

Lesley Stahl: No, sir. Excuse me, cases are up in about 40 states.

Donald Trump: Okay. You know why cases are up also? Because we do more testing. If we didn't do testing, cases would be way down.

Lesley Stahl: Yeah, but why are you saying they're not up? You know well, pe -- You're saying things that people [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Uh, no, no. What I'm saying to you, Lesley is the following. We do more testing than any country in the world by far. Second is India with 1.5 billion people. We do more testing. If we did half the testing, we'd have half the cases. If we did no testing, like many countries, we would have very few cases.

Donald Trump: Because we do such much testing, the fake news media loves to say cases are up. The fact is we've done a very, very good job.

Lesley Stahl: Cases are [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We have done -- That's right, because we're doing so much testing.

Lesley Stahl: But cases -- Will you at least say cases are up?

Donald Trump: Yes, cases are up because we are doing tremendous testing. And we're finding where there's a problem. Testing is a good thing, but it's also very misleading.

Lesley Stahl: When you're out there saying, "We've turned the corner. This thing is disappearing."

Donald Trump: That's right. We have turned --

Lesley Stahl: And people can see --

Donald Trump: -- [Crosstalk] corner. We have turned [Crosstalk] --

Lesley Stahl: People can see --

Donald Trump: -- corner.

Lesley Stahl: -- cases going up all over the, in the Midwest, in the Mountain West, record numbers of cases in some states.

Donald Trump: We have turned a corner. We understand the disease. We understand the elderly, and we're taking of them at a level like nobody's ever taken care of the elderly, especially the elderly with diabetes problems, heart problems. We are taking care of them like nobody's ever taken care of 'em. We also understand youth. 99.9% -- As an example, Baron had it.

Donald Trump: And it was gone in no time. It was just [Inaudible] he had it. It was gone, hardly even knew he even had it. So, we are taking care of our people. But uh, we've done a great job with the ventilators, with the equipment, with stocking governors that were not stocked. We've made a lot of governors look very good that shouldn't look good.

Donald Trump: And that's okay with me.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. Let me, let me ask you something about suburban women.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: You said the other day to suburban women, "Can you please like me? Please [Crosstalk]"

Donald Trump: Oh, I didn't say that. You know, that's so misleading the way -- I say jokingly, "Suburban women, you should love me because I'm giving you security. And I got rid of the worst regulation." See, the way you said that --

Lesley Stahl: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- is why people think of you and everyone else as fake news. I said, kiddingly, "Suburban women, women, you should love me. I got rid of a regulation that would --

Lesley Stahl: You said [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- that would bring low income housing into suburbia that is destroying -- That would destroy suburbia." And I said that in a joking way. The way you have it is like, "Oh -- " Like I'm begging. I'm, I'm kidding. Play it, and I'm kidding. That is such a misleading question, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: But you're behind with suburban women in the polls.

Donald Trump: I doubt it. I doubt it. I really doubt it.

Lesley Stahl: None of the [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I'm saving suburbia. He's gonna destroy suburbia. He's got a regulation, which I terminated, that he would put back, and even worse, that will destroy -- That will bring low income housing projects into suburbia. And women understand that. And they really learned about it over the last two, three weeks.

Donald Trump: I terminated the worst regulation you could possibly have. It's gone. And suburban women appreciate it. They want security. They want safety. Look, I've been endorsed by almost every police department, almost every law enforcement group in the country. He's been endorsed by almost nobody. Suburban women want security.

Lesley Stahl: But the polls show that you're behind [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Nuh-uh.

Lesley Stahl: And one reasons [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: You're not looking at recent polls.

Lesley Stahl: One of the reasons is that they don't feel you're being upfront about the pandemic. And when you say --

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: -- "We're, you know [Inaudible] we're rounding the corner" [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We are rounding [Crosstalk] We are rounding [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: [Crosstalk] deliberately like to downplay this.

Donald Trump: We are rounding the corner.

Lesley Stahl: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We're rounding the corner. We're doing well. We're doing well. We understand the disease. I saved millions of people. You know, 2.2. million people were supposed to die. You go back and you look at your models, models, 2.2 million people. We saved tremendous numbers of people. Plus, I closed it very early from China, heavily infected, and even from Europe, heavily infected.

Donald Trump: We've done a good job. We've maybe a great job. What we haven't done a good job on is convincing people like you because you really quite impossible to convince. But that's okay. And the economy, now, is coming back. And it's coming back very strongly. And people see that, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: There are more unemployment claims, and the economy has kind of s -- stalled [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Lesley, we just picked up 11.4 million jobs. It's the largest number in the history --

Lesley Stahl: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- of our country in a short period of time.

Lesley Stahl: I mean, how, how --

Donald Trump: Lesley --

Lesley Stahl: -- [Crosstalk] ignore that?

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk] We just picked up 11.4 million jobs it's, in a short period of time. It's the largest number in the history of our country.

Lesley Stahl: Well [Inaudible] are you denying that unemployment claims have gone up [Crosstalk]?

Donald Trump: What I'm saying is we got hit by something. It's not my faul --Not your fault. We got hit from something that came out of China. I got stuck with it, and let me tell you, before it happened we were doing so good, and now we're going to be doing, and we are, we are doing good. But --

Lesley Stahl: Well --

Donald Trump: Look at, look at as an example, last week, a few days ago, Gallup did a poll, 56 percent of the people said that they're better off now, during a pandemic, than they were doing Obama and Biden. 56 percent. It was a record number. Right?

Lesley Stahl: Yes, but I want to know if you're, if you're, what? Ignoring the fact that there are unemployment claims --

Donald Trump: No, I don't ignored anything.

Lesley Stahl: Okay, well what, what, what are you saying?

Donald Trump: Well, what I'm saying is that we got hit with somebody, it's not our fault, we got hit.

Lesley Stahl: I know, but what is --

Donald Trump: And we've done a good job. Not a good job, we've done a great job. Remember that number, a very important number. 56 percent say they're happier now than they were four years ago under Biden and Obama. Right? I'll put his name first. Biden and Obama. And they didn't have the pandemic, although Biden did have a big problem with H1N1, which he says in reverse.

Donald Trump: With the H1N1 Swine Flu, and it was a disaster. And his own Chief of Staff said it was a total disaster, they didn't know what they were doing.

Lesley Stahl: But, can we go back for one second to the pandemic? Because, um, you called Doctor Fauci, and other health officials, "idiots." And I'm wondering -- I'm wondering if you think --

Donald Trump: Doctor Fauci -- Where did I call -- Where did I call him that name? Wh --

Lesley Stahl: I'm wondering if you think --

Donald Trump: Where did I call him an idiot?

Lesley Stahl: You called them idiots. I wonder if you think --

Donald Trump: Well, he's been wrong a lot. I like him, but he's been wrong.

Lesley Stahl: I, I wonder if you think that masks don't work? Because Doctor Fauci said --

Donald Trump: Well, Doctor Fauci originally said -- Well, it's a very complex subject.

Lesley Stahl: But what do you say? Do you say masks don't work?

Donald Trump: Well, let me just tell you. You mentioned Doctor -- Doctor Fauci said, "Don't wear masks." Then he said, "Well --

Lesley Stahl: I -- What do you say?

Donald Trump: I say that -- I -- I feel masks possibly work, but certainly you want to stay away, a certain distance, socially distance, etcetera. But, I would say a mask works, and I have nothing against masks, and I tell people to wear masks. I don't have a problem.

Lesley Stahl: Well tell me then about these rallies you've been having. The people --

Donald Trump: A lot of people are wearing masks, and they're outside.

Lesley Stahl: A lot of people aren't. I -- I'm watching all these people jammed in together and I'm seeing most of them without masks, and I'm wondering the message that you're sending with these pictures coming up on social --

Donald Trump: Take a look. Yesterday we were in Arizona, record setting rallies, numbers of people like nobody's seen before. Many, many, masks. I watch --

Lesley Stahl: You say [Inaudible] rallies.

Donald Trump: What?

Lesley Stahl: You, you used to have bigger rallies.

Donald Trump: No, these are much bigger than I ever had.

Lesley Stahl: I don't want to [Inaudible] all of that. Tell me about the masks then.

Donald Trump: You know, you, you're so negative. These are the biggest rallies we've ever had. You just come in here with that negative attitude. These are the biggest rallies that we've ever had. [Crosstalk] We are having numbers like we've never had.

Lesley Stahl: Tell me about the masks.

Donald Trump: There is more -- Excuse me, no, but you made a statement. There's more enthusiasm right now for us then we ever had before, ever. And you will see that in a short period of time.

Lesley Stahl: Well, what about the masks?

Donald Trump: A lot of people are wearing masks. I mean, I looked yesterday, a lot of people were, and it's outdoor. They want it outdoor and we're doing it outdoor.

Lesley Stahl: But I can't believe after what happened in the Rose Garden, here, after the announcement with all the people getting sick.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: That you are not being more strongly encouraging about wearing masks to your rallies.

Donald Trump: I am. I tell people to wear masks.

Lesley Stahl: No you don't.

Donald Trump: Lesley, we handout thousands of masks, and if we --

Lesley Stahl: But you look out, and they're not wearing them, and you don't say, "Please put on your mask."

Donald Trump: Well, have you been looking? Yesterday, take a look at, uh, take a look yesterday in Arizona. Everybody behind me had a mask.

Lesley Stahl: But I'm looking at other places. I'm looking at Wisconsin, which is a hotspot.

Donald Trump: Right, right. A lot of people had masks and it was outside.

Lesley Stahl: A lot of people without masks and you don't get up there and say, "Look," you know, "come on, I don't want you to get sick."

Donald Trump: Okay, but I -- What's your, what's next question, Lesley? We're outside, the rallies are bigger than they've ever been, there's more enthusiasm than we've ever had. There has never been anything like what you're witnessing now, and you'll see that soon.

Lesley Stahl: Okay, but I'm asking you about masks, not about the size of your rallies. I'm asking if wearing masks --

Donald Trump: You commented on the size of the rallies.

Lesley Stahl: I know, but I'm asking you --

Donald Trump: You said they're not as big as they used to be, and I'm telling you they're much bigger.

Lesley Stahl: Okay, but I'm asking you now about the masks. Why aren't you getting up there and saying, [Crosstalk] "I had it. I don't want you to get it, so please put your mask on."

Donald Trump: Lesley, we handout masks to everybody that comes to the rally. We tell them to wear their masks.

Lesley Stahl: And you don't, and they love you, and they --

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't know, Lesley. I tell them wear them.

Lesley Stahl: If they heard you saying --

Donald Trump: I have no problem, no problem.

Lesley Stahl: They love you, they would [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Next question? Enjoy it. Go on.

Lesley Stahl: Anything you said

Donald Trump: Uh -- I hope you're right. All right.

Lesley Stahl: Okay. Um, this is -- Okay. I'll ask you another health question. Okay?

Donald Trump: Right

Lesley Stahl: Um, you promised that there was gonna be a new heath package -- Healthcare plan.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Lesley Stahl: You said that it was gonna be great, you said that it's ready, it's gonna be ready --

Donald Trump: It will be

Lesley Stahl: -- it's all ready. It'll be here in two weeks, it's gonna be like nothing you've ever seen before, and of course we haven't seen it. So why didn't you develop the healthcare --

Donald Trump: It is developed. It is fully developed. It's going to be announced very soon, when we see what happens with Obamacare, which is not good. When we see what happens with Obamacare.

Lesley Stahl: But if the Supreme Court --

Donald Trump: And it will be much less expensive than Obamacare, which is a disaster. And it will take care of people with pre-existing conditions.

Lesley Stahl: But your plan was to repeal and replace, and if the Supreme Court finishes Obamacare, there will be all these people stranded --

Donald Trump: No there won't.

Lesley Stahl: Because there's no replacement deal.

Donald Trump: We will make a deal. And we will have a great healthcare plan.

Lesley Stahl: But you keep saying that.

Donald Trump: With less expensive -- A less expensive and a much better plan.

Lesley Stahl: Why haven't we seen it?

Donald Trump: You have seen it. I've been putting out pieces all over the place. And we actually have plans. And we have 180 million people, right now, have a plan. And you haven't been watching. You haven't been watching.

Lesley Stahl: But what about the pre-existing people with pre-existing conditions? If the Supreme Court --

Donald Trump: I'll protect it. We'll be totally protected.

Lesley Stahl: How?

Donald Trump: They'll be protected, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: How? How?

Donald Trump: The people with pre-existing conditions --

Lesley Stahl: How?

Donald Trump: -- are going to be protected.

Lesley Stahl: How?

Donald Trump: As they are now.

Lesley Stahl: How?

Donald Trump: In any plan we do --

Lesley Stahl: But the [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- they will be protected. Lesley, people with pre-existing conditions will be always protected. Always.

Lesley Stahl: But if -- If the Supreme Court ends this, Obamacare, um --

Donald Trump: Well, we'll have to see what happens. It's got a ways to go, I mean, we'll see what happens. I think it'll end, uh -- I think -- I -- I hope that they end it. It'll be so good if they end it.

Lesley Stahl: But if they end it --

Donald Trump: Because we will come up with a plan which will be a --

Lesley Stahl: You won't.

Donald Trump: Yeah we will.

Lesley Stahl: But you said it would already --

Donald Trump: We have large sections of it already done. And we've already come up with plans, take a look at your various secretaries, various plans that we've already come up with. And also, you know, a large part of this country has private health insurance.

Lesley Stahl: Yes.

Donald Trump: 180 million people. And under that -- Biden, he doesn't have any clue, but under that 180 million people will lose their healthcare. And a load of socialized medicine. And that's not gonna be acceptable.

Lesley Stahl: Okay.

Donald Trump: 180 million people, Lesley, will go to socialized medicine. It won't be -- It will not be acceptable.

Lesley Stahl: And if the Affordable Care Act is determined to be unconstitutional --

Donald Trump: Then we're gonna have a new, and we're gonna have new, and it's gonna be very good. And it's gonna --

Lesley Stahl: You keep saying that and don't show it to us. And so people with pre-existing conditions --

Donald Trump: We've come up with many plans, Lesley. And we have -- They're already in existence. If -- I'll tell you what, after this interview I will show you short-term, longer-term -- I'll show you different plans. We've come up with many plans. And we've got the individual mandate act -- You know the individual mandate is done.

Donald Trump: That was the worst part of Obamacare. That's the --

Lesley Stahl: Okay, I -- All of that, I grant you. All of that. But is -- If there's no plan -- A replacement plan --

Donald Trump: Right

Lesley Stahl: And the Supreme Court says that Obamacare goes away, people with pre-existing conditions will be stranded.

Donald Trump: Nuh-uh.

Lesley Stahl: And that's just a fact.

Donald Trump: It's wrong.

Lesley Stahl: No.

Donald Trump: It's wrong. A new plan will happen.

Lesley Stahl: But will --

Donald Trump: And we will do anything -- Will, and is. We will do anything and no plan unless we have pre-existing conditions covered. And the individual mandate, which you don't want to mention, was terminated. It was terminated. Individual mandate was terminated. That is the biggest thing that's happened, and that actually makes Obamacare not Obamacare.

Donald Trump: Because under that, you would pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health insurance. We got it terminated. Terminated, through the legislation. Signed. Done. That means Obamacare is no longer Obamacare. We got rid of the most important element of Obamacare, and it was the worst element of Obamacare that nobody wanted, nobody liked.

Donald Trump: So Obamacare essentially was terminated as we know it. Now, we have the carcass of Obamacare.

Lesley Stahl: Well, part of the carcass is pre-exist --

Donald Trump: We've managed it well. Lesley we've managed it well -- know I -- a choice to make, when we -- rid of these individual mandate, nobody believed we could that -- I -- it -- had a choice to make, do I manage -- remainder of whatever's left of this whole thing called Obamacare, which is no good, do I manage it well or manage it badly?

Donald Trump: If I manage it well, meh, politically maybe that's -- good.

Lesley Stahl: What is it -- want to [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I decided to manage it well.

Lesley Stahl: Do -- want to leave -- I mean [Crosstalk] probably would.

Donald Trump: No, I don't wanna leave -- I wanna -- what happens. Here's what happens --

Lesley Stahl: Well -- why -- leave it?

Donald Trump: We -- be stuck with it if we lose in -- Supreme Court, in which case we're wasting a -- of words. If we win, we will come up with a much -- we will do that, come up with a much better healthcare -- much less money. Always protecting people with pre-existing conditions.

Lesley Stahl: Um -- you gonna -- that -- didn't -- this? Because I -- you -- this on television.

Donald Trump: Go ahead -- you're, you're only trying to -- I wish you, I wish -- would interview -- Biden like -- interview -- It would be so good -- know what?

Lesley Stahl: You make this so far. I -- my response. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I don't remember. I don't remember -- when I watch -- walk -- of a store, he's in -- midst of a scandal -- family is corrupt, okay? He's corrupt, he's a corrupt politician -- he's walking with an -- cream -- the question -- media asks him, "What kind of -- cream? What flavor -- cream do -- have?" And, he's in -- midst of a scandal.

Lesley Stahl: He is not.

Donald Trump: And, he's taking -- of course he -- Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: He's not -- Come on.

Donald Trump: Of course he -- See that --

Lesley Stahl: You know -- had -- Senate -- Republicans --

Donald Trump: So -- like, you're like, you're like -- Tech, you're protecting -- and everyone -- except -- a -- people. [Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: No, you're exaggerating. You're, you're taking something that -- investigated by a Republican committee --

Donald Trump: Lesley -- me ask -- me -- you -- think it's okay -- the Mayor of Moscow's wife to give -- millions -- millions of dollars, three -- a half million dollars, to give -- family from there. Do -- think it's okay -- Hunter Biden to say, to -- that we're giving, we're giving -- big -- 10% of this massive amount of money that they're taking -- Do -- think it's okay -- all of these horrible things that you've seen where they're getting hundreds of thousands -- millions of dollars, where China gives them a billion -- a half dollars to manage -- family.

Donald Trump: A billion -- a half dollars -- then he's supposed to negotiate -- me tell you. It's -- biggest scan -- second biggest scandal -- biggest scandal -- when they spied on my campaign. They spied on my campaign, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: There's no e -- evidence of that.

Donald Trump: Of course there -- it's -- over -- place.

Lesley Stahl: No.

Donald Trump: Lesley, they spied on my campaign -- they -- caught.

Lesley Stahl: Sir, can -- I -- something -- know, this is 60 Minutes -- we can't -- on things we can't verify.

Donald Trump: You won't -- it on because it's -- for Biden.

Lesley Stahl: We can't -- on things we can't verify.

Donald Trump: Look -- me tell you. Lesley, they spied on my campaign.

Lesley Stahl: But we can't verify it.

Donald Trump: It's been totally verified.

Lesley Stahl: No.

Donald Trump: It's been, just go down -- get -- papers. They spied on my campaign. They -- caught.

Lesley Stahl: No.

Donald Trump: And then they went much further than that -- they -- caught -- you will -- that, Lesley -- you know that -- you just don't want to -- it on -- air.

Lesley Stahl: No, a -- as a matter of fact, I don't know that.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Lesley Stahl: And you're -- there --

Donald Trump: So -- don't -- get back to your interview -- let's go.

Lesley Stahl: I'll move -- all right -- so -- said in -- briefing room, nobody likes -- I can, it -- only be my personality.

Donald Trump: I said that jokingly. That is sarcastic. Nobody likes -- it must be my personality. I -- it -- the time. Nobody likes -- it must be my personality. I -- it -- the time, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: Do -- think that your tweets -- your name calling -- turning people off?

Donald Trump: No, I think I wouldn't be here if I didn't have social media because -- media is -- corrupt. [Crosstalk] In my opinion -- media is corrupt. But, but --

Lesley Stahl: I know, when -- were talking --

Donald Trump: The media is fake -- frankly, if I didn't have social media -- have no -- of getting -- my voice.

Lesley Stahl: You know what -- told me a long time -- when I asked -- you keep saying fake when -- were here -- said to -- "I -- that because I need to dis -- discredit you, so that when -- say negative things about me no -- will believe it."

Donald Trump: I don't have to discredit you.

Lesley Stahl: That's what -- told me.

Donald Trump: You've discredited yourself.

Lesley Stahl: You told me that.

Donald Trump: Lesley, you've discredited yourself. When -- say that you're -- gonna cover Biden, you're gonna -- him what flavor -- cream he has, okay.

Lesley Stahl: That's -- news.

Donald Trump: Instead -- why -- Hunter -- three -- a half million dollars from Moscow? Instead -- why is an energy company paying your -- $183,000 a month or whatever they're paying -- and he -- not experience in energy -- know -- discredit yourself. I don't have to discredit you.

Lesley Stahl: So, so this story about Hunter -- his laptop. Some repair shop found -- The source is -- Steve Bannon -- Rudy Giuliani -- you're making this --

Donald Trump: I don't know anything about that. I just know it's a laptop -- they have -- seven --

Lesley Stahl: And you're making this one of the hottest, most important issues in [Inaudible] And I --

Donald Trump: I don't know about in the general election --

Lesley Stahl: This is the most important issue in the country right now --

Donald Trump: It's a very important issue, to find out whether or not [Crosstalk] a man screw up who's running for President? Who's accepted money from China [Crosstalk] and from Ukraine, and from Russia?

Lesley Stahl: All he's saying --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think that's an important issue.

Lesley Stahl: -- has been investigated and this, a --

Donald Trump: It's incredible the way you can try and say this, and sit there and look me in the eye, and say --

Lesley Stahl: A Republican committee --

Donald Trump: -- He accepted monies, his family, from Russia, from Ukraine, from China, and from other places.

Lesley Stahl: And a Republican --

Donald Trump: -- His brother, who didn't have experience became a big builder in Iraq, without experience. Take a look at what's going on, Lesley, and then, you say how that shouldn't be discussed.

Lesley Stahl: I'm saying --

Donald Trump: It's the biggest scandal out there, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: -- And you think it's the biggest issue to campaign that.

Donald Trump: I think it's a s -- I think it's one of the biggest scandals I've ever seen. And you don't cover it.

Lesley Stahl: Biggest sc --

Donald Trump: You want to talk about --

Lesley Stahl: -- Well, because it can't be verified. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: You wanna talk about --

Lesley Stahl: I'm, I'm telling you --

Donald Trump: -- insignificant things.

Lesley Stahl: I'm telling you --

Donald Trump: Of course it can be verified. [Crosstalk] Excuse me, they found the laptop. Lesley, listen --

Lesley Stahl: It can't be verified.

Donald Trump: What can't be verified?

Lesley Stahl: The laptop.

Donald Trump: Why do you say that?

Lesley Stahl: Because --

Donald Trump: Even the family hasn't --

Lesley Stahl: -- the laptop --

Donald Trump: -- The family, on the laptop, he's gone into hiding. For five days, he's gone into hiding.

Lesley Stahl: He's preparing for your debate.

Donald Trump: Well, it's taking him five days to prepare? I doubt it. I do. Okay. All right.

Lesley Stahl: So let's get back to the main part. Okay? And, uh, and whether you think it's turning people off.

Donald Trump: No, [Inaudible] look, it is what it is.

Lesley Stahl: We're all Biden's students.

Donald Trump: Where are we sitting, ma'am? What are -- Where are we sitting?

Lesley Stahl: In the Roosevelt Room.

Donald Trump: Of what?

Lesley Stahl: Of the White House.

Donald Trump: That's right. And how did I get here? How did I get here? We're in the White House.

Lesley Stahl: And what are you saying? Oh, what, by name calling? You think that that -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: No, I'm not name calling. By, you know, doing the right thing. And, we've, we had a great record. I mean, we got hit by a Pandemic, wasn't my fault. But, it wasn't. It was China's fault. But, but, Lesley --

Lesley Stahl: The reason --

Donald Trump: -- We're in the White House. The press is very bias. Very, very bias. And, and I'm not talking about --

Lesley Stahl: You're trying to discredit us --

Donald Trump: No.

Lesley Stahl: Yes.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not discred -- You're discrediting yourselves, Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: No, you are.

Donald Trump: Lesley, you're discrediting yourself. When you don't go after Biden, when, with the corruption in the Biden family --

Lesley Stahl: Why are you questioning me about going after Biden? You've asked me five, six --

Donald Trump: When you don't --

Lesley Stahl: -- seven times.

Donald Trump: -- When you don't go after, uh, what happened in the Russia Witch Hunt, which turned out to be a total phony, with no collusion. No collusion whatsoever. When you don't do that, you discredit yourself. The press, you know, is highly discredited right now. You do know that? So, you're discrediting yourself.

Lesley Stahl: Half -- Half the country loves you. But the other half doesn't. And I'm wondering why you just --

Donald Trump: They were starting to Lesley. When the economy was, prior to the, just prior to the, you know, the, to the plague, they were starting to really like -- We were all starting to like each other. It was coming together. There was going to be a lot of s --

Lesley Stahl: I've heard --

Donald Trump: -- unification.

Lesley Stahl: -- you say that, before. And I don't think it was coming to that --

Donald Trump: And I'm just telling you.

Lesley Stahl: -- I think we've had disunity --

Donald Trump: People were calling me --

Lesley Stahl: -- Un, unfortunately --

Donald Trump: -- People were calling me about coming together. And then we got hit by the plague, and now we're rebuilding it again, and starting new.

Lesley Stahl: And are you, do you think that you do anything to unify the country?

Donald Trump: I do. I think I do unify the country. I think I will unify the country. It's called success. Where our country becomes, again --

Lesley Stahl: What about the rabid partisanship in the country? Let me as -- Do you take any responsibility for the country being divided against itself. Do you feel that?

Donald Trump: I'd like not to, but, you know, perhaps everybody has to take a little responsibility for it. But when people put out phony witch hunts, you know, when they fight in your campaign, you have to fight back. And if you don't fight back, you're not sitting here very long, you go back home.

Lesley Stahl: I'm, I --

Donald Trump: You go back home to mommy.

Lesley Stahl: I'm, I'm s -- I'm, I've been listening to you for however long we've been here, and it's just attack, attack, attack, attack, attack.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. I mean, look, I, I -- You know, it's not attack.

Lesley Stahl: It is.

Donald Trump: It's defense. It's defense --

Lesley Stahl: No, I --

Donald Trump: -- against attacks.

Lesley Stahl: No, you've been attacking. You've been --

Donald Trump: It's defense against attacks.

Lesley Stahl: You're, you're very [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: I don't think so. I mean, I don't view it that way. I'm defending myself, and I'm defending the Institution of The Presidency. Very important, I think.

Lesley Stahl: Can, can you, um --

Donald Trump: Hi, Mike. Are you having a good time on that [Inaudible]?

Mike Pence: You know that I do.

Donald Trump: You know, Mike?

Mike Pence: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: -- our great Vice President?

Lesley Stahl: I do.

Donald Trump: You think she'd ask questions like this of, uh --

Mike Pence: Huh.

Lesley Stahl: Wow.

Donald Trump: -- uh, I don't think so. [Crosstalk] You'd think she asks questions like this in general?

Lesley Stahl: Can you, um, can you um characterize, uh, your supporters? Can you --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think I can. People that love our country. And people that don't want to see the stores get looted and burned down, and people that don't want to see riots, and they don't want to see anarchists. Yeah, I think I can.

Lesley Stahl: And --

Donald Trump: These are people that love our country --

Lesley Stahl: You might --

Donald Trump: And they don't like to see --

Lesley Stahl: If you don't see --

Donald Trump: They don't like to see policemen get shot and not be able to defend themselves. They don't like to see rioting in the middle of fifth avenue or in the middle of other streets in Portland, or other places. And they like it when their president gets the endorsement of virtually every police group and frankly, almost everybody having to do with law and order.

Donald Trump: Positive law and order. But you know what they are? They're people that love our country. More than anything else. And they like to see our country thrive.

Lesley Stahl: But do you think that when you hold rallies and encourage people to say lock her up [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I don't encourage them, they say it.

Lesley Stahl: And you [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Hilary Clinton deleted, she deleted 33,000 emails after she got a subpoena from the United States government.

Lesley Stahl: Wh -- why does, why does --

Donald Trump: No, no that's illegal.

Lesley Stahl: I know, but why --

Donald Trump: Why somebody doesn't do something about it --

Lesley Stahl: [Crosstalk] But Why is this still an issue? I -- I-[Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: To me it's an issue.

Lesley Stahl: She [Inaudible] last time.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, when they say lock her up, it's not me. They say it. It starts. It ends up being --

Lesley Stahl: You encourage it.

Donald Trump: I don't encourage it.

Lesley Stahl: Yes you do.

Donald Trump: No, if I mention her name about something, they go crazy.

Lesley Stahl: Well what about the governor of Michigan, who had had this plot that pe -- people were gonna [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't know anything about [Crosstalk] the plot but I can tell you

Lesley Stahl: I'm tellin you about the plot.

Donald Trump: It was our justice department that is the one that's helping her.

Lesley Stahl: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: My justice department if you call it that. [Crosstalk] It was our justice department that's helping her. And, you know, people aren't so -- they're not liking her so much cause she's got everybody locked down. Now we just won the supreme court where [Inaudible] The only one she doesn't have locked down is her husband, who went sailing and did things that he wasn't supposed to be doing.

Lesley Stahl: You are very powerful. And the people who love you, love you with a passion. And if you go after somebody, like you've been going after her --

Donald Trump: I haven't gone after her.

Lesley Stahl: They take it to heart and they, there are plots and threats and the same [Crosstalk] You did?

Donald Trump: I've helped her. [Crosstalk] It was our justice department that's helping her.[Crosstalk]

Lesley Stahl: You criticized her.

Donald Trump: Well I do criticize her, yeah.

Lesley Stahl: Well that's [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I think the way she locked down Michigan is a disgrace. [Crosstalk] The way she closed churches in Michigan is a disgrace. Yeah, I think it's disgraceful. What she's done. I do.

Lesley Stahl: You want to lock her up?

Donald Trump: And by the way that's other -- of course not. That's other, that's other governors also. They happened to be democrats. And they've closed up their states and they're posing a lot of problems with these lock downs. Suicide, drugs, alcohol. A lot of bad things are happening, and they should open up their states.

Donald Trump: Carefully, but they should open up their states.

Lesley Stahl: Well when you say open up, you don't say carefully. You say open up. You're not, you don't have --

Donald Trump: Oh I say --

Lesley Stahl: You don't have an aggressive program to say open up with masks. Open up with social distancing.

Donald Trump: The governors run their states.

Lesley Stahl: No but the message comes from you.

Donald Trump: We help them a lot. But the governors run their states.

Lesley Stahl: You are the --

Donald Trump: And the governors have to do what they have to do.

Lesley Stahl: But you --

Donald Trump: But when they lock down Michigan, she's doing a tremendous disservice.

Lesley Stahl: Well what about you saying --

Donald Trump: Same thing with Pennsylvania, same thing with North Carolina

Lesley Stahl: What about, what about you saying --

Donald Trump: These are democrat governors and they're doing a great disservice.

Lesley Stahl: What about you saying let's open up but let's wear masks. [Crosstalk] You don't.

Donald Trump: I'm saying, I'm not against masks at all.

Lesley Stahl: But you're not for them.

Donald Trump: I say sure I am. Wear em. Wear em. But I also say socially distance. I say all things. I -- you know what, well, look, with you, nothing I said would be any good Lesley.

Lesley Stahl: That's not true Mr. President.

Donald Trump: It's okay.

Lesley Stahl: That's not true.

Donald Trump: But in the meantime, we're having a record government, because if you look, we're the fastest growing nation in the world after this pandemic. By far. And we sunk less than any other nation relevantly speaking and we're coming back very strong. Very, very strong.

Lesley Stahl: So you, you don't want to lock up governors. [Crosstalk] You want to lock her up. Obama --

Donald Trump: When did I say lock her up? When did I say lock up the governor? I didn't say lock up the governor.

Lesley Stahl: All right. But you [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Why would I lock her up? Why would you say "You don't wanna lock up the Governor"? Of course I don't wanna lock her up. Why would I lock her up?

Lesley Stahl: 'cause you were in front of a lot of people and saying [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I never said it Lesley. I never said lock up the Governor.

Lesley Stahl: So you don't wanna lock the Governor up?

Donald Trump: Lesley, that's such a vicious thing you just said. I didn't say lock up the Governor's [Inaudible] I would never say that. Why would I say that because she's doing lock downs

Lesley Stahl: Well do you -- what about the Biden -- do you wanna lock up the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I don't wanna lock 'em up. The certainly should be looked at.

Lesley Stahl: Do you wanna lock up Obama [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: No I don't wanna lock him up, but he spited my campaign. Obama and Biden spited my campaign. Do you know what that is? Do you know what they did? Do you know how horrible it is what they did? [Crosstalk] Do you know, do you know --

Lesley Stahl: But it's never been verified.

Donald Trump: It's been very verified Lesley. You'll find out. But it's been totally verified.

Lesley Stahl: Um [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh he probably will, because I think he's a very dishonest guy. And he probably will look for something, probably will, you'll see. But you know what, Attorney General Barr has been very honest, that's all I can tell you. He's been very nice. He's been very respectful.

Lesley Stahl: But you criticized him.

Donald Trump: He's been very -- I didn't criticize him, it's just a different personality. They're very lucky. They're very lucky. 'cause the evidence is overwhelming, and Attorney General Barr is a great gentleman. He's a great gentleman. They are very lucky. You know I I can't tell you what's gonna happen, I don't know.

Lesley Stahl: I --

Donald Trump: Because I'd purposely like to stay out of it. You know what, i don't like to get inv -- I can if I want, but I don't like to get involved. But I think they've been very very lucky. Attorney General Barr is a gentleman.

Lesley Stahl: You know I I didn't want to have you kind of [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Of course you did.

Lesley Stahl: No I didn't.

Donald Trump: Yes you did. You've brushed a lot of subjects that --

Lesley Stahl: No I said you're going to answer a couple of questions that --

Donald Trump: Were inappropriately presented. Right from the beginning. Your first question was this is going to be tough questions. Well -- when you started the int -- your first statement was --

Lesley Stahl: Which president -- don't you think you should be accountable for

Donald Trump: Excuse me, no no no, listen, your first statement to me "This is gonna be tough questions". No. I don't want that. When you set up the interview you didn't say that. You said "Oh let's have a lovely interview." And and here's what I do say, you don't ask Joe Biden -- I saw your interview with Joe, the interview with Joe Biden.

Lesley Stahl: I never did a Joe Biden interview.

Donald Trump: It was a joke. The interview, 16 minutes. I see Joe Biden getting soft ball after soft ball. I've seen all those interviews. He's never been asked a question that's hard.

Lesley Stahl: Okay that [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, but you started with me, excuse me Lesley you stared with me, your first statement was "Are you ready for tough questions?" That's no way to talk. No way to talk.

Unidentified: Lesley one one second here here. Uh this is the first warning I think we have. I think it's until we have the [Inaudible] is that all right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I think we have enough. Yeah we had enough of the interview.

Lesley Stahl: Well I think [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think we've had enough of the interview here. Okay that's enough. Let's go. Let's go. Infa -- uh let's go meet for two seconds okay? Thanks. I'll see you. Thanks.