Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-business-maria-bartiromo-august-13-2020

Maria Bartiromo: Joining me right now is the President of the United States Donald J. Trump right now. Mr. President, thank you so much for calling in this morning.

Donald Trump: Good, thank you very much. Good morning.

Maria Bartiromo: It's great to -- it's great to have you here to get a reaction to what we're seeing on the other side. What is your reaction to Kamala Harris as Joe Biden's running mate?

Donald Trump: Well, she's radical left, now she tries to pretend she's not, but she is the most liberal person in the U.S. Senate, acknowledged to be. She's done things that are terrible in terms of the police, in terms of the Second Amendment, in terms of everything else. And she is a big taxer, as Joe is a big taxer.

Donald Trump: They want to tax $4 trillion, going to be the biggest tax increase in history by far. It will triple up records, and they're big taxers. It's just something that won't work. We'll have -- you will see a depression, the likes of which you have never seen. You'll have to go back to 1929, I guess it doesn't get too much worse than that, and you'll just see that.

Donald Trump: And frankly, you know, we've had a tremendous -- a tremendous market, you and I have talked about that, the stock market. Think of it, we're almost back to where we were and we're still in the pandemic, which will be going away, as I say, it will be going away. And they scream, how you can you say that?

Donald Trump: I said, because it's going to be going away. But, you know, we're in the middle of a pandemic and yet we're going to be hitting records. I guess Nasdaq already has many times, like 14 times. And the Dow is -- you take a look at the numbers, I see for the first time today it's actually -- it's actually down a few points, I'm shocked, almost shocked to see that, but we've been going up.

Donald Trump: I think we're up 9,000 points, 54 percent since March. So, somebody made a lot of money, and I hope those 401(k) people didn't do anything when it got down, when it dipped, because they'll be very unhappy right now. But, if they stayed with Trump, they're -- they're very rich.

Maria Bartiromo: So, I mean, this market is trading higher, I guess on the anticipation that the economy is going to come back, in second half or in 2021, as well as, of course, these rock bottom interest rates. Do you have confidence that we are going to see a double digit growth number in the second half? What does look like in your view from an economic standpoint, Mr.

Maria Bartiromo: President?

Donald Trump: So, I think it depends on who wins. I think if he wins you're going to end up with a disaster to be honest. I see his plans. The New Green Deal is something that -- the likes of which nobody can even comprehend, it's like drawn by children. It's drawn by children. It's so ridiculous. OK? You go over point over point and they're actually serious about it.

Donald Trump: I used to think they were playing games. It was politics. I don't even think it's good politics it's so ridiculous. But they're talking about no fossil fuels which means basically no energy, you'd have to close down half of the businesses of the country. You have to rebuild cities because too much light gets through the window, so let's make the windows nice and small.

Donald Trump: Let's rip down the Empire State Building and replace it with no windows. I mean the whole thing is so preposterous, it's so crazy. And I guess you're talking about $100 trillion, right, to do it, assuming you did it which will never happen by the way. But I will tell you --

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: -- Maria, it's no airplanes, let's not get more than one car. I'm sure the car business would love that. Let's everyone get a car and live by it. The cows -- I don't know if they actually put the cows in. They're getting hit very hard by the animal rights groups but they don't want to have cows, they don't want to have any form of animals.

Donald Trump: These people are crazy, OK? And this is a -- this is what we're getting. And it's amazing the way Sleepy Joe buys into it. He buys into it like, oh, great. He doesn't know what he's doing. And now you have a -- sort of a mad woman I call her because she was so angry and so -- such hatred with Justice Kavanaugh.

Donald Trump: I mean I've never seen anything like it. She was the angriest of the group and they were all angry. They're all radical left angry people, and they're angry because I beat them.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: They still haven't forgotten. These are seriously ill people. But if you look at -- if you look at -- her record is a terrible record. And I'll tell you a good poll because the real poll -- we're doing very well on the polls, and they love the suppression polls. This is almost like a replay of four years ago.

Donald Trump: They said I was going to lose every swing state the day before. He will lose every swing state. It will be a very short evening.

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: Except I won every swing state, every single one of them and most of them pretty easily. I mean you take a look at some of these swing states, I won them easy. And I got 306. Remember they said the night before the election there is no way he gets to 270. I didn't, I got to 306 in the Electoral College --

Maria Bartiromo: Well --

Donald Trump: So --

Maria Bartiromo: -- you know what?

Donald Trump: I mean it's crazy. These people are crazy.

Maria Bartiromo: It's partly because you focused on jobs, and you made campaign promises to people about bringing the economy back which is exactly what happened after the tax legislation, the deregulation and your policies around energy. But, Mr. President, yesterday both Biden and Harris took shots at you saying, look, 40 million people are out of work.

Maria Bartiromo: He drove this economy into the ground. What do you want to say to them knowing that before the coronavirus, we were talking about the best economy any of us had seen or certainly in a generation but today's numbers do not reflect that. And they've got that to throw on you, which is what they're doing, Mr.

Maria Bartiromo: President.

Donald Trump: Well, they really don't though, because nobody's buying it. Look, we got hit by the China plague and we're not going to forget it. We got hit by the China plague. I built the greatest economy in history, greatest job numbers, greatest stock market numbers, greatest economic numbers. Nobody's ever seen it.

Donald Trump: I was cruising to election. They weren't even going to be a factor. George Washington would've had a hard time winning, you know that. It was -- we were cruising. You had to see the numbers. And it wasn't even going to be a factor. And the market was going to go through the roof because he is an overhang.

Donald Trump: Having Joe Biden is a big overhang, even on the numbers that you put up every day that are so good, there's an overhang because if he got in the numbers would go down thousands of points if he ever won the election. So, it's an overhang because certainly there's a chance that could happen and that's holding back.

Donald Trump: That's a headwind. That's holding back the market. As -- believe it or not as good as the market's been, it's up 50 percent since March, as I guess 9,000 -- I think it's -- yes, like 9,000 points. You never saw anything like it. I'm talking about the new ones going up faster, so I'm doing it twice.

Maria Bartiromo: No, it is 50 percent. You're right.

Donald Trump: I'll be doing it -- Maria, I'll be doing it twice. I will have rebuilt it twice. But nobody blames me, even the radical left crazies out there. This is the first time I've heard this attack. Nobody's blaming me for the fact that the -- call it whatever you want, the China virus, as you know there's 20 names for it.

Donald Trump: You have your pick of names, right? I call it --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- generally the China virus. Came out of China, should have never been allowed to happen, but the fact is this plague came in and I closed it up, saved millions of lives, now we're re-opening. And I don't know if you saw yesterday, but I put up charts that were incredible.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: The -- you talk about a "V," that's like a super "V". And we're coming back and coming back strong and my biggest headwind is Biden because everyone knows that if Biden gets in, this market's going to crash. He's going to build regulations and his taxes, he's going to tax people $4 trillion, $4 trillion.

Donald Trump: That will destroy this economy, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before, $4 trillion in taxes. So, I don't think, you know the old days -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: He's trying to --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. He is trying to appeal to the black -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I was just going to say, Maria, in the old days when you were going to build --

Maria Bartiromo: -- community, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: -- when you were a politician --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- you talked about tax cuts, you didn't talk about tax increases. I've never heard of a politician that got elected, we are going to increase your taxes. This guy's going around -- and I'm not saying, you know, I'm not trying to -- I've never seen it before. He got on television two days ago, says no we're going with tax increases.

Donald Trump: And I'm looking around, I'm going, maybe we're from a different school. He is going to give, not tax increases, massive tax increases to pay for AOC's plan. AOC was a poor student -- I mean, I won't say where she went to school, it doesn't matter. This is not even a smart person, other than she's got a good line of stuff.

Donald Trump: I mean she goes out and she yaps. These guys -- and they're all afraid of her because if you notice all of these progressives are beating the regular Democrats. You know you look at Eliot Engel, poor Eliot Engel, he's still going what happened? What happened? Has anybody seen what happened, what are the results?

Donald Trump: You lost, Eliot.

Maria Bartiromo: Well -- what, that's right. And he was all the way to the left. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: He got whipped out. So these people are scaring and Schumer's going to get beaten. Yes, and Schumer's going to get beaten by her, she's going to run against Schumer. And he knows that and he's going to get beaten by her unless he can talk her out of doing it, he has no chance.

Maria Bartiromo: So, you think he'll get beaten this November?

Donald Trump: Chuck Schumer will be, in my opinion, AOC will run against Chuck Schumer for the Senate, yes. I mean, and I think she'll win.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, OK. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Of course she's done so many bad things who knows whether or not she'll get there.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, you just mentioned spending. I want to get your take on the stimulus --

Donald Trump: Who knows whether or not she'll get there.

Maria Bartiromo: And what happened in terms of the breakdown and talks on the stimulus. Tell me about that because that's another thing that they were complaining about you yesterday, saying well he's not there negotiating. We want to get something done. The Democrats have put on the table this $3 trillion plan. What specifically are they pushing for that is causing this breakdown in any deals?

Maria Bartiromo: Nancy Pelosi said that the Democrats want to -- and the White House are still miles apart on stimulus.

Donald Trump: Well they're right, and it's their fault. They want $3.5 billion for something that will turn out to be fraudulent, that's election money basically. They want 3.5 trillion -- billion dollars for the mail-in votes, OK, universal mail-in ballots, 3.5 trillion. They want $25 billion, billion, for the Post Office.

Donald Trump: Now they need that money in order to have the post office work so it can take all of these millions and millions of ballots. Now, in the meantime, they aren't getting there. By the way, those are just two items. But if they don't get those two items, that means you can't have universal mail-in voting because they're not equipped to have it.

Donald Trump: And you see how bad it's been with this Carolyn Maloney scam, she scammed her way into an election. She probably lost, but they said mail-in ballots, it's all mixed up. Patterson, New Jersey, same thing. Yesterday Virginia, 500,000 applications for ballots, got sent to everybody, nobody even knows. Got sent to dogs, got sent to dead people, nobody has no idea what happened.

Donald Trump: They said, oh, we made a mistake, I'm sorry. Five hundred thousand ballots sent in Virginia. How do you feel about Virginia going in there and you have 500,000 phony ballot applications?

Maria Bartiromo: Wow.

Donald Trump: And if this is all over then I can give you -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: So, this is what's holding it up? They want --

Donald Trump: No, no, no, that's only one aspect of it.

Maria Bartiromo: So, Mr. President, this is what's holding up money for the American people? They want mail-in votings and they want money for the Post Office. This is one of the sticking points that's holding back stimulus for Americans during this coronavirus.

Donald Trump: Oh yes, that's one of them.

Maria Bartiromo: The Democrats wanting money for the Post Office for mail-in voting.

Donald Trump: That's one of them, that's right. How would you like to have, Maria, how would you like to have $3.5 billion, billion, for mail-in voting, billion? So, if you didn't have it -- do you know how much money that is? Nobody has any idea, you know people, oh, $3.5 billion. They want $25 billion for the Post Office because the Post Office is going to have to go to town to get these great ridiculous ballots in.

Donald Trump: You know, there's nothing wrong with getting out and voting, you get out and vote. They voted during World War I and World War II, and they should have voter ID, because the Democrats scammed the system. But, two of the items are the Post Office and the $3.5 billion for mail-in voting. Now, if we don't make a deal, that means they don't get the money.

Donald Trump: That means they can't have universal mail-in voting, they just can't have it. So, you know, sort of a crazy thing. Very interesting.

Maria Bartiromo: I see. How many states will be doing --

Donald Trump: Those are two of the items, but there are many more items.

Maria Bartiromo: -- I know that -- I know that's it up to the state's legislature, but how many states are going to be doing mail-in voting, Mr. President? A.G. Barr told me that this opens the floodgates of fraud. How many states are you expecting mail-in voting to take place in?

Donald Trump: Well, your California where they're sending out tens of millions of ballots, they have no idea where they're going or maybe they do, maybe they'll go to everybody but Republicans. But, they have California, they have many states where you're going to have -- now I will say it, we're challenging in court -- we're challenging in court.

Donald Trump: So, it's being challenged by -- at many different levels, we have many lawsuits out there. This will be the greatest fraud in history. This will be the most fraudulent -- this will be almost as fraudulent as Obama spying on my campaign, but not quite. This will be the greatest fraud in history.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, I'm going to get to that. And then there's the issue around federal IDs, you don't even need an ID in some places to actually vote.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: You need an ID for everything, but they don't want people to have identification to show that you are who you say you are when you go to vote.

Donald Trump: It's called vote ID, it's the greatest thing there is. Everybody knows it. Some states, like Indiana, some very well run states have it, but many don't. And the Democrats are fighting it tooth and nail because they cheat. There's only one reason to fight it, they cheat. If you don't cheat you want to have voter ID, but many people vote.

Donald Trump: If you look at California, we found over a million votes in Los Angeles, over a million. Judicial watched it, they were fantastic job they did, Tom Fitton and that group. They did a fantastic job. Found over a million votes where people were over 100 years old and they were voting. They had people, I think, 124-years-old.

Maria Bartiromo: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: No, it's ridiculous. It's a terrible -- it's a terrible thing that's happened and the Democrats don't want to fix it.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, let me ask you about these tariffs, because you've said that tariffs will remain in place for European Union products despite efforts by Airbus to move into compliance with the World Trade Organization. What is this about? The Europeans are giving and subsidizing Airbus. You are keeping the amount of products subjects to countermeasures unchanged, $7.5 billion of goods coming from Europe.

Donald Trump: Well, we won that in a lawsuit because they cheated. The European Union is almost as bad as China. You know, everybody doesn't like it when I say that, they say they're our allies, well they take advantage of us tremendously on NATO, you know, they don't pay their dues. Germany is delinquent for billions and billions and billions of dollars and we're supposed to protect them, and they -- they pay a lot of money to Russia for oil and gas, the pipeline, they pay money to Russia, billions and billions of dollars, and then we're supposed to protect them from Russia.

Donald Trump: And on top of everything else, they're very delinquent, they're paying one percent, they're supposed to pay two and the real number should be four or five. So, we get it from every different corner. Now, I -- you know -- I caught it, I'm wise to it and you have a lot of stupid people out there that say, oh, I'm not treating Germany right, I'm not being nice to France, and you know, they take it -- and I'm -- by the way, I'm very friendly with all the people and they know, they smile at me when I look at them.

Donald Trump: They said nobody's ever -- nobody's ever talked to us like you do. You know, I got NATO to pay $400 billion more a year, my biggest fan in the world is Secretary General Stoltenberg of NATO. He says, I can't believe it, because we were going down every year for 20 years, it was going down, down, down, what they were paying for protection, and I came in and it looks like a rocket ship up.

Donald Trump: But still, Germany's not paying anywhere near what they're supposed to. I use the word delinquent, they're delinquent, they don't pay.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, yes, you have -- you have also -- you have also changed the conversation on China, sir. I want to talk to you about that. We've got trade talks slated to take place later this week. Beijing officials are saying that they plan to bring up your ban on American businesses conducting transactions with WeChat and TikTok.

Maria Bartiromo: The "Journal" is reporting this morning, major corporations like Apple, Disney, Wal-Mart, expressing concerns over WeChat in particular. Mr. President, are you planning to narrow the ban? Tell us the threat around WeChat and TikTok.

Donald Trump: Well, we lose -- for many years, $400, $500, $300, $200 billion a year, billion, with China, dealing with China. First of all before we even get into security, it's been a rip off the likes of which the world have never seen, and I charge massive tariffs and they pay us -- 100. They paid us -- just tens of billions of dollars in tariffs.

Donald Trump: As you know, they targeted our farmers and I gave them -- I gave our farmers all the money that they got targeted for, which was $28 billion over a three year period, so I gave the money to the farmers. That's why the farmers love Trump because I took care of them as opposed to other administrations that forget about the farmers, but I took good care of them.

Donald Trump: But I took it out of China. Now we're getting right now, under the trade deal, people don't know. They said -- like Schumer had no idea he was taking -- we don't get tariffs anymore. He didn't like tariffs. They wanted to charge him, all of a sudden he thought it was great because so much money comes into us, but then he -- when I made the deal, I left the tariffs on, which nobody still understands.

Donald Trump: How did I make the deal and still leave the tariffs on, and they're buying a lot of corn, you know, et cetera, et cetera. But with all of that, my mindset has changed on China since they allowed the plague to come in and have such a devastating effect on the world -- us and the world, which is terrible.

Donald Trump: But no I view China differently than I did. It's before plague and after plague. Right now, I view China differently than I did before plague.

Maria Bartiromo: So we just spoke with Jimmy Lai. He's been on the front lines of the Hong Kong protests. He spoke out about what he wants the U.S. to know about the Communist Party, and he also took real issue with Xi Jinping being dictator for life. Here's Jimmy Lai with me just 20 minutes ago so -- listen to this.

Jimmy Lai: [Begin Video Clip] But it's difficult for them to change, especially when Xi Jinping is the -- is the president. You know, Xi Jinping is totally the [Inaudible] kind of hardcore communist. He wants to bring China back to the Mao time. All the control --

Maria Bartiromo: [Video Clip] Right.

Jimmy Lai: [Video Clip] -- that he's increasing is exactly the way that Mao was controlling the country. [End Video Clip]

Maria Bartiromo: So, Mr. President, he's talking about Xi Jinping as being the problem because he's dictator for life, wanting to take China back to the Mao dynasty. Would you like to see Xi Jinping step down, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Look, they're running their country and we're running our country, and we have other countries that treat us very badly. They treat us like children because we had foolish leadership. I'm being nice when I use the word foolish, but we've had very foolish leadership at the top -- at the presidential level.

Donald Trump: And all of these countries, from China, to Vietnam, to all the Asian countries and others -- many others -- have taken advantage of us. We straightened it out with Mexico and with Canada we have the new USMCA. We were in the process of straightening it out with China, then the plague came, but even before that I had a complete deal with China and four days before it was going to be signed they broke it.

Donald Trump: They broke the deal I had, so I had a deal with them. Hong Kong is a very complex problem because we've given tremendous amounts of money in the form of incentives to make Hong Kong free -- to make Hong Kong work. And to our detriment. So I have taken all that back -- all of those incentives that they had for the Hong Kong market in order to keep a certain amount of freedom over there, knowing they have China looming over the top of them, but all of those incentives -- billions and billions and billions of dollars that I gave -- that we gave to Hong Kong, I've taken back now because it's Hong Kong -- is if you use a business term, it's owned by China.

Donald Trump: So why should I give this to China? Hong Kong can never succeed without those incentives, and Hong Kong can never succeed having China as opposed to the thousands of geniuses that ran it having China run it. So what does it mean for the United States at a very practical sense? It means that our markets are going to make a lot more money.

Donald Trump: They're going to use the New York Stock Exchange. They're going to use Nasdaq. They're going to use our markets, and the Hong Kong markets will go to Hell. Nobody is going to do business -- very few people are going to do business in Hong Kong anymore. So we've taken it back and we are going to make billions and billions of dollars more because we've taken away all of these very expensive incentives.

Donald Trump: We gave that to them, and I fully understood it, and I still understand it. I was OK with it.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: But once China got aggressive and took it over -- I took everything back. Everything is back now and it will fail.

Maria Bartiromo: But -- but look at how aggressive they are in America. Look at how aggressive they are in America -- able to get insiders at corporations, whether it's Harvard and the head of the chemistry department, Cleveland Clinic, Houston Consulate, getting insiders in corporations to steal intellectual property and send it back to the CCP.

Maria Bartiromo: What happens -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: That's right.

Maria Bartiromo: -- if Microsoft acquires TikTok? How many TikTok employees will be working for Microsoft and able to send data back to the CCP? Will you allow Microsoft to acquire TikTok?

Donald Trump: So first of all -- the first thing, we have got those people, and they're being prosecuted under this administration. They're being prosecuted, number one. Number two -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: -- TikTok, I broke the deal. I said you can't do business in the United States. I also said to Huawei you can't do business in the United States. And I told our so-called allies, that are all over the world, all of which, you know, for the most take advantage of us. We have good allies. We have some very good allies, but some are -- you know, they take advantage of us because for so many years they were allowed to just absolutely rip us off.

Donald Trump: But, I've told them, I said if you go with Huawei that's OK, but we're not going to be communicating having to do with intelligence because the intelligence goes right into Beijing, OK, and we don't want that. And, you know, we know that, and we have better scientists than they do. We have better engineers than they do.

Donald Trump: We know exactly what happens. So, we explained that to Europe and others, and for the most part they're not buying Huawei, and if they do we'll have to cut off intelligence because the intelligence we can't have that go into Beijing. So, we have -- there's been nobody tougher to China or to Russia or to anybody else than I have.

Donald Trump: Despite a media that's bought out by China, much more so than Russia. Do you ever notice they always say Russia, Russia, Russia. They don't mention China, China, China because most of these people like you look at the NBA. They're bought off by China and China is, you know, the big pot of gold, so they say, oh, let's go -- let's use Russia instead of China.

Donald Trump: But China's a big problem, and I've made it a much smaller problem. The fact is that with Hong Kong we're saving a massive amounts of billions of dollars and it's not going to work. It can't work. It's all based on the dollar. I've made the dollar stronger -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Do you -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I've made the dollar stronger to a point that there is almost no secondary currency. The dollar is stronger now than it's ever been, and it will be even stronger in my second term, and I don't mean just from a price standpoint. I'm talking about the pedigree of the dollar. Unless a Biden gets in with his stupid taxes, he wants to tax -- he'll tax this country into a depression-like in 1929. If you do what he wants to do, his plan -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: So Mr. President -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- and I've been pretty good, you have to say, Maria, at predicting things I've been pretty good, including saying I was going to win the election -- and I'm going to win it a second time by the way -- because you know one of the reasons I'm going to win a second time is people have made a fortune with me and they don't want their 401(k)s going down by 75, 80 percent or more, and that's what's going to happen.

Donald Trump: Regulations and taxes. He's going to regulate everything, put everything back times two. I cut more regulations than any president -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: So what are you going to do in the second term?

Donald Trump: -- in history by far. We're going to continue cutting regulations -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, you've talked about a capital -- you talked about capital gains tax cuts.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Maria Bartiromo: You've talked about payroll tax cut. You've talked about more deregulation.

Donald Trump: Right.

Maria Bartiromo: What are the plans for the second-term agenda, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: OK. Well I've done the payroll tax cut temporary -- you know, this is a temporary payroll tax cut, but this is a very substantial, positive jolt to the economy. I'm going to do a capital gains tax cut to 15 percent in second term. We're going to get it down to 15 percent. It's at 21. We'll get that down to 15 percent and I'll get that done easily.

Donald Trump: We're going to take the House. I believe we're going to take back the House because Nancy Pelosi is stone cold crazy, and I think we're going to take the House. And that's upon -- you know, I don't make a statement like that very easily, but we're going to take -- otherwise, I'll look very bad, but we're going to take back the House.

Donald Trump: We're going to hold the presidency, and we're fighting very hard in the Senate. I'll be honest. The Senate is tough. We have a couple of people that aren't as supportive of Trump as they should be and those people are going to lose their elections. If they don't support Trump, they lose their elections.

Donald Trump: It's a very simple element. Look at Hagerty in Tennessee. He was a Trump guy, and he just became or he will become very shortly the Senator. He won the primaries the other day. You look at all of the things that have happened, but the ones that don't support -- and I'm just talking -- take a look. The ones that don't support, and you have a few people that want to be cute, and I think they're going to lose their elections and that's a problem for the Senate.

Maria Bartiromo: Do you believe school choice will be an issue this upcoming election, given the fact -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: -- that we are in this shutdown and this -- yes, this is a big issue for minorities in particular.

Donald Trump: Yes. Well the unions own Biden. He doesn't even know it. Joe doesn't even know he's alive, but the unions own Biden. They own the radical left. They own Pelosi and Schumer. And they will do anything for the unions, including destroy the future of our children. And by the way, the union workers, I love them.

Donald Trump: They're going to have to work in schools. There's nothing more valuable than good teachers. Teachers are the whole basis for everything. I mean, we need teachers. That's a very important thing.

Maria Bartiromo: Richard Trumka -- Richard Trumka was on the show last week, Mr. President, and I told him that the income gap was narrowing before the coronavirus. I remember reporting on this because wages were going up so much and he said absolutely not. It's not true. Can you talk to us about what was taking place in terms of the income gap and wages before this coronavirus, because I was communicating this just the other day to Richard Trumka, and he said it's not true.

Donald Trump: Look, he totally controls Nancy Pelosi. In fact, when we did the USMCA, he had to sign off on it for her. She wouldn't do it unless he signed off. And he's a good guy, but he's a union guy, you know, he's good but he's a union guy. He does what he can do. But if you look at really what was happening before, we were actually coming -- this country was coming together before China sent over the plague.

Donald Trump: This country was coming together because of success. Somebody said what's going to bring -- how can the country heal? I said one word. Success. And it was happening. You know that. It was happening. We were getting closer. People were calling me that -- I'm talking about Democrats that were calling me and talking in a way that was very different from what it had been because we had the best employment numbers.

Maria Bartiromo: Even -- yes. Even in the face --

Donald Trump: We had the best employment numbers we've ever had. We had the best numbers we ever had. We had the best stock market numbers we've ever had, which now looks like they're going to be supplanted by what we have now, if you can even believe that. But we have the best success we've ever had and this country was coming together.

Donald Trump: Then the plague hit us from China, a gift from China, and now we're rebuilding it and it's going up like a "V", like a rocket and you look at those numbers on automobiles, on employment.

Maria Bartiromo: But even in the face of all of this, you've gotten so much done, economic policy, foreign policy, naming judges and in the face of all of this resistance, first you had the resistance from inside your own government, you had the FBI working with the Hillary Clinton campaign, she paid for the dossier, they used it to help entrap your campaign.

Maria Bartiromo: Then you had the media piling on. Then you had an impeachment trial with no crimes, the articles of impeachment were abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. Then you had China throw the curveball at you with the virus. Democrat mayors and governors refusing to stop crime and vandalism. This is all your first term.

Maria Bartiromo: What was most surprising to you as you look toward this new election? What was most difficult and most surprising for you in this last three and-a-half years, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: By the way, when they say abuse of power on impeachment, that was a phony -- it was a phony fake impeachment. It was a disgrace on a phone call that was an absolutely perfect phone call.

Maria Bartiromo: Right, I said there was no crime, right.

Donald Trump: I'm the only one to get impeached on a perfect phone call, like a perfect phone call. And I got impeached because of the level of hatred. But when they say abuse of power, the abuse of power is that I get everything done. I'm going to have over 300 judges by the end of the first term. Nobody's ever seen that before.

Donald Trump: I'm going to have two Supreme Court judges, justices, and we'll have literally over 300 judges including court of appeals. We've done things that nobody's ever done. The tax cuts, the regulation cuts, ANWR. Look at -- ANWR, they couldn't get ANWR done, Ronald Reagan couldn't get it done, Bushes, nobody could get it done.

Maria Bartiromo: But there was still a coup against you. There was still a coup against you is my point.

Donald Trump: And I got ANWR done. Everybody -- that's true.

Maria Bartiromo: Where is John Durham, Mr. President? Is he -- I mean where is John Durham? We know that there was criminality.

Donald Trump: I hope he's doing a great job. And I hope they're not going to be politically correct and I hope they do what -- because the fact this was President Obama knew everything, Vice President Biden, as dumb as he may be, he knew everything and everybody else knew everything, Maria, and you know it. And Comey and Brennan and Clapper, they all were terrible, and they lied to Congress and they put Flynn -- they want to put Flynn in jail.

Donald Trump: And he didn't lie because the FBI said he didn't lie and we just found that out, you know, it was only Mueller that said he lied. And they said he didn't lie and they're putting -- they're trying to destroy that man's life, and other people that got in trouble that did nothing by comparison and many cases nothing or nothing in comparison.

Donald Trump: They spied on my campaign, which is treason. They spied both before and after I won. Think of that. Using the intelligence apparatus of the United States --

Maria Bartiromo: Do you want to get a special counsel --

Donald Trump: -- to take down a president, a legally elected president, a duly elected president of the United States. It's the single biggest --

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: -- political crime in the history of our country. And I hope they're doing a job, I hope they're not going to be politically correct and say, well you know, we want to go, just get -- let's get the lower guys that forged the documents going into FISA. Let's just get a couple of the lower guys. I hope they're not going to be -- Bill Barr can go down as the greatest Attorney General in the history of our country, or he can go down as just an average guy.

Donald Trump: It depends on what's going to happen.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, do you want to see a special counsel put in place to ensure that the American people find out what took place here? We know that there was an FBI agent who actually changed documents, changed evidence. We know that there was lying to the court, lying to the Congress, leaking to the media. What -- if -- if you do not win in November we're not going to hear another word about this.

Maria Bartiromo: So, should --

Donald Trump: That's right, probably.

Maria Bartiromo: -- A.G. Barr bring in a special counsel --

Donald Trump: They'll probably cancel it out almost definitely.

Maria Bartiromo: -- to ensure that this is --

Donald Trump: They'll probably cancel it out almost definitely, and it's a shame. It's a shame. But, we caught them, look, we caught them. Carter Page, they just used him to spy on the campaign, others they used to spy on the campaign, it's a disgrace. And it could either be unbelievable -- they don't need s special counsel.

Donald Trump: First of all, they have a special counsel working and they have Durham working, so they don't need another special counsel. We've had enough special counsels. And frankly, everybody knows, if you didn't have one bit of evidence from what you already know from reading the newspapers, they're all guilty as hell.

Donald Trump: The insurance policy where in case she loses we've got an insurance policy, we're going to go and take him out, you know that, that's what that meant. That was with Strzok and Page, the two lovers, the two great lovers that got caught. I hope everybody enjoyed that.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. Do you think the Mueller Report -- was the Mueller Investigation just a cover-up for what they had done? Because the Mueller Investigation, we're getting all of the documents now, where we're getting this declassification of documents and so we know, oh yes, they lied to the Senate, oh yes, they lied to the FISA Court, all of this stuff was available when Mueller was doing the investigation, so how come he didn't unearth any of this?

Maria Bartiromo: Was that just an opportunity to just have all of the documents frozen as a cover-up for what they did to you?

Donald Trump: Because they were only interested anything having to do with Trump, even though they knew all of this stuff, Strzok and Page, their text message were all deleted by Mueller. Mueller went in himself, and he lied to Congress, because he said he didn't apply for a job to head the FBI and he did, we have absolute proof of that.

Donald Trump: He came in looking to run the FBI early on. The following day he was given the job as the special prosecutor, I call it prosecutor, because it's not a counsel. They say special counsel, it's really a prosecutor. So, he was given the -- just I want to be more accurate -- and with all of that he -- that they did, think of it, they spent $48 million plus, you don't even know what they spent, looked at everything, they looked at my taxes, I'm sure, they looked at everything.

Donald Trump: With all of that, no collusion. I have a friend who is a very sophisticated man, one of the most successful people, you know him very well, he said, you have to be the most honest person in the world to escape the greatest witch hunt ever perpetrated in the history of our country. To go over every document, every phone call, everything you've ever done, and they say no collusion, I did nothing wrong.

Donald Trump: They said, I never knew you were that honest. He said, you must be the most honest man in the world. And so, then they take it down and they send it to New York.

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: Well listen, we couldn't find anything. Let's send it in to New York, into the Democrat lion's den. So, they play games there for years, it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country we've got to stop it, we've got to stop it and we're getting close.

Maria Bartiromo: But, Mr. President, we know --

Donald Trump: But it's -- it's a disgrace.

Maria Bartiromo: -- but, Mr. President, we know that the FBI lied to the Senate in February of 2018, Christopher Wray was running the FBI, Mr. President. Is Christopher Wray hiding all of this stuff and protecting the FBI? Should he step down?

Donald Trump: So, Christopher Wray was put there, we have an election coming up, I wish he was more forthcoming. He certainly hasn't been. There are documents that they want to get and that we have said we want to get. We're going to find out if he's going to give those documents, but certainly he's been very, very protective.

Donald Trump: He was put there for a good reason. He was chosen by a certain person and I said, go ahead, put whoever you want. I'm so honest that I said you could put anybody you want. Let's see how Wray turns out. He's going to either turn out one way or the other.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: But I'll tell you, Bill Barr -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: All right, before we -- yes.

Donald Trump: -- and Durham have a chance to be -- Bill Barr has a chance to be the greatest of all time, but if he wants to be politically correct he'll be just another guy because he knows all the answers.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, you -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: He knows what they have, and it goes right to Obama and it goes right to Biden. They had the meetings, and that was one meeting they caught him.

Maria Bartiromo: I just want to -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: They had many meetings.

Maria Bartiromo: That's right. We have it all on a timeline right here, and Mr. President, I know that we're going to be wrapping up soon, but I just want to get your take on these debates. There's this movement now in the media trying to get Joe Biden to not debate you, and then you announced yesterday initiatives to help get kids back to school.

Maria Bartiromo: If you could just touch on these two topics before we wrap up here, sir. First off, are you planning these -- are we going to have a debate, you and Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, I want a debate.

Maria Bartiromo: Three debates?

Donald Trump: I would say the only problem with the debates is we should have one debate, move it forward, have an extra one. I don't care. Three debates is fine or make it four, but we should have one before the ballots start going out, these phony ballots, you know? They go out, and we should have a debate before the ballots.

Donald Trump: We have a debate a month after the ballots start going out, so people are voting without seeing the debate, so I think they should move one debate forward or have an extra one put in, but I want to do the debates and they are trying to get out of the debates. There's no question about that. You know, I have people that are very good at this stuff.

Donald Trump: So am I.

Maria Bartiromo: And will -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And I will tell you, they want to -- they would love to get out of the debates unfortunately.

Maria Bartiromo: Will schools be open?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. Well, I mean, look, you have debated pretty aggressively in the past. You've also announced yesterday initiatives to help get kids back in the classroom. Tell me about that.

Donald Trump: I want to get the schools open.

Maria Bartiromo: Does this include spending $125 million reusable masks? Go ahead.

Donald Trump: I want to get the schools open. They should be open. The children, if you look, statistically it's incredible how strong they are. Their immune systems, they're incredible. We have to get our schools open. We have to get our country, and a lot of the reason it's not happening is because blue state governors, if you take a look at some of the Democrat governors, they don't want their state open because they think that hurts me on November 3rd, and I think people are wise to it.

Donald Trump: Our country is going to be stronger than it's ever been next year. We're going to have one of the best years, maybe as good as last year. It's incredible what's happening, and when you look at the numbers on cars, on everything, retail sales, you look at the employment numbers, we set a record. We're going up despite the Democrats.

Donald Trump: This is like I built the wall despite the Democrats. Now nobody wants to talk about it anymore, but despite the Democrats, they don't talk about the wall anymore. Do you notice? They used to talk about it. Now they don't because -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- it's all -- it's going to be completed very soon. But despite the Democrats, we have a "V" going like nobody thought even possible. They're impossible -- they're very difficult people. I sometimes think they don't love the country but they're doing the wrong thing. But in the meantime, I do love your show -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Well -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- and I think you're fantastic.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, thank you so much for the time this morning. Thanks for your leadership, sir. We'll be watching. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Maria. Thanks a lot. Bye.

Maria Bartiromo: I'll see you soon. Thank you, President Donald Trump.