Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-scott-sands-wspd-may-15-2020

Scott Sands: It's the Scott Sands Show on news radio 1370 and 92.9 FM available on more than 2000 smart devices everywhere. Just look for WSPD on iHeartRadio and if you miss any of this show, you can listen on demand as well. Let's just go ahead and do this. Ladies and gentlemen, the president of the United States, Donald J. Trump on the Scott Sands Show.

Scott Sands: Mr. President, good afternoon.

Donald Trump: Hi Scott. How are you?

Scott Sands: I am thrilled to have you on. It's a real honor, sir.

Donald Trump: It's my honor. And it's a great state, my honor.

Scott Sands: The last time we spoke Mr. President, you were on my show in 2016 and I endorsed you in the campaign.

Donald Trump: Right. That was a big turn. Although, I've done pretty well in that state. We love Ohio.

Scott Sands: I was going to say things have turned out pretty well for you since then.

Donald Trump: It's been really great. And we fought very hard for your governor that he gets in and we're doing a good job up there. It's a great place and it'll be opening up soon. It'll be opening up and really safely soon. How are you finding things?

Scott Sands: Every business is starting to slowly reopen. We've got outdoor dining starting this week and in restaurant dining will open next week. I think the thing that everybody here is worried about Mr. President is how to balance the need to go back to work and earn an income with the danger of being exposed to the coronavirus.

Donald Trump: Right. And that's true. The one thing is we've learned a lot. When I had a close, we did everything. We've done it right. We closed it. You know better than anybody. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. By the way, in the history of the world, China had the worst year. This is before this horror show coming into plague, but China had the worst year.

Donald Trump: In 67 years, we had the best year that we've ever had and we had to close it down. And yet, if we didn't do that, you would have had millions of people die. So we did the right thing. Now we're opening it up. I think what people have to remember though and I think it's very important, Scott is that when you get out there, it really affects a very small, tiny percentage of people.

Donald Trump: Now, if you're old or older and if you have diabetes or if you have a bad heart and things, that group should stick around a little while. Jus stay in the house, stay shielded for a while, a little while. But it has very little impact on young, very, very little impact. And most people get better and then they probably get immunity from it in the future.

Donald Trump: So very important. It targets people with some difficulty. It also targets people with AIDS. So we have to take care of our senior citizen centers, very important because they were really hit hard, but people are doing that. But people have to remember, most people are very minorly affected by this. They fight it off.

Donald Trump: Their system fights it off.

Scott Sands: I know you speak with Governor DeWine on a regular basis. How would you grade his performance here in Ohio, responding to the pandemic compared to say, Governor Whitmer just to our North in Michigan.

Donald Trump: Well, he's doing it with more heart. I don't know what's going on with her. Nobody can do anything. And now he's doing it with more heart. He's doing a very good job. We're proud of him. He's showing compassion. "At the same time, it's a problem. Look, this is a gift from China and we don't want it. This is a gift we didn't want." We had just signed a great trade deal with China.

Donald Trump: The ink wasn't even dry, and all of a sudden here comes the plague. So we're not happy about it. Let me tell you, we're not happy about it, but he's doing a very good job. He's doing it with compassion. She's not showing any compassion. There are things that they're doing that are unnecessary. People aren't going to stand for that.

Donald Trump: They're not going to stand for it. I see it. They're not going to stand for it. They have to get back. The other side of the equation is bad too. The other side of the equation, people are dying from that also, maybe in larger numbers. If you look at suicides, if you look at losing jobs, your economics, you go from having a great job to maybe not having a job because it's taking too long.

Donald Trump: If you look at drug addiction, the drug use goes up and it's been going up and that's not bad, I've been fighting that so hard, and all of a sudden you see the numbers starting to go up. We can't let that happen. I think your governor's done a good mix.

Scott Sands: I want to get back to the drug addiction issue in just a second, Mr. President. I was looking at some of the numbers from Project Airbridge and here in Ohio alone, that effort has delivered 3 million surgical masks, 71 million surgical gloves, 2 million gowns. But now that businesses are starting to reopen, Governor DeWine has issued all sorts of sanitary guidelines that also require PPE.

Scott Sands: And I'm hearing from business owners that they're struggling to find that gear, they're struggling to find gloves and cleaning supplies at a commercial level, or they can't afford to buy it because they've been shut down for the last eight weeks. Is there anything similar to Project Airbridge that your task force could put together to supply PPE to Ohio businesses so they can safely reopen?

Donald Trump: Well, we've gotten it for the states. We really helped Ohio a lot, but we've helped all the states. We've done a great job in terms of the ventilators. When I took over, the cupboard was bare. We didn't have things left by the Obama administration, and we had no very few ventilators and all of a sudden we need thousands.

Donald Trump: So we've gotten into that business. We're making thousands of ventilators and now the country is totally stocked with far in excess of what we need. And we're actually helping out other countries where they're having, "Look, this isn't just our country, other countries." And what we'll do and testing the same thing, we've done more tests now than the entire world combined by a lot, a lot more than the entire world combined and we're making tests available.

Donald Trump: Well, ideally I would think that the government, your government, your local government would be able to help you out because they get to get from the state and the state's getting a lot of it. They can buy directly, but if they need help, they could come to us. So I would imagine that we'll straight that, but I look for the time when you're not going to need that in the hopefully not too distant future because we want to go back to what it was.

Donald Trump: We want to go back, you walk into a store and you buy something. You don't walk into the store like you're walking into a dangerous area and I think that's going to be happening sooner rather than later. Also vaccines. We're doing very well in the vaccine hunt. And nothing is subject to vaccines because who knows, but we've had nothing like this.

Donald Trump: This hasn't happened since 1917, but we've had some pretty bad flus and viruses and they go away and they never come up with a vaccine. But I think despite that, I think we are really putting the all out search for vaccines and therapeutics and it's happening. I think we'll have something by the end of the year.

Scott Sands: Mr. President, as you know, agriculture is a huge industry here in Ohio. Last month, the coronavirus food assistance program provided I believe $19 billion for farmers around the country. How concerned are you sir, about the economic survival of small family farms here in Ohio and what can you do to ensure our food supply chain remains stable?

Donald Trump: Well, as you know, what I did Scott is over the last two years, I gave 12 billion to the farmers. Thank you, China. And then I gave 16 billion because China targeted our farmers. So I said to Sonny Perdue, our Secretary of Agriculture said, "How much money are we talking about? What are we talking about in terms of how much were they targeted?" And two years ago, it was 12 billion.

Donald Trump: He said, "12 billion, sir." I said, "How about now?" 16 billion. I wrote him a check for $12 billion. I took it out of the tariffs. We had a lot left over for the treasury. I took from China, $12 billion, I gave it to the farmers. I think you know that. I gave $16 billion last year. That was a check, $16 billion to the farmers.

Donald Trump: Now, without that money, they would have been in trouble, but I gave them that money. And this year, we're going to be giving $19 billion. One of the things we just did also, I saw food lines which is something we haven't seen for a while because of this problem and they were buying food and I said, "No, let's buy it from a farmer." So I think you heard last week, I authorized $3 billion to buy food from our farmers and distribute it to people in lines.

Scott Sands: You keep mentioning China. You mentioned our trade deal earlier, Mr. President. What can we do to encourage manufacturing jobs to come back into the United States and back to Ohio? What kind of incentives are you prepared to offer companies to repatriate that money?

Donald Trump: Yeah, so I probably got elected because of that. That was my big thing. And as you saw the car industry --  everything was really rocking. They were coming back, we were building car plants. You have some in your state. You have a lot of them going to Ohio, but from Japan, from other places, they were coming back.

Donald Trump: And then we had the plague set in. But we built a lot of things. But the whole thing was we want to get our pharmaceuticals back. That was all started. Everything was starting and then this happened, but no we're doing that. If we've learned one thing from this, and I think it's so important Scott that said, we have to stop with these stupid chains where we're taking pieces of something, you make a car that comes from seven different countries.

Donald Trump: We should make our own product and we should have never got --  those are called globalists. They want to make the globe good. They don't care about our country. We have to think. I took America first and that's what I mean. It's America first. We have to put America first. It's time. These other countries, they put their country first.

Donald Trump: They don't care. They've been ripping us off for so many years. And China, the numbers were really getting good for us with China for the first time in 25 years. And then this being said, and China had the worst year before this, the worst year in 67 years. And we had the best year we've ever had. And we're going to now have it again.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a transit --  I call it the transition to greatness, but we're going to have a transition. Third quarter is going to be a transition to the fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter is going to be very good. And next year, we're going to have one of our best years. And I think you feel that there's a pent up demand that's incredible.

Scott Sands: Unfortunately, Mr. President, many experts are saying it's going to be 10 or 15 years for employment levels to return to where they were just a few months ago at the end of last year. Just here in Ohio, sir, we had more people in the last three months file new unemployment claims than we had in the last three years combined.

Scott Sands: So what makes you specifically so optimistic about the economic recovery?

Donald Trump: Well, others are also optimistic. You have two sides of it. Some aren't as optimistic. I think everyone knows we're going to be in okay shape, but I think we're going to be in really good shape, especially if we get the vaccine and I'm not even counting on the vaccine because you get it, you don't get it sometimes.

Donald Trump: I mean --

Scott Sands: And that could be two years away, sir.

Donald Trump: It could also be by the end of the year. They could have it by the end of the year because we're really putting a rush. In fact, today we're introducing our military because we're getting set up to distribute the vaccine as it's being developed. We are doing great on development of therapeutics and vaccine, but even forgetting about that, there's a tremendous demand.

Donald Trump: You see what's going on in Wisconsin where they got a court order to let people go back. And I think a very big thing is really the fact that most people are not affected physically by this. They catch it. Some of them don't even know they have it and it goes away and they're probably immune. That hasn't been really determined yet, but probably they're immune and possibly for a lifetime.

Donald Trump: So I think there's a great pent up demand. And I think you're going to have a great opening. I really believe that. I'll be talking to you in January. Let's see if I'm right.

Scott Sands: Do you believe extending unemployment benefits and additional stimulus payments are more of a disincentive to return to work?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm okay with it. They put up a package. It's so crazy, the Democrats. Basically, it was a package to make sure that people vote for them, with the ballots and with all the different tricks that they put in. And by the way, speaking of that, we won two congressional seats to Republicans. We want one in Wisconsin that was a tight race and he won by a lot, and we won the first time in California in 22 years.

Donald Trump: We won a great race in California where a Democrat seat was lost to a Republican. That just happened two days ago. So there are things happening. There are things happening. The people want to have the country open up.

Scott Sands: Sir, do you believe the stimulus payments were actually a disincentive to go back to work?

Donald Trump: Well, I said, "I didn't like the way they were set up." Don't forget. They were set up largely by Democrats that if you don't get it --  We need the Democrat vote because it's very close. Both the House and the Senate are very close. So we need the Democrat votes. And I said, "Wait a minute, these people get more money if they don't go back to work.

Donald Trump: What kind of a deal is this?" That's what they wanted. And I said, "You know what? We have no choice," but I said, "Go back and renegotiate." So I don't love it. Most people are doing it anyway. They're going back. Some would rather get a little bit more, but it's a little bit of a disincentive the way they set it up.

Donald Trump: And you heard me complaining about that originally. It was obvious, but it's a lot of money coming into a lot of people and a lot of good people, and they're all going back to work.

Scott Sands: Mr. President, I'm honored here in Lucas County to serve on our sheriff tarps drug abuse response team. You mentioned drug addiction earlier this afternoon. We've noticed recent upjects in overdose cases just in the past couple of weeks, which could be related to both unemployment and the stimulus payments.

Scott Sands: How critical is it to get America back to work as part of this battle against drug addiction and even domestic abuse?

Donald Trump: Well, it's imperative. And that's what we're talking about. There's death on one side, there's death on the other side too. You want to be tough. They can be tough, but people are going back to drugs and they're going back to all of the problems that --  We're very proud. We dropped drug use in your state by 18% and that was a lot.

Donald Trump: That was a great achievement. All of a sudden that's going to get wiped out because there really is a big problem if you look Scott, a big problem with being locked in your house for so long and it causes problems, plus they lose their job. And now all of a sudden, they go from a great job to having no job and not a great prospect and it's causing anxiety and suicides and bad things happen.

Donald Trump: So that's why we have to get open and we have to get everybody to work.

Scott Sands: On the plus side, being locked at home for few weeks allowed all of America to watch the Tiger King documentary.

Donald Trump: Well, that's true. I got to watch a little bit of it too. That's a piece of work. They're all screaming, "Pardon him. Whatever his name is. Pardon him. Please pardon him." And you tell me, is he guilty? You tell me.

Scott Sands: He's a nut job, but he certainly fun to watch.

Donald Trump: He's definitely a little different. They're all screaming, "Please pardon whatever his name is."

Scott Sands: Exotic. Mr. President, we're talking about another stimulus package in the House today. Are you concerned at all about our national debt? We're spending trillions of dollars that we as a country don't have.

Donald Trump: I hate it. I hate it. What we'll do is we'll take care of this first and then we're going to work on that. I was all set to work on that 100% after because we built this great economy and now this next term, I was going to work on that. We had to throw money at this guy. We had no choice. We had really no choice.

Donald Trump: We had to do it. We'll work on that. I say, fix it first and then we'll work on the debt. The debt will be able to control. We have the greatest currency in the world and the dollar is very strong and everybody wants to invest and the good news is we're paying because we're doing long-term financing. We're paying practically zero interest and in some cases, actually zero, we're paying no interest.

Donald Trump: So that's a good thing. That's one of the good things that's come out of being strong.

Scott Sands: Are you preparing for any sort of scenario where you could have to look at another shut down due to a second wave of cases of COVID-19?

Donald Trump: No. I don't want to do that. Nope. I don't want to do shutdowns. I want to do maybe if there's a local area in Ohio, if there's a local area in some state or a number of them, you'll do am area where they'll do some kinds of shutdowns in areas. In other words, we'll put out the fire. I talk about embers.

Donald Trump: No, we're not doing shutdowns on large-scale that's for sure.

Scott Sands: There have been news stories in the past few weeks about a pandemic playbook that was compiled under the Obama administration. Based on what you and your task force have learned from dealing with COVID-19, what kind of advice would you pass along in a playbook for the next president, which we assume will be five years from now?

Donald Trump: Well, we hope so and we have to be very careful with this one. Look, here's the key. This hasn't happened in over a hundred years, anything like this. Hopefully, will be longer than that because this is not something that is even sustainable. You can't do this. And we did all the right moves that we would have had millions of people dead, instead of the numbers that you see and one is too many, but we have a very strong playbook.

Donald Trump: We were left a weak playbook, a very weak playbook. It was not appropriate. The cupboard was bare. We weren't left medical, we weren't left ventilators, we weren't left all of the things. By the way, we weren't left the military. I've rebuilt the military. 1.5 trillion. We have the best military we've ever had.

Donald Trump: We weren't left a lot. This country was in trouble. I will tell you that. So now we have a great military, a powerful military. What we've done is an incredible thing. And I did it with a fake investigation. You see what's going on with Flynn now was a fake Russia hoax and now they've been caught in the greatest political scandal of all time in this country.

Donald Trump: They've been caught, so we're watching that whole situation very closely. And wait till you see what happens, but with that, I guess we have to go Scott, but I want to just thank you. I hope you're watching that political --  I know you are actually, but I hope you're watching that very carefully.

Scott Sands: Mr. President, I'm honored to have you on the show. It's been a real pleasure to talk to you again. And I hear you want to make another trip to Ohio very soon. You were just in Toledo in January. Hopefully, you'll be through our state again too.

Donald Trump: I'll be there soon and I'll see you. I'd love you to come around. You've been a really great friend and you know what? You've got a great show too.

Scott Sands: Mr. President, I'm going to hold you to it. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, you have great people. You have tough people too like Jim Jordan. You have plenty of tough ones, right? They are tough cookies. There's no games with Jim and so many people. I love that state. I tell you.

Scott Sands: We're trying to buy Jim a sports coat to wear in Congress.

Donald Trump: Well, he likes showing off those Buffaloes, NCAA champion wrestler right? He likes showing off those muscles, I guess. Right? But he's a great guy. He's a great patriot too and he loves your state. So Scott, you take care of yourself. When I come in, you'll come and join us I hope.

Scott Sands: I will be there with bells on sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much Scott. Take care of yourself.

Scott Sands: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Goodbye.

Scott Sands: The president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. You're on the Scott Sands Show news radio 1370 and 92.9 FM.