Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-nexstar-jessi-turnure-july-7-2020

Jessi Turnure: Can Americans expect more stimulus checks from you?

Donald Trump: The answer is yes, we're working on it right now with Congress. The economy is going up at rapid levels. You probably seen it. It's all over the place and it's really been amazing job numbers and we are working on another stimulus package, and that'll take place I think very soon.

Jessi Turnure: How mu -- how much do you think? I know you we're reaching for more than $1,200.

Donald Trump: Well, it's going to be numbers that will be significant. I think I want more than other people's -- people want to do. But it'll be significant numbers great for the people of our country.

Jessi Turnure: Now, ahead of your discussions this afternoon about schools. When you talk about the economy, one could argue that returning to school is one of the most important things. To kick start it to send parents back. What can you say specifically that your administration is doing to make sure that schools can reopen safely?

Donald Trump: Well, we want to see the schools open in the fall and we think we'll win in a position to do that. But I think it's very important that schools have to open. Even from a pare -- parental standpoint, they have the kids at home, and now, they have -- do they have daycare? What do they do? The parents don't know what to do and they have a job, and now, they're all starting to go back to work.

Donald Trump: So we want to see the schools open. It's a disease that has very little impact on young people. And we think we're going to be in a very good position. Plus, we -- we're coming up with great therapeutics and we're coming up with a vaccine. A vaccine, I think it's going to be announced very soon.

Jessi Turnure: Will there be some sort of, if not a national testing strategy, at least some recommendations about depending on where you are at in the phases, what you should do as a superintendent?

Donald Trump: It may be, we're going to see. Well, we have a long time to think about the school stuff because you know -- but we want to have the schools open and we want to have the whole -- the whole country is going to be open very soon and that's why you're seeing a lot of -- a tremendous amount of improvement. And frankly, I would say that when we talk about the fall that seems like a long time.

Donald Trump: It's a long time.

Jessi Turnure: And then when you talk about a stimulus package and there's negotiations still going on, is it fair to say it would be something if it didn't include a payroll tax cut?

Donald Trump: If it didn't include what we think we need for the economy and for jobs, I would absolutely veto it, yes.

Jessi Turnure: You've talked about -- you've tweeted you about NASCAR. I wanted to ask you about the NFL.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jessi Turnure: What do you think about them potentially requiring playing the Black national anthem for every team's first game?

Donald Trump: Well, that's going to be up to them. But when you say the Black national anthem, I know we're playing the national anthem and I think people should stand proudly for the national anthem.

Jessi Turnure: Something that people have also wanted to get a straight answer from the White House as well is, just when it comes to the Confederate flag, what is your stance speci -- personally on that in our society?

Donald Trump: My stance is very simple. It's freedom of speech. You do what you do. It's freedom of speech. Yeah. NASCAR can do whatever they want and they've chosen to go a certain way. Other people choose to go a different route, but it's freedom of speech.

Jessi Turnure: So how should people take your tweets then that have been more critical?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think they were critical. I was just talking about the fact that NASCAR chose to go a certain way and that's going to be up to them. That is up to them. I'm very friendly with NASCAR. I know the people there. I know drivers. I know a lot of them, but I view it as freedom of speech.