Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-washington-examiner-salena-zito-september-3-2020

Note: [The following is a transcript provided by the Washington Examiner of Salena Zito's interview with Donald Trump in Latrobe, Pennsylvania on September 3, 2020. Zito notes the transcript is lightly edited. Verbatim, what is stated: "What follows is a lightly edited transcript of a conversation between the Washington Examiner's Salena Zito and President Trump following his Thursday night rally in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. The audio was inaudible at points due to background noise from music, the crowd, and Air Force One."]

Salena Zito: Why was it really important for you to go to Kenosha?

Donald Trump: Because I love our law enforcement. They've done such an effective job. They straightened everything out in less than an hour. They've done an incredible job, Salena. And I went there. I met with them. I don't think Biden did. I met with them. And I thanked them for the great job they did. We could do the same thing in Portland.

Donald Trump: We could do the same thing all over.

Salena Zito: Biden and the Democrats spent four days of their convention not talking at all about the riots --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Salena Zito: -- not talking about the protests, and he came here to Pittsburgh, and then, he mentions the riots and protests, but he also blamed you for them, and he all of a sudden changed his mind about fracking. I would love to get your thoughts about that.

Donald Trump: It's a fraud campaign. The whole thing is a fraud, and it's not him. It is other people that are writing his scripts. He has no idea what's happening. Look, was totally against fracking, right? Then, all of a sudden, three days ago, he saw what was happening here. The real numbers are through the roof. I don't know if you see what's going on.

Donald Trump: Now, a poll came out just recently that we're up in Pennsylvania a little while ago. But our polls are showing way up. This is not the crowd. We had 6-7,000 people behind the hangar that couldn't get in.

Salena Zito: We were out there. We see it.

Donald Trump: I don't know. It's so disappointing. I don't know why. You could've moved us back further or something , but we had the same thing in New Hampshire. We had thousands of people here, but we had thousands of people along the runway that couldn't get in. And it's ridiculous. It's one of those things. What am I going to do?

Donald Trump: It's too bad, because yeah, I hate to see that. They come, and they wait, but I hope you saw what was back there. He was against fracking. He's against guns. He put Beto in because Beto was against... then, once he got the nomination, well, it wasn't really once, it was just... this just started very recently.

Donald Trump: And then, he comes to Pennsylvania, and he sees he's not getting the votes. It's actually 923,000 jobs, the real number, not 600. All of a sudden, he keeps changing. But he's not in control of the party. Other people are in control of the party. And it's a very sad thing. To me, it's a very sad thing to see.

Donald Trump: But I think we're doing really well. I have to say this. We were on cruise control until the plague came in. And when the plague came in, I had to go back to work. It really started, I think, in terms of campaigning. It started, I think, I said it tonight. Did you get to hear much of it?

Salena Zito: Yes, I heard the whole thing.

Donald Trump: OK, good, because it really did. From Mount Rushmore till now -- and we're leading in Florida. We're leading in Pennsylvania. We're leading in North Carolina. We had the same kind of crowds yesterday in North Carolina. You know, it's been amazing. We're leading in Michigan, I just saw. Two up in Michigan.

Salena Zito: We're at the Arnold Palmer --

Donald Trump: Friend of mine.

Salena Zito: Yeah. Did you ever golf with him?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Salena Zito: He was a very humble man.

Donald Trump: Right.

Salena Zito: Did he teach you what people are like from western Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: So, Arnold was a friend of mine, and I got to know him really in his last 20 years. But he was a fantastic man. You're right, he was a humble man. He was a very humble man. It's what people loved about him. Some great champions. He was a great champion. Some are very arrogant. Some are very humble, but most are arrogant.

Donald Trump: It just seems to me. Arnold was a unique person, because everyone loves him. He really made golf. I mean, he was so big. He was such a good person. And he was very successful. And you know, he actually founded, with Mark McCormick, IMG. He was the first client of IMG. I mean, Arnold was a great guy. I got to know him very well, actually.

Salena Zito: How important is this state for you?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Salena Zito: How important is Pennsylvania for you?

Donald Trump: Well, Pennsylvania's very important. I went to school here. I know the state very well, and I think we're going to win Pennsylvania. I think you see this is not the crowd of somebody that comes in second, Salena. If Biden came here, you'd have 200 people show up, if that. You saw what happened. You saw what showed up yesterday when he went to Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: He had nobody. Today, he had nobody. Today, he had nobody. So, I just think we're going to do very well. I say this, because she got it better than anybody and earlier. I will never forget your piece. She wrote an article on the road. She was on the road. And she said, "Things are going on that you've never seen before." Let me tell you.

Donald Trump: There's more enthusiasm now than there was four years ago.

Salena Zito: I just drove all 67 counties in Pennsylvania. I'm not going to argue with that. The intensity level is pretty high.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like it. Now, we had a lot last time. You wrote about it. A lot. But this blows it away. They love the job I'm doing. I'm doing the right job.

Salena Zito: I heard you talking about mail-in voting, and you presented a new scenario where you encouraged people to --

Donald Trump: They got to follow their vote.

Salena Zito: -- mail their vote, but then follow it.

Donald Trump: They got to follow their vote.

Salena Zito: What is your concern about the system? Is it the mail system, or is it once it gets the precinct?

Donald Trump: The mail system is the least of it. It's who's sending it, where are they sending it, who's getting it? Are they going to send it to Democrat areas but not to Republican areas? The mail system is the least of it... I'm not even talking about that. It's where are they sending it, who's sending it, where is it going?

Donald Trump: Then, how do you get it back? They're going to [Inaudible]. There's a theory they're going to go into areas like nursing homes and get people to -- it's almost elder abuse -- get people to sign. It's a horrible thing that's happening to our country if they allow this to happen. We have many lawsuits right now.

Donald Trump: We have a big one in western Pennsylvania, in front of a very smart judge, and I hope that we're going to do very well. The other thing is, you might not know for months if this is allowed. Look at what happened with Carolyn Maloney and all this other -- in a little district, a congressional district, a very easy one, with very few votes cast, very few.

Donald Trump: Some people don't vote too much. They have no idea where the ballots are. It's all gone. Now, you're talking about 80 million ballots? You may never have an answer to the election. It's so serious. They try and belittle it, like, "Oh, this is terrible." It is such a serious problem, Salena. Such a serious problem.

Salena Zito: You had a very unique convention where you had a very diverse group of people tell their story from their heart, and they came from -- they had all kinds of tragedies and triumphs and successes and failures. Why was that important for you to convey that?

Donald Trump: I thought it was a great convention. I think that having people like Herschel Walker say the facts because he knows me well, saying, "Do you think I'd hang out with a racist for 30 years?" Having those incredible people, including farmers, dairy people, we had lumber people, people that have been taking advantages for years with lumber and lumber prices, what Canada's done to them, and I've solved all of these problems.

Donald Trump: They came to thank me. I thought it was a great convention. I thought it was a great convention.

Salena Zito: What's next for you?

Donald Trump: Well, we're making a lot of stops. We can't do the arenas, although I think these are equal to. I actually think it's --

Salena Zito: This was pretty fun for supporters.

Donald Trump: Yeah, pretty much. These are equal to, but here you can be outside. You know it's from the standpoint of COVID or the China virus, it's much better. We may do the arenas, but honestly, I did many of these last time too. I think, look at all the people out there. I think that you add this up... thousands of people back there.

Salena Zito: One last question. You came to the White House as a political outsider, as someone who never held office before, and you came in D.C. What have you learned that you would like to take into your next term about how D.C. works?

Donald Trump: I've learned that we have great people, and I've learned you have very bad people and very deceptive people. And when I came to Washington, I was only here 17 times in my entire life. Never stayed over. I understand the system very well. It's a very important system. I don't know if it's good, bad, or indifferent, but it's a very important system.

Donald Trump: We're going to do further tax cuts. We're going to do further regulation cuts, knowing that we want some regulation, you understand, but you couldn't build a highway. You couldn't build a factory. You couldn't do anything. We've done more than anybody's ever done. We're finishing up the military. We totally rebuilt our military.

Donald Trump: The wall is going to be complete very soon. You know, we're doing 10 miles a week, and the wall will be finished very, very shortly. Had a huge impact. The border is now secure, and especially with the pandemic, because Mexico's a very heavily infected country. We will have appointed almost 300, about 300 federal judges including court of appeals judges and two Supreme Court justices.

Salena Zito: If you have a Supreme Court justice nomination that you have to fill between now and Election Day, will you fill that?

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, that's a very controversial question. But, and certainly, we wish everybody the best, you understand.

Salena Zito: Right.

Donald Trump: No, if we have the time, I would do that. Yes. If we have the time, I would do that. Maybe we won't have time. You know, because I wish Justice Ginsberg the best.