Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-business-maria-bartiromo-october-8-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided by Fox Business Network's Mornings With Maria. It was checked and confirmed for accuracy. Video and transcript courtesy of Fox Business Network.]

Maria Bartiromo: Welcome back. Good morning, everyone. As promised, now, President Trump joining me live. The president telling his doctor, quote, "I feel great," in a memo he released yesterday. Meanwhile, the president praised the Regeneron antibody cocktail, calling it, quote, "a cure," prompting the company to seek emergency FDA approval overnight.

Maria Bartiromo: Joining me right now is the president of the United States, in his first interview since his COVID-19 diagnosis, Donald J. Trump. Mr. President, thank you so much for being here. First question is, how are you feeling? How is the First Lady feeling this morning?

Donald Trump: She's feeling good. I'm feeling good. Really good. I mean, perfect. And we're ready to go. I'm ready to go except the quarantine situation that you have for a little while after you get tested or whatever the procedure is. But I'm ready to do -- and I'm looking forward to doing the rallies. I heard that the commission, a little while ago, changed the debate style.

Donald Trump: And that's not acceptable to us. I beat him easily in the first debate, according to the polls that I've seen, but I beat him easily in the -- I felt I beat him easily. I think he felt it too. He wouldn't answer any questions, and he had the protection of Chris Wallace all night long. It was -- I thought he -- I thought Chris Wallace was a disaster.

Donald Trump: But I beat him in the first debate. At the second debate we have a never Trumper as a host, but that's OK because I'd beat him in the second debate also. And -- but I'm not going to do a virtual debate.

Maria Bartiromo: So -- so you're not -- so, Mr. President, you're not going to do it because the CPD, the Commission on Presidential Debates, announcing this morning that the second presidential debate will be virtual. You're saying you're not going to participate?

Donald Trump: No, I'm not going to waste my time on a virtual debate. That's not what debating is all about. You sit behind a computer and do a debate. It's ridiculous. And then they cut you off whenever they want. I have a host, who I always thought was a nice guy, but I see he's a never Trumper, you know, came out that he's a never Trumper.

Donald Trump: And we do have some of them, Maria, believe it or not, because they don't like to win. And -- so, but I'm not doing -- I'm not doing a virtual --

Maria Bartiromo: I -- I believe that moderator, at one point --

Donald Trump: They -- they didn't even tell us about the debate, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: At one point the -- so you just learned this, this morning?

Donald Trump: Yes, we learned it the same way you learned it. They called up two minutes ago, and it was announced. And they tried to protect Biden. Everybody is. They're trying -- like that NBC disaster where he went on the show with Lester Holt. It was like it was meant for a child. It wasn't meant for a grown person.

Donald Trump: He gets up and he says, we're not fracking. We're not fracking. He was fracking. For six months he was fracking. He was raising his -- his very thin hand and he was fracking. And now all of a sudden he's not fracking. Well, tell the Pennsylvania people that you're going -- it's ridiculous. He said he's not fracking.

Donald Trump: That's all he said. And then all of a sudden he goes to a fracking mode.

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: And how about her, she committed her life to it. And all of a sudden she's a fracker. She's a big fracker. They're going to stop fracking the minute they get into office. They're lying to everybody. They're lying about so many different things. But you have to confront people. You can't do it over the computer.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, I want to talk to you about that. I want to talk to you about what -- what you heard last night. But -- but, Mr. President, you say you're not going to do this debate. Address the criticism, Mr. President, the criticism that you removed your mask for a photo op. You got to the top of the -- the steps, you removed it.

Maria Bartiromo: People are worried about your recent diagnosis. Now you've got 30 plus people with coronavirus in and around the White House. Address that concern for us, Mr. President, as you tell the Commission on Debates you're not going to do this virtually.

Donald Trump: Yes, well, first of all, I think I'm better. I -- when -- when -- to a point where I -- I'd love to do a rally tonight. I wanted to do one last night. But I think I'm better to a point that I feel better than I did, you know, I jokingly said 20 years ago. I feel perfect. There's nothing wrong. I had a case.

Donald Trump: I -- I got it knocked out. I think it was Regeneron that was responsible for it. Because of that, it was sort of like almost a -- a gift from heaven because -- because of what I went through, and I had a -- you know, I felt pretty lousy. A lot of people did. A lot of people do. You know, no matter how good the security, you're not going to protect yourselves from this thing with just your standard anything unless you just literally don't come out.

Donald Trump: And even those people found out -- did you see in New York City, the most heavily locked down place, the people that got it the most were the people that were caught in their houses, in their apartments, OK? It's -- it's one of those things that --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, you know what --

Donald Trump: Yes, go ahead, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: I'm glad you brought up New York because, Mr. President, I'm glad you brought up New York because, yesterday, Andrew Cuomo, the governor of New York, said that the city is going to be lockdown until November 3rd.

Donald Trump: Well --

Maria Bartiromo: Not November 2nd, November 3rd, which, of course, is Election Day, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, that's because they're trying to hurt the economy as much as possible, the Democrats. They want a November 3rd because this is where they figure the economy would hurt a little bit better. My numbers won't be as good. But, actually, our numbers are going to be great. Our numbers for the third quarter are going to be through the roof.

Donald Trump: Retail sales, employment, all of these numbers are going to be great. So I don't know what they're doing. It's a shame what's happened to New York. It's like a ghost town. It's like a sad, sad place, New York.

Maria Bartiromo: I want to go -- yes. And this was your home. I mean, you know, you love New York.

Donald Trump: It was so sad. I have friends -- I have friends living there. They are leaving.

Maria Bartiromo: Look, I want to go back to -- to the coronavirus for a moment because the testing at the White House, I know, is incredible, and everybody gets tested every day. You can't even come in to see you without getting tested. Every precaution was taken to protect you. Anybody who came within feet had to be tested.

Maria Bartiromo: How is it possible that you did contract the coronavirus? And what kind of protections are you putting in place now? You say you feel great, but the media is out there saying, well, you're contagious. Do you feel that you are? I mean, obviously, you wouldn't feel that way if you're saying you are ready to go to a rally.

Donald Trump: No, I don't think I'm contagious, but we still have to wait -- I don't think I'm contagious at all. Well, first of all, if I'm at a rally, I stand by myself very far away from everybody. So whether I was or not. But I -- I don't -- I wouldn't -- I still wouldn't go to a rally if I was contagious. But, no, it takes a certain period of time.

Donald Trump: I feel that I'm -- I'm -- I feel that I'm great. You catch this thing. A lot of people caught it. Look, you have the governor of Virginia, he wore a mask all the time, you'd never seen the guy without a mask, he catches it. You have senators that wore masks all the time, Thom Tillis, a very good guy, who's, I think, now going to win his race because there's a part -- his opponent happened to have not one affair but two affairs, OK?

Donald Trump: That was not good timing. And I think Thom Tillis is going to win his race. And he should win it. He's a good man. But he was known as "the mask," Mr. Mask we'd call him. He caught it. You catch this thing. It's, you know, it's -- it's particles of dust. It's tiny stuff. Now, as far as the White House is concerned, somebody got in.

Donald Trump: There was a day of celebration with Notre Dame, et cetera, et cetera. Somebody got in and people got affected. Whether it was there or something else. And, remember this, when you catch it, you get better. And then you're immune, you know? I -- as soon as everything goes away for me, you're immune. And --

Maria Bartiromo: So how -- tell me how you felt.

Donald Trump: What?

Maria Bartiromo: It's amazing to me that you're -- tell me -- tell me how you felt, what you went through. It's amazing to me that you're back in such strong form right now. How did that happen? You've been talking about Regeneron. Eli Lilly and Regeneron want FDA approval for emergency use at this point. Are they going to get it?

Donald Trump: Yes. And they're going to get it. Yes, they're going to get it. I -- I'm back because I'm a perfect, physical specimen and I'm extremely young. And so I'm lucky in that way. And --

Maria Bartiromo: How -- how was it? What were your symptoms? How did you feel?

Donald Trump: And in all -- seriously, I don't have any -- I don't have heart problems. I don't have diabetes. I don't have any of the problems that you read about. Perhaps a couple of pounds we could lose here and there, but, you know, because a lot of people in that category. But, no, I'm in good health and I'm -- you know.

Donald Trump: Well, look, what happens is, if you're anywhere around this thing, you can catch it. People caught it. And I'm not just talking about this location, I'm talking about many other locations. Now, what happens is you get better. That's what happens, you get better. Now, we have drugs now that we didn't even know about four months ago, like Regeneron, like -- and I'm not even talking about Remdesivir.

Donald Trump: Remdesivir is, you know, it's fine. But -- but the Regeneron was -- I -- I view it as a cure, not just a therapeutic. I view it as a cure because I took it. And Eli Lilly has a great drug. I spoke to the head of it, David, last night, the company, very much along the lines of Regeneron. And they work in a very similar way.

Donald Trump: It's great. And what I'm doing is I'm going to supply this drug. It made me better, I will tell you right now. I walked in. I didn't feel great. I think I would have done it fine without drugs. It -- you know, you don't really need drugs. And you -- they also like to give you steroids, like a storied combination for a short period of time because that stop the swelling, like a baseball pitcher would use a steroid to, you know, when his arm blows up.

Donald Trump: They want to stop the swelling of the lungs in particular. And so they gave -- they gave me a steroid, which is a very easy thing to take.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, you said it was a blessing.

Donald Trump: But, no, I had tremendous luck with this Regeneron. And Eli Lilly, I would have had the luck -- what I'm doing now, and I don't know if you saw the video I made last night, but I made a video. I put it out. And thank --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, I did. And you said it was a blessing in disguise.

Donald Trump: A blessing in disguise. I'm -- I'm glad because I'm the leader. And I can't be like Biden where I hang out in a basement every day. Sure, he -- if I wanted to hang out in a basement, I wouldn't catch it, but I meet a lot of people and I have to. I'm the president of the country. I can't hang around in a basement.

Donald Trump: So, I figured there would be a chance that I would catch it. Sometimes I'd be with -- in groups of -- for instance gold-star families. I met with gold-star families. I didn't want to cancel that. But they all came in and they all talked about their son and daughter and father. And they all came up to me and they tell me a story, Maria.

Donald Trump: It was really amazing actually, beautiful but sad. And they come up and they tell me a story about my son, sir, was in Iraq or he was in Afghanistan. And sir, he did this and he did that and then he charged in order to save his friends. And yes, sir, he was killed but he saved his friends. He's so brave, sir.

Donald Trump: And they tell me these stories and I can't say back up, stand ten feet, I just can't do it. And I went through like 35 people and everyone had a different story. I could also say don't tell stories. They're telling the story of their son who just died or daughter --

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: -- or husband who just died in a war or recently died, mostly over the last 10, 12 years but some very recent. And I can't back up, Maria, and say give me room, I want room. Give me 12 feet, stay 12 feet away when you talk. They come within an inch of my face sometimes. They want to hug me and they want to kiss me.

Donald Trump: And they do. And frankly, I'm not telling them to back up. I'm not doing it. But I did say it's like -- it's obviously dangerous. It's a dangerous thing I guess if you go by the COVID thing. But I'm thinking --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Look, I look at the numbers. I figured that you probably -- that probably at some point I'd catch it and I'll get better. That's what happened. I've caught it. I could've been out of the hospital in one day. I had the Regeneron. And I don't know what would've happened without the Regeneron. All I know is I had it and I was better within 24 hours.

Donald Trump: I felt perfect. I feel perfect now, Maria, otherwise I wouldn't be able to speak to you.

Maria Bartiromo: And you are back in it sort of knee deep in work again. I want to ask you about the stimulus plan, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Yes. I was yesterday and the day before and the day before that. I worked from the hospital. I worked a full schedule. I missed very little --

Maria Bartiromo: Well --

Donald Trump: -- time.

Maria Bartiromo: -- you're calling for aid now. You want aid for the airlines, for small business $1,200 checks but you just said that you were shutting down talks with Nancy Pelosi. How do you want to see aid play out and what do you want as far as a priority on stimulus?

Donald Trump: Well, I shutdown talks two days ago because they weren't working out. Now they are starting to work out. We're starting to have some very productive talks. And she wants it to happen too. She doesn't want it not to happen. I believe she wants it to happen because it's so good for our country. We really need it.

Donald Trump: It wasn't our workers fault. It wasn't our airlines fault that China did this terrible thing to us that I will not be forgetting about that. China did this. This was all done by China. And we shouldn't be hurting our workers because China out the curse on because this was a horrible scourge, a horrible thing that they did.

Donald Trump: And so I said -- I said, look, we're not getting anywhere, shut it down. And I'm -- I didn't want to waste time but in any event, after that we got back, both sides very capable. We got back, we started talking again and we're talking about airlines and we're talking about a bigger deal than airlines. We're talking about a deal with $1,200 per person.

Donald Trump: We're talking about other things. But it's not anybody's fault.

Maria Bartiromo: So you --

Donald Trump: They were trying to get things and we were trying to get things and it wasn't going anywhere. I shut it down. I don't want to play games. And then we reopened and I see the markets are doing well but I think we have a really good chance of doing something. And Nancy Pelosi, look, she's not my favorite person.

Donald Trump: She impeached me for no reason. So when you get impeached for no reason you have a little bit of a tell-tale lag. But she impeached me over a phone call that was absolutely perfect, OK? And everybody knew it and they never had a chance. And -- but I start to go through a process which is ridiculous. So, it's not like --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, the impeachment trial --

Donald Trump: -- she's the greatest person in the world.

Maria Bartiromo: The impeachment trial was not based -- was not based on any actual crime. But I want to talk about that because you've been facing incredible resistance your entire term and you've taken some real bold action this week authorizing the disclosure of all of the documents related to the Russia hoax --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: -- Mr. President. We now know from these documents that John Ratcliffe unveiled that it was Hilary Clinton's idea to tie you to Russia in some way. It was successful. The whole country was talking about it for two and a half years. But what comes next, Mr. President? We can have all of these documents, we can see exactly what happened but unless John Dorn comes out with a report or indictments unless Bill Barr comes out with a -- a -- some kind of a ruling here, do you think this is resonating on the American people?

Donald Trump: Unless Bill Barr indicts these people for crimes, the greatest political crime in the history of our country, then we're going to get little satisfaction unless I win and we'll just have to go, because I won't forget it. But these people should be indicted, this was the greatest political crime in the history of our country and that includes Obama and it includes Biden.

Donald Trump: These are people that spied on my campaign and we have everything. Now they say they have much more, OK? And I say, Bill, we've got plenty, you don't need any more. We've got so much, Maria, even -- just take a look at the Comey report, 78 pages of kill, done by Horowitz, and I have a lot of respect for Horowitz, and he said prosecute.

Donald Trump: He recommended prosecute and they didn't prosecute. I was -- I couldn't believe it, but they didn't do it, because they said we have much bigger fish to fry. Well, that's OK, they indicted Flynn for lying and he didn't lie. They destroyed many lives, Roger Stone, over nothing. They destroyed lives. Look at Manafort, they sent in a black book, it was a phony black book, phony, they made up a black book of cash that he got from Ukraine or someplace and he didn't get any cash.

Donald Trump: It was a phony book.

Maria Bartiromo: So, I mean, what --

Donald Trump: What they've done to people, Carter Page --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, I mean, Brennan, John -- and -- we're going to have Carter Page coming on, he's going to tell his story. And we just heard from George Papadopoulos --

Donald Trump: Good.

Maria Bartiromo: -- their lives have been completely changed. John Brennan briefed President Obama on this. What else is needed to ensure that the American people understand what took place, trampling on American people's rights and liberties before the election?

Donald Trump: Look, we have all the evidence in the world, in addition to that I released everything, every document, I don't care what it pertains to, I released everything. I've declassified, I'm the only one in the country that has the power to do that. I've declassified everything. I did it a year ago, actually, for Bill Barr.

Donald Trump: I declassified everything so they would have no -- so there's not a document they can't have. But, it's still not that easy, you have a deep state, you have a group of people that don't want to have documents shown, which tells you bad thing, you know, but they -- they have to give them ultimately and we're getting them, you know.

Donald Trump: Yesterday John -- John gave -- John Ratcliffe, who's terrific, he gave over 1,000 pages of documents and that people couldn't get. And they're breaking down, the FBI slowly but surely giving us what they want. Disappointing how they're responding.

Maria Bartiromo: But how come we haven't -- how come we haven't seen this stuff before? We had a Mueller Report, a Michael Horowitz Report, a Senate Intel report and where was Christopher Wray in all of this? Let me ask you, Mr. President, address -- address Christopher Wray. Will you replace him in a second term?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to say that yet, he's been disappointing. He talks about, you know, even the voting thing that he doesn't see the voting ballots as a problem. There's thousands of ballots right there, you pick up any paper in the country practically and they're cheating all over the place on the ballots.

Donald Trump: So, how is that not a problem? That's a much bigger problem than China or Russia if you look at it. It's a much bigger problem So when, you know, when you say that, oh, I don't see that as a problem. Pick up the newspaper and read, and they lost 1,000 ballots in -- or were defrauded in North Carolina, 500 ballots were sent to Virginia erroneously.

Donald Trump: When you look at what happened in -- just take a look at what happened in New York with the Carolyn Maloney race, it was a disaster how they were able to give her that victory. I don't know the other guy, he was a Democrat in the primary, but it was just a small primary. [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: And in L.A. County.

Donald Trump: Well, you take a look at that and see what happens --

Maria Bartiromo: That the swing as well --

Donald Trump: Look at what happened -- look at what happened yesterday.

Maria Bartiromo: More than 2,000 -- more than 2 --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: -- yes, more than 2,000 L.A. County ballots printed, mailed without presidential election -- without the presidential race on the ballots.

Donald Trump: Right. They forgot to put my name on the ballot.

Maria Bartiromo: Ballots are being thrown in the trash. Ballots are being sent to dead people. I have another story everyday on this situation. What are you going to do about it, Mr. President? If they cheated in 2016, they're going to cheat again. How are you going to stop this and ensure that you have the wherewithal to fight back if it's all ballot lies?

Donald Trump: Two-thousands ballots --

Maria Bartiromo: Joe Biden has 18 -- 800 lawyers -- 800 lawyers.

Donald Trump: -- they forgot one minor detail. They forgot one minor detail. They put my name on the ballot. OK? Other than that, the ballots were wonderful, right? These are cheaters. These are -- these are con men, these are cheaters that we're dealing with in Nevada. They don't want to have any signature on the ballots.

Donald Trump: He's a real beauty, you know, he comes out of the -- he comes out of the political party, he got to be governor. You can't even get a site, if you want to make a speech in Nevada, you can't even get a site, I got a site because I'm president, but you can't even get a site. It's very hard to get a political site to make a speech for -- to have thousands of people show up.

Donald Trump: They have them all over the place, but you know, he makes it so that it's very difficult. Anybody else can't get a site. And he's in charge of the ballots. And there's bad things happening out there. Now, we have law enforcement watching him, very strong. U.S. attorney is watching him very strongly. The U.S. marshal is watching.

Donald Trump: In New Mexico, a state that I think we can win, we have the U.S. marshal and the U.S. attorney watching him. So it's not -- it's not easy for them because we've got people watching. Nobody ever had. But it's a corrupt system because they're sending out millions of ballots. Now, when you send out millions of ballots, when you're the sender, you can send them wherever you want.

Donald Trump: You can send them to Democrat areas, Republican areas. You don't have to send them at all. Mailmen are being, as you know, indicted. One was indicted yesterday in New Jersey, another one was indicted in West Virginia.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Mailmen. Ballots are being found in riverbeds. They dumped a whole -- they call it a tray. A tray is a lot of ballots I don't know what -- how many, but it's a lot.

Maria Bartiromo: Wow.

Donald Trump: They found trays of ballots in -- in a river. They found eight ballots with my name on, military ballots, eight ballots with my name on it in a wastepaper basket in another good state. Now, it's a terrible thing.

Maria Bartiromo: This is incredible interference.

Donald Trump: And then when you bring it up they say -- Maria, then when you bring it up, oh, he's not for freedom.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: He's not for a smooth transfer, you know.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, they keep bringing up the fact that you will not say if I lose I will leave the White House, Mr. President. And Hillary Clinton told Joe Biden he needs to contest this election, not concede at all. So what do you think, is this election going to be contested if you win?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you what I think. Yes, I'll tell you what I think. If you were running for office, and if you see thousands and thousands of ballots being thrown into rivers, and they have your name on it in some cases, in other words people -- we had military ballots where people voted for me, military, the military's going to vote for me because I -- I rebuilt the military.

Donald Trump: I love the military, despite their phony story that they made up about standing at a grave. It's a totally made up story. They don't even have any witnesses. They made it up. And that's why they're lowlifes because then they went -- they made it up and then they went with the story they know wasn't true but they use it all the time.

Donald Trump: Actually, it was Joe Biden that called the military a bunch of dirty bastards and he said it on tape. He called them a bunch of dirt bastards and he said it on tape. Nobody brings that up. The press doesn't bring that up. They made up a story with me about what I said. It's the most angered I was in this campaign when they did that.

Donald Trump: I said, now the gloves are off. Let the gloves be off.

Maria Bartiromo: And -- in fact, one of your priorities has been to bring the troops back home. This is your -- your -- your latest --

Donald Trump: They're coming home.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, from Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: What can you tell us -- you say you think all of the troops will be home by Christmas or are you looking at mid-2021.

Donald Trump: Shortly -- shortly by the end of the year. Yes, so what's happened is, you know, we're in negotiations. But, look, the other side's tired of fighting, too, 19 years. It's been 19 years. And I've been bringing them home. We're down to 4,000 troops in Afghanistan. And I'll have them home by the end of the year.

Donald Trump: They're coming home, you know, as we speak. And -- 19 years is enough. They're acting as policemen, OK, they're not acting as troops. We have the greatest troops in the world. I wiped out a hundred percent of ISIS caliphate. I killed Soleimani. I killed al-Baghdadi. Names that everybody -- bigger names than Osama bin laden.

Donald Trump: Al-Baghdadi founded ISIS. Soleimani was the worst terrorist in 50 years. I killed both of them. Nobody could find them until I came along. But we've done a great job. Our soldiers have been fantastic. I've rebuilt our military. I want our military home because, you know what, we're all over the world. We're in all these different sites fighting in countries that nobody ever heard of and it hurts us because we're -- you wear out your military.

Donald Trump: And we have to be always prepared for China and Russia and these other places. We have to be prepared. Maybe North Korea.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Whatever happened to North Korea, by the way. Remember we were going to be in a war with North Korea. We're getting along very well. And, you know, we could have lost -- we could have lost a couple of million people.

Maria Bartiromo: And you stepped over the DMZ, I know that.

Donald Trump: Hey, we could have lost a couple of million people in North Korea.

Maria Bartiromo: That did not come up at the debate last night.

Donald Trump: No, they don't bring it up because it's a positive story.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, I want to get your reaction to the debate last night.

Donald Trump: They don't bring it up because it's a positive story.

Maria Bartiromo: Vice President Pence accused the Biden campaign of plagiarism when it comes to what his plan is. It looks awfully similar to your plan in terms of bringing jobs back to America, firing up the manufacturing industry here. What was your reaction to the debate? What wasn't said that you would have liked to come out and where do you think the most striking moments were?

Donald Trump: I thought that wasn't even a contest last night. She was terrible. She was -- I don't think you could get worse. And totally unlikable. And she is. She's a Communist. She's left of Bernie. She's rated left of Bernie by everybody. She's a Communist. We're going to have a Communist -- and she's going to be -- in my opinion, within a month.

Donald Trump: Look, I sit next to Joe and I looked at Joe. Joe's not lasting two months as president, OK, that's my opinion. He's not going to be lasting two months. You know, they all like to say, oh, it was so nice, he took his ads down.

Maria Bartiromo: So you think she'll be the president?

Donald Trump: He didn't take his ads down. It was all nonsense. He never -- he never took his ads down. No, I -- no, she's a Communist. She's not a socialist. She's well beyond a socialist. Take a look at her views. She wants to open up the borders to allow killers and murderers and rapists to pour into our country. We have the tightest borders we've ever had right now.

Donald Trump: I have the wall. It's up to 350 miles long. It will be finished very soon. It's had a tremendous impact. And, frankly, we're working along very well with Mexico. But it's hard to get into our country. And when we do have people in our country that are bad, I throw them out. We're throwing out thousands -- tens of thousands of people and they're murderers and they're rapists.

Donald Trump: She wants to allow everybody in stay in our country. Look at the manifesto. You know, Bernie lies about all this stuff because, you know, Bernie is -- is the guy that's -- that's -- crazy Bernie, he's the one that's really angry, and so is AOC, because, you know, he thought that they had a man in Biden that was going to agree to what they agreed to.

Donald Trump: And that's no fracking, open borders, you know, sanctuary cities, all of this stuff. He's still probably going to do sanctuary cities because, you know, that, for whatever reason.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, to be --

Donald Trump: But -- but, but, Maria, just to finish --

Maria Bartiromo: Should Kamala --

Donald Trump: He -- he goes out and he says no fracking for months during the Democrat debates --

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: And then he gets up and he says, no, we're going to frack. Pennsylvania will never go for him because Pennsylvania has a million jobs that are fracking. Fracking is energy. That's what they do now, fracking. And you got a million jobs that are energy. Their -- their energy costs would triple if they didn't do fracking.

Donald Trump: The energy costs in our country would quadruple if we didn't frack. So he goes around bragging to the liberal Democrats and the radical left, there will be no fracking. Then he gets on the stage, in a more normal time, with people like -- that are normal, like us, that have to have fracking for the jobs, for the cost, for the -- we're energy independent now because of fracking.

Donald Trump: And he says, oh, yes, I'll frack. Take a look at the pictures. I'm sure you've seen them 100 times.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Take a look at him denying, there will be no fracking. That's his exact quote.

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: There will be --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, and -- and then --

Donald Trump: She made it even more a fact. She laughed about it.

Maria Bartiromo: And yet she said it was a fact, that -- that, you know, she said, that's a fact. She -- she sort of put an exclamation point on it. But this was one of your key themes in terms of turning the economy around. You opened up the spigot on energy, along with cutting taxes and cutting regulation.

Donald Trump: Totally. We're he totally energy independent.

Maria Bartiromo: It's -- and -- and -- but Biden said he's going to reverse your tax cut plan, Mr. President. That means raising taxes on everybody.

Donald Trump: Substantially.

Maria Bartiromo: Your tax cuts moved the needle. What else do you want to do in terms of tax cuts in a second term? Do you want to lower --

Donald Trump: We're cutting middle income taxes.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, go ahead.

Donald Trump: We're cutting middle income taxes substantially. They know that. We're -- that's what made this thing successful, between that and the regulation cuts. He's going to put all the regulations back on. It's going to take you 20 years to build a highway. I took highway construction down from 19 years to probably one by the time I totally finish it to get it -- and -- and, by the way, if it doesn't work, it's, you know, going to get rejected for environmental or safety reasons.

Donald Trump: But he's -- he's going to put them back. It was taking you 20 years to get a road approved. Twenty years to get a road -- think of it, you start as a young man, by the time you're a middle aged man, they haven't approved it. And, in many cases, then they reject it. You couldn't get anything approved. You couldn't get plants approved.

Donald Trump: You couldn't get energy approved. You couldn't get anything it was so crazy. I showed you that list of -- of things that you have to go through to get a permit in this country for a simple factory.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: It was -- it was 30 feet high. I've taken it down to a year from it could be 20 years, it could be 15, it could be 12. It was massive. And what that would do, it stopped everything. I think that was, frankly, a bigger thing than even the tax cuts. But he -- he wants to end our tax cuts. Two things will happen, we won't have any jobs, all of the companies that are pouring into our country, of which there are many, especially car companies from Japan and Germany and other places, they're going back.

Donald Trump: They're going to go back. If you do that, they're going to go back because our taxes were so onerous and our regulations were so onerous that even if they want -- wanted to come. I have many car companies coming into this country. You know when I was -- when I first started, we hadn't had a car company come in, in many years.

Donald Trump: They weren't coming into this country. This country was off bounds. Now they take advantage of it. They make their car in Japan, Germany, China, and then sell it into our company -- our country. We wouldn't charge. We'd have maximum 2 percent tariff. But we wouldn't even charge them that. And I saved the chicken tax on the truck with South Korea.

Donald Trump: They were going to wipe out the chicken tax.

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: It's a 25 percent tax.

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: If it wasn't for me that tax would be nothing right now. It's the only thing they make money on because they can't compete.

Maria Bartiromo: Well China did not come up very much last night in the debate either and you have been keeping, you know, the pressure on China to ensure that they change their bad behavior. What is your take on where we are in that in terms of the Chinese Communist Party? They're still stealing intellectually property.

Maria Bartiromo: Are you expecting to put more tariffs on China in a second term?

Donald Trump: The deficient was coming way down with China for the first time in 30 years, way, way with China. I was taking in billions of dollars, I took in $28 billion, I gave the money to the farmers because the farmers were targeted by China as a way to get me to negotiate. I said no, instead of that and that's why other presidents, a more normal type president like a sleepy Joe type, China ripped them off for years and years.

Donald Trump: I said to China, listen, you want to play games, so what they do is they say, listen, if you don't give us everything we want, we're not going to buy any corn and we're not going to buy soybeans, we're not going to buy beef. And I say that's OK, don't buy it. I went to the farmers, I said look, we got to play a game with these people but I'm going to put tariffs on you, nobody even heard of tariffs.

Donald Trump: They never even heard of tariffs, nobody. In fact, when I first started doing it, they didn't even know what it meant. I said I'm going to put tariffs to the equivalent that you target --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, it put them on their heels.

Donald Trump: -- yes, to the equivalent that you target our farmers, I'm going to put tariffs on you.

Maria Bartiromo: It them on their heels, for sure.

Donald Trump: We have a lousy phone here.

Maria Bartiromo: But Mr. President, we're just getting this breaking news that the initial jobless claims are out, it was a little higher, it was 840,000 versus estimate 820,000. What about the economy, Mr. President? How are you going to get back to the boom times that we were in before COVID arrived? You had an unemployment rate 3.5 percent, the lowest that anybody had seen in some portions of country.

Maria Bartiromo: Are you going to use same playbook to get us back? Give us some of the tools you will use in a second term.

Donald Trump: Yes, we are. Well, I'm going to use tariffs on China because they want to take them off. We're getting billions of dollars, I was going to tell you that we get 28 billion dollars, because our farmers that's what they got targeted for. I gave all of the money to the farmers, that we had tens of billions left over, which goes into the Treasury.

Donald Trump: China getting killed, we were building -- don't forget, you have been a great reporter a long time. The year 2019, China -- if you go back 10 years, 2019 China takes us over the largest economy on earth. Well, prior to this plague coming in, still by the way, but prior to the plague coming in, China was doing lousy compared to us.

Donald Trump: We were upping them, we were getting bigger and bigger compared to them and we were doing great. We were way ahead of China. Nobody -- China was never going to catch us if we had a smart guy as president. And the tariffs were pouring in billions of dollars. Then I made trade deal and it was a really good deal, they broke it, if you remember.

Donald Trump: I made a bigger trade deal and they broke it at the last minute. With two days left, they broke the deal, they said we can't agree to this. You know, the opening up of China and all the things, so I broke off the deal. Then they came back, and I made a partial deal. It was a deal for the -- a good deal for manufacturers, farmers, et cetera.

Donald Trump: It was more of a -- it was modest but it was still massive deal. Not as big as USMCA by the way, if you can believe that.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, right, right.

Donald Trump: I made a great deal with China, and our farmers -- you know, two weeks ago they made a largest order of corn in history, the largest order of soybeans in history because they want to keep me happy because they know that I'm a hair trigger when it comes to them and I'm sick of them. Everything that we have, we have that COVID, the China virus because of them.

Donald Trump: You look back at other, other infections that we've gotten because of them. This isn't the first time and by the way, the -- the N1 -- H1H1N1 that she always calls -- he always calls it N1H1, the swine flu H1N1, we tried to tell them every time I have to correct him on that. But the -- big deal, if you look at that, he did a horrible job of running it, it was a joke, his own person, Ron Plain, Plain, Ron Plain said he didn't know what he was doing, it was a horror show, he wouldn't run it.

Donald Trump: He didn't -- if he ran this you would have had 2.2 million deaths as opposed to over 200,000 and one is too many because it was China's fault. But if he ran this, you would have had --

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- remember the original projection, Maria, was 2.2 million people will die. If it's not he handled properly.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, that's right.

Donald Trump: Well we're at 200,000, over 200,000.

Maria Bartiromo: You have so much that you're -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: In America, yes. You have so much dealing with, and now you want to get your next Supreme Court Justice confirmed before the election. Do you still feel that you can do that and confirm Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court before --

Donald Trump: Look, we know that the Republicans -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: -- in the next 25 days?

Donald Trump: If we don't, it's the Republicans' fault, because there's no reason why not. Look, I'm president and it's happened 29 times. She made another mistake last night, what she said about Lincoln, she was wrong about that, of course, you know. They -- they were -- they say things, like we go over it, they say we're not going to do this and they're going to do it.

Donald Trump: They say -- they just make -- I've never seen such liars as this, they're worse than crooked Hillary, she was worse in other ways. She was worse when she delete 33,000 e-mails illegally and she should be indicted for that. If people delete e-mails in a regular court case, she delete 33,000 e-mails and nothing happens to her.

Donald Trump: Our justice system, nothing happens to her. With all of the pages of stuff, thousands of pages that we have on them, nothing happens to them. Nothing happens. And you know what --

Maria Bartiromo: Well, this is what I'm saying -- this is what I'm saying -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- I said I'm going to not get involved, but I'm going to have to get involved, because -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: John Ratcliffe -- John Ratcliffe --

Donald Trump: -- these people are crooked people.

Maria Bartiromo: -- declassifies all this stuff, it's sitting on his desk, the 1,000 pages, sitting on A.G. Barr's desk. What is he going to do about it?

Donald Trump: I don't know why they're not doing it. I don't know why they're not doing it. I don't know. I don't know why. You'll have to call -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: You and I had an interview a couple of weeks ago -- you and I had an interview a couple of weeks ago from my upcoming book and I said to you, what was the one thing you learned from your first term? You said, there are protected people. There is so much corruption and they're protected people.

Donald Trump: They're protected.

Maria Bartiromo: Is that who you're referring to, Hillary Clinton is protected, she can delete whatever she wants and nothing happens?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's ridiculous. Look what they do -- look what they do to Flynn and so many other people. Look at what -- how they destroy these people. It's totally -- it's 24 years of putting radical liberals in there and also Bush haters -- you know, Trump haters, they put the Bush people in there. Frankly the Bush people, some of these losers that used to work for Bush, they're worse than -- they're worse than the Obama people.

Donald Trump: So, I've got -- I've got never-Trumpers. I've got a combination of never-Trumpers and I've got, you know, the Clinton people and the Bush people. There's 24 years of some bad stuff and we have great people too. I have great people. But, we have some bad people and we have people that somehow Bill has got to move, I don't know what's going on.

Donald Trump: Do you got everything -- we found them, we caught them, but look at Hillary Clinton. Forget about what was on the e-mails, OK? Forget about what was on them. She said it was ballet and it was -- it was -- you know her -- her teachers --

Maria Bartiromo: Grandkids.

Donald Trump: -- at her daughter's wedding and it was a lot of nonsense. She said she had 33,000 e-mails. She got -- forget about what was on the e-mails, it's irrelevant, although many of them were classified, highly classified and you go to jail for that. But, look -- and they're in the State Department, but Mike Pompeo is unable to get them out, which is very sad actually.

Donald Trump: I'm -- I'm not happy about him for that, that reason. He was unable to get -- I don't know why. You're running the State Department and you get them out. But they're in the State Department. FBI's been slowly getting stuff out and you're seeing it. Rick Grenell has done a phenomenal job, John Ratcliffe has done a phenomenal job.

Donald Trump: And, you know, to be honest, Bill Barr's going to go down either as the greatest Attorney General in the history of the country or he's going to go down as a very sad -- sad situation. I mean, I'll be honest with you, he's got all the information he needs. They want to get more, more, more, they keep getting more.

Donald Trump: I said, you don't need any more. You've got more stuff than anybody's ever had. Now, it -- you know -- with Durham, I don't know what happened to Durham, but we're going to find out what happened to Durham, but he's got so much stuff. Look, Mr. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. He wrote approximately 78 pages on Comey that was scathing, scathing and they didn't go after Comey.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: And even "The New York Times," which is totally biased garbage, it's a terrible newspaper, it's totally a disgrace -- it's a disgusting newspaper, it's a -- it's the enemy of the people. It writes stories -- if I did something so good, they don't even want to talk about peace in the Middle East, no bloodshed.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about anything having to do with -- these are very dishonest people, but even the wrote a scathing report when Horowitz -- Inspector General Horowitz, who I have a lot of respect for, I never met him, but I have a lot respect for, because he was in appointment by Obama and he came up with a scathing report.

Donald Trump: Nothing happened with it. I mean, what -- you didn't need anything else beyond that report. That report told -- says he was a liar, he lied to Congress, he lied to everybody. That report was scathing. He did a scathing report on McCabe. McCabe goes out and gets a super television show like -- like he's a little angel sitting on CNN, fake news CNN.

Maria Bartiromo: Right. And -- and he -- and he pulled out of the Senate hearing that he was supposed to do. Mr. President, I know you have to go. Just to recap, you're not going to do the next debate because it's virtual. You're feeling good. I know I want to make sure that the audience understands you're feeling good.

Maria Bartiromo: Have you been tested recently? Can you tell us anything else about your condition?

Donald Trump: No, I'll -- I'll be tested pretty soon, but I'm -- I'm essentially very clean. They say it's over a periods of six, seven days and I was -- I -- you know, it was amazing thing happened to me. I just went in and I didn't feel good. And that's OK, I expect it at some point because I'm out there. I've got to be a leader.

Donald Trump: I can't -- Winston Churchill didn't sit in his --

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: -- basement for six months. I got a lot of things going. And again when I want to say hello to gold-star families what I say -- I'm not going to be in a basement saying, hey, I can't see you as you traveled in from California and all the different places. It's OK. And I think at some point I would -- it's a very -- look, it's a tiny, tiny linking it to a tiny little microscopic piece of dust and it gets into your nose or your mouth or your eye frankly or something else or you touch something.

Donald Trump: So I understand and then you get better. But what's happened is -- the big thing that happened is we have I call them cures. I don't call them therapeutics. But between Eli Lilly and Regeneron, these are two different companies. You take it, it's an antibody drug, you take it and it beats the hell out of it.

Donald Trump: And I'm telling you I could've --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- walked out there 24 hours after I went in. I didn't even have to go in, frankly. I think it would've gone away by itself. 99.9 percent below a fairly substantial age has no problem. I mean, they can get it, they can feel a little sick but they don't die and the tiny percentage of senior citizens and all.

Donald Trump: So what I'm going to do is take Regeneron and take the Eli Lilly equivalent. They're a little different, both great, both great but very similar. I'm going to send them, free of charge --

Maria Bartiromo: How long will you be --

Donald Trump: -- to all of the hospitals --

Maria Bartiromo: How long will you be taking them?

Donald Trump: I've stopped. I don't take them anymore. No, I don't take them anymore.

Maria Bartiromo: OK.

Donald Trump: I think I've taken almost nothing. I think I'm finished with just about everything. I think you go a little bit longer on -- they have a steroid. It's not even -- it's not a heavy steroid. They have that go a little bit longer. But I'm not taking -- I'm almost not taking anything. I feel great. I mean I'd rather do the interview with you in person rather than a telephone that obviously doesn't work very well.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, I'd like to come back to the White House soon to do another interview, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, we'll do that, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: I'd love to come back to the White House.

Donald Trump: We'll do that.

Maria Bartiromo: I saw it up close and personal --

Donald Trump: But why isn't Hilary Clinton being indicted for terminating 33,000 e-mails that she got from Congress? Congress made a request to see them. Everybody else I know gets indicted when they don't give that. They don't give -- she destroyed 33,000 e-mails. Forget about the fact that they were classified. Let's go.

Donald Trump: Maybe Mike Pompeo finally finds --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- them, OK? But forget about the fact --

Maria Bartiromo: And I remember back in the day Bill Clinton met with then sitting AG Loretta Lynch on a tarmac three days before Hilary was to have her interview with the FBI in that non-investigation.

Donald Trump: Sure. And they talked about golf and they talked about golf for 45 minutes and they talked about their grandchildren. Well, that didn't -- no. I've been on private planes all my life I've never seen a plane stop on a tarmac to pick somebody up. It just doesn't happen, you know that better than I do. So let me just tell you, he went there, in my opinion, to talk about extending her for Attorney General or putting her in the Supreme Court if she doesn't do bad things to Hilary.

Donald Trump: And she did nothing to Hilary. That's what she talked about. And I wouldn't be --

Maria Bartiromo: Wow.

Donald Trump: -- surprised if you could find those papers. Well, that's what it is because that's called life. Hilary Clinton, they were after Hilary Clinton after [Inaudible]. This is before my time. They were after Hilary Clinton on the e-mails and on many other things. She's crooked. She's crooked as hell. She's a crooked person.

Donald Trump: And by the way, you talk about transition of power. She's telling Biden not to do it but then if I say it it's like oh --

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: -- it's a big story. But Hilary Clinton -- and Bill Clinton gets on a plane on a tarmac and they talk for 45 minutes about their grandchildren -- no, they didn't talk -- in my opinion what they talked about was we'll extend you Attorney General or we're going to give you the next Supreme Court justice case.

Donald Trump: We're going to give you the seat --

Maria Bartiromo: Wow. And then she --

Donald Trump: -- and to leave Hilary alone.

Maria Bartiromo: And then she told Jim Comey to call it a matter.

Donald Trump: Leave Hilary alone. That's what they do.

Maria Bartiromo: She said call it a matter not an investigation.

Donald Trump: Call it a matter and --

Maria Bartiromo: That's right.

Donald Trump: And the same thing with Comey. Look at the way Comey tries to protect her. Now he got caught because they had a revolution in the FBI because when he got up and tried to exonerate her, the FBI, which is phenomenal people in the FBI, they had a revolution. You go back to "The New York Post" and you read what happened years ago.

Donald Trump: The people that work in the FBI had a revolution when he let her go because instead of just saying we're letting her go, he read all the charges and the charges made her guilty --

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: -- as hell. She did this, she did that, we're letting her go. She did this, she did that. There were like 9 or 11 charges that were all -- she was all guilty. And then, at the end, he's -- therefore we've decided to let her go. She had a -- they had a revolution with the honest people of the FBI. So then he had to go back and reverse his tracks and he had to go back and say, well, I'm going to go back and investigate it again.

Donald Trump: Then he did the investigation, right? And -- but it was getting very close to the election. So he said, well, we won't be able -- this will take years to do because they found the pervert's computer. So he said, it will take years to find -- go through all this stuff. So that was no good because that wouldn't clean her up for the election.

Donald Trump: Then he miraculously said, oh, we found a computer, app, that will allow us to go through 8,000 or 78,000, I don't know some -- she must just sit there and do these things all day long -- but 78,000 e-mails and text messages. We -- we found a -- a new app, and it can do everything in 10 minutes. So it went from years of looking, to he can do it in 10 minutes.

Donald Trump: This is a phony -- there's no app that can do that. [Inaudible] tell you.

Maria Bartiromo: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: So three days later he came out and said she's clean. You know her big mistake? She was so traumatized by the whole thing that she never, ever built it up. She never -- it's her fault. I figure she'd have news conferences. You go back and look. She never -- look, Comey gave her a pass --

Maria Bartiromo: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: She -- Comey gave her a pass and she never talked about it.

Maria Bartiromo: Well -- then -- then they all wiped their phones clean and the Mueller report, 29 phones wiped clean.

Donald Trump: Yes, everyone.

Maria Bartiromo: But, Mr. President, I want to ask you what you're doing for the -- what you want to do for the country in a second term because you had a really wide tent at your convention. We've spoken with Burgess Owens, Herschel Walker, Candace Owens, all of these people from the black community that have said very supportive things about you.

Maria Bartiromo: Talk to us about what you want to do in a second term and why you think you are hearing this outreach from the black and minority community.

Donald Trump: We have tremendous black community support, men and women, by the way, because I've done more for the black community than any president except Abraham Lincoln. And it's true. What I've done for criminal justice reform, opportunity zones, historically black colleges and universities, nobody's ever done what I've done, prison reform, nobody's ever done what I've done for the black community, other than Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: I mean, to be honest with you. I say it and people don't even challenge me on it. And they ought to -- the black community understands that they've been used by the Democrats. They come back -- five months before an election, they come back, they want -- they -- they want the voter -- the black voter. And they promise all sorts of things.

Donald Trump: The day after the election, they forget them for another four years. It's a disgrace, I'll tell you. But nobody's done what I've done. Look at historically black colleges. Obama wouldn't even fund them. They wouldn't -- wouldn't give them any funding. I gave them 10 years' worth of financing at a higher number than they asked for.

Maria Bartiromo: Well --

Donald Trump: I said, you're going to need more money than that.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, school choice is a major issue this election, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Right.

Maria Bartiromo: We've got mothers, women watching who want the opportunity to have a choice when they sell -- send their kids to school. I don't understand why your critics are against school choice.

Donald Trump: Well, not -- not my critics, it's the Democrats. The Republicans love school choice and they love charter schools. We have charter schools that are so successful, you wouldn't even believe it. That the same student in a -- at a charter school is like a great student. You put them in that public school system that's being destroyed by the unions, just absolutely what's happening there.

Donald Trump: Biden can't go away from the unions because he's got union support. I think I have a lot of union support, if you want to know the truth. And, by the way, teachers are teachers. We have to put them in the charter schools. You know, too, you can put them in the charter schools. You know, a teacher is a very valuable, incredible gift to our country.

Donald Trump: And I love the teachers. I wouldn't be talking to you if it weren't for some very good teachers. And -- and let me just tell you, they want to get rid of school choice. And school choice is -- is the biggest civil rights gift of everything. They want to get rid of it because of the unions. The unions -- the teachers union controls Biden.

Donald Trump: And -- and the radical left controls Biden. Biden won't be president for two months, OK? He wouldn't be president for two months. If Biden ever got in, he'll be --

Maria Bartiromo: So -- so what do you mean? You mean he'll have to step down? Are you saying you think he'll have to step down after two months?

Donald Trump: He's not mentally capable. He's not mentally capable of being president. You know that. Everybody knows that. Everybody that knows him, he can't be president. And this monster that was on stage with Mike Pence, who destroyed her last night, by the way, but this monster, she says, no, no, there won't be fracking.

Donald Trump: There won't be this. There won't -- everything she said is a lie. In fact, they go back and they agreed to the manifesto.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, she wants to reimagine the police.

Donald Trump: Take a look at the manifesto. They agreed to that with Bernie Sanders and AOC and AOC plus three, I call it. you know, all the killers.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: They agreed to it. In fact, AOC's having a fit this morning because they've disavowed it. They agreed do the manifesto.

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: Open borders, crime pouring into our country. They want to have thousands of people that are murderers, rapists just pour into our country. They could be very sick people. Our borders are sealed right now, except if you come in legally. And it's a great time that I got it done in time, 350 miles already of wall.

Donald Trump: That's had a huge differences.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, you're right. Kamala Harris said she wants to eliminate cash bail for the country. We know what that's done for New York, Mr. President. If we eliminate cash bail --

Donald Trump: It's destroyed -- it's helped -- it's one of the many things that's destroyed New York, yes. It's destroyed New York. It's -- it's what's happened.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. Do you think it will come back?

Donald Trump: What's happened in New York is one of the saddest things I've ever seen happen to a city. Now it's happening in Chicago too. It's all Democrat-run cities. The only way it's going to come back is you're going to have to find a young version of Rudy Giuliani, otherwise it's not, because they have all these lefties in New York running for office and they use their criminal system and their -- their -- they use their --

Maria Bartiromo: What about your son? Would Don, Jr. do it?

Donald Trump: What's that?

Maria Bartiromo: Would Don, Jr. run for mayor in New York? Would Don, Jr. do it?

Donald Trump: No, because he -- no, I hope not because he couldn't win as a Republican. He couldn't -- wouldn't have a chance.

Maria Bartiromo: Oh.

Donald Trump: It's an all Democrat city. I'm making actually a play for the whole state. You know, I did well there. But, you know, in theory, see, the Republicans have a disadvantage. They lose New York, Illinois and California before it even starts. So, you know, I had to run the table last time. It's not easy. And, frankly, winning the Electoral College is tougher, in my opinion, than getting the popular vote because I don't campaign in New York, Illinois, in California, you know, because they're sort of meant like they're automatic for years.

Donald Trump: This is for years, no big secret. So you start off with three of the biggest states that you now can't lose almost anything. That was what the miracle was last time. I won Florida. I won North Carolina. I won Pennsylvania. I ran the board. I won South Carolina. I won Georgia. I won Michigan, which hadn't been won in decades and decades.

Donald Trump: And we should win it again because I brought so much business there because she's the lockup queen. What she's done to that -- that place is horrible. She's locked it up. She's got people like living in prison. The courts just overturned her. They said what you're doing is unconstitutional.

Maria Bartiromo: But --

Donald Trump: What they're doing to Wisconsin is horrible.

Maria Bartiromo: But, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Look what they're doing to Wisconsin. It's terrible.

Maria Bartiromo: Are you giving him -- are you letting him off the hook by not doing a debate because it's virtual?

Donald Trump: No, I don't want to do a virtual debate because a virtual debate is a -- is a joke. There's no reason. I'm in great shape. I -- I just, you know, I -- I -- unlike Joe, I don't have the luxury of staying in a basement all day long. I'm running a country. You know, when Winston Churchill was prime minister, he would stand at the top of buildings as Hitler was dropping bombs on London.

Donald Trump: You know that. you've heard that. And he'd make speeches and put his fist up in the air and say, how dare you, you know, the "mad dog" he called him. And, you know, it's -- I can't stay in a basement. I can't stay in a basement. And he can. I mean, look, him --

Maria Bartiromo: So is that the reason you wanted to make sure people understood you were strong?

Donald Trump: Probably the greatest thing because you don't have to hear what he says. [Inaudible] -- when he talks, the way he talks, he can't get sentences out. In fact, if I was criticized for one thing, it's that I --

Maria Bartiromo: So what do you make of these polls then, Mr. President? Do you not believe these polls?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I don't understand it. I don't believe them. I don't believe the polls because we've never had this much support. They have a vote thing, they have 5,000 votes. They have thousands of trucks all over the country.

Maria Bartiromo: I saw one. I saw one in my neighborhood.

Donald Trump: I don't believe the polls. Maria, I don't believe the polls. And you had the same polls. They were worse the last time.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, it's true.

Donald Trump: I had one last time I was nine down in nine different states and I won all of them. I was -- in nine states I was down. Big ones. I won every one of them.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. --

Donald Trump: The polls are rigged, just like the reporters are rigged.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, I know you're --

Donald Trump: We have a very dishonest media.

Maria Bartiromo: I -- I -- yes. Well, the media does not want to focus -- the mainstream media has not focused on many of your successes. You mentioned one of them, the Middle East peace program that you are leading.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: Are we going to see more countries announce that they will normalize relations with Israel?

Donald Trump: Yes. we're going to have more countries come in. And they're -- they're all lined up already. It's -- like I've done it totally different. They put me up for a Nobel Prize -- two Nobel Prizes, that in Kosovo, Serbia, too.

Maria Bartiromo: Congratulations, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: No, but I know -- but the press doesn't even write about it. Not that I need that, but the press doesn't -- think of it, you get nominated for a Nobel Prize, you don't even get the -- a story. They don't even write about it. They don't even talk about it. It's disgusting, frankly. Obama got one. Nobody even -- like his first couple of weeks in office, nobody even knew what he did.

Donald Trump: And he didn't know what he did when they asked him, why are you getting it, he had no clue. But he got it because he's a liberal Democrat, his life is a lot easier. I'll tell you, life is a lot easier on the other side, but this is the side that works. This is the side that's going to keep our cities straight and clean and safe and law and order.

Donald Trump: Because you take a look at what's happening in Portland --

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. --

Donald Trump: -- and Chicago, and New York and every one of them is radical left Democrats and they're destroying those cities. And if -- I'm the only thing standing in the way -- [Crosstalk]

Maria Bartiromo: Well, it's definitely --

Donald Trump: Because this country will go to hell, your taxes will double and triple and quadruple. Your stock markets will crash, we'll have a depression, the likes of which we've never seen before.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, I so appreciate your time this morning, we hit on a lot of important issues for the American people and we thank you so much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: OK, thank you.

Maria Bartiromo: I'm glad you're feeling strong, you sound terrific.

Donald Trump: I feel great. Thanks a lot, Maria. Thank you very much.

Maria Bartiromo: Thank you so much, Mr. President.