Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jeanine-pirro-fox-news-september-12-2020

Note: [The following transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's "Justice With Judge Jeanine." It was checked and confirmed for accuracy.]

Jeanine Pirro: Mr. President thanks so much for doing this. Joe Biden has indicated after the Woodward information came out that your handling of the coronavirus and that situation was not only despicable, but it's almost criminal. What do you say to Joe Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, I think a statement like that is criminal because we did a much better job than he could ever have done. As you know, he was months later before he even thought the ban was a good thing and ultimately he had to apologize for what he did. We would've lost hundreds of thousands of lives. And what I said to Woodward was actually good, I said calm, we need calm, we don't need panic.

Donald Trump: They want me to jump up and down and start screaming, is everyone going to die, is everyone going to -- that's not what leadership is about. I'm a cheerleader for the country. We need calm, that's all I've said. And by the way, that was done after. That was done after I had already banned China from coming into the country.

Jeanine Pirro: Right, that was in February, you did the ban January 31st.

Donald Trump: So I took this -- yes, so Jeanine, I took tremendous steps. Everybody knew how I feel, otherwise I wouldn't be banning China. And then shortly thereafter I banned Europe. We saved hundreds of thousands of lives with each one of those bans and saved probably two or two and a half million lives by doing what we did early.

Jeanine Pirro: So, you say that your timing was good, but let me ask you about Bob Woodward's timing. He did this interview with you on February 7th where he talked about how dangerous the virus was, and yet he waited until September, seven months later, to announce to the American public how dangerous you said it was.

Jeanine Pirro: Was his timing good?

Donald Trump: Look, he is an opportunist. Not a bad guy, to be honest. He's doing his thing. His first book I didn't have anything to do with it, and he wrote things that were false and untrue and I could've straightened it out. And I said let me do -- I took quite a few phone calls, 16 phone calls or something like that, and we had some good conversations, not long, but good conversations.

Donald Trump: And I don't even know if the book is good or bad. I mean, I can tell you that what this says is that -- I said don't panic, we don't want panic. The press will make everything look bad because it's fake, the fake news, most of it. I'd say 85 percent unfortunately, that's the number we're up to. But I discussed with him lots of different things.

Donald Trump: I think that they were very good discussions. We'll see how it comes out. But on this subject if you look, and he's actually being hit because if he thought it was wrong, then he should've reported it early. He -- if lives were going to be lost, he should've reported it early. The truth is he didn't think there was anything wrong with it and I think that he thought it was surprising that the press even picked it up.

Donald Trump: It's fake news, it's all fake news.

Jeanine Pirro: Well, in fact, when he called you in March, a month later, you said to him, I didn't want to cause panic and that's precisely why I, as a leader, didn't go out and just say everyone's going to die.

Donald Trump: Well, go out and look at the great leaders of the world. Winston Churchill stood on the rooftops in London very calm, making speeches, Winston Churchill. You want calmness, you don't want somebody that's going to be jumping up and down. I could do that too, I could jump up and down, say oh this is terrible, this is terrible.

Donald Trump: We want strength, we want leadership and we don't want panic.

Jeanine Pirro: What about the vaccine is itself? Now Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and the Gallup survey that they just did says that the acceptance of the vaccine is pretty much going along political lines. Democrats don't want to accept it because they don't trust it because it's coming out of your administration.

Donald Trump: They don't want it because they don't -- they think it's going to make me look good, and it wins the election for me. But we're very close to a vaccine. We also have already come out with therapeutics, if you look at remdesivir and others, the plasma. You take a look at the things that we've come out with already and the number, we're 85 percent better in terms of fatalities.

Donald Trump: You look at the kind of numbers, I don't know if you've been seeing this, but we're in -- we're really rounding the corner. And this is actually without anything further than we already have but we have some very good things out there already in terms of -- I would say in terms of -- you can't use the word cure yet but pretty close to a cure.

Donald Trump: You're going to be pretty close to a cure. The vaccine itself, I mean, it could come out in October but whether it's October, November, December, it's going to come out very soon. We have great companies, they're very advanced and the results are going to be very good.

Jeanine Pirro: Well, the numbers -- you're correct, the numbers are going down and there's a question as to whether or not the lockdown works, that these people need to get outside. And as the coronavirus cases are dropping and Joe Biden now is coming out and saying, you know, on the advice of the scientists, I would shut it all down again.

Donald Trump: Yes, he would shut it down.

Jeanine Pirro: How do you think that's going to work for him?

Donald Trump: Well, it would be a disaster and we're setting records on job production. We have -- we're 10.4 million for the last four months. Nobody's ever seen numbers like this. We're setting records by millions and millions of jobs. The country's coming back. It's a super V. It's beyond a V, it's a super V. Retail sales are beyond any number they were ever at.

Donald Trump: I mean think of, it we're doing numbers now as we're rounding I think the final turn. And that's with, without, it doesn't matter, with or without. Having the vaccine is great. It's going to happen very soon. Could happen in October, it could very well happen in October, but we're rounding the turn on the virus.

Donald Trump: They have to open up. It's only the Democrats that are closed, and in my opinion, they're closed for political reasons. They have North Carolina, you have Michigan, you have a couple of other states that are closed -- New York, I mean look at New York. What they're doing in New York, that poor city with the restaurants.

Donald Trump: You can't go to a restaurant. It's like a ghost town. What they've done to New York and people are leaving is disgraceful between Cuomo and de Blasio. That combination, I've never seen anything like it in my life. And it's -- look, coming from New York it's a very sad thing to witness. But we have to open up our states, totally open them.

Donald Trump: They're keeping them closed because they want -- on November 3rd they want to have the numbers as bad as possible. Based on the numbers that you are seeing, it's not even affecting us but probably it would be better if these states were open. Forget about numbers though, the people that are inside those lockdowns, they're suffering between depression, losing their jobs, drugs, alcohol, all of the different things that are happening to those people.

Donald Trump: That's causing much more damage than the virus itself.

Jeanine Pirro: But what's interesting, you mentioned North Carolina, voting has already started in North Carolina. They're on lockdown. How do you think that impacts people who want to vote for you?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I like people to go out and vote but if they want to sign something -- you have solicited and unsolicited --

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Donald Trump: -- mail-in.

Jeanine Pirro: Mail-in, right.

Donald Trump: In the country they're going to send out 80 million unsolicited, in other words people that don't even know what a ballot is, all of a sudden here comes the ballot. Now, we don't even know that people are going to get it. That's my problem. Supposedly they're not sending them to Republican neighborhoods.

Donald Trump: Supposedly they're not sending them to wherever or supposing the people aren't giving them back or they go out and they harvest them. Somebody could be either way but the Democrats seem to do that. I mean they've played that game for a long time.

Jeanine Pirro: Yes, I prosecuted those cases.

Donald Trump: Well, you -- [Crosstalk]

Jeanine Pirro: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- still might have to prosecute a lot more. The fact is they're playing very dirty. 80 million ballots, we never had any number like that anywhere close to that and you're going to see a mess on election night that's going to be -- it's going to be legendary. And all they have to do is say go out and vote or request a ballot, get what's called a solicited ballot or absentee.

Donald Trump: A lot of people use the word absentee. Get an absentee ballot where you request it, it comes to you, you vote and you send it back. That's different. But they're just sending out -- all over they're sending out 80 million ballots.

Jeanine Pirro: Well they're generic and a lot of people don't know what to do with them, a lot of people have moved, a lot of people have died, the registration rolls, a lot of them haven't been purged, just a whole problem -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: How about signatures? They don't even want to have signatures verified.

Jeanine Pirro: Because they're not confirming.

Donald Trump: Right. They don't want to have signatures verified. Where are they sending them? Who are they sending them to? Who's sending them back? Who's sending them back?

Jeanine Pirro: Well.

Donald Trump: It's a very -- it's -- it's so unconstitutional, it's so dishonest and you have states that can't even do small elections --

Jeanine Pirro: What can you do about it?

Donald Trump: Well, we're in courts -- in many, many courts right now and hopefully the courts are going to decide because if they don't, you're going to have one hell of a mess on election night.

Jeanine Pirro: Well, you talked about election night and I want to talk about election night, too.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jeanine Pirro: So, you talked about election night, and I want to talk about election night also. But briefly to the issue of law and order, and -- and you, when you ran in 2016 you were the law and order candidate. It's almost precious to think that four years later that is the -- one of the main issues. So, we've got this anarchy going on in the streets, we've got towns and run by -- and states run by Democrats governs and mayors who are refusing to allow a National Guard to come in.

Jeanine Pirro: There are people in those cities and states who want order to come in. But, you can't go in unless they request your help.

Donald Trump: That's right. Every problem --

Jeanine Pirro: What are you going to do -- let's say there are -- there are threats, they say that they are going to threaten riots, if they lose on election night, assuming we get an -- a winner on election night. What are you going to do?

Donald Trump: We'll put them down very quickly if they do that.

Jeanine Pirro: How do you do that?

Donald Trump: We have the right to do that. We have the power to do that if we want. Look, it's called insurrection. We just send in and we -- we do it very easy. I mean, it's very easy. I'd rather not do that, because there's no reason for it, but if we had to we'd do that and put it down within minutes, within minutes.

Donald Trump: Minneapolis, they were having problems, we sent in the National Guard, within a half an hour, that was the end of the problem, it all went away.

Jeanine Pirro: Kenosha.

Donald Trump: If you look at Kenosha, look at the problems they had. In fact, the sheriffs there, the police chief, they're all on my side, a hundred percent. Law enforcement all over the country is on my side. And I will say this, look, we have -- even with the horrible things that are going on in New York and Chicago, run by -- all run by Democrats, everything we're talking about, you know, is run by Democrats.

Donald Trump: We're not talking about one Republican place, it's all run by Democrats. Even the police chiefs, they're all quitting all over the country, every single one -- I think I saw 15 or 20, every single one of them is from a -- a Democrat city. Look, before China sent us the plague, before the plague came in, we had the best crime numbers in history.

Donald Trump: When the plague came, it changed things, let's face it, it changed things. But, all of the problems are in Democrat run cities. They're badly run, the taxes are too much, they -- they want to defund their police. Biden is all in that. He hasn't still, to this day, used the term law and order. He's afraid to use the term because he's going to lose -- he would lose the radical left supporters that he's got if they even show up for him, because there's a question as to whether or not they're going to show up.

Donald Trump: But, they don't want to talk about law and order. One other thing, you have a lot of people living in the suburbs, you know it well, you live in Westchester, you know it well. I ended a rule, a regulation where low income housing has been forced into the suburbs and this has been going on for a long time, but especially so under Biden and Obama.

Donald Trump: I ended it, I terminated it. Not going to happen anymore unless I'm not here, in which case they're going to reinstitute worse. So, the suburbs are not going to have these projects forced into them. Now, who in the suburbs is not going to vote for me? They're going to make the projects bigger, better, they're putting Cory Booker in charge, I mean the -- one of the most liberal, the most liberal is Kamala, but Cory's right there and he's going to be in charge of building projects in the suburbs.

Donald Trump: You're going to destroy your suburbs, it's already happening, because you see what's gone on, you see what they've got. They take over the zoning and the force projects -- projects, really terrible situation.

Jeanine Pirro: So, the cities are being destroyed and the -- the combination of lawlessness and of the pandemic shutdown in New York City and now the suburbs, but you know --

Donald Trump: Well, the suburbs are going to be next. Look --

Jeanine Pirro: Yes, I --

Donald Trump: -- the suburbs, the people, these same protesters -- but they're not protesters, they're anarchists, they're agitators and they're rioters.

Jeanine Pirro: Who are they? Who are they?

Donald Trump: They're people that in many cases are paid --

Jeanine Pirro: By who?

Donald Trump: And then there's stupid kids.

Jeanine Pirro: Who are they? Who pays buy them?

Donald Trump: People that we're looking at right now. We're looking at them right now.

Jeanine Pirro: Can you tell me?

Donald Trump: No, not yet, but I'll -- you'll be finding out pretty soon. Look, they're stupid people too, because they'll be overthrown as soon as they get their wish. These people don't respect them; they're just using their money. These are super liberal people that have money and they're helping these anarchists and they're agitators and they're dangerous.

Donald Trump: Did you see what happened over the weekend with the people walking up to a restaurant and grabbing the steak off the plate and biting the steak and then dropping it down? Two elderly people having dinner at a restaurant and they walk in and they take a steak and they take the potato and eat it?

Jeanine Pirro: And that's exactly the problem. Now you're waiting to be asked in. When does that -- when is that change? When do you cross the Rubicon?

Donald Trump: Well, in Kenosha, they asked me in.

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Donald Trump: And we did a job like nobody's ever seen before.

Jeanine Pirro: But if they don't ask you when, they're -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Then they're not allowed to do it -- unless you do insurrection, in which case, it's just not big enough for insurrection.

Jeanine Pirro: You won't do insurrection before Election Day.

Donald Trump: You don't need it. You don't --

Jeanine Pirro: Not yet.

Donald Trump: Oh, I'd be willing to do it in a heartbeat if we needed it, but we don't need it. Our National Guard --

Jeanine Pirro: When do you need it?

Donald Trump: Our National Guard is so good and so tough --

Jeanine Pirro: But they've got to be in.

Donald Trump: And by the way, police departments in places that we're talking about, Seattle -- we were going into Seattle and they solved the problem the night before we got there. We were getting ready to go -- they heard we were going in --

Jeanine Pirro: Have you heard Ted Wheeler's numbers? It's like 20 percent in Portland.

Donald Trump: Ted Wheeler is a disaster, he's --

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Donald Trump: -- a laughingstock. He went out to protest with these so-called agitators and they were going to destroy him, they were going to beat him up badly, he fortunately had security, but they were going to beat him badly. The man is a disaster. If he would say come into Portland, within a half an hour, the whole thing would be solved.

Jeanine Pirro: But he's not going to say that.

Donald Trump: The governor has gotten closer with what's going on out there. I will tell you --

Jeanine Pirro: [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: The governor has gotten closer. I spoke to the governor two days ago.

Jeanine Pirro: Good.

Donald Trump: They are arresting a lot of people. Now, we sent in the U.S. Marshals for the killer, the man that killed the young man in the street -- he shot him, I mean it was on television.

Jeanine Pirro: Right. Yes, cold blood.

Donald Trump: Cold blooded killed him. He didn't like his hat or he didn't like something -- and it wasn't a Trump hat.

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Jeanine Pirro: It was peaceful [Inaudible] prayer.

Donald Trump: It was a lot -- it was a religious hat.

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Donald Trump: And he shot him -- cold blood. Two and a half days went by and I put out, when are you going to go get him? And the U.S. Marshals went in to get him and in a short period of time -- they ended in a gun fight, this guy was a violent criminal --

Jeanine Pirro: There are a lot of them out there.

Donald Trump: -- and the U.S. Marshals killed him. And I will tell you something, that's the way it has to be. There has to be retribution when you have crime like this. There can't be guys standing up that want to fight, they want to fight -- you can't throw bricks at people with shields on.

Jeanine Pirro: But the problem, Mr. President, you and I both agree, the problem is there are now prosecutors who are not prosecuting the protesters. This is like a grassroots level of being funded by socialists who are now electing people like -- I used to prosecute crime, they're letting them go.

Donald Trump: So what's going to happen -- and this is a shame -- you're going to have a backlash like you've never seen, if these people don't stop. Because you have very smart, very tough people that aren't going to take it anymore. And once they say we're not going to take it anymore, it's going to end in a very vicious backlash and that's a terrible thing.

Jeanine Pirro: How does it end?

Note: [Commercial Break]

Donald Trump: We're not there yet, but you have people that are very angry. You start seeing them, the trucks come in and the this comes in and that -- all of a sudden, you're going to see a backlash, the likes of which you haven't seen in many, many years, because people aren't going to take it. You know, a lot of people -- this is all a left movement, not a right movement.

Jeanine Pirro: Right, right -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But a lot of people on the right are sitting at home watching a television set, looking at Kenosha and looking at Chicago where they shoot people and kill people by the dozens every week.

Jeanine Pirro: Right.

Donald Trump: It's not even believable but they said -- the look at it and they say, I'm not going to allow that to happen in my country.

Jeanine Pirro: Two questions. Nobel Peace Prize, congratulations, you've been nominated for something very significant; the peace deal between Israel and the United Arab Emirates, other Arab countries to follow. I was researching Barack Obama in 2009 when he got the Peace Prize. Nobody could point to anything he had done.

Jeanine Pirro: He didn't even have time to do anything.

Donald Trump: He did very little in eight years and much of what he's done, as you know, I terminated. I got rid of the individual mandate which knocked out Obamacare; we took out the individual mandate, which is the single most unpopular aspect of Obamacare, it was a disaster. But that essentially gutted Obamacare. Most of the things, many of the things he did, we've taken out.

Donald Trump: One of the things we're doing right now, I just got a report, 311 miles of wall. That has made such a unbelievable difference on our southern border. We're doing so well with that and immigration.

Jeanine Pirro: Do you think you'll get the Peace Prize?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Look, I've done a job, we signed a transaction that's actually going to be -- the ceremony's taking place next week. I hope you can come. And it's going to be UAE highly respected, the leader, Mohammed, highly, highly respected, and Israel is signing. This is the first time in many, many decades that anything like this has happened.

Donald Trump: I can tell you that other countries are going to be signing onto it. We're going to sign a lot of countries in the Middle East. We might have peace in the Middle East going a much different route. The biggest thing that impeded us was that horrible deal that Obama made with Iran. It was the worst deal. Paid them $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash.

Donald Trump: How do you approve -- that's when I realized the presidency is very powerful. When you can approve $1.8 billion in cash, cash, big planeloads of cash going to people that they have no idea who it is. So, they did a terrible job and we're doing a great job. And I think we can say that with great security. [Crosstalk]

Jeanine Pirro: Next question. Debates, two weeks. You're not doing the traditional prep where somebody stands in where Joe Biden does? How do you think he's going to do?

Donald Trump: I'll do it. I think I'll do it the same way I did it last time basically. You know, sometimes, like Romney was so bad on the debates. And he studied for three weeks, he locked himself in a cabin. He was so crammed full of information --

Jeanine Pirro: He couldn't get it out.

Donald Trump: -- and when they asked him a question, he couldn't think, OK. He should have won that race so easily. But when they -- I mean you were dealing with a failed president because his first four years were a total failure, Obama. But so, you know, you have to be loose, and you have to be able to do it. And the debates worked out well for me.

Donald Trump: Debates have worked out well for me. I don't know what's going to show up with Biden. I mean, I see different guys, I see a Biden that really tied Bernie. You know, everyone thought he was going to be killed by Bernie and it was tie. It was nothing -- it wasn't Winston Churchill but it was fine. But I've also seen him in some of the other debates where he wasn't even coherent.

Donald Trump: He couldn't utter a -- in his -- [Crosstalk]

Jeanine Pirro: How do you think he goes from incoherent to coherent?

Donald Trump: I think there's probably -- possibly drugs involved. That's what I hear. I mean, there's possibly drugs. I don't know how you can go from being so bad where you can't even get out a sentence -- I mean, you saw some of those debates with the large number of people on the stage. He was -- I mean, I used to say how is it possible that he can even go forward?

Donald Trump: And he only won because Elizabeth Warren didn't drop out. Had she dropped out, Bernie would have won Super Tuesday every state and you would have had Bernie instead of Biden.

Jeanine Pirro: All right.

Donald Trump: But I like it the way it is.

Jeanine Pirro: I'm sure you do.

Jeanine Pirro: I appreciate your time, Mr. President. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Your show is great. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, your show is great, we appreciate it very much. Thank you.