Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jason-whitlock-outkick-october-21-2020

Jason Whitlock: Mr. President, thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jason Whitlock: Want to try to cover as much ground as we can quickly. I want to start with a personal story about America first. My mother, lifelong Democrat.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: Uh, factory worker. Uh, my dad, a factory worker. Then went into business that catered to factory workers. I'm here because of factory workers.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: Uh, I asked my mom, because she's a Democrat --

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: Watch the inauguration speech. President Trump is speaking directly to you and all your friends. Explain to my mom what America First means to people like her.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Jason Whitlock: And those communities.

Donald Trump: So, Jason, what's happened, uh, over the years we've lost our way. Many years, and decades, in all fairness. I'm not just talking about the last administration. For many years. And we've given our jobs away, we've given military protection away. We protect countries all over the world. Many of them don't even like us or respect us, or they certainly take advantage of us.

Donald Trump: And I say, "We're going to put America first. We're going to worry about our country first. We're going to help others if we can, but we're going to worry about our country." We're going to worry about our workers. We're not going to let them steal our jobs and move them to China and Mexico and all over the place.

Donald Trump: USMCA, I just did, very big impact, tremendous deal. But we're going to put our workers first. We're going to put our military first. We're going to protect our country. We're going to rebuild our military, and so many other things. Basically, I say we're going to put America first. And you know, other countries don't like it, but I say to them, and I know all of them now.

Donald Trump: I've been hear for almost four years. Hard to believe. I say to other countries, very strongly, I say, "Look, you should put your country first." Okay? I'm not saying, "We're first and you're not." We're going to put America first, and you should put your country first." But that's the way it's got to be.

Donald Trump: And it ha -- It's that way with trade now. You know, I've taxed China like they've never been taxed before. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars a month. I mean, literally, a month. Every month, that's pouring in. Never happened to China before. We never took in ten cents. They take our jobs, they take everything, and they give us nothing back.

Donald Trump: So, but, and it's not only China. It's almost everybody, and it happens with the military. So, in a nutshell, we put America first, and then, if we can help other countries, we want to help other countries.

Jason Whitlock: The other reason I'm here is because of college football.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: I was telling o -- o -- one of your staff, in 1984, me and my dad were in a 400 square foot apartment. The only people looking for me were college football coaches.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Jason Whitlock: Getting a college scholarship changed my entire life.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Jason Whitlock: That's why your help with giving Big Ten Football back --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: Rang true to me and is important. People don't understand the importance of football and the opportunities it provides --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: For guys like me.

Donald Trump: So, and it's interesting. I love football. Uh, and, uh, I've always liked it. I like sports. I mean, to be honest, I like sports, but I, uh, football's so important in this country. And I actually went to an Alabama game. I never realized, big time college football, right? Big time. And an LSU game. And I saw something that I'd never seen, even in the NFL.

Donald Trump: You know, in the NFL, I'll see 65,000 people. But I saw 120,000 people in the stadium. And it was so exciting, and I was president, and I went in, and it was LSU, Alabama. I mean, these are great teams, great game, great everything. But I saw massive numbers of people with tremendous enthusiasm. I also liked it because they all liked me.

Donald Trump: I mean, the place went crazy. I mean, you know. Maybe that had a little bit of an impact. But the fact is, that's big time. And they call it Big Time College Football. I said, "That is big time." The first time I'd ever seen that, and I thought it was great. So, when I heard that Big Ten was out, and when I heard PAC 12, as you know, was out.

Donald Trump: I did that a little bit later. But I heard that, I said, "We got to get them open." And I worked very hard for a very short period of time, very focused, and I called the Commissioner Warren, who was terrific, who was great. And we got them thinking about it, and we got them to do it. We did a lot of politics with governors and others, because they have a lot of things to say about it.

Donald Trump: And we got Big Ten open and we got the PAC 12 open. And, you know, these are young people that have a shot at making the NFL and, and even, and that's maybe relatively few.

Jason Whitlock: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But still. You know, you have some real, real talent in those leagues.

Jason Whitlock: Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: And, and we gave them a shot. And I'm happy with that.

Jason Whitlock: That's like me. I never got a sniff of the NFL.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: But getting onto a college campus --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: Changed my life. But --

Donald Trump: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Jason Whitlock: That's the important.

Donald Trump: Very important.

Jason Whitlock: I, I, I, I want to go into the latest little controversy --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: Or, top, Ice Cube and --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: And platinum plan.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Jason Whitlock: And his contract with Black America. I know I look incredibly young, but I actually have lived long enough to remember back when rappers loved President Trump.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: Well, Donald Trump, before he was president.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: A lot of celebrities --

Donald Trump: Some still do.

Jason Whitlock: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Some still do.

Jason Whitlock: A lot of celebrities, Black celebrities --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Jason Whitlock: Were great friends, from Oprah Winfrey. A lot of them.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: Jesse Jackson s -- had nice things to say about you.

Donald Trump: Might still, actually. Might still.

Jason Whitlock: W -- what --

Donald Trump: You know, he called me, he wanted to get Blagojevich out, right? Because Blagojevich was in for 18 years, and Jesse Jackson, I will say this, he was so intent. Because he thought it was, I don't know if they're friends or not friends, but he thought he was someone unfairly treated. And I gave him, uh, a commute of his sentence.

Donald Trump: I got him out. Now, Jesse Jackson's good. He's a good person.

Jason Whitlock: What do you think, what changed your relationship with Black celebrities, entertainers? Is it just the power that you now have or...

Donald Trump: And I think we're coming full circle, actually, because it's very interesting. Uh, so, you're right. I was in, I think, 87 big rap songs. It was always Trump, Trump, Trump this, or whatever. And my daughter would call me, somebody would call me and say, "Dad, you're in another song." I said, "Great." And, and you're right.

Donald Trump: And I had a lot of good relationships. Even Oprah, her last couple of shows, you know, it was a big deal, who was going to be her last week. I guess her last week. I was on her show for the last week. In other words, the entire show was devoted to, I think, five different people.

Jason Whitlock: Yup.

Donald Trump: I was one of the five. Oprah liked me, and maybe still does. I don't know. But Oprah was great. They were all great. And when I ran for politics, it was like, you know, when we talk about the wall, right, there was a like a wall, a little bit of a wall. But now, with time, you know, it's four years. I've done a lot.

Donald Trump: Nobody's done for the Black community what I've done with criminal justice reform, prison reform. President Obama could never get it passed, could never get it through. I don't know if he tried, but he couldn't get it through. Bush could never get it through. I don't think they tried. Everybody wanted criminal justice reform.

Donald Trump: I got it done. And nobody else could have gotten it done. What I had to do to get it done with people that normally would not be going for it, okay? It was pretty amazing. Prison reform. Opportunity zones with Tim, you know, Tim. I don't know if you know Senator Tim Scott. [Crosstalk] Is a fantastic man.

Donald Trump: He's a fantastic person. He came here with this idea of opportunity zones. It was, I thought it was good. I didn't know if it was going to work, because over the years, they've tried so much. It's an unbelievable success, and mostly with the African American community, the Hispanic community, it's been a great success.

Donald Trump: Uh, and other things. I'll tell you, historically Black colleges and universities, they had not money. Every year, they'd come to see me, and I'd say, "Why do you have to come back every year?" And I got friendly with some of the heads of the colleges, and they do a great job. But every year, they had to come back looking for funding.

Donald Trump: I said, "You should have a long term plan." And I worked it out, and I gave them more money than they asked for. They can't believe it. I said, "The only bad thing about me doing this is I won't, maybe, ever see you again." I gave them a ten year funding plan. They never had that. And one of the, really good guy, I won't say who.

Donald Trump: I don't want to embarrass. But he said, "They make us come back. We feel like beggars." Every year, they had to come back. I took care of the funding for Historically Black Colleges and University long term. And more than they asked for. I said, "You're going to need more than that." And it was an honor to do it.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's very interesting, and I've really, I mean, if you go poll numbers or whatever, but the relationship that I have with the Black community has really gotten very good. I have great support now.

Jason Whitlock: Well, we've seen Ice Cube work with you guys.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Jason Whitlock: 50 Cent, another popular rapper's --

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: Endorsed you. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes.

Jason Whitlock: A -- Are we seeing a turn where people are starting to evaluate you on your record and policy and performance, rather than personality?

Donald Trump: I think so, and I think what else has happened is, for 100 years, the Democrats have had the Black vote. 100 years. I mean, it's been forever. And they, eh, look at Baltimore, look at Oakland, look at all these places that are doing horribly, and I think a lot of people are saying, "Hey, wait a minute. This is not right.

Donald Trump: We've been, you know, automatically." It's almost like, I don't, I don't know why they keep going. It's a habit. It's almost a habit to vote for a Democrat. And now, you have a lot of people going into the Republican party. Black representatives. You have a young woman in Baltimore, I think. I don't know.

Jason Whitlock: Yes, yes, yeah.

Donald Trump: She's fantastic. I don't know if she's, can she win or not because, you know, it's like, almost 100% Democrat, but it shouldn't be. And I bet she does very well. I mean, I don't know how she's going to do. She should do great. But you see more and more of that, Jason, and I think it's a great thing.

Jason Whitlock: You call the media the enemy of the people.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: I somewhat agree with you, but I mostly believe --

Donald Trump: E -- Except you.

Jason Whitlock: Big, big tech.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: Big tech is what controls the media.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: And, uh, we've seen this transformation of power. Northern California, Silicon Valley. They're in control of American discourse, and that, can we do anything to break up the monopoly and the control they have over public discourse?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: They're driving a lot of the racial division, I believe.

Donald Trump: So, we just sued Google yesterday, the government, in a big, big deal. And nobody's ever seen it like they have over the last week, because we have a situation where they're trying to protect... Whether you call them or not call them a corrupt family, the whole Biden thing, where they wouldn't put it on.

Jason Whitlock: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's one thing as to guilty, not guilty. Okay. But they won't let it go on because they want to, that's their narrative, because they do better with them. Which should tell you, you should vote for me. I mean, you understand that. They want that. And they wouldn't put it on. Nobody's ever seen anything like it because it's the exact opposite of freedom of the press.

Donald Trump: I mean, it, it really is. It's the exact opposite. And I think they've hurt themselves unbelievably, and we have a section 230, you know that. That's gives them a tremendous power, a power given to them by the government. But it's a power that can't be abused, and they've abused it. So, we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: But, I think, over the last week, they have hurt themselves very badly.

Jason Whitlock: This is a concern for me, and I'll probably get criticized by the media for bringing this to you the way that I'm about to.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Jason Whitlock: ANTIFA, to me, is the modern day KKK.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: It's, they're a terrorist, domestic organization.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Jason Whitlock: They're outdoing things. They're saying, for the benefit of Black people that aren't benefiting Black people.

Donald Trump: Hurting Black people.

Jason Whitlock: And so, people are, "Mr. Trump, denounce this, denounce that." Can we get the Democrats to denounce ANTIFA? Can we get lawmakers to really go after this group? They're tearing our punt, country apart.

Donald Trump: You're so smart and you are so right. And ANTIFA's a disaster, and it's so bad for so many people, including, I think, the Democrat party, because everybody gets it. ANTIFA's a terrorist organization. What they've done on the streets, and when you see these riots with the anarchists, it's radical left, it's ANTIFA.

Donald Trump: And you can't get Biden or any of these Democrats to say anything bad about them. At the debate, I said, "What about ANTIFA, Joe? Say something about ANTIFA." He said, "Oh, it's just an idea." Didn't he say?

Jason Whitlock: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's just an idea. I said, "It's not an idea when somebody gets hit over the head with a baseball bat a lot." Okay? It's not an idea when they're breaking the streets of Chicago and all over the country, what they're, what they're doing. What they're doing is so bad, and the Democrats are afraid of them.

Donald Trump: And I've just gained a lot of additional, I already have a lot of respect for you anyway. I've seen you a lot. But I've gained a lot of additional respect for what you just said. And you're going to be right. Because people are seeing it. People are seeing it more and more. They're hurting the Black community, but they're hurting the country.

Jason Whitlock: Yeah. I, I, I want to end on this note. Uh, I'm not into personality. I, I'm into people's actions.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: And so, America First, when I heard your inauguration speech, I'm just, it just rang true to my whole life experience.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jason Whitlock: When you go into the second term, though, if you go into the second term, might we see a different personality from President Trump? A kinder, gentler President Trump? And the, and the reason I ask that is because, when Ruth Gader, when R -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg died --

Donald Trump: Right.

Jason Whitlock: I saw what you said before getting on the plane, and I thought it was awesome. And I was like, "Wow. I want, can we see more of that President Trump?"

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Jason Whitlock: In the second term, will you, will you think, will you be as much of a fighter as you are in your first time?

Donald Trump: So, I think the answer is yes. I want, I want the answer to be yes, but when I first came here, there was so much to do. I didn't have time to be totally and politically correct. And, I'm, you're, you're not a person for political correct either.

Jason Whitlock: No. No.

Donald Trump: I know, I know you.

Jason Whitlock: People don't like me.

Donald Trump: But, but you, you know, the softer side is good.

Jason Whitlock: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Uh, the, the answer is yes. We've done a lot. We've rebuilt our military. We've given the biggest tax cuts ever. What we've done for our vets and all of the different things that we've done. What we've done for the Black community. I mean, you know, we, we went through that, with the criminal justice re -- We've done a lot.

Donald Trump: Uh, the answer is, yes, I think so. And I want to bring it all together. And what brings it together is success, and you know, Jason, it was happening. It was coming together, and then we got hit with the China plague. When the plague came in, it was, you know, back to the drawing board. So, now, it's, the economy is, we're going to set records.

Donald Trump: You're going to see. We've already, 11.4 million people hired over the last few months. It's a record. Um, so, I hope the answer is yes. But a lot of it is time. You know, you, it's like, you got to get going. You don't have much time. Being politically correct takes time. You understand.

Jason Whitlock: No, I [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And sometimes we don't have time. But the answer is yes, and I'd certainly like to.

Jason Whitlock: You're coming to my city tomorrow, Nashville, for a debate.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Jason Whitlock: Any twist in strategy from the first debate?

Donald Trump: No, but I'll listen to you. If you have any ideas, I'll take them.

Jason Whitlock: Let, let, let Joe Biden talk.

Donald Trump: Okay. Good. I'm going to do that.

Jason Whitlock: He'll do your job.

Donald Trump: Yeah, no.

Jason Whitlock: He'll do the work for you.

Donald Trump: No, I mean to do that. You get up, you tell so many false stories, ideas, lies. I said, "You got to correct him." But, I will do that.

Jason Whitlock: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Jason Whitlock: Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Jason.