Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-woi-local-5-des-moines-rachel-droze-october-14-2020

Rachel Droze: Iowa has a very close Senate race. Many people say the presidential pick will play a role in who ultimately wins. So why should Iowa vote for you again and Senator Ernst?

Donald Trump: Well, I think nobody's done what I've done for the farmer and for Iowa. When you had the flooding, when you had all of the problems, the bad weather problems, uh, I was there for you so fast. And then when you look at ethanol, I got it, as you know, I got it year round, I got, uh, taken care of. I got it 15, and, uh, year round.

Donald Trump: Nobody every thought that would happen. And then I worked it out so I think in November 15th it's going all the way to... You know, we, we took away the various things from other competitors and we gave it to the ethanol people, and, uh, that has to do with your corn. And, uh, the... Maybe the biggest thing of all, frankly, was I got $28 billion from China because Iowa and other farm areas were, as you know, uh, they were targeted by China.

Donald Trump: And so I put tariffs on China. And now China, frankly, is ordering more from Iowa than they've ever ordered in the history of our country, corn, soy beans, yeah, beef. They've never ordered anything like it, Rachel. So I think that nobody's even come close. But I got the farmers $28 billion, 28 billion, with a B, and that's why the farmers are doing well.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, the farmers would've been outta business. They would have literally been outta business, because China was targeting 'em. And China paid for every penny of it.

Rachel Droze: And now, Iowa farmers, um, have had a tough few years. I'm sure you're aware of that, and one of... One area many were excited about was your commitment to eliminating small refinery waivers. Ultimately, your administration held true to that promise this year, but there was concern that wouldn't happen because of rules passed by the EPA.

Rachel Droze: Are you committed to blending an annual net of 15 billion gallons of biofuels into the nation's fuel supply for the next four years?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm doing that, sure. I'm doing that, and I got rid of the waivers. And, and by the way, the farmers are, uh, are thrilled. I mean, maybe, you know, the ethanol people, corn people, but they're thrilled. Nobody else would've done that but me, Rachel, 'cause you know, ethanol's always controversial.

Donald Trump: But I like it, and, uh, I worked with the ethanol people. I worked with Joni Ernst and with Chuck Grassley, two great people helped. I know Chuck is always in great shape, and, uh, I call him unbeatable. And Joni should be unbeatable too, 'cause she's done a fantastic job. She works so hard. She calls me so much about ethanol and about, uh, the corn, and about subsidy for, you know, like the $28 million that I got.

Donald Trump: Joni calls me as much as anybody calls about anything. And that's what a good Senator is supposed to be doing. She's not doing it for herself. She's calling, she's calling to help the people of Iowa, and I'll tell ya, she's... Uh, I, I don't know how she's doing. I hope she's doing fine. I can tell you, nobody works harder for the farmers or for Iowa than, uh, Joni and, and Chuck, too.

Donald Trump: I mean, I watched him yesterday at the hearing. That guy is... He's unbelievable.

Rachel Droze: Now, switching gears, Iowa was one of the first states to announce a return to in-person learning for students, something you are in strong support of. Why do you feel these students need to be in the classroom when many teachers have voiced COVID-19 safety concerns?

Donald Trump: Well, one thing that has come out, and it's very interesting, is that students have to be in the classroom. You know, you see all about Zoom and all about the computer stuff, and, and, uh, we have done tremendously well on tele-health, and that, you know, you don't have to necessarily go into the doctor's office, et cetera.

Donald Trump: That's gone up thousands of a percent, thousands of percent. But, uh, it's been amazing. But, the one thing we have learned is that computer learning is not the same as being in the classroom, and we've learned that loud and clear over the last year. So we wanna have the students get back. They're young, they're strong, they're immune systems are great.

Donald Trump: It's 99.9% they're not gonna have a problem. If they do, they get over it very quickly. And, uh, no, we wanna have 'em back and the governor wants to have 'em back. You have a great governor in Kim, by the way. Great. Not good, great. And, uh, you have great people there, and, uh, you, you look at, uh, Terry Branstad, and, uh, his son Eric, the great job they do for y -- You know, they love your... There -- there's there's something about Iowa.

Donald Trump: Me, too. I love Iowa. And, uh, they, they... Everybody loves it. You got great people there, great people.

Rachel Droze: And now I understand an Iowan is getting a special award from you today, if you want to explain a little bit about that.

Donald Trump: Well, that's right. Uh, so you have a gentleman named Dan Gable, who was a legend all over the country, all over the world. And Dan was a great wrestler, and, uh, you know, a big, a big fan of his is Jim Jordan, 'cause Jim Jordan was a great wrestler. But I always say to Jim, "Jim, were you as good as Dan?" He goes, "Nobody was as good as Dan." Jim would say that.

Donald Trump: Ji -- Jim had a... You know, he was a champion wrestler, too, in college. Uh, Dan, I believe he was 188 and one. In other words, 188 wins and one loss. And what happened, he went into the Olympics, and he was wrestling in the Olympics and he won the gold medal. And I believe he didn't allow any wrestler one point, and one of the greatest wrestlers in the world was the Russian that he beat in the final.

Donald Trump: So he came home with a gold medal. And so Dan Gable... And he was a great coach. Jim Gordon s -- uh, Jordan said he's as good a coach as he was a wrestler. He had a long... as you know. You know all about him. He had a tremendous race. So I'm, I'm presenting him... I don't know if we'll do it today or shortly thereafter, uh, and you're the first person that knows about this, I'm presenting Dan Gable with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is, along with the Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest award you can get in the United States, the highest honor.

Donald Trump: Uh, I gave it to Tiger Woods two weeks ago, or a sh -- a short time ago. Uh, great, great people are, are... you know, just incredible people, incredible not only athletes, people generally. So it's the highest award and it's the Presidential Medal of Freedom and Dan Gable will be getting it. We've notified him, and, uh, I imagine he's thrilled.

Rachel Droze: Well, why should Iowa pick you over Vice President Biden? What will you do that's different from him, and what potential concerns do you have if he does win, for the Iowa farmer and Iowans in general?

Donald Trump: If Biden wins, you won't have any farms left. Don't forget, I got rid of the estate tax on farms. I got ri -- I cut your taxes. I cut taxes to a level, the biggest tax decrease ever. I got rid of a re -- a lot of your regulations, including the Clean Water, uh, which sounds nice, the Clean Water Act, which took away your be -- your farms and took away your land.

Donald Trump: All of that stuff will be reinstituted. The estate tax will be put back. There are no estate taxes on these small farms and small businesses anymore because of me. Uh, if I... And, and frankly, the Democrats don't like the farmers. Uh, we, we fight with them all the time. They like the cities. They don't like the farms, and we fight with them all the time for money and everything else.

Donald Trump: And nobody's done for the farmers what I've done. Again, $28 billion from China went to the farmers, and the farmers, if they had a bad season, they end up having a good season because they got 'em so much money. Nobody else could've done that. And we're looking for a lot more success over the next period of time, and we're also making great trade deals like the USMCA.

Donald Trump: We got rid of the horrible NAFTA deal. Now USMCA is just kicking in. And, uh, the, uh, the... So the Democrats don't like farmers. They never have and they've never been good to farmers. Nobody has ever done more for the Farm Belt or farmers than Donald Trump, ever, not even close.