Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-clay-travis-fox-sports-september-17-2020

Clay Travis: Welcome back at Outkick studios. It's always fun to say, joined now by the president of the United States, Donald Trump. President Trump, appreciate you joining us. You're going to be watching the U.S. Open at all? Have you played Winged Foot before?

Donald Trump: I -- I'm actually a member of Winged Foot.

Clay Travis: Well, that's a pretty good deal.

Donald Trump: I -- I [Inaudible] many times, it's a great place. Great course and a great place.

Clay Travis: What do you think, will the score of the winner at the U.S. Open given how challenging those conditions are, last time it was plus five, do you think someone will go under par or do you think it'll be an over [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I think so, because the players are so good and they're so deep. So you would think so. It was one of the higher scores. I guess that's right. It was plus five which you don't see anymore. So let's see. I mean, between the players and technology and everything else, but Winged Foot's great and the rough is very tough looking.

Donald Trump: If they hit their fairway they'll be OK, if they don't, they're going to be in big trouble. But it's going to be a great open.

Clay Travis: What's the best score you ever had in a round? Your member there. What's the best you've ever done?

Donald Trump: At Winged Foot, I'd say a low 70s. Pro quite a bit. Low 70s would be what I -- what -- I've been a member there a long time and I can -- I could get -- I could do pretty well but it's -- but it is just a great -- it's a great place. It's a wonderful place. I've -- I've enjoyed it for a long time.

Clay Travis: You've played with a lot of the top golfers in the world, many of whom will be playing at Winged Foot.

Donald Trump: Right.

Clay Travis: What's one of the most fun rounds you've had with the Tiger Woods or Rory McIlroy, and what's that experience like getting to play with a top golfer as a president?

Donald Trump: Well, the experience is terrible because you realize how bad you are. You know there --there is a big difference. I mean, you can be a good golfer and when you play with these top people, even anybody on tour, I always say, if there's anybody on tour or even somebody that you've never -- never heard of, I have a little expression, you know, on the first tee, always take the tour player, always.

Donald Trump: Because they're really good and they're -- they're better. You know it's very hard to get on tour, it's very hard to stay on tour. So if you have the option, always take play, the tour play. You'll very rarely do badly. I've found that over the years

Clay Travis: You've played a lot of golf over the years but, you know, I'm not very good. I'm an awful golfer. But every now and then you have a good round going and somebody sees you --

Donald Trump: Right.

Clay Travis: -- and they say, "Hey, you can play through." and you know, you get nervous because you're like if you get called up to get played through, you don't want it shank one, you don't want to hit a bad shot. When you're playing with the Tiger Woods or Rory McIlroy, even as often as you have played, do you get nervous in the tee box teeing off with him?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think a little bit. But you know, you're always a little bit nervous when you're in something it depends. I think the most nervous you get in golf is when you play in the club championships. That's our major, OK.

Clay Travis: Yes.

Donald Trump: A club [Inaudible] You know, without strokes or anything. When you're playing in a club championship, to me, I think, that's the most -- I have friends that are very, very good golfers, scratch players, and they almost can't play in a club championship. They don't play well and they just can't do it. It's the pressure.

Donald Trump: And I have -- I've had a lot of -- a lot of friends and just can't do it. I think that's our -- that's our major, right.

Clay Travis: Yes.

Donald Trump: And that's like a big deal. But you certainly get a little nervous. I play with Tiger a lot, actually. He's a great guy and really a great guy and it was amazing that he won the Masters so recently. And he knows, to me it was one of the great achievements. But he's -- is a wonderful person, actually, people don't know him.

Donald Trump: They're all good. You know, it's interesting, when I play with golfers I find them all to be very high quality. It's -- I very rarely play with a tour player or something that -- that you don't like. I just find him to be very nicely. Now, nice. Now, you know, they're playing with the president, so perhaps they're in good behavior, I don't know.

Donald Trump: But I've -- But this was before I became president. I just find golfers to be very high-quality group of people.

Clay Travis: You ever -- I've played a few pro-ams, and here they announce your name and you come up --

Donald Trump: Right.

Clay Travis: -- and you take a practice swing and there's people lined up. And I always think, I just don't want to kill someone, you know, by shanking one. With people lined up really close to you. You ever hit somebody you'd have to sign a golf, you know, like they always sign the golf gloves, you know, if you hit somebody down there?

Clay Travis: You ever had a bad pro-am experience?

Donald Trump: No. I've had bad experiences but not hitting people. My bad because I'll play badly or something --

Clay Travis: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- but not for hitting people. Pro-ams are OK because usually you have three or four amateurs in the pro and there's always somebody to lift you up, right. If you're not playing well. But -- but pro-ams are great, they're a lot of fun. But no, Gerald Ford was famous for hitting people, right?

Clay Travis: Yes. That's right. That's exactly right.

Donald Trump: I don't know what happened. He would always, every time he played, he -- he had a -- he had a propensity for [Inaudible] He was actually a good athlete. I don't know who's a good golfer but he was a very good athlete. But he had a tendency to do that.

Clay Travis: It's an easy transition there because Gerald Ford was a huge University of Michigan fan. Like he would have them play Hail to the Victors, I think, instead of Hail to the Chief a lot of times --

Donald Trump: Yeah, right.

Clay Travis: --when he would walk around because he was such a big wolverine fan. You have been instrumental and your administration has been instrumental in helping to get Big Ten football back. Tell me about your call with care -- Kevin Warren, what the experience was like to help to make what became yesterday a reality.

Clay Travis: All these kids, all these schools, all these athletes, not just football, a lot of people not talking about it but false sports in the Big Ten back and able to now play. How proud of you are of that accomplishment and what went into it?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm really proud of it because it was dead. It was totally dead. And I tell my people, "Look, we got a call." I say, "Who I'm going to call? Who's the head of it?" and who is Kevin Warren who -- who really turned out to be very open about it. And I said, "Kevin, look, we'll help you with testing. We'll help you.

Donald Trump: We'll get you everything that you need but you got to get it back for those states." those states wanted, they're real football states as you can understand and you know great teams. And very unfair to players, it may be their last chance to show their, you know, their skills to the NFL. And so they wouldn't get that.

Donald Trump: And I tell you, a group of people came together so fast once we started it because they -- they sort of gave up, although, I will tell you, they didn't give up. Their parents didn't give up and the players didn't give up. They just wanted to play. And enough with this stuff. And I called Kevin. He was open to it.

Donald Trump: We started talking real fast and hard and they ended up, it culminated in getting it done. And we -- we I have somebody, Tim Pataki, who did a really fantastic job, a young guy who works at the White House. He did a great job, he really did that full time. Now we're going to work on Pac-12. I mean, there's no reason why they shouldn't be but now they're the only ones are just about -- and they should be played.

Donald Trump: Now, maybe you can't, I don't know. I mean, maybe you can't at this point, it's getting a little bit late but they should be playing football. It's ridiculous. They may have a problem with their venues, who knows, you know, and some of them have a problem with governors. The governors had to come together and we had some governors that are Democrats and it wasn't easy but we got it -- we got it done.

Donald Trump: And you've got -- you can have some great football, Big Ten football. It's really terrific.

Clay Travis: We're talking to the president the United States, Donald Trump. And I know, based on my background interacting with him, Tim Pataki did an incredible job, who you just gave a shout out. He's an Ohio State grad. Over 300 calls. Because some people out there, you know how it goes. And the media are going to say, "Oh, the White House had nothing to do with this.

Clay Travis: They had no impact." You guys were very helpful and impactful in making this a reality. I know that personally. But certainly the evidence reflects how hard Tim Pataki worked and other members of your administration. I understand now there has been contact between the White House and the PAC-12 to also offer the same amount of help if the Pac-12 needs any assistance in order to be able to play this fall.

Donald Trump: Well, they -- I can tell you, Big Ten just needed some confidence in it and some backing. But we're really -- we've given a lot of backing. Now, without us -- I'm not saying this for any reason -- it was a terrible thing. You know, we did it, and we absolutely did it. If we didn't get involved, you wouldn't even be talking about Big Ten right now.

Donald Trump: You -- they had no chance of playing. They weren't going to play. And as soon as we did it for political reasons, a couple of people said, "Oh, they had nothing to do with it. They had nothing to do." And I'll tell you, when I don't have something good. Sometimes I get credit for something I shouldn't, in all fairness, that's OK too, I'll take it.

Donald Trump: But in this case we -- we -- I mean, Tim and his whole group and me met a lot of calls to a lot of people to get this thing done. And it's sort of sad when you do something and then you have a Democrat or, you know, opponents saying, "Well, they had nothing to do." and they know it's not true. We got it going.

Donald Trump: We got it started. We were able to show them the different testings. And they -- they knew a lot about the testing anyway but they just decided to go closed and there was just not a good decision. And -- and Kevin Warren did a fantastic job, by the way, gave him a lot of credit. He got out and he just -- They just did a big reversal.

Donald Trump: And it's hard to do a reversal. Either you make a decision and now you have to say the decision we're going to change. So it's hard, it's really a hard thing to do. But Kevin was fantastic and some of the people we worked with were great. But now we got that one open and we're going to try and we're going to see what we can do.

Donald Trump: I hear there's a little flexibility in Pac12, so I don't want to get people's hopes up too high. But there's a little bit of flexibility that we'll see if we can do it.

Clay Travis: When you look at the decisions that are being made in general like Joe Biden ran television advertisements blaming you, I think it was in Miss -- with Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania for there not being Big Ten football. Do you think that he will apologize now that you've helped to make Big Ten football a reality?

Clay Travis: Maybe start running ads praising you.

Donald Trump: Well, they did worst ads. They did worst -- It's ads that I said horrible things about soldiers who had died and that turned out to be a totally false story. It's made up, it's called disinformation, if you know what that is in the sports world. They made up a lie and they went with it. It's disgusting.

Donald Trump: That was worse. But you know with -- And that was it just a terrible thing to do. That's a real -- These are real lowlifes. That's why I take off the gloves because you know Joe is not equipped -- mentally equipped to be president, that I can tell you right now. He wasn't 25 years ago. But you know, I figure I can take the gloves off because when they did that.

Donald Trump: But they also did it in football. I hear somebody said he is too bad about football. I thought you like football, I said, "Sure, I do. Why?" they're taking the ads in very important states. You know, when you -- when you're talking about the states you mentioned, they're very important states, big, powerful, swing states.

Donald Trump: And he's taken ads and it's your fault that -- that Big Ten isn't opened. I said, "You've got to be kidding." And I put very light pressure on Big Ten even before it started this heavy pressure stuff. And I said, "You've got to be kidding." I get a hold of the ad and I said, "What a lie." It's just a lie.

Donald Trump: And they know it was a lie. They made it up, they make up stories. The worst campaign, most dishonest campaign I've ever seen, and the ballots, and well you see were that these unsolicited ballots. Why do you see the mess that they want. They wanted to be a mess. It's the only way they're going to win. It's the only way they can win is to cheat, in my opinion.

Donald Trump: So that sounds -- that sounds -- See, football is a much nicer, a much more genteel sport than politics, I can tell you. But I -- I really believe that they want to do this. I know they want to do. They want to make it a mess. But what happened. I saw the ad and that's actually what got me into gear because I said, "Wait a minute.

Donald Trump: I want it to happen." but I really didn't think of that getting involved. When I saw the ad, I said, "Let's get involved to get it open. So, that ad is one of the reasons I got it open because I just wanted to show that this was -- That was such a dirty thing to do. And when everyone -- Iwas publicly on record as you know Clay saying, you know, you guys only get to play and then but it was just --

Clay Travis: You said it on my show.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I said it on your show.

Clay Travis: That's why I saw those ads. My wife, who doesn't even pay much attention to politics, she said, "Wait a minute. The president came on your show last month before the Big Ten in the Pac-12 shut down, and said it would be a tragic mistake if they didn't play and then they blamed you for that for the games not being played."

Donald Trump: Absolutely. It's a 100%. And tell your wife I appreciate her good memory because some people don't remember so well. your wife has the memory. you probably don't remember it than she does. It's so you are married, right?

Clay Travis: Well, yeah. You know how marriage goes. She remembers everything I've ever done. It's not perfect. And by the way --

Donald Trump: It was such a bad -- It was so egregious and it was terrible. And because of that, I actually activated and and we got it done. So I'm very happy. A lot of people are really happy about it.

Clay Travis: I -- I was going to tell you this last time when you came on but you came on in August and my 9-year old son, when I said, "Hey, you know the president's going to come on dad's radio show." I swear to God, President Trump, the first thing he said was, "Wow." He knows Vince McMahon. I mean, that was his reaction when the president's going to come on the radio show.

Clay Travis: He's such a WWE fan and his first reaction.

Donald Trump: Well, I do know him. He's great. Actually, Vince is great.

Clay Travis: Yeah you could share that with Vince that the first thought from my 9-year old. When you -- when you look, you mentioned Joe Biden in the debate over Big Ten football and everything else. How excited are you? It's like a big sporting event for many people on September 29th when the first debate happens.

Clay Travis: Are you prepping? How do you get ready? It's almost like a sporting event, right? Debate is considered in many schools to be a sport. How do you prep? Who's playing the role of Joe Biden in the White House? What's that experience like and how is it different to be prepping as a president as opposed to a contender when you were doing it last time against Hillary?

Donald Trump: Well, I think in many ways it could be easier but they'll make up stories like they did about Big Ten and other things and, you know, they can hit you with different kinds of things but we've done so well. I mean, until this pandemic came and we had the greatest economy in the history of our country and now we're building it back to a point where we're going to have it again.

Donald Trump: All the states that you just mentioned had the best economy they've ever had last year and now it's heading back to that again. You know, the stock market is doing great, a lot of things are doing great and we're and we have vaccines coming very shortly. I mean, literally in a matter of weeks, we're going to have vaccines coming.

Donald Trump: So I really think that -- I think -- I think it would be a little bit easier. I think he -- I can't tell you who's going to show up with Joe because I've seen him where he's grossly incompetent and I've seen him where he's sort of normal like against Bernie, he debated normally, I don't know what he did but he debated normally.

Donald Trump: But I've watched some of the other debates where he had a large number of Democrats and I mean, he couldn't -- he couldn't put three words together, it was terrible. So I don't know. You know I don't know who's going to show up.

Clay Travis: Do you -- I saw where you said you would show up for Joe Rogan if he did a -- he suggested a four-hour debate between you and Joe Biden. How do you think it would go with Joe Biden and you showed up for a four-hour debate with Joe Rogan?

Donald Trump: Well, it was sort of done in jest and all but I would, I mean, I think it's good. And I think Joe has to be exposed and we'll see. Look, with me, you know what you have and we've done incredible deals with -- Even Big Ten, I got Big Ten. No other president would have gotten involved in that, as an example.

Donald Trump: There's no other president today that would have -- You understand that, they would have -- Can you imagine Obama wouldn't have done it, just wouldn't have done it. And it just is not in the makeup and taken imagine Biden doing it. He's -- he's a low-energy person. I used to call Jeb Bush, low energy. But I mean, if you compare the two Jeb is extraordinarily energetic compared to Sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: So you know, I mean, Joe's not going to be doing that kind of stuff. And it's sort of fun because, you know, I have this platform and it's sort of easy to do when you have -- We have this great platform. You know, President the United States. We hear that football all over these incredible states and all of the people that are affected by it.

Donald Trump: Everybody. Even in the stands, the people that work at the stands, everybody. So many people, so many jobs, so many everything. And you have this platform and you go out and you use it, and you use it for good. But I don't think a lot of people would do that. And I think a lot of people, if they did it, they wouldn't know how to do it.

Clay Travis: I think you're right. It's it's crazy to me that you get criticized for getting football back, right? I mean, like, some of the media out there they're upset because you got it back. And this goes to my mom. I mentioned my -- my wife earlier but she said, "Hey, make sure you tell the president this for me." so she's a big supporter.

Clay Travis: And -- and she said the other day, "You know, President Trump went out in a boat and -- and you know, somebody's hat blew off and he stepped out of the boat walked on water and picked up the hat and brought it back to the fishermen." The New York Times front page would say that: Trump can't swim. So you know, it's funny kind of the way sometimes the media plays, ike you bring football back and people are mad about it.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you, I have -- The vaccine is way ahead of schedule and now I'm being criticized on the vaccine because they're petrified that the vaccine comes in, you know, before the election and I view it differently. I view it like we're going to save lives. It's, you know, I think it's going to be a great vaccine and we're going to save lives.

Donald Trump: We have many great companies, really close and probably have it, and they're in test right now. But I'm being criticized for bringing it back too fast. And one of the doctors said, "You know it's a crazy world politics. Everybody wanted to get a vaccine as fast as possible. President Trump gets it ready fast and they're criticizing him." You know.

Clay Travis: It is wild. Do you expect the vaccine to be ready before the election by late October, Halloween time?

Donald Trump: It could be. It will be right there. I mean, it's right in that vicinity. Either before or little or just shortly after, which is years ahead of schedule. You know, if you look at -- if you look at what was going on with vaccines, there was no chance. If you go back to another administration, and I'm not just talking about Obama, if you go back to another administrations like, there's no chance.

Donald Trump: This would have been two, three, four years, because I've energized the FDA and we're approving things faster and safely. So it has to be 100% safe. But I've energized the FDA which would have taken two, three years and we're going to have something in a matter of weeks but it's amazing. This never happened until a few weeks ago when they started criticizing the whole concept of this vaccine, only because I did it.

Donald Trump: If it wasn't me, if it was somebody else they'd say, "Oh, this is unbelievable. The vaccine is gonna be here so early." And it's -- People are very aware of what's going on, they see what's happening. This is all done by the Democrats. They are very upset that we've done such a good job with the vaccine.

Donald Trump: They're very upset that we've done such a great job with, like, the ventilators, when you had no ventilators and all of us and we started producing it. You know, we've done a good job with the COVID. This was given to us by China, shouldn't have happened, should never happened. They stopped it from coming into China but they let it go to the world, the whole world is suffering because of it, it's a disgrace.

Donald Trump: But we've done a great job. But the new thing is the vaccine, and they're very, very -- they're very angry and you should -- they should be happy because we're talking about saving a lot of lives. But that's the world of politics, Clay.

Clay Travis: One of the world politics that's crazy to me, speaking of the way that the media has covered the coronavirus in general, is they have praised Andrew Cuomo, who statistically has the worst death rate in the world, President Trump. I mean, that's not -- it's 100% true. He's writing a book about what a good job he did.

Clay Travis: You look at other states: Florida, Arizona, Texas, Republican governors, they've all done far better from a per capita perspective and you would think that those guys have done awful jobs. All that matters is the difference between Republican and Democrat. I will get it like it's a scoreboard, like what's used data and actually use it like -- It's wild to me that Andrew Cuomo is considered to be like the greatest governor in the history ofmankind.

Clay Travis: When you look at his record it's -- it's awful.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He had a hard time. He had a hard time. And I mean, I can tell you the story. I know the story better than anybody. I won't say it but I tell you, he definitely had a hard time. A lot of people died unfortunately.

Clay Travis: And one of the decisions obviously was the nursing home which I think needs to get looked into. But that seems to be a huge part of this. It's a huge majority of the deaths in many countries are coming out of nursing homes and nearly 50% in the United States, it's only .6% of the population.

Donald Trump: Right. We have the nursing home. Look, it affects elderly people, especially if you have a heart problem or diabetes in particular, but other things too. But it turned out that they're vulnerable. And young kids, if you have kids, I mean, it's incredible. Their immune system is stronger, who would have thought.

Donald Trump: And the younger the better. But they have statistics where a certain state had many thousands of deaths, thousands of deaths and not one death under 18. Think of it. Not one.

Clay Travis: Now, my three kids are all back in school, which is why I've been arguing we need sports, we need people back at work --

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Clay Travis: -- and all three of my kids are back in person-schooling and I think that's important.

Donald Trump: Good.

Clay Travis: Yeah, and thank you for helping to make that happen. Question for you. This is a little bit interesting. I don't know in the grand scheme of things. Kim Jong-un, there's been all sorts of questions about what's going on in North Korea and I'm curious what you think about his health but also, word is that he is a big American sports fan, that he loved the Chicago Bulls, Dennis Rodman, Michael Jordan.

Clay Travis: Have you ever talked with Kim Jong-un about the 90's Bulls and what did he say? What kind of conversations did you guys have?

Donald Trump: Well, he really does like Dennis Rodman, I will tell you. It's -- it's sort of great. I always said Dennis would be better than some of these stiffs that they used to send over to get to know him, and they'd send these people over and they -- they went to Harvard and they're great students and great everything but they had no chemistry whatsoever.

Donald Trump: He really did like Dennis Rodman. Dennis is a good guy too. And they said, "We should maybe use him instead of somebody they graduated No.1 at Harvard. Maybe we should use Dennis." I thought about that. But we have -- I have a very good relationship with him he does love basketball and he really does like Dennis.

Clay Travis: And -- So, I always thought, like, man, if you could just bring him over here to go meet Michael Jordan, like, we might be able to get a great peace accord. I bet that to be based on how much he loved the bulls.

Donald Trump: Well, we've done well. We have a good relationship and, frankly, nothing's happened. If Hillary would have gotten in or if you had a longer term Obama, you would have been in a war with them as sure as you're sitting there, and you would've had a war that would have been a really bad one. A lot of nuclear weapons, a lot of bad things would have happened.

Donald Trump: And we're, right now, just -- hey, whatever happened to that war? Right. And I have a relationship. We'll see what happens. I mean, I'm not saying -- We did a great thing the other day with Israel. With Israel and Bahrain, you saw in UAE.

Clay Travis: Yes.

Donald Trump: That's just the beginning, we have a lot of other countries that want to sign into that deal, end up in peace in the Middle East. And people are -- Even the New York Times is giving that one rave reviews which is shocking.

Clay Travis: They said if you move the embassy to Jerusalem, everything would fall apart. Instead it seems --

Donald Trump: Yeah. The world is going to blow up.

Clay Travis: It might actually have helped in a major way, which is counterintuitive. Last couple of questions for you here. Did you watch Tom Brady at all play with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?

Donald Trump: I did. I watched it but football is way down. Ratings was way down because people are not going to stand for this stuff anymore. Well, were they not respecting our flag and our national anthem. They're just not going to stand for it. Ratings were way down. I did watch Tom and I like Tom a lot and I think he'll be fine.

Donald Trump: It was, you know, I guess it was a break in game. The other team's a good team, good quarterback. And it was an interesting game. What did you think?

Clay Travis: I don't -- You know, I think the big debate's it's like a divorce, right? Belichick and Brady and which one is going to have a better post-divorce wife.

Donald Trump: Right.

Clay Travis: And I liked the way that Cam played for the Patriots and Belichick. And -- Like, if you were buying stock in Belichick right now or in Brady right now for this season, which one do you think is the better buy?

Donald Trump: Well, they're friends of mine but I will tell you this is, Sam Coach, he's a very good friend of mine and he's tough and he endorsed me. And you know, he endorsed me the first time too and he said, he -- I mean, you know, some people don't want to get involved. OK. They just don't. He doesn't care. He couldn't care less.

Donald Trump: He wants to do whatever is right. He's a tough guy and he's just a great coach. He's -- I remember when he said the field goal against Atlanta, go for the field goal and they were getting killed and chance for a touchdown or a field goal and he kicked a field goal and also score like 27 to 3.

Clay Travis: 28-3. They were down. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And he kicks a field goal and I said, "Geez, that's not a good decision." It ended to be a perfect decision because they were tied and then they ended up winning the game if he doesn't have that field goal. Now, maybe they would have made a touchdown, you know, who knows what happens. But there's a case where you would have said that's too conservative, right?

Donald Trump: And -- But he is a great coach. I've watched him win games and other coaches just wouldn't win. But he's a great guy too.

Clay Travis: No doubt. Last question for you. Does it seem as crazy to you as it does to many people in my audience, that for high school football in particular, you've helped to get the Big Ten back we may end up with Pac-12 playing Mountain West, other conferences could be coming back. But if you look at the data in different states for high-school kids, whether they have a Democrat governor or a Republican governor in many respects seems to be deciding whether high-school kids should be able to play football or sports in the fall in general.

Clay Travis: Shouldn't kids be able to play sports regardless of whether the governor is a Democrat or a Republican?

Donald Trump: Well, it's too bad it has to be that way but if you look at these states with high crime, they're run by Democrats. You look at the cities with high crime, they're run by Democrats. The Democrats, I'll tell you what, their philosophies are not working too well and certainly their philosophies on law and order are working very badly. You look at all of the places that have problems. You know Portland, look at that, it's run by these radical left Democrats. It's a disaster. We go and I can fix that up in a half an hour, we'll send in the National Guard. They have to ask us. It has to be requested. But -- but all of these places are run by liberal Democrats and I don't know. It's sort of -- It should be easy. We're going to find out whether or not people agree with me.

Clay Travis: Last question. Did you tell my producer Danny G. that he deserved a raise when you called last time?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. I said, "You got the President." But you really do. You have a great show and he's a nice guy. But I said, "You get the President on the phone, you deserve a raise." I haven't done too many of these calls lately.

Clay Travis: I appreciate it, sir. We'd love to have you back on any time you want to come on. Keep doing good work and thanks for the work you did for the Big Ten.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Clay. Everyone have a good time. Thank you.

Clay Travis: That is the president of the United States, Donald Trump. I'm Clay Travis. This is OutKick on Fox Sports Radio.