Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-september-15-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's "Fox and Friends." It was cross-checked and verified for accuracy. Interview courtesy of Fox News Channel's "Fox and Friends."]

Brian Kilmeade: Let's bring in the President of the United States, President Trump, welcome back to Fox and Friends.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Good to be here. Great to be with my friends. I think we're going to do this, we've agreed to do it once a week in the morning, and I look forward to it. Like the old days.

Steve Doocy: I haven't heard that. Well, that's an exclusive right there.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, that's fantastic.

Donald Trump: Yes, well -- since we have great people working for you, you don't have to even get involved, you have the best people.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: And you do actually, and so anyway we've agreed to do it probably mostly on Monday, we're going to do it mostly on Monday and we if we have to Tuesday.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yes, we'll see how it goes, we've also invited --

Donald Trump: Like yesterday we were out in a different part of the world.

Ainsley Earhardt: I know, let's talk about that. But, I do want to say, yes, we're going to see how that goes, and we've also invited Joe Biden to come on our show, too, many times Mr. President.

Steve Doocy: But he has not called us back.

Donald Trump: I don't think he'll do it. I have a feeling he's not going to do it. He's going to need a teleprompter, and you don't want to give the answer early, you know, he's getting the answers from the fake news. I mean, it's hard to believe. The whole thing is crazy, I've never seen it, and nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: They give him the questions and then he reads the answers and everybody knows he's doing and nobody says it. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. I think I should try that sometime. I'm going to do that. Let's see if they do it.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, you have a teleprompter, you don't use it, you kind of wing it in your live events, but --

Note: [Video Begins]

Brian Kilmeade: -- the one thing you just watched, Mr. President, because you do watch the news, you see what's happening in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: What do you -- what do you -- what did they tell and what could you tell our audience about what to expect now?

Donald Trump: Well, it's not what it was, the one a month ago, that was really bad. And we got very lucky, that was really big coming in, but it went through an area that didn't have as much stuff, as the -- as the expression goes. You know, when it starts going through city areas and cities, and that happens too. But, we did a great job with that one last time.

Donald Trump: We got a little bit lucky, both in Texas and in Louisiana, because it got pieces of both that weren't heavily occupied, but it still does tremendous damage. This one is smaller, but it's a little bit more direct. But, we have it under control. We have FEMA there, we have the Army Corp of Engineers is all there.

Donald Trump: They can -- they can bring things back so fast, you wouldn't believe it. And they're great. The Coast Guard is always involved. The Coast Guard is an MVP. They've done so good. They've saved so many lives. You wouldn't believe how many people are out there when these storms come in. Some people go storm watching in boats.

Donald Trump: It's like, you know, why are they doing that. But the Coast Guard is -- is incredible what they do and the amount of lives they've saved. If you remember Texas two years ago --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: They saved 6,000 lives. It's just not even believable the numbers. And they've been fantastic. So, we have it under watch very strongly and FEMA's there long ago actually, couple a days ago before it hit. And they're doing a real job and they're out in the California fires, I was there yesterday with them and they're out in the fires and it's California, Washington, and Oregon, Washington State.

Donald Trump: And they're out there and these are really incredible people and very brave, very brave.

Steve Doocy: Yes, they certainly are and they are up against it with these two gigantic jobs facing them. Mr. President we'll talk about the wildfires in a moment, but I think the number one story over the last five or six days has been the comments that you made to Bob Woodward regarding how you had downplayed the pandemic to the people because you didn't want to freak them out, you didn't want panic on your hands.

Steve Doocy: I think a lot of your supporters are going, why on earth would the President of the United States sit down and talk to Bob Woodward, something like 18 times on tape?

Donald Trump: Well, because I assumed he was a little bit fair, I didn't do it previously, he only writes bad books. And I actually got to read it last night, I read it very quickly and it was very boring. But there was not much in that book --

Steve Doocy: Is it accurate, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: -- that's a boring book. It's OK, I mean it's fine. I don't want to create panic. People say oh, you should have gone out there and say, you know, jumped up and down, you're going to die, you're going to die. No, I don't want to do that, I don't want to build it up. And I'll say it right now, we're rounding the turn on the pandemic, we're rounding the turn.

Donald Trump: I was in Arizona yesterday, the numbers are very good. If you look at Texas is coming down, Florida's doing great. Places that were really a problem -- the East Coast is doing great. I was with Gavin Newsome yesterday, his numbers are getting very low. We're doing -- we're doing good and we have a vaccine coming very shortly.

Donald Trump: The vaccine's going to be here very soon and we've already got therapeutics with remdesivir and other things, the plasma. We've had a tremendous number of people that get better now that didn't get better three months ago, frankly.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, what about the critics who say that you're putting pressure on the Federal government to approve a vaccine so you can have an October surprise and so the people will feel like OK, we finally got this -- we got a grip on the pandemic, there is a vaccine?

Donald Trump: Yes, I'm not doing it for political reasons, I want the vaccine fast. If this were like the, I call it the Obiden, if this were the Obiden administration you wouldn't have a vaccine for years, because they would have taken two or three years. I've speeded up the process with the FDA, they've been great.

Donald Trump: Dr. Hahn has been great, the head of the FDA. Alex Azar's been fantastic. You know, it's been incredible what we've done because we're going to have a vaccine in a matter of weeks. It could be four weeks, it could be eight weeks, but we're going to have it. We're getting very good results and it's really looking good.

Donald Trump: And they're great companies, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Moderna, we have a lot of great companies. It's not just one. And they're all doing really well, it's going to be soon. Now, will it be before the election? It could be in terms of we have something, and we'll start delivering it immediately upon getting it.

Donald Trump: But we're very close to getting the vaccine and that's something I look forward to. And I think it would be so good for the world, not just for us, for the world. Now you have other people looking for vaccines and we'll see how they do and we're working in conjunction with them, but we're going to have a vaccine very, very soon.

Donald Trump: We're also going to have additional therapeutics. We have some great things, and we have some great things in store, so in development right now.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: So, I think we're really going to do something very special, we'll see what happens. But if this were another administration you would have been talking about two years, if you're lucky, before you got to this point.

Ainsley Earhardt: One more question on the pandemic really quickly because I know we want to that deputy shooting and we want to get out to the California wildfires. But I was flipping around different stations yesterday, last night, and there were all these shots of you in Nevada, in Henderson, Nevada and they were all saying they were critical of you for ignoring the public health professionals' warning against the indoor gatherings during the pandemic.

Ainsley Earhardt: And then I know some people in your administration have responded and said why weren't you critical of the rioters that were shoulder to shoulder and not wearing masks? What do you say?

Donald Trump: Well, I do say that, but I tell you we had four sites or five sites, a lot of sites, outdoor sites, I had it the night before, we were in Mendon, we were right outside of Reno and we had a tremendous crowd there, probably 30,000, close to 30,000 people. We had more people outside that couldn't get in. But we had this big, open site and it was great.

Donald Trump: The governor of the state tried to make it impossible for us to have a rally. You know, Democrat. Rather liberal Democrat and a political hack. And he tried to make it difficult. And we had this one side, a great supporter, he said, I don't care. The pressure was put on him. And we had an unbelievable rally.

Donald Trump: We were outside. Then we had another one scheduled the following day in Las Vegas. And it was -- it was terrible because we kept getting -- you know, he wouldn't allow sites and he followed us. I mean this guy was doing everything -- and his people -- were doing everything possible. We had outdoor sites and this whole thing was planned.

Donald Trump: So, then finally we get from a great supporter gave us this very big building, and they put people in but that wasn't our fault. This -- this -- we had four outdoor sites, maybe even five outdoor sites --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And he wouldn't allow it to happen. Now, this is the same guy that's going to be in charge of the ballots, OK. Do you think that's fair? It's millions of ballots are going out. He's the governor of the state. Do you think it's a fair thing, because I'm winning that state easily. But the one thing he can't beat, if they cheat on the ballots.

Donald Trump: Now, he'll cheat on the ballots. I have no doubt about it. This is the same man who's in charge of the ballots. So you have the unsolicited ballots --

Steve Doocy: You're talking about the governor?

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: Or the solicited -- the governor. The governor's in charge. He -- they followed us everywhere they had a site. My people told me they've never seen anything like it. Every place we had a big, open site, outdoor site --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Which is great. It would have been perfect. They said, no. So we had to go someplace. We ended up in a very big building. But I would have preferred being outside, like we were the night before.

Brian Kilmeade: Were --

Donald Trump: But the night before was amazing that we got it because they were trying to break it up. This is what we're up against. This is what's happening. And it's a disgrace, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And you're going to see something with these ballots. You're going to see corruption like you've never seen. You're going to see a rigged election. This guy would do anything. And he's in charge of the ballots.

Brian Kilmeade: But you have an attorney general -- the good news is --

Donald Trump: How can you have a governor with that kind of a take in charge of the ballots? So, you're going to have millions of ballots. The man that tried to prevent us from getting a site. And he's the man that forced us inside.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. But do you think that, in retrospect, Carl Bernstein called you a homicidal president who put together a homicidal assembly by bringing people indoors without masks. A lot of them chose not to wear masks in the middle of a pandemic. What's your response?

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, I know Carl Bernstein a little bit. He's a nut job. He's been a nut job for many years. He was the second -- second wing -- I'm -- I don't have a lot of respect for either of them, frankly. But he was a total nut job. And I see him. And he'll say anything. No matter what you did, liked today I'm doing a great deal with Israel.

Donald Trump: Israel, the UAE, and Bahrain. Everyone said it was impossible. No matter what you do with some of the fake news, doesn't make any difference. This one is great. This one's sort of interesting. And I don't say this in a braggadocios way, but I get nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize twice last week on two different deals.

Donald Trump: The other was Kosovo, Serbia. But I get nominated for that and this -- in this case Israel, it wasn't even on the nightly news. If -- can you imagine when Obama was nominated -- by the way, he didn't do anything. He got it very quick and they couldn't even explain what he did, which was a joke. But when he got nominated, it was all over the news.

Donald Trump: You know, it's like --

Steve Doocy: Sure.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: It's a very different standard. But Carl Bernstein's a dummy. He's a dumb guy. And Woodward's book last night, I read it. It's like lightweight reading and it's -- it's -- he doesn't get it. When my policies turn out to be right, as they have with Israel, we're going to have a lot of other countries joining us very soon, by the way.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They're going to all go in and then we'll have peace in the Middle East and we'll have it -- we're doing it through the back door. They've never thought of it before. With all this talk, they never thought of it before. And we're getting accolades. Even "The New York Times" and Tom Friedman said that's great.

Donald Trump: That's great. They gave us a -- I don't know, I can't --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You can't get a better review than they gave us on this day, like what we've done here and with no death. We haven't had death. There has not been fighting. In fact, we're bringing our troops back home from the ridiculous, endless wars.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They're all coming home. And they should be home. It's enough.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They've been there for years. They've been there for 19 years. In Afghanistan for 19 years. It's ridiculous.

Steve Doocy: Well, Mr. President, regarding --

Donald Trump: No, we're getting -- we're getting great accolades but, you know, the -- the news doesn't cover it. The Bernstein book was -- was really boring, I have to tell you.

Brian Kilmeade: Woodward's, yes.

Donald Trump: And -- the Woodward book. And Bernstein's book -- I read a Bernstein book. The guy can't write. But Woodward's book, to me, was a very boring -- it was a very boring -- it was inaccurate. Let's put it this way, no matter what you did, it was going to be negative. But I wanted to give it a shot. I didn't devote much time, but I wanted to devote time.

Donald Trump: Last time I didn't talk to him and it was a bad book. I think --

Steve Doocy: Do you regret it?

Donald Trump: Well, last time I regretted it because I didn't talk to him once. I didn't talk to him one time and it was a bad book.

Steve Doocy: And now this time?

Donald Trump: This time I talked -- well, I wanted to see if it could be done. You know, I mean, the guy's a negative guy. He's a Democrat, works with "The Washington Post." I mean, that tells you right there, which is truly a -- you know, I go at the -- it's the -- I guess you could say it's the flunky for Amazon. But he works at "The Washington Post." You know all about "The Washington Post." You don't get -- you don't get a break with them.

Donald Trump: But look, you -- if you want to remain sane, just don't read it because what they do is disgraceful. What's happened to the news, what's happened to the media in this country is a terrible thing. It's a shame.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. --

Donald Trump: And it's really -- much of it is absolutely the enemy of the people and they see it. And nobody's said it like I say it but I say it loud and clear. It's the enemy of the people, whether it's "The New York Times," "Washington Post," the networks. Think of it. You get nominated for the Nobel Prize --

Steve Doocy: Well, Mr. President, we're part of the press, too.

Donald Trump: -- and they have now --

Steve Doocy: Are we the enemy of the people?

Donald Trump: No, you're not. No -- I would say about 20 percent isn't. We don't have the --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- enemy of the people all over, fortunately. But we have -- we have tremendous disparity. You have tremendous unfairness in the press. It's -- you know, I came up with the name a long time ago. It's the fake news media, and you have to live with it. And one of the -- one of the great things that I have, I have such a big social media presence that I can get around it and get the word out.

Donald Trump: And, you know, my presence, too. I can do things that other people can't do, so I get the word out. But the media is very, very unfair -- the media is very corrupt, actually.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, let's talk about the hero -- the L.A. deputy -- that female. She's 31 years old. She was shot in the jaw. She put a tourniquet around her partner. They were both shot just sitting there --

Steve Doocy: Ambushed.

Ainsley Earhardt: -- in their car and ambushed --

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Ainsley Earhardt: -- and it was all caught on camera. She puts a tourniquet on her partner, and then she tries to call for help. It's not really audible but finally, they got her message. And she was saying 998 so that she was -- she was calling for help because an officer -- both officers were down and she was doing her best save the life of her partner.

Ainsley Earhardt: She was a former librarian. She's a mother to a 6-year-old child, and she really just wanted to be a police officer. Her dad was called and her dad said she is in stable condition. But the leading investigative officer has said by the grace of God, both of them are going to pull through but will be life-altering for both of them.

Ainsley Earhardt: Have you talked to her family? And how do we fix this problem because it's something --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Ainsley Earhardt: -- that's concerning to everyone in our country? Do we need to go into these communities? Do we need to send these officers and these chiefs of police into these communities to work with them? Do we hire police officers within the communities to monitor their neighborhoods? What do we do?

Donald Trump: We have to get much tougher. We're getting weak and soft with a lot of the Democrat-run cities and you're not seeing this. You take a look at the cities. The top 10 are Democrat-run. The top 25 are, I think, almost all Democrat-run. And their policies are horrible. They've taken respect away from police officers.

Donald Trump: They've degraded them. They've fired them. You look at New York. They fired a tremendous number of police. And crime is through the roof, but they fired them. They make it so that if you do -- if you speak up, you end up losing your pension, you end up losing your job. And they've taken what they do so well, like New York's finest -- they endorsed me.

Donald Trump: Chicago police just endorsed me. Yes, it's not easy for them to do because of the leadership in the cities but they endorsed me. New York endorsed me. So many endorsed me -- Texas, Florida, Ohio.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We're endorsed by almost everybody. I can think of -- I can't imagine anybody endorsing Biden with his views. I mean, his views are -- his views are death. He doesn't have any views. He doesn't -- I don't think he knows he's alive.

Brian Kilmeade: He's slowly coming -- yes, he seems to be slowing coming around to it. Yesterday, you were on the West Coast. You traveled the country and then you went to Arizona. But you sat there with Governor Newsom and you listened to what the problem was. And you also -- he was thankful to you for all the help you gave him and as quick as you gave it.

Brian Kilmeade: I think it's heartening for the American people to see two people who differ on taxes and the environment and other things, but get along personally. But, here's the other thing I want to ask you. In 2009, you endorsed action on climate change. You made it clear the Green New Deal is too extreme. What is the right way to act -- to react to climate change, within reason, without destroying the economy?

Brian Kilmeade: If you did say and didn't notice even back then there was something going on.

Donald Trump: Well look, Brian, you have forests all over the world. You don't have fires like you do in California, you know. In Europe, they have forest cities. You look at -- you look at countries -- Austria. You look at so many countries, they live in the forest. They're considered forest cities -- so many of them.

Donald Trump: And they don't have fires like this and they have more explosive trees. They have trees that will catch easier. But they maintain their fire. They have an expression, they thin the fuel. The fuel is what's on the ground -- the leaves.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: The trees that fall, they're dry. They're like -- they're like a match stick, you know, after 18 months. If they're on the ground longer than 18 months, they're very explosive. And they have to get rid of that stuff and they have to manage their -- they have to manage their fires.

Brian Kilmeade: And I think he agreed with you. Didn't the governor agree with you on that? Didn't the governor agree with you on that?

Donald Trump: He does.

Brian Kilmeade: And having said that, didn't he --

Donald Trump: No, he didn't -- originally he didn't when I first brought it up two years ago.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. But he -- you guys seemed to yesterday.

Donald Trump: And -- and we've been working on that.

Brian Kilmeade: But I -- just to follow-up on that. If you do think, whether it's manmade or not, if the climate is changing and the number one issue for people under 35 is climate change, like it or not. And in 2009, you were there saying, I think something needs to be done. What is the right answer if the Green New Deal is too extreme?

Donald Trump: Well, you want to clean up your plants. You want to clean up your auto pollution. You want to clean up a lot of things. Remember, we have a little problem called other countries. And they don't follow suit. Like China sends up tremendous filth into the air and into our oceans, by the way. India, likewise.

Donald Trump: Russia, likewise. So, we're doing all of this stuff. We're one piece. But you have -- we're like 5 percent and you have other countries, massive -- these are massive countries that have not done what they should be doing. And so we can clean it up but you still have a lot of stuff because of places like China.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And, frankly, Russia and also India in particular. And they send very, very dirty particulates up into the air and you talk about the carbon footprint, they do big numbers on the carbon footprint. And so we're -- look, what I want, I want absolutely immaculate, clean water. I want clean air. I want perfect clean air.

Donald Trump: And, by the way, we have it. We have really good, clean air. We have good, clean water. Better than we had before. We have better than we had before. You know, on carbon, we have less carbon now going up into the air than they had under the Obama administration. We do things a different way, but we're doing a great job and we're not putting our businesses out of business.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, a lot of the things they want to do would put our businesses right out of business. We wouldn't be any --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We wouldn't be competitive as a country anymore. And there are people that don't care about that. They say, that's OK, put everybody out of business. They really don't care. The Green New Deal is -- is -- is a farce. The Green New Deal would really cost $100 trillion. That's more money than we could make in 100 years.

Donald Trump: It's ridiculous. And it would put us -- our factories would be closed.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Our businesses would be closed. It's ridiculous. You know that.

Brian Kilmeade: OK.

Steve Doocy: Well, Mr. President, whenever there is something in the news, Joe Biden does emerge from his compound to make a statement.

Donald Trump: Barely.

Steve Doocy: He was in Wilmington -- he was in Wilmington, Delaware, yesterday. Super socially distanced.

Donald Trump: He's always in Wilmington, Delaware.

Steve Doocy: Well, that -- that's absolutely pretty accurate. He's out kind of in an open field. Everybody's like 20 feet apart. Very socially distanced. He had some harsh words for you, called you a -- a climate arsonist and said this as well. Watch.

Joe Biden: [Begin Video Clip] This is another crisis. Another crisis he won't take responsibility for. If you give a climate arsonist four more years in the White House, why would anyone be surprised if we have more America ablaze? If you give a climate denier four more years in the White House, why would anyone be surprised when more of America is under water.

Joe Biden: Hurricanes don't swerve to avoid red states or blue states. Wildfires don't skip towns that voted a certain way. The impacts of climate change don't pick and choose. [End Video Clip]

Steve Doocy: And you have commented on climate change, Mr. President. But, you know, just the optics of him finally leaving his house to go out and make a public statement. In the last week, I -- I haven't counted your events, but it's -- it's been a lot. Joe Biden has only done a couple. And I have heard some Democrats criticize Biden and the campaign in saying, it looks like Trump is out working us.

Steve Doocy: Is that your strategy right now, you know, at this stage of the game, before the debates, to just get out there, get everywhere while Joe Biden picks and chooses?

Donald Trump: Well, today we're doing the big event in a little while with Israel. And that was something that was really special. But you look at Biden, he's reading notes and he's reading teleprompters all the time and he doesn't read them well. And during interviews, he's doing an interviews and he's ready a -- I saw it two, three weeks ago I said, I think he's reading a teleprompter.

Donald Trump: They're asking him a question and I watched and then when this guy gets asked about that, he, you know, makes a fool out of himself and he can't answer the question because he knows it's true. I've never seen anything like this.

Steve Doocy: It was a -- it was a yes or no question. It would have been easy to answer.

Donald Trump: No, I -- I've never seen anything like it. Nobody has. The man is shot, let's face it. We can't have a man who's shot. Because you know who's not shot? Putin, President Xi, Kim Jong-un, they're not shot. They're world class chess players. This guy is shot. Everyone knows it. And, you know, we can't lead an economy.

Donald Trump: Look at our economy. We have a record stock market, another good day today. We have a record stock market, we have a record everything, we're back to where we were. The 401(k)s, they'll crash with this guy. I mean he wants to raise interest rates, he wants to raise them very high, four trillion dollars worth of interest rate cuts.

Donald Trump: You'll lose every business, you'll close down every business, you'll lose your jobs. People are going to be paying so much in taxes, he wants to raise taxes. He wants to see higher interest rates, higher -- he wants to see taxes where he's going to -- he wants four trillion dollars in tax increases. And you can't do that Steve, Brian and Ainsley.

Donald Trump: You can't do that. You'll destroy this thing. We're going to have a great new year. Now, we're going to have a big number come out, that's third quarter. It's going to be a very, very extraordinary number; it's going to be a record setter in all respects. Now, maybe I'm wrong and that'll be very bad I'm saying this but I know, that's what I do.

Donald Trump: You can have an incredible number coming out just before the election, literally two days before the election, and I'd rest my hat on that. Watch what happens, watch how good it's going to be. And next year we're going to have a great year. But if somebody comes in and raises taxes and lets interest rates go up to a much higher level, that would be a disaster for this country.

Donald Trump: You know, we also borrow money. This was very bad because it took three trillion, maybe four trillion to settle the problem where we have you know, we have -- and I do believe we are rounding the turn, including without the vaccine I think we're rounding the turn. With the vaccine, it's going to be great.

Donald Trump: But to get this horrible curse off our back we had to spend trillions of dollars, and we've kept it going really well. And we could use additional stimulus but Nancy Pelosi won't approve it because she thinks it's bad for me and the election. Well, I think we're doing very well. I think it's bad for her not to approve it because everyone knows she's the one not approving it.

Donald Trump: But Joe isn't equipped to be president, he's shot.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, we have less than two months until the election and a lot of people are really excited to watch what's going to happen in two weeks and that is the first debate, it is actually two weeks from today, it's in two Tuesdays. How do you prepare for the debates? Have you started your preparation? Do you just memorize what his voting record is?

Ainsley Earhardt: Or do you do these mock debates and get people on your staff to stand behind the podium and act like they're Joe Biden? What do you do?

Donald Trump: Well I sort of prepare every day by just doing what I'm doing. I was in California yesterday, I went to Arizona, which is doing great by the way, the state is doing -- is booming. And done a really good job with the virus too, you know down to -- it's down to -- it's very low. An excellent governor, excellent in Texas.

Donald Trump: I've been to Texas over the last few days, I've been to Louisiana, Florida, I mean, I've been all over the place. And I watch this guy sitting home and I say, maybe I'm doing it wrong, you know what maybe I'm doing it wrong. But he's got the press on his side. Why? I have no idea, somebody's going to have to explain, then you'll have a stock market crash if he got in.

Donald Trump: I tell you what, we have a headwind as good as our stock market is and that's good for people because they own the stocks, I mean everybody owns the stocks. But as good as it is, we have a headwind and the headwind is if he ever got in the market will crash. And that's a headwind. The market would even be higher but we're setting new records in the stock market, which is good for everybody.

Donald Trump: People are happy, we got this plague sent to us by China, courtesy of China, which is a disgrace because they could have stopped it. And they stopped it from going into China but they didn't stop it to Europe and to us and to the rest of the world and they should be ashamed of themselves.

Brian Kilmeade: On the debate, you have the experience of working with Chris Wallace's moderator. You just did an hour with him on Fox News Sunday and you have the experience of competing for the presidency against Hillary Clinton, all right? First set the scene. You know the style of Chris Wallace and now you're able to study what Joe Biden's been doing for 47 years.

Brian Kilmeade: What's going to be the greatest challenge here?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know which Biden is going to show up because I watched him during the debates where they had 20 people on the stage and you know, before they started calling it out, and I watched him and he was a disaster. You don't get worse, he was grossly incompetent. Then I watched him against Bernie and he was OK, he wasn't Winston Churchill, I can tell you that, but he was OK.

Donald Trump: He was fine, I said it was like an even debate. And so I said what did he do? So, I mean what happened to him all of a sudden because he was OK. And Bernie was OK, it was, you know an extraordinarily boring debate, but he got through it. And I said what's the difference between now and some of those classic moments in the other debates?

Donald Trump: And something -- something was strange in my opinion, I won't say what, but a lot of people think that something happens, and you can't do that kind of stuff, you just can't do that kind of stuff.

Steve Doocy: Well Mr. President you have suggested that Joe Biden should take a drug test.

Donald Trump: I do, I would take one too. Yes, I would say he should take a drug test.

Steve Doocy: You think he's taking some sort of drugs that pep him up?

Donald Trump: I do. I do. He's taking something. He's taking something or -- you know -- that gives him so clarity or whatever --

Steve Doocy: Maybe it's a cup of coffee.

Donald Trump: Take a look at him -- yeah, maybe had a lot of coffee. Maybe he had 15 cups of coffee. I'll tell you what, I've seen him in the debate with the other people, including Kamala and nobody treated him worse than Kamala. He picked Kamala and nobody treated him worse. Called him a racist, called him everything you can be called.

Donald Trump: Then he says, I'm going to pick Kamala. And Kamala has her own problems, I mean she went from 15 down to nothing. She dropped out before they got to Iowa, so she -- she -- I think she's not a good choice. I think she's a -- compared to Mike Pence who's been a great vice president. He's been a great vice president and you guys know that very well.

Donald Trump: But no, I -- I don't know, it's very strange. I think -- yes, I think he should take a drug test.

Ainsley Earhardt: So --

Brian Kilmeade: Well --

Ainsley Earhardt: -- let's talk about the Joe Rogan, who's -- he probably has the biggest podcast in the country and Tim Kennedy, who's on our show a lot, Army Ranger, he was a guest on the show and they were talking about another debate, adding another debate. And he tweets this out, Tim does, on my podcast with Joe Rogan he offered to moderate a debate between Joe Biden and the real Donald Trump.

Ainsley Earhardt: It would be four hours with no live audience, just the two candidates, cameras and their vision of how to move this country forward. And then he asks, who wants this, hashtag debates, hashtag election 2020. Then you responded, I do. So, you've accepted that. Joe Biden no word on -- no word on whether or not he would be interested on doing that Joe Rogan debate.

Donald Trump: Joe is lost. Joe is lost. We can't have a president that's mentally lost. You know -- they -- [Crosstalk]

Ainsley Earhardt: You mean Joe Biden?

Donald Trump: -- put an ad out that was bad --

Ainsley Earhardt: I thought you meant Joe Rogan at first. Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: I can take -- I'm talking about Joe Biden, yes. I can take the gloves off because they put an ad on in the military where I'm standing over a grave and they made up a sentence that I said, and I've never said it and I have 25 people that were there that said he never said that. And they made it up and they put -- made it -- you know -- this phony "Atlantic" magazine which is a radical left Obama friend magazine, and they made up this horrible quote.

Donald Trump: And nobody's been better to the military than me. I've rebuilt the military, they're the greatest people. They had me saying a horrible thing over a grave. A grave that's been there for many, many years, and I was with other people. And they know it's a phony story and yet they made it -- they know it's a total phony story.

Donald Trump: It's called disinformation.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You make up a lie. They make up lies. They made up another one about social security, that I'm against social security, and I'm the one that saved it. They used to do the same thing last time, they said I'm going to destroy social security. I kept it.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: I haven't touched it. And -- but they made it up the last time. So, they'll make up a lie and go with it. So, these are vicious people, so it gives me the right to take the gloves off and hit Joe, because Joe's easy to hit.

Brian Kilmeade: And it --

Donald Trump: But I -- yes, I would do it. I would do that with Joe Rogan. I like Joe Rogan. I would do it with Joe Rogan, but I think sleepy Joe won't, but I would certainly do it.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, so Mr. President let's go back to the military for a second. You know, General Mattis evidently has been critical of you in as a -- as a leader in the Bob Woodward book, which you said is boring. But, is it true, you've taken act -- taken strong actions against al-Baghdadi, you've taken against Soleimani, and is it true that after Assad gassed children for the second time that it was you that wanted to take out Assad, that you had a good sight on him and it was General Mattis who talked you out of it?

Brian Kilmeade: And if it is true do you regret not taking him out, being that he's not -- because he is a mass murderer?

Donald Trump: I would have rather taken him out. I had him all set. Mattis didn't want to do it. Mattis was a highly overrated general, and I let him go. He worked for Obama, he got fired by Obama also. And I thought that was maybe just a fluke, maybe they had different views, and he wanted the job very badly. I gave him the job, I didn't like him, I fired him.

Donald Trump: And he was a terrible -- to me, he was a terrible general, he was a bad leader and he -- he didn't -- he wasn't doing the job with ISIS. I -- he was not doing the job in Syria or Iraq with respect to ISIS. I got rid of ISIS after he was gone. I got -- I did a great job on ISIS, 100 percent of the caliphate, got rid of them, took out Soleimani, as you know.

Donald Trump: Took out al-Baghdadi, these are the two biggest terrorists. The al-Baghdadi founded ISIS, he was trying to build it again after I wiped it out. And I said, we have to fire him. He killed many, many people. And Soleimani likewise, Soleimani was the biggest of them all.

Brian Kilmeade: So, do you regret not taking out Assad and do you -- was it because of Russia being allied with them is why you didn't do it? And do you regret not doing it?

Donald Trump: No, I don't regret that. I could have lived either way with that. That -- you know -- I -- I considered him certainly not a good person, but I had a shot to take him out if I wanted and Mattis was against it. Mattis was against most of that stuff. He'd keep you in military, but he didn't know how to win.

Donald Trump: He would keep you in military but he had no concept as to win.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We've had tremendous progress since then. If you look at what we've done with terrorists and many other terrorists -- also by the way that you don't know but with terrorists with all and with -- by the way rebuilding the military. We have completely rebuilt the military, $2.5 trillion all made in the USA.

Donald Trump: Our soldiers are now taken care of, our vet, if you look at what we've done at the VA, our vets are so thrilled. They gave a 91 percent approval rating the other day, 91 percent, it's never been anywhere close to that high.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We got all sorts of things approved, including accountability and including choice. Obama had something approved that was so pathetic, it didn't work.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: A weak form of choice, we had a very powerful form of choice and our military's been great. They love me, and I love them, but Mattis was not a good leader, he didn't know how to lead, he didn't know -- he didn't have a concept.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, Mr. President -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: He -- he had a, yes.

Brian Kilmeade: -- I know your guy's in jail, but he is a great American. And he did give a lot to the country, you know that. But you guys -- they didn't gel -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, I know him differently, see I know him as a person and I don't -- I just didn't think he did a good job, I mean I don't say he's a good American or a bad American, I just say he didn't do a good job. I let him go, I told him give me a letter and you know I got to find somebody else. And when we've -- when we put together a team that's when it happened, and we wiped out 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate and he wasn't doing his job.

Steve Doocy: OK, Mr. President you mentioned Soleimani a couple times, you did take him out, and on Twitter, you went on Twitter and you said according to press reports Iran may be planning an assassination or other attack against the United States in retaliation for killing terrorist leader Soleimani. There are reports of a plot or perhaps plots to assassinate a U.S. ambassador or more than that.

Steve Doocy: Can you, you know, I know you know things that you don't want to talk about because they are classified, they're big secrets, but you -- clearly the news about the potential assassination of a U.S. ambassador is out there. What else can you tell us about this plot?

Donald Trump: Well, let me tell you before the plot, Iran is doing unbelievably badly. When I was -- when I first came into office there were 18 sites of confliction. They were in charge of all of them. They had a $150 billion that was stupidly given by Obama, I'll say Obama as opposed to Biden because he probably, who knows if he had anything to do.

Donald Trump: No body's made worse decisions than Joe Biden, especially with foreign affairs. So, they were -- they were literally a power, now they're not a power, that doesn't mean they can't do little things, but now they're not a power, they have no money, their GDP's dropped 27 percent, 27 percent in a short period of time.

Donald Trump: And if I win, they'll be unhappy but they'll make a deal in the first month, and they'll make a very good deal for us in the first month. Obama made a horrible deal, Israel would have been gone, Israel would have been wiped off the face of the earth. Obama made a terrible deal. I say Obama-Biden, but let's say Obama, he made a terrible deal.

Donald Trump: Gave them $150 bill -- he gave them 1.8 billion in cash, brought over by plane loads of cash, 1.8 and it was a short term deal, it was just a short term deal. It wasn't even a deal. And we can never let them have a nuclear weapon because they're crazy. We can never let them --

Steve Doocy: And the plot -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We can never let them have --

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, the plot?

Donald Trump: As far as the plot, I said it, you didn't read the rest of the social media statement. But I said it, I said it very strongly. They'll pay a thousand times if they do anything to anybody and I might be in that category but they'll be in that category too. And we're all set, and if they do anything to anybody, they'll be hit a thousand times harder than they hit us.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, Mr. President let's talk about -- you've mentioned it a few times but we'd love to know more about this, the signing ceremony at the White House today. What a historic moment bringing three of the largest religions in the world together for a peace deal, the Abraham Accord, named after the patriarch of all three of the biggest religions, Judaism, Mus -- Islam and Christianity.

Ainsley Earhardt: And I know 100's of people are going to be there, we've interviewed some people that are going to be there to watch this historic moment. And then you also said, this is just the beginning, there will be future deals, what do you mean by that?

Donald Trump: Well we have a lot of countries that want to come in, so for years and years these clowns that like to criticize me, well we disagree, we disagree. Well they never got anything, they never got anything done. They've been fighting for peace in the Middle East. And then when I came in I was told it was an impossible thing, you could never get it done.

Donald Trump: And we went around the other way, instead of dealing with the Palestinians we took the money away. We used to give them $750 million and they treated us badly. I said why do they treat us badly, we give them all this money? Nobody ever did this, I took it away. They're going to make a deal, you watch. But we started dealing with other people and everyone said this couldn't happen.

Donald Trump: And we made a deal with UAE, led by a man Mohammed who's a great leader, a great warrior. And we made a deal with UAE, then Bahrain came in and we have many others going to be coming over a short period of time. And the Palestinians will ultimately come in too. And you're going to have peace in the Middle East without being stupid and shooting everybody and killing everybody and having blood all over the sand.

Donald Trump: So, you'll have peace. And we're getting tremendous -- I must tell you, Tom Friedman wrote a great piece in "The New York Times," beyond a great piece, it was a 12 on a scale of 10. "New York Times" of all -- of all, I mean, I must tell you I respected them for doing it, because I didn't think they had it their --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- in their genes to be able to write good about me. But, they said it's an unbelievable deal and a very important deal. So, we have two countries, we have many others that we're negotiating with right now and the Palestinians will be brought in, because all of their supporters, all of the people that give them lots of money are coming into the deal.

Donald Trump: So, otherwise they'll be left out in the cold.

Brian Kilmeade: Now, Mr. President, the reason why, is because there is no flipside to this. What you did is reestablish relations with Israel, unlike the previous administration where they seemed fractured.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: And then you broke off relations with Iran who are a terrorist nation. And then the other nations said, I see Iran is a threat too and Israel is not a threat. And after they built some quite trust, you asked them to come forward and they have.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Brian Kilmeade: There's no flipside to this and "The New York Times" doesn't deny it. Now, are we at the point where you're willing to sell the same weapons to these other countries that you sell to Israel?

Donald Trump: Well, they're a very wealthy countries for the most part. I mean, these -- some are extraordinarily like UAE, and they would like to buy some fighter jets and I personally would have no problem with it. Some people do, they say, well they -- you know -- maybe they have -- they go to war. We have -- you know -- selling our stuff is good for our country in one way.

Brian Kilmeade: But, Israel gets upset.

Donald Trump: But, you know what I've learned about military equipment, you sell it today and it's obsolete tomorrow. All of a sudden you'll say, well we have a new plane, a new and better plane. No, I would have -- I know the leader very well, Mohammed, I would have no problem in selling them the F-35. I would have absolutely no problem.

Donald Trump: I view it as an asset not a liability. Plus, it's tremendous jobs at home. You're talking about a large number of planes, you know, a reasonably large number of planes, not the biggest, we're buying them by the hundreds. I mean, you know, it's -- we've stocked up our arsenal like nobody thought it was possible.

Donald Trump: When I took over we -- our military was so -- so depleted it was -- it was an embarrassment. We had 40 year old planes, we have 50 year old planes. You know the story, the grandfather flew it, the son flew it and the grandson flew it, the same exact plane. No, we have -- we have a military now, they didn't spend money on the military, they gave up their money.

Donald Trump: They -- they spent it on everything but the military. Obama doesn't like the military and I can tell you Biden doesn't like it. They fight me every time. It's the hardest thing. To get things approved for the military they want all sorts of other things approved, which does our country, for the most part, no good.

Steve Doocy: Right. Mr. President, John Roberts, who stands on your front lawn every day --

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: He's -- he's got our phone number just like you do. And he just texted, can you ask the president if his Middle East strategy is to cut deals with Arab countries to put pressure on the Palestinians to come to the table? In other words, surround the Palestinians with peace deals so they are the only ones not doing it.

Steve Doocy: If John Roberts was sitting right here he would have asked you that.

Donald Trump: Well, he's very good, John. He's done a great job, but he's -- he's got what it takes. And yes, you could say that, certainly a piece of it. The ultimate piece is it's good for us to have and it's good for Israel, but certainly that's a piece of it. The Palestinians are very difficult to deal with and we've paid them a tremendous amount of money for many decades.

Donald Trump: We paid them money, it was almost like hostage type money, it was bribe money and it was foolish. And I took it away, I stopped a year and half ago. I said, why are we paying when they say terrible things about us. Death to America, all these things they said and then we pay them $750 million. Yes, it's a lot of money.

Donald Trump: We pay them all this money and they speak badly about us. I said, I'm going to end the money, let them know we're not going to pay it anymore, we didn't pay it anymore. But, other countries would pay, other very rich countries would pay, but we don't pay it anymore. Let me tell you, when we start getting the rest of the countries in, they will come to the table 100 percent.

Donald Trump: They're actually getting to a point where they're going to want to make a deal. They won't say that outwardly, they want to make a deal.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: OK? And I'll tell you who else wants to make a deal, Iran wants to make a deal. If I win -- they're hoping that Biden gets in, because -- and China is hoping that Biden gets in. Russia, probably they want Biden, because look, nobody's been tougher to Russian than me, nobody. With the pipeline, with our -- our big military, we've become the number one energy country in the world, we're more than anybody -- we're totally energy independent now.

Donald Trump: What I've done with Russia -- and remember, Obama gave them pillows, and I gave them tank busters; there's a big difference with Ukraine. So Russia would like -- I think Russia would like it too. But here's the thing, they want to wait until after this election because there's nobody in the world that China would rather negotiate than sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: I've taken in billions of dollars. Take a look at what Obama did with China; they gave our country away. They were giving our country away. If they got in -- if this crew got in; the same basic crew but they've gone far left, much further left than they ever were that's why this is the most important election that we've ever had.

Donald Trump: If they ever got in, China would own the USA, China would own them. The other thing is Iran. Iran really wants Biden, maybe even as much as China but they have to give it a shot. John Kerry's been telling them; oh, wait until after the election because maybe you'll deal with Biden instead of Trump. Well there's no way they're ever going to have a nuclear weapon and Biden would probably give them that right.

Donald Trump: And they're ready to make a deal. They're doing so badly with it, GDP went so far down, nobody's ever seen it in their life. I think it's a record. And when I -- when I took over that was a powerful, wealthy nation. Now they're -- because of all of the sanctions and everything else, they're dying to make a deal but they want to see what happens in the election.

Donald Trump: I said you should wait. Why don't you wait to see what happens in the election. We'll have a deal with Iran within one month and it will be a really good deal for the United States because they have choice. But if Biden got in, they'll all, they'll just take -- they'll take our guts out.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, I think you broke a lot of news this morning. Thank you, very much for starting your day with "Fox & Friends".

Note: [Video Ends]

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you.

Donald Trump: OK, it's been great.

Brian Kilmeade: So we'll do it every week? We're going to do it every week?

Donald Trump: I look forward to it. Yes, we're going to do it every week. Every Monday I think they said and if we can't do it on a Monday, we'll do it on Tuesday like we did today.

Brian Kilmeade: Sounds good.

Steve Doocy: All right. Mr. President, thank you, very much. You may want to do it every week but "Fox" is not committed to that. We're going to take it on a case by case basis. And Joe Biden, as well, is always welcome to join us for 47 minutes like we just did with the president. All right. Donald Trump, President of the United States.

Steve Doocy: He's now gone to talk to John Roberts, maybe.