Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-peter-doocy-fox-january-30-2020

Donald Trump: Well, I just got back from Michigan where we are like doing incredibly well with the car plants moving and everything else. The factory is being built all over the place. And now it just landed in Iowa. I got to watch a little bit. It's very boring to watch, I have to say that. It's very boring. I call it the impeachment hoax, and that's what it is. It's a hoax.

Donald Trump: It should have never taken place, should have never been allowed to happen. But I have great confidence in Republican senators and probably some Democrats from what I understand, Peter.

Peter Doocy: Any concern because not many presidents have been in this position, impeached by the House, a potential vote for removal in the Senate. Any concern about --

Donald Trump: Well, I shouldn't be in this position either because we've done more than any other president in the first three years, you know that, everybody knows that. Most importantly, your father knows that, right? As he watches, he's a great guy. But we've done a lot with tax cuts and regulation cuts and the military, rebuilding it, and terrorism and we got rid of 100% of the ISIS caliphate, and we could go on forever.

Donald Trump: Nobody's done what we've done. And it's a ridiculous horrible partisan situation. We won 196 to nothing in the house. This was not supposed to happen. But I have great confidence in the Republicans and the Republican Senate and I know they're going to be fair.

Peter Doocy: The Democrats that we hear here in Iowa are talking about impeachment like it is something that is going to stain you forever, whereas your defenders say it's going to fire up the base and help with re-election. Which is it?

Donald Trump: Well the polls came out today, you see I'm leading everybody, and in Iowa I'm leading them by a lot. Every single Democrat I'm leading them by a lot. I gave them ethanol and we did a lot of other things including biofuels. But most importantly, the farmers I gave them the USMCA, I gave him the China deal and I was doing better than they've ever done and now they're going to really start to do well because of the new trade deals that we have that were horrible that were just left alone by President Obama and Biden, they were horrible deals and now the farmers are gonna do fantastically well.

Donald Trump: I say they have to go out by bigger tractors and more land because I don't even know if they're going to be able to create that kind of -- that kind of -- that amount of product. But we'll see what happens. But I think we're doing very well in Iowa. You saw the polls I'm beating every single one of them.

Peter Doocy: There are some polls that Joe Biden likes to look at, I know, where he says, "I'm the one."

Donald Trump: They're old polls. Any polls that he's leading and they're old -- What's happened, you look at the new Gallup poll today just came out. We're beating them all, and Joe's going down. I guess Bernie is surging. It's a very interesting -- You know, I'm here at this time and they're all going crazy over there but we have a rally that's thousands of people outside they can't get in, so it's going to be something.

Donald Trump: But it seems that Bernie is surging. I don't know who is going to win it.

Peter Doocy: You mentioned Bernie Sanders. His whole campaign in the final days is warning Democrats. President Trump is going to take away your Social Security because of something you said in Davos. Is there anything to that?

Donald Trump: I'm the one that saved it. The Democrats wanted to do it last time. I've been here for years and I haven't touched it except making everything stronger, making our country stronger our country being strong is what saving Social Security. So I'm not touching Social Security. They're the ones that are going to destroy it with his crazy plan.

Donald Trump: You're going to destroy everything not only Social Security. They're going to destroy health care. They're going to take away health care from 180 million people. It's going to be like a catastrophe. Now, I'm the one that saved the Social Security and every year it becomes stronger because our economy is so good and now that the trade deals are kicking in, the growth will be incredible.

Peter Doocy: Speaking of health care, coronavirus, how concerned are you and do you believe what China is telling us about how bad it is?

Donald Trump: Well what I'm doing is we're dealing very closely with China. We'll be making certain announcements over the next 24 hours and 48 hours and we are in great shape. China is not in great shape right now. unfortunately, but they're working very hard. We'll see what happens. But we're working very closely with China and other countries.

Peter Doocy: Elizabeth Warren this week was trying to maybe play some blame with you and say if there weren't for some budget cuts we wouldn't have an outbreak like this. What do you say to that.

Donald Trump: Well she's lucky, she's Pocahontas for a reason. I mean she's a disaster. She wants to have something where she takes away free speech and she's the one that really violates it more than anybody when you look at all the yards that she's told. She's failing. She's failing in the polls, whether it's Biden or Bernie or somebody.

Donald Trump: It's not going to be Elizabeth Warren and too many yarns.

Peter Doocy: And just a really quick one. Michael Bloomberg was asked if the country wanted a race between two New York billionaires and his response to that was, "Who's the other one?" Do you think he's trying to get under your skin.

Donald Trump: No. I mean, he's mini Mike. He was very -- he did a poor job in the last -- his last time he was terrible.

Peter Doocy: Frankly under your skin?

Donald Trump: No. No. Who gets under my skin? You know how many times I've been asked that question? Like everybody that runs they say, "Is it true that he's under your skin?" Michael's doing very poorly. You look at his poll numbers, he's spending a lot of money. And what can I say? He's doing poorly. I think they're all doing poorly because according to every poll, I'm leading every one of them by a lot.

Peter Doocy: Last one. Super Bowl pick. Chiefs or 49ers?

Donald Trump: Well, I love them both, let's just say. But I will tell you some, two -- two very interesting teams, some interesting players, some really great players and it's going to be hopefully a great Super Bowl.

Peter Doocy: So no pick.

Donald Trump: I'd rather not do that. I'd better not. I do have a feeling as to who's going to win but I'm not going to say it.