Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-howie-carr-wrko-july-9-2020

Howie Carr: We just wanted to talk to -- wanted to welcome a special guest to the Howie Carr Show, President Donald J. Trump. President Trump, thanks for being with us.

Donald Trump: Hi, Howie. Hi.

Howie Carr: We're looking forward to having you back in New England.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll be up in Portsmouth on Saturday night, so that'll be great. I look forward to it. I hope you're going to be there, but we have a big, big crowd, I understand.

Howie Carr: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm looking forward to trying to get up there. And the Dems in New Hampshire, as you probably know, are trying to -- trying to force the governor to order everyone to wear masks, and he's not -- he's not having any of it. So what -- what kind of speech could people expect, the like a -- a mount -- a more formal address like Mount Rushmore or will this going to be a f -- will this going to be a --

Donald Trump: Well, not really. Although people like the re -- Mount Rushmore.

Howie Carr: It was great.

Donald Trump: But it's a -- it's rally, and, uh, it's a rally, we have tremendous enthusiasm. And frankly, we almost won New Hampshire. We should have won it last time. We had a couple of intervening circumstances that should have never happened. Like buses being piled up by the -- by the hundreds and even thousands. You know, buses coming up from Massachusetts, and people voting.

Donald Trump: I guess they call it same-day voting. You don't have that this year. Your -- thanks to your governor, who's great.

Howie Carr: I was going to tell you, governor -- Mr. President, you know, if -- if the schools don't open up again, I know you want them to open up again. But if the colleges don't open up in New Hampshire, that'll greatly increase your chances of taking the state. The turnout will be way down in places like Hanover, and Durham, and Plymouth, and Keene.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] interesting. I never thought of that, Howie. I'll always do what's right, but I never did actually think of it that way. That's very interesting, isn't it? Well, I will say this, we're looking forward to getting the schools open for, you know, especially at the young ages, we want to get the kids back to school.

Donald Trump: They want to be back in school. It's very bad for them not to be in school. And one thing we've learned is computer training is fine, but it's not like a campus or a school. That's one thing we've learned for sure. So we'll see how it all works out, but I look forward to being there Saturday. How are you doing, Howie?

Howie Carr: I'm d -- I'm doing great, Mr. President. I'm -- I'm having a good time. I just wanted to -- I want to ask you some questions here today.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Howie Carr: The -- the Supreme Court decisions today. I mean, they're -- they're not going to get a look at your taxes or even close to it before election day, but how -- how do you feel about the -- the -- the fact that -- that your two appointees to the Supreme Court, your nominees, Gorsuch and Kavanaugh voted with the -- the -- the five more liberal members of the Supreme Court on a couple of those decisions?

Donald Trump: Well, they have to do what they have to do. It's disappointing, but I -- I -- at the same time you realize it's a, you know, it's too bad. I thought Judge -- Justice Alito's wording was brilliant today and correct. And Justice Thomas is -- is just, you know, really great. But Justice Alito said it incredibly well, what he said, and this is harassment.

Donald Trump: This is Presidential harassment. This is a -- and I'll tell you, this is a witch hunt, a political witch hunt that's been going on for literally more than four years before I got into office. And they caught President Obama and Biden spying on the campaign. They were spying. And so far nothing's happened to them.

Donald Trump: And it's frankly not right. Nothing's happened to them. It's not just Comey and Brennan and everybody else, McCabe, all the beauties, the two lovers, right? Lisa Page and Strzok. It's -- Obama know -- knew all about it. And so did -- think of it, and so did Biden. They were spying on my campaign, probably never happened before, but that -- there is nothing more serious than that.

Donald Trump: It's incredible that -- that you could even conceive of. And they used intelligence agencies to spy on my campaign.

Howie Carr: You think Biden's going to agree to these debates? I mean, I already see the New York Times is trying to come up with excuses for why he doesn't have to debate you. Do you think you're going to have any of these debates or -- or not?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope so. The New York times is just trying to get him out of the debates because, you know, you just -- you see what it is. And his record is terrible. But he can't -- he can't even talk about his record. He forgets his record. He forgets everything. So we'll see what happens. But, you know, I think it would be a terrible thing for our country if he did that.

Howie Carr: I -- I want to play a cut from Joe Biden a couple of days ago where he called the police the enemy. But I wanted you to just hear the cut again. I'm sure you've heard it, but here -- here it goes, cut one.

Joe Biden: [Begin Recording] A surplus military equipment for law enforcement, they don't need that. The last thing you need is enough armored Humvee coming into a neighborhood. It's like the military invading. They don't know anybody. They become the enemy. They're supposed to be protecting these people. So my generic point is -- [End Recording]

Howie Carr: He called the police the enemy, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's terrible. No, it's terrible. You know, I've given out surplus military equipment to the police. And if you remember, Obama didn't want to do that. He didn't want to do that. And we have hundreds of millions of dollars worth of equipment that will sit in storage for years and years and just get worthless.

Donald Trump: And I've given it out to the police, and they -- I'm saving so many police lives, a lot of it is protective equipment, and they don't even want to do that. It's incredible to me. I don't know what's happened to these people. They've gone -- they've gone crazy, frankly. And, you know, it's defund the police and abolish the police.

Donald Trump: Defund and abolish is the term. And he just signed an agreement with Bernie Sanders that makes him -- I think it puts him further left than Sanders. And he doesn't know what he's doing. And -- and the whole thing is crazy.

Howie Carr: So I -- I guess he signed onto the green new deal. So that means he wants to shut down the energy industry, right? [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: If he [Inaudible] forget it. He wants to shut down anything having to do with petroleum and he wants -- the whole thing is crazy. You wouldn't be able to run anything, would lose all our jobs. You'd have -- you'd have nothing. The country would be -- would go back to prehistoric times. I mean, it is absolutely insane.

Donald Trump: Now, I guess he means it, but I don't think he knows what he means. I think he has no idea where he is. And frankly, he's never going to run the country, who -- somebody is going to run and it's going to be a far-left, radical, crazy person. And it's -- it's going to be a disaster. Look, the stock market went down 500 points before, just on the news, it's doing fine.

Donald Trump: And then all of a sudden, boom, it goes down. They looked at the decision. You know, the -- the fact that if I am not -- if I'm not elected, you're going to end up with a depression, the likes of which you've never seen, let me put it that way. They want to raise taxes. They want to put on regulations that make it impossible.

Donald Trump: They want to get rid of oil. They want to get rid of gas. They want to get rid of all of the -- the things that power the country powerfully because there is no technology that can replace them. And we would be talking about millions, tens of millions. How about if you're Pennsylvania, or if you're where they actually big energy with the fracking.

Donald Trump: But how about of you're a Pennsylvania, Texas, North Dakota. I mean, these States, Oklahoma, these States are, you know, they made us number one in the world in energy. Now, all of a sudden, we're number one and -- and we're now number one in the world, and he wants to bring us back to a point where we're going to be reliant on other countries.

Donald Trump: We don't want to be there, Howie.

Howie Carr: I know. Let me ask you about this New York prosecutors with trying to get your taxes, Cyrus Vance Jr. You know him, I think, from living in Manhattan, I mean, isn't this the same guy who was handed the case against Harvey Weinstein by the New York City police department. He -- they had actual audio of Harvey Weinstein apologizing for molesting a woman.

Howie Carr: And he wouldn't touch this case. And -- and he took $10,000 from David Boies, the lawyer for Weinstein. And -- and now we see -- now he's after you.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a sad thing for New York. I mean, they -- they've failed with Mueller. They failed with everything. And federally, they just shifted papers down to New York. And it's -- or up to New York, depending on your definition of where they're coming from. But it's a -- it's a very sad thing. But it's a very sad thing, what's happening to New York is a very sad thing.

Donald Trump: New York, everybody's leaving. You see what's going on. It's -- crime is way up. It's up through the roof. Everything is going wrong with New York. I've never seen anything like it. It's all just collapsing in front of your eyes. And on top of that, they take in -- it's political harassment. It's prosecutorial.

Donald Trump: You could say misconduct. You could say whatever. It's -- it's incredible. It's incredible. But remember, it's -- we've been through this now. I've been through this for four years, four and a half years, and now they continue. It just never ends.

Howie Carr: How do you do it? I -- I don't, you know, I -- I -- I could -- I don't think anybody could take the kind of abuse you take every day.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Howie Carr: Rush was talking about it today. It's amazing.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's one of those things I have no choice. It's like, do you have a choice? And the other choice is to let the radical left to take over the country. We're not doing that. We passed the law, a very strong law, 10 years in jail if you touch a federal if you do anything bad to a federal statue or -- or, you know, any form of a federal monument and 10 years in jail.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, it stopped. You see it stopped. Now, they're still attacking state and city, but it stopped. And if -- if I weren't here, this whole -- this country will go down so fast. Your taxes will double and triple. Everything will be -- you'll -- you'll be in a depression the likes of which you've never seen.

Donald Trump: You saw it today, down 500 points based on something which they thought might've been a lot worse than it is. What it does is it resets, so basically you're back to ground zero.

Howie Carr: Yeah. What -- what did you think when you saw de Blasio, that you're -- the mayor painting Fifth Avenue in front of Trump tower today, BLM.

Donald Trump: I think it's a disgrace. I think it's a disgrace what's happened to New York. You have tenants paying a lot of money. They're very unhappy. All the -- all of these tenants that are so unhappy with what's going on in New York, and they paint a big Black Lives Matter. Just remember, that was pigs in a blanket, fry them like bacon.

Donald Trump: That's what it was, Black Lives Matter. And all of a sudden, they become mainstream but look at who's running it and look at what they stand for. And it's disgraceful. It's disgraceful. And everybody understands that, most understand that. So now he goes out and he does it because he thinks it's going to make him more popular.

Donald Trump: It's not going to make him more popular. I mean, you can't be less -- you can't be less popular.

Howie Carr: Pigs in a base -- bay -- in a -- in -- in -- in a blanket, fry them like bacon, that was a chant, yeah, from a few years ago.

Donald Trump: Right.

Howie Carr: Yeah, I think it was in Minneapolis.

Donald Trump: That was a Black Lives Matter. They were talking about the police, fry them like bacon. That's what they were talking about.

Howie Carr: What happened at Kanye West than you? Why -- why -- he's running for President. What -- what's going on?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's fine. I mean, I -- you let him have his voice. I think he probably does support us. I'm sure of it, as a matter of fact. But we'll have to see. I mean, if he had his voice out there, it would be something I wouldn't mind at all.

Howie Carr: Does he take more votes for -- if he runs, does he take more votes from you or from Biden?

Donald Trump: I -- I don't know. I mean, you know, whoever it is, wherever it may fall, but I think we're going to do really well. This is reminding me like four years ago. We have more enthusiasm than anybody's had in years for our electorate's going to get out there, Howie. We've -- we haven't had enthusiasm like this.

Donald Trump: You haven't seen it in four years. Now, I wasn't involved in '18. I wasn't running. So it's a big difference. And I had a lot of supporters, they said, "We're not going to vote unless you're on the ticket." And you know that. But in '16, we had great enthusiasm. We have more enthusiasm today by far because they see what's going on, that Biden -- Biden had -- is lost.

Donald Trump: He's a lost soul. He's lost. And you take a look at what's going on, it's -- it's crazy. It's being run by the radical left party. And whether you call them anarchists or agitators or looters, but what's going on is terrible. It's terrible. This country -- if -- if I don't win, you're not only going to have stock market crashes.

Donald Trump: I mean, everyone's 401ks are going to be down the tubes, that stocks are going to go, stocks and jobs. I don't view it as a stock where, you know, we're going to set -- we're already setting new records with NASDAQ, you know that, but we're close to setting new stock market records again. And we have set new job records, almost five million last month.

Donald Trump: But if we don't win, this whole thing will -- will be a disaster.

Howie Carr: What -- what do you tell the people that are living in the blue states that are just chafing under these continued lockdowns? I mean, Murphy in -- in New Jersey has just imposed masks, Walz in Minnesota, Mills in Maine. They're going to be a lot of Maine people at this rally on -- on -- on Saturday night in Portsmouth.

Howie Carr: What do you -- can you help them out? Can you help us out? We're locked down in Massachusetts.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, you have a governor in Maine that won't let people even look at each other. I've never seen anything like what's going on with these -- it's really the blue governors. And they haven't done very well. But, you know, not only haven't they done well, if you look at Maine, I just opened up the lobsters and I just opened up fishing.

Donald Trump: I got rid of 5,000 square miles worth of -- that President Obama just took away. He took them away. They closed 5,000 square miles of the best fishing and lobster ocean in the world. And I just opened it up. And now I got rid of the tariffs on China. We're getting rid of the tariffs on Europe, because it made it impossible for the -- our fishermen and lobstermen.

Donald Trump: We -- we couldn't -- they couldn't do anything. They couldn't fight it. So I've done more for Maine in the last two weeks than probably anybody's done in 20 years. But Obama put a restriction on lobster -- of going for lobsters, going for fish, going for anything, 5,000 square miles. You know what that is? How much that is?

Howie Carr: I -- I know, and they call it a monument, a monumental Obama.

Donald Trump: That's a monument to what?

Howie Carr: Yeah. Yeah. Monument to unemployment.

Donald Trump: No, I hope -- I -- I just hope that people in Maine know that I did this because nobody else would have done it. In fact, we had some of the fishermen down and they said, "Sir, nobody else -- nobody else would have done this. Nobody."

Howie Carr: One -- one last question, Mr. President. We appreciate you taking the time and we look forward to seeing you in Portsmouth on -- on -- on Saturday night. Roger Stone, he's -- he say -- he's quoted today and saying he's praying for a commutation or a pardon from you. He has to report to prison. He's been ordered by the BOP to report next Tuesday.

Howie Carr: Can -- can you tell -- are you going to do anything for Roger Stone? He was framed. I mean, talk a witch hunt.

Donald Trump: He was framed. He was treated horribly. He was treated so badly. He had a foreman or a fore -- a fore-person who was -- should not have been there. How that tra -- trial wasn't redone is incredible. He was treated very badly. Well, if you say he's praying, his prayer may be answered. Let's find out what happens.

Howie Carr: You don't want to be more definite?

Donald Trump: He was treated -- I'll tell you what, he's a good person. He's a character, but he's a really good person. And I'll tell you, the way he was treated -- and I go -- I go all over and they have sides, and they don't even know him really, but they know he was taken advantage of just like many others, many others.

Donald Trump: And yet, in the meantime, Obama spied on our campaign, Biden spied on our campaign, they got caught, and at least so far, nothing's happened to them. And they were the leaders. They were the leaders. It was -- it was -- Comey was and all of them, but Obama was the lead. Now we find out they were in the rooms together.

Donald Trump: They were talking together. Obama spied on our campaign. Biden spied on our campaign. They knew everything that was going on. They were leading it. And so far, nothing's happened. It's rather incredible. But let's see what happens.

Howie Carr: Mr. President, we look forward to seeing you on Saturday night in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Thanks so much for coming on. I hope you'll come on again as the campaign unfolds.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I will, Howie. Absolutely. Thanks a lot.

Howie Carr: Thanks a lot. That's President Donald Trump. I'm Howie Carr.