Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-hannity-february-1-2020

Note: [This interview was recorded on February 1, 2020 at Mar-a-Lago and aired in two parts: on the Fox Super Bowl pregame show on February 2, 2020 and on Fox News on February 3, 2020. The transcript was provided by Fox News and confirmed against the video by Factba.se.]

Note: [The following is the first part, as aired on February 2, 2020.]

Sean Hannity: Mr. President Happy Super Bowl Day.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: Obvious question, impeachment, third time in history, acquittal pretty much now a formality. Been through a lot. Your reaction Tt all of it?

Donald Trump: Well, it's been very unfair. From the day I won. And I really say from far before the day I won. From the day I came down the escalator with our future First Lady who's doing such a good job. To be honest with you, I think it's, it's probably, it probably started from there. It's been a very, very unfair process, Um the Mueller Report, Russia, Russia, Russia.

Donald Trump: As you say, which was total nonsense. It was all nonsense. The whole thing was nonsense. But it was a very unfair and mostly it was unfair to my family. I mean my family suffered because of all of this, and many other families suffered also. It was a very, very. It's a very serious thing. It should never happen to another president.

Sean Hannity: 275 days from now, I guess the ultimate Jury -- the American people -- go to the polls. My question is, is this a campaign issue for you? Do you let it go? Do you see a path that you could work with Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, and the Democrats?

Donald Trump: Well I'd like to, but it's pretty hard when you think about it because it's been such um I use the word witch hunt - I use the word hoax. I see the hatred. I see the level -- they don't care about fairness, they don't care about lying. You look at the lies, you look at the reports that were done that were so false.

Donald Trump: The, um, the level of hypocrisy. So I'm not sure that they can do it, to be honest. I think they just want to win and it doesn't matter how they win. In the meantime, I really believe this administration, me and this administration, we've done more than any administration in the history of our country. We've rebuilt our military.

Donald Trump: We've cut taxes at the highest amount ever in the history of our country. I mean you see what's going on. There's a revolution going on in this country. I mean a positive revolution. So African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American. We have the best numbers we've ever had. African-American, the poverty numbers are now reversed.

Donald Trump: And they're the best that they've ever had. So I don't know how anybody could possibly beat me with that vote. So we'll see how it does.

Sean Hannity: There were four separate investigations, Trump-Russia collusion, culminating in the Mueller Report. Now it's Ukraine. Does this hurt you? Does any part of this hurt you? What has hurt you the most about it all?

Donald Trump: So Sean, I think that with the economy being the best probably it's ever been in the history of our country. I mean it is the best it's ever been. The unemployment numbers are the best. I should be up by 25 points. What they've done is they've really -- all the media. I call it the fake news, and it is fake news, so much of it. And a lot of the fakeness is they don't want to report the good stuff.

Donald Trump: They don't want to report that the economy is good.

Sean Hannity: Will any of this, because now as I said, it's pretty much a fait accompli. looks like Wednesday at 4 p.m. it will be an acquittal. Um, you then move on from there, the State of the Union, we have Iowa Caucuses Monday, State of the Union Tuesday. This happens on Wednesday. Any thought on to delay the State of the Union?

Donald Trump: No, I'm gonna have it. It's going to be done. We're gonna talk about the achievements that we've made. Nobody has made achievements like we've made, so many different things, I'm so proud of what we've done for our vets with choice, we got them choice, we got them accountability, where we can take care of our vets.

Donald Trump: Where we can get rid of people who aren't taking care of our vets.

Sean Hannity: I've known you for a couple of decades. It's gonna be hard for you. This is called our lightning round, here um. I'm just going to throw out a name, whatever comes to your mind.

Donald Trump: Ok

Sean Hannity: We'll start with Joe Biden

Donald Trump: I just think of sleepy. I just watch him. He's sleepy. Sleepy Joe.

Sean Hannity: Hunter, Hunter Biden

Donald Trump: Where's Hunter? Where is he? He made millions of dollars. He went from having no job, no income, he had nothing. As you know he had a very sad experience in the military. He has nothing, to making millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars a year. Not just from Ukraine, from China and from other countries.

Donald Trump: How can you do this? This is crooked as hell. What they did is very dishonest.

Sean Hannity: Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: Well, I think he's a communist. I mean you know, look. I think of communism when I think of Bernie. Now you could say socialist, but didn't he get married in Moscow? And that's wonderful, Moscow is wonderful.

Sean Hannity: Might have been his honeymoon, I'm not sure.

Donald Trump: You don't think necessarily, well, whatever. But you don't necessarily think in terms of marriage, Moscow. And it's wonderful. I'm not knocking it, but I think of Bernie sort of as a socialist but far beyond a socialist.

Sean Hannity: Elizabeth Warren.

Donald Trump: At least he's true to what he believes, that's one thing because you mention now, Elizabeth Warren. She's not true to it. I call her fairy tale because everything is a fairy tale. That's how Pocahontas got started. Everything is a fairy tale. This woman can't tell the truth.

Sean Hannity: Michael Bloomberg.

Donald Trump: Uh, very little. I just think of little. You know, now he wants a box for the debates to stand on. Okay, it's okay, there's nothing wrong. You can be short. Why should he get a box to stand on, okay? He wants a box for the debates. Why should he be entitled to that? Really. Does that mean everyone else gets a box?

Sean Hannity: I guess if they want one, they'll have to negotiate boxes.

Donald Trump: The other thing that's very interesting, Cory Booker and all these people couldn't get any of the things that Bloomberg is getting now. I think it's very unfair for the Democrats, but I would love to run against Bloomberg. I would love it.

Sean Hannity: Hillary.

Donald Trump: I think of emails, I think the email scandal, how she got away with that is a disgrace. I think it's a disgrace.

Sean Hannity: Pelosi.

Donald Trump: Uh, I think she's a very confused, very nervous woman. I don't think she wanted to do this, I think she really knew what was going to happen and it's her worst nightmare has happened. I don't think she's going to be there too long, either. I think that the radical left -- and she's sort of radical left, too, by the way -- but I think the radical left is going to take over.

Sean Hannity: You've got the Democrats, they're vying to go up against you in 275 days. Is it one candidate running more than another that you'd like to take on?

Donald Trump: I have to sit back and watch...

Sean Hannity: Doesn't matter to you?

Donald Trump: I mean I'm watching and I have little nicknames for all of them.

Sean Hannity: I'm sure they love your nicknames

Donald Trump: But they're accurate. I mean they're very accurate. You look at Sleepy Joe. What's going on with him? He's having a hard time. You look at Bernie. I call him crazy Bernie. They're now sort of rigging the election against him again. I see what's going on. They're rigging it against him.

Sean Hannity: Coronavirus. Disney's closed. Movie theaters are closed. Hospitals are being built. I think we're now up to our eighth case in the United States. Um, how concerned are you?

Donald Trump: Well, we pretty much shut it down coming in from China. We have a tremendous relationship with China, which is a very positive thing. Getting along with China, getting along with Russia, getting along with these countries...

Sean Hannity: Have you offered the Chinese President help with the Coronavirus?

Donald Trump: Oh yeah, no we're offering them tremendous help. We have the best in the world for that. We've done a tremendous job in many other instances also on that even recently. No, no, we've offered China help, but we can't have thousands of people coming in who may have this problem, the Coronavirus. So we're gonna see what happens, but we did shut it down, yes.

Sean Hannity: I love sports. I think sports mirror life, you know...

Donald Trump: It's true

Sean Hannity: You gotta learn to win, sometimes you don't always win. I know you're not sick of winning, is my guess, but also the harder you work, the better you do, that's very Americana. Um what do you love about sports?

Donald Trump: Well, it is. It's sort of a little bit of a microcosm of life. Ya know you have winners, you have champions, you have people that you expect to see that final play. You have great coaches like Belichick. You have people that you expect more out of, and often times they produce, but then you have people that you just don't expect they're gonna do it and often times they don't. It's a microcosm of life.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, thank you for the time.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: Thank you for doing this, appreciate it.

Note: [The following is the second part, as aired on February 3, 2020.]

Sean Hannity: If they were to win, based on maybe the new Green Deal, Medicare for all, what --

Donald Trump: So --

Sean Hannity: What would you see America becoming?

Donald Trump: They're going to give away things that are impossible.

Sean Hannity: Well, no oil and gas.

Donald Trump: They're going to -- They're going to stop energy production. That wipes out Texas and many other states. They're going to get rid of your Second Amendment. But here's the one thing: I've always heard cut taxes, cut taxes. Great, they cut taxes. They want to double and triple your taxes. They want to quadruple your taxes.

Donald Trump: They want to take everything away from you. If they get in, it all collapses, and -- and you know what's going to happen? People's wealth, whether it's big or modest or whatever it is, you'll end up in a recession depression like we've never seen before. People's wealth will be destroyed.

Note: [Break In Interview]

Sean Hannity: You saw Don Lemon this past week, and the laughing, basically at Trump supporters. Um, smelly Trump Wal-Mart shoppers. Irredeemable deplorables. Americans -- this is a comment Obama made: bitter Americans that cling to their -- their God, their bibles and religion. Seems like there's a contempt for people that don't share their world view.

Donald Trump: Okay, so I watch this guy. He's terrible. You know --

Sean Hannity: Don Lemon.

Donald Trump: He's not a smart person, at all. But I watch that phony laugh. That wasn't a laugh. He was -- he was trying to act -- puts his head down, hh he's laughing so hard. There's nothing funny about what was said.