Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sinclair-media-group-eric-bolling-july-1-2020

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, thank you for spending some time with our -- our big Sinclair audience. Appreciate that. I'm sure they do as well. You know, when you do us an interview with the President, everyone calls you and says, ask him this, ask him that.

Donald Trump: Right.

Eric Bolling: I took them all down. I threw them all out because I wanted to do something a little different with you. I hope that's OK. Um, a couple years ago, my son passed away, in the middle of the night. Opioid overdose, accidental, at University of Colorado.

Donald Trump: Right.

Eric Bolling: The next morning, I get a phone call from the President of the United States. That was you, sir. You said, "Anything I can do?", I said "Not now." Um, a couple of weeks later, it was Thanksgiving. The, you know, proverbial empty chair. On the way to the chair, you called again and said, "Are you and Adrienne OK?", I said, "Wow, that's amazing." You have a heart.

Eric Bolling: I don't think people see the heart that Donald Trump has. Um, hope I'm not ruining your street cred. But when you watch all the TV news, when you watch what's going on with the rioting and then the -- the coronavirus death tolls, and then they point these -- these anchors point the finger at you. How does that make Donald Trump, the person feel?

Donald Trump: So, I don't like it, but I've gotten used to it, and I fight it. All I can do is fight it on social media because the media -- and Sinclair is terrific, I have to say -- but the media is largely fake. A percentage of it, a big percentage, a horrible percentage, if you think about it, it's fake news. And I don't say that as a joke.

Donald Trump: I say that -- it's actually beyond fake. It's fake and it's corrupt. They make up stories, they make up sources. They don't have so -- anytime you say anonymous source, and a source that wants to remain secret, all this -- it doesn't exist in many cases. Not in all cases, but in many cases, uh, they say they got it on the grounds of this or that.

Donald Trump: They make up stories, almost like a fiction writer. The media is incredibly dishonest. I saw Biden interviewed yesterday. He did his first press conference, and I guess almost 90 days, and he was reading the answers off the teleprompter. This was for question and answer, and they'd ask him these softball questions, "How much do you dislike Trump? How much?". I mean, really, questions that were terrible, and were -- should not have even -- I mean, it's embarrassing, and he's reading answers off a teleprompter. I say I've never seen that before.

Eric Bolling: Someone had questioned his mental acuity and his response again, with that, he had those questions in advance, but his response was, I can't wait, these are his words, "I can't wait to debate Donald Trump." What do you say?

Donald Trump: Well, his response, actually, was I get tested all the time but he was talking about COVID.

Eric Bolling: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He was not talking about his acuity test. You know it's called cognitive and he didn't get the word. But he was really referring to something else because somebody was screaming. And one of the few questions that sounded real was that question. He said, "I -- I get tested all the time." But he was talking -- I assume he was talking about the COVID not -- not cognitive and now he's mixed up. Look, uh, I look forward to the campaign.

Donald Trump: It's really just starting for us. We've done an incredible job. We've built the greatest economy in the history of the world, not only here. And we had to turn it off because of what came in from China, because of the plague. They came in from China right after we signed the trade deal. The ink wasn't dry and it came in from China.

Donald Trump: I'm not happy about it but we turned it off and now we're building it back and we have record job numbers last month. We get job numbers again soon, but we had record job numbers. We had record retail sales numbers.

Donald Trump: We're going to build it back fast. I think you know it maybe better than anybody cause you know me better than most.

Eric Bolling: I do. I was there in 2016. When I saw the polls doing kind of what they're doing right now, sir. We're early, you know, in the last year.

Donald Trump: Oh, much worse.

Eric Bolling: Oh, they -- they weren't -- they didn't look good. They had Hillary Clinton [Inaudible] you.

Donald Trump: They weren't looking too good, I guess.

Eric Bolling: Fairly and soundly. And I keep going into the internals on those polls. And this is something no one does, no one that certainly no one does on television, but I was doing it in 2016. I even spoke to you about it. I said, if you look into the internals, these people are polling wildly skewed towards Democrats.

Eric Bolling: So if you ask more Democrats, who's going to win, of course, you're going to look back. I think the same thing is happening, but these media outlets are the polling sources. Is there a fair poll out there?

Donald Trump: Uh, there are, and we have some really good ones and we've gotten some really good polls, but I had the same thing in 16. I got numbers. I was 14, 15 points down in some polls in front of the last election and then I won. Now, I think we did come up a lot of the last week, but we didn't come up numbers like that.

Donald Trump: We won. It's the fake polls, I call them fake polls, they're suppression polls. They're meant to dampen the enthusiasm of your voters, of your people. Cause we have tremendous enthusiasm. You know, we're up 30 points in enthusiasm, t's a very important word, enthusiasm, over Biden. Take a look at boating. There's thousands of boats all over the place. Trump, Trump, we love Trump. Uh, motorcycles, you look at, uh, you look at all of the motorcycles. They're all over the highways with the flags.

Eric Bolling: Bikers for Trump.

Donald Trump: We have a group Bikers for Trump. They're incredible people and they're all over the place. They have many groups actually, but one of them is Bikers for Trump, thousands and thousands of people. Construction workers, police, the police are with us. The military is with us and we built the military.

Eric Bolling: [Inaudible] A lot of people ask me, what is -- what is Trump going to do in a second term regarding the civil unrest that's going on right now? Defund the police. Tell us the difference between Donald Trump, uh, second term and Joe Biden first term, when it comes to the police.

Donald Trump: Well, he wants to defund and abolish police because that's what he's being told to do. He's not making his own decisions. The radical left is doing, I mean, they're telling them what to do. He wants to defund and abolish the police and you see it, what they're doing in Minnesota. Take a look at what they're doing in Minneapolis.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what's going on. Now, if we didn't -- if I wasn't here, Minnesota would have been a disaster because I was -- I was very strong. You got to get the guard out. You got to get -- When they finally got the guard out, everything ended.

Eric Bolling: What happens, um, you know, you're pushing for federal, um, sentencing penalties for taking down statues to be increased and to be very tough on them. What happens when a governor or a mayor says, we're ignoring the federal statutes, we're gonna let you pull down those statues.

Donald Trump: It's not only that we're pushing, we already have it. I took out an old act, the statues and monuments. And we're going to have thousands of people in Washington last week. And nobody showed up because they get a 10-year jail term now. They pushed down a statue. They -- they even touch anything. It's a very tough act.

Donald Trump: You couldn't get a thing like that approved today. I took it out and we used it and you see the difference. You haven't seen any rights. You haven't seen people doing things lately. And the reason is 10 years in prison. If they knocked down a statue, now it started with Confederate soldiers, and then they started hitting George Washington, Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: And they started hitting Thomas Jefferson. And you know, I'm going to a very special place this weekend, as you know, very beautiful monuments called Mount Rushmore, and somebody said they want to see that come down, that's never coming down. And we're going to, uh, run it the way I've been running it. Very tough.

Donald Trump: Now, we had to see what was going on for a period of a week, week and a half. Once we saw what was going on, I did this act last week, a week ago, a little more than a week ago. And it's been very powerful because people don't want to go to prison for 10 years for knocking down a statue. And most of these people they're anarchist or they're agitators, most of them don't even know what they're knocking down. You know, whether it's Andrew Jackson, they were doing Andrew Jackson the week ago. Almost got it down but I had people go in that were very strong and they went and did a good job. The ropes were up, everything was ready, we got just in time. Andrew Jackson was a great general and a good president, very good president and probably two term and we did a good job. If I weren't here, this all of Washington would have been knocked down. That's what would have happened. You would have had Washington knocked down with somebody like a Biden where there's no law, there's no order. Everything would have been knocked down, but I'm here.

Eric Bolling: Yeah. Mr. President, uh, before I let you go, the -- the -- everything seems to be political now. We've -- we talked about masks, if you can see this --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Eric Bolling: -- really nice Trump --

Donald Trump: Good. I like that.

Eric Bolling: It's really nice Trump mask. Will you consider wearing a mask? And if not, how come?

Donald Trump: Well, I've already had masks and I want a mask. And if I'm near people, you know, you were tested, right? Just now. And everybody that's around me as president gets tested, that's like standard. Uh, and I'm also -- I keep distances. I'm, you know, supposed to keep a distance and I keep distances. But if I needed a mask, if I was in a crowd of, you know, crowd, a lot of people and everything else, I'd wear -- I have no problem with a mask at all.

Donald Trump: And I tell people, but I have a different kind of a life. Being president, you have a little bit of a different life. You're not that often -- I don't think it makes sense when you walk up -- I see Biden walking up on a stage where there's nobody around and the audience is 25, 30, 40 feet away. Not too much of an audience either, by the way.

Donald Trump: And he speaks and he has a mask on and you can't even understand what he's saying or he takes it off up there. When there's nobody around I don't see any reason to be wearing it. But no, I have no objection to masks whatsoever. Do what you're supposed to do and also do what makes you feel good.

Eric Bolling: All right, there you go. There's some breaking news right there. I appreciate that. Um, Mr. President, I will let you go. It's hot. And you -- you -- you're a busy man. Um, one final thought. Um, the -- they -- John Hannity asked you about your second term and the left was upset with it. They said, he -- he wasn't sure what, what his second term is all about.

Eric Bolling: Let's do it. Let's do a retake on that. What is Donald Trump's second term? What's the main focus for that?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't hear anybody who was upset with it, but I will tell you, it's very simple. We're going to make America great again. We are doing things that nobody could have done. We've rebuilt the military. We have ways to go. We've done things for the vets like nobody's ever seen. We can do even more. We did choice.

Donald Trump: As you know, we did accountability. What we've done nobody's been able to do, but we have more to do, economic development jobs, trade deals. The trade deals I've made are incredible. We made the great deal with China, of course, as I said, the ink wasn't dry before we got hit with the China plague. Uh, but we made the deal.

Donald Trump: In fact, today is the -- really the first -- the first day, the first official day, the USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada. This was NAFTA, one of the worst deals ever made. One of the worst trade deals. We suffered with that deal for many, many years, and nobody could terminate it. I terminated it, gave you a new deal. I made a new deal with South Korea. We have many great trade deals. Our country will be so strong at the end of our first term. It's going to be great. It would have been phenomenal. We got hit with the plague. At the end of the second term, it's going to be at a level that nobody will have ever seen a country. We're doing it, whether it's trade, whether it's military, all made in the USA. So important. Made in the USA. One thing very important. We've got to bring back our manufacturing, and I brought it back very big, but we have to make our own, uh, pharmaceutical products, our own drugs, prescription drugs. We have to make our own things. We're doing it now with steel. We're doing it now with a lot of different products. I've done that but we can do it with a lot more. We want to build our own ships. We don't want to send out to other countries to build ships. So we have a lot of things we can do. We've done a lot, but we have a lot of things we can do.

Eric Bolling: Oh, it's good to remind the American public what you've done in the first three-and-a-half years and -- and continue.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, they say, everybody says it, and nobody even disputes it. In the history of our country, nobody has done more than I have in the first three-and-a-half years. And it's been really positive stuff. And we did get artificially hit by this horrible thing that came in from China. But that's now you see what's going on. The stock market is getting close to a record.

Donald Trump: We have some great things. People with 401(k)s are getting to be very, very happy, very, very happy. Uh, I think we're going to do a fantastic job.

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Eric Bolling: Have fun at Mount Rushmore.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I'll have a good time. I love Mount Rushmore. That'd be great. Thank you very much.

Eric Bolling: Good to see you again.