Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-raymond-arroyo-ewtn-world-over-june-22-2020

Raymond Arroyo: Mr. President, this week we saw Columbus go down, Roosevelt is now going down, St. Junipero Serra, who built all the missions along California. What can you and the federal government do about this?

Donald Trump: By the way, Gandhi, OK. You saw Ulysses S. Grant, where they want to take him down. He's the one that stopped --

Raymond Arroyo: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- the ones that everybody disliked so much. You know, uh, it's a disgrace. Also, remember, some of this is great artwork. This is magnificent artwork. As good as there is anywhere in the world. As good as you see in France, as good as you see anywhere, it's a disgrace. Most of these people don't even know what they're taking down.

Raymond Arroyo: Is there anything you can do? Will you add it to the National Museum?

Donald Trump: We're going to do something very soon. We're going to do an executive order and we're going to make the cities guard their monuments. This is a disgrace. Now, for the most part, they're not federal, oh, it was up to them. They were already talking about Thomas Jefferson, the great Jefferson Memorial.

Raymond Arroyo: Washington.

Donald Trump: They're talking about --

Raymond Arroyo: Lincoln.

Donald Trump: -- Washington. Lincoln, I haven't heard, but they're probably talking about that too.

Raymond Arroyo: I need to talk for a moment about DACA. That big DACA ruling came down. The bishops of the United States hailed that ruling. There are 700,000 dreamers out there. What do you mean to do with them?

Donald Trump: So what we want to do is win the case and then work it out because we'll be able to work it out. They're not going to have anything to worry about, but you know, we actually, we didn't lose that case. That case was -- the statement was made, refile it, or do whatever you want in a different forum. Didn't like -- John Roberts didn't like the form. So we're going to give it to him in a different form. It was a similar rule to the census, which frankly, I wanted to do it a different way. I should have done the way I originally wanted. I wanted to go back in --

Raymond Arroyo: All right.

Donald Trump: -- but they just went with it. But this is a very important thing. And it actually gives the president more power. I should be happy, but I don't want that power.

Raymond Arroyo: We are seeing unprecedented violence across the country, Mr. President. In this CHOP, this territory in Seattle, you've been watching this on the news.

Donald Trump: I am.

Raymond Arroyo: Is there anything you, from this office, can do to restore order and safety?

Donald Trump: Right. Raymond, what I want, I want people to watch just for a little while. It's all Democrats, usually, liberal Democrats. Take a look, whether it's Chicago, it's Democrat, Seattle, it's Democrat. The state of Washington, it's Democrat, Portland, it's Democrat. All of these places are run by Democrats. 20 out of 20 are Democrat-run. They don't know what they're doing. And if Biden got in, this country would be a disaster because you know, you don't report on 98% of the places. Take a look at the way we're running things. We're running them good. And if I weren't president, they would have over -- and you talk about the statutes, we wouldn't have any statues standing right now because I did things that you don't know about to save a lot of them. Now they ripped one down the other night, right in front of the police headquarters. We have a liberal Democrat mayor and she should not allow, have allowed that to happen.

Raymond Arroyo: I need to get to something I've been hearing a lot of in Evangelical and Catholic circles. They're saying, Joe Biden says, he's opposed to the death penalty. And in these Catholic and Evangelical circles, they say he supports efforts to end climate change. Therefore he's pro-life and you're not. What would your response be?

Donald Trump: So, first of all, Joe Biden, I am totally in favor of the death penalty for heinous crimes, OK. That's, uh, that's the way it is, all right? Uh, I'm pro-life he's not. And the Democrats, whose -- whose -- look who he's putting on the court, they want to put people on the court. You have no chance. So I'm pro-life the Democrats aren't, nobody can say that Biden isn't -- look at -- look at his stance over the years. But you know, and I know Biden is not going to be running things. It's going to be run by other people. Biden's shot. It's one of those things. I hate to say it, but Biden is shot. But the Democrats are not -- it's not just him, it's a party, it's a platform. Take a look at the platform. Look at the governor of Virginia. Look at what he did. He did an execution after, you know, normally talk about late-term. His wasn't late-term, this was -- the baby was born and then you can execute the baby. That's the Democrats and that's Biden.

Raymond Arroyo: Talk to me for a moment. John Bolton's making a lot of headlines this morning about claiming that you spoke with Presidency Xi and were willing to pleaded with him to help in your reelection and that you approved these concentration camps in China.

Donald Trump: Yeah. First of all --

Raymond Arroyo: Speak to that.

Donald Trump: I don't plead with anybody and he knows that he's a lying guy. He was a washed-up guy. I gave him a chance. He couldn't get confirmed by the Senate. I gave him a nonconformity, an area where you don't have to go through the Senate. And then he goes out and writes a book. Uh, he, the book is, is a total lie, but more importantly or mostly a lie, more importantly, what he did is illegal. It's classified information. And I think number one, we're going to get back for the government, the money, any money that he made. And number two, I think he's got very major problems. He violated the law. Let's see what happened. You watch.

Raymond Arroyo: Well, and Mulvaney came up and said this was fiction.

Donald Trump: Mick Mulvaney was great and Mnuchin was great. And if you look at, uh, our great secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, he was great. Everybody was in the room and nobody heard what Bolton heard. And why would I do that? China has never met a person in this office. That's treated them the way I do. Never. We've taken in tens of billions of dollars from China. They've never had a situation like this. Before the pandemic, which probably was sent by them, whether it was accidental or on purpose, we'll figure that out. But before this horror show that all these 188 countries are going through, China was having the worst year in 67 years.

Raymond Arroyo: Right.

Donald Trump: That's me. That's because of me. Because with any of these people, if you take a look, what happened with Biden and Obama, China ripped this country, like it's never been ripped before and that'll go back. If Biden won, China would own the United States, they would literally own the United States. You know it. And so do I.

Raymond Arroyo: Let's talk for a moment about these mail-in ballots. There are calls across the country. I read where Michigan has already sent in mail-in-ballot requests to older voters. What can you do about this? You -- you believe this will promote or encourage fraud?

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be the greatest fraud ever. I think it's going to be, uh, a rigged election if they do that, if they're allowed to do it. We went through World War I and World War II, people went out and voted. And now they're saying the pademic -- pandemic, they're using that as an excuse. The news is building it up like crazy. Mail-in ballots, you're going to have foreign countries, you talk about foreign countries, they're going to be printing their own ballots. It will be a rigged election if they do that. Now, we're suing on many different states.

Raymond Arroyo: Right.

Donald Trump: And we're having great luck, we're winning some of these suits. Uh, we're going to see what happens. If we go to mail-in ballots, they're going to take them out of the mailboxes. They're going to take them from postmen. They're going to print them fraudulently and foreign countries are going to print them. California has just announced. They're sending out millions and millions of ballots. Where are they going, Raymond? Where are these ballots going? Who are they going to? And then maybe they don't send to a Republican neighborhood. You take a look, we had seven races in California at the end, house races. Everybody was close. And then in the end we lost, they dumped a whole pile of ballots on tables, but we won the big one. We won the one just recently.

Raymond Arroyo: All right.

Donald Trump: And, uh, first time in 22 years, I think really good things are happening. People are seeing what's happening, but mail-in ballots will lead to the greatest rigged election and the greatest fraud in the history of our country, potentially.

Raymond Arroyo: We have to talk about police reform. This is at the top of every headline. It's bound up in the protests we've been seeing. Do you support it, and it's spreading around Capitol Hill, the idea of ending qualified immunity for cops.

Donald Trump: No look, we're going to have to let our police -- Number one, we need great people. We have great people. You'll see one person, but you won't see thousands of people that do a great job. Police, law enforcement. We have the greatest law enforcement in the world. We have to protect them. If you do anything with immunity, nobody's going to be able to do their job. So, no, I don't support it at all.

Raymond Arroyo: After all we've seen, the tumult of the last few weeks, how do you bring this country together? And how do you get black Americans to listen to new? They were leaning in and listening to what Donald Trump was saying and doing. How do you get them to give you a second look?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a shame that I have to even ask that because I did criminal justice reform. I did opportunities zones. I funded the black colleges as you know --

Raymond Arroyo: First president to do that.

Donald Trump: -- the universities, I funded it and they have long-term financing. Nobody else did it. Obama didn't do it. Nobody did it. I did more for -- I say it and I say it openly, I did more for our black population than anybody other than Abraham Lincoln, OK? And nobody's even close. What I did on criminal justice reform. They've been trying to get it for years and nobody did it. Obama didn't do it, I did it. And it's a shame you have to say that because to be honest with you, Raymond, they should say, we love Trump. And I think a lot do, I think a lot of African-American, great people in this country, they appreciate what I've done. We'll soon find out.

Raymond Arroyo: What is your opinion and how do you deal with these states that are refusing to open up Mr. President? Is there anything you can do? Refuse them funding, withhold funding, unless they open up.

Donald Trump: A lot of it is a thing for November 3rd because the longer they hold out, they think it hurts the economy and it hurts the economy that's good for them, but our economy, we just had record job numbers two weeks ago. We had record retail sales numbers last week. I think we're going to do very well, we're doing very well.

Raymond Arroyo: Archbishop Vigano wrote you a letter that you tweeted out. He was the former Nuncio Vatican representative here in Washington. In it, he said, what you're facing is a battle of the children of the light versus the children of darkness. He said these protests were infernal deceptions. How did you react to that letter? He asked people to pray for you. And is that an accurate read of where we are?

Donald Trump: I -- I think it is. And I think he is a great gentleman and I really -- it was a tremendous letter of support from the Catholic church. Uh, he's highly respected as you know. It was beautiful. It was really three pages long and it was a beautiful letter and I appreciated it. Yeah. But he's right in what he says.

Raymond Arroyo: Final question. How do you want to be remembered by the next generation and how do you get there?

Donald Trump: So I was there three months ago. We had the greatest economy ever. The greatest job numbers, great -- for everybody, for women, for African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-Americans, people without high-school diploma, there's so many categories, every single category. And then we got hit with the plague from China, and now I'm doing it again. And next year we're going to have a phenomenal economic year, one of the best. Joe Biden and the Democrats want to prosecute Americans for going to church, but not for burning a church. Believe you can riot, vandalize, and destroy, but you cannot attend a peaceful pro-America rally.

Raymond Arroyo: They're nipping at you over attendance at this Tulsa rally. What really happened there in your opinion?

Donald Trump: Well, there were many things. First of all, there was a curfew that was enforced the first night where many people had to leave.

Raymond Arroyo: Right. And it was, you know, enforced by the mayor where many people the first night, meaning a couple of nights out, they had to leave. They'd been waiting there and then all of a sudden they're forced out, but there were many things that happened, including protesters, including Black Lives Matter, including, uh, probably Antifa, we'll find out, because they're looking at it now, they had protestors. And also for two weeks, we have been hammered that if you walk into that arena, you're going to be in big trouble, big, big, big trouble. And you know, we had a good crowd.

Raymond Arroyo: Oh yeah, no, you did.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you right now, if you look at that, that was a lot of people. It was a 22,000 seat place. And if you have, I mean, we had a lot of people in there and what they don't say is online was phenomenal numbers.

Raymond Arroyo: Right. And the broadcast network's huge.

Donald Trump: I heard the television network did fantastic.

Raymond Arroyo: I don't know any politician or a standup comedian who holds forth for two hours with the energy and verve that you brought, including the leather shoe which was classic.

Donald Trump: The leather shoes, that's right, I have them again. They're leather shoes, but they're not meant for an ice-skating rink.

Raymond Arroyo: No. Don't do that. Don't do that.

Donald Trump: No. I won't do that.

Raymond Arroyo: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Have a good time. Thank you very much.

Raymond Arroyo: Thank you.