Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-andi-guevara-ktvn-reno-september-14-2020

Andi Guevara: Mr. President, thank you for taking the time. Great turnout.

Donald Trump: Great turnout. Great people. It's a great state and I think we're gonna do very well here. I love this state.

Andi Guevara: -- state, as you know, hit very hard by this pandemic shutdown. This state, as you know, was hit very hard by the pandemic shutdown. What kind of -- --

Donald Trump: I know, because I'm here. I understand. And the governor has to open the state. He's making a tremendous mistake. Other states are opening. They, they've, they've opened a long time, and they're doing very well. The governor has to open the state because he's hurting the people. And when you look at what happens with drug abuse and all of the problems, he's gotta open up the state.

Andi Guevara: With, with our governor, we know there have been many disagreements. What kind of assurances will all Nevadans get and our state will be given a fair share of recovery when you don't see eye-to-eye with the governor.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a state I love. I'm here. You know that I'm here. I have a big presence here, uh, you know, outside of what I've done as president. I love the state. We're gonna take care of this state. The big problem is the governor has to open it up. If you look at other states, they're doing so well. He's gotta open up Nevada, gotta get it going because what he's doing is hurting people.

Donald Trump: They're losing their jobs. So many bad things are happening, and other places that are opening are setting records, literally. You gotta get going.

Andi Guevara: [Inaudible] is up to 100% as opposed to 50% of, uh, of, of capacity --

Donald Trump: I think what's gonna happen, I think you're gonna have a tremendous success. I think we're gonna have a great 3rd quarter, and now you have to open the state. But we're gonna have a great 3rd quarter. And next year... You had the best year you've ever had last year. Next year's going to even be better for our country.

Andi Guevara: 2021. Sir, when it comes to the mail-in voting, we know that you've asked the judge to kill --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Andi Guevara: -- the law. What happens if the judge de -- declines that?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll have to see what the judge says. But you have a governor that just to have a rally made it very tough. So if he's in charge of millions of ballots, you're gonna a problem with this state. We're gonna win this state easily, but when they send out millions of ballots to people that they don't even know who they're sending them to, or maybe they do know, and maybe that's even worse, you're gonna have a big problem with the state.

Donald Trump: And we don't want a rigged election. But that's what you're gonna have. You have a highly political governor who made it very tough. Look at the people we had, what? 25,000 people here tonight. Look at this. He wanted to stop this rally. He couldn't stop it. He couldn't, but he tried. Well, he's gonna try and do something with the votes.

Donald Trump: That's just common sense. And it's terrible. It's a terrible thing. People wanna go to the poll or they wanna do a solicited ballot where they request a ballot, and they make a request, and they sign something, and it comes back, and they do it that way. But sending out millions of unsolicited ballots are, it's unacceptable.

Donald Trump: He doesn't even wanna have a guaranteed signature on. In other words, he doesn't even wanna have a notarized or otherwise guaranteed signature. What kind of a vote is that? It's a very serious problem. And he's the leader in the whole country of doing it deceptively and dangerously. And it's a danger for our democracy.

Andi Guevara: Any, uh, word of what the next step will be for the Trump campaign if it remains as-is? If the mail-in remains --

Donald Trump: Well, I think the next step is for the court to rule. And hopefully the court has great common sense, because this is just common sense. You have the highly partisan political hack. He's just a political hack. And he's in charge of millions of votes. I mean, it's common sense. And to have a political machine here, that's a very strong... I know the state very well.

Donald Trump: As you know, I happen to have some very nice things in this state, and I love this state. But I know it very well. So you have a political hack who's in charge of millions of ballots. That never works.

Andi Guevara: Last question, sir. You mentioned that we might see a vaccine sooner than expected.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I think we're gonna see a vaccine very soon. We have great companies that are very far advanced, years ahead of where they would have been with a different president. And you're gonna have a vaccine very soon, by the end of the year, but I think maybe much sooner than that.

Andi Guevara: I don't know if we have time --

Donald Trump: Great job.

Andi Guevara: Thank you. One more question. What would you like people that you feel misunderstand you to know about you?

Donald Trump: I love people. I wanna help people, and that's what we've done. And we created the greatest economy in the history of the world, not just our country, of the world. And then we got hit with the China plague, and we did the right thing. We saved millions of lives and we closed it up. But we got hit, and now we're opening it up and we're doing records.

Donald Trump: We're setting records. But I wanna see this state open.

Andi Guevara: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you.