Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-november-3-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends. It was cross-checked and confirmed for accuracy. Text and video courtesy of Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends]

Brian Kilmeade: Let's now bring in the president of the United States. He joins us this morning live from the White House after 14 events in 72 hours. Fishing up in Grand Rapids, Michigan about a few -- just a few hours ago.

Steve Doocy: Fifteen minutes ago.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, welcome back and welcome to Election Day.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much and I hope Dan is going to be OK. Dan is a great guy. Dan is a great guy.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes. Yes, he's going through some very important treatment and I know he's going to pull through.

Donald Trump: He'll be tough. He's so tough. He'll beat it.

Brian Kilmeade: Absolutely. When you -- when you spar for a living in a octagon to relax, you are a tough guy. Meanwhile, let's talk about you, you finish up in Michigan, a state that you won last time by just a few thousand votes. You know, every vote matters. How do you feel today in 2020 on Election Day as opposed to 2016?

Donald Trump: Well, we feel very good. We have crowds that nobody's ever had before, it's insane and I think you can agree. It's -- it's been incredible. The crowds have been incredible.

Brian Kilmeade: It's huge.

Donald Trump: And, you know, nobody's ever had it before. And so, I think that translates into a lot of votes and we're going to see very soon, but we're getting good response. You know, we're getting a very early response to see and I think we're doing incredible in Florida, I think we're doing -- and -- and you were just talking about the vote, the African-American vote, et cetera, I think we're doing really well with African-American vote.

Donald Trump: I think we're doing very, very well with the Hispanic vote and it's been, you know, it's been an -- it's been a great -- it's been a great run, but it's been a great three weeks. Incredible three weeks.

Steve Doocy: Well --

Donald Trump: I think since the debate, you know, the second debate was very good and I was also interviewed by Savannah Guthrie and that was, I think, a very good -- I mean, I wouldn't say she was exactly nice to me, but a lot of people watched it, a lot of people. That was a special, or I guess they would call it a town hall.

Donald Trump: It didn't feel like a town to me. But, it was very good debate, or interview, I guess, people say.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: But the -- the debate, the second debate in particular I think was something that worked out very well and then we did the -- you know, we got back -- we're lucky we got it back, because for a period of time we did nothing, we were going to get these big rallies back and we got them back and they were amazing.

Donald Trump: I mean, they were amazing. And you add it all together and I think we really -- we really took off.

Steve Doocy: Well Mr. President, it is great to have you on the show. I'm sure you only got about 15 minutes worth of sleep last night, so thanks for calling in. Right now, what you and your team --

Donald Trump: Well, you know, this has been a very special show for me. I've liked it from -- from day one. We've had a great relationship and you have a great show. So, it's my honor.

Steve Doocy: Well, thank you very much. And -- and we are honored because you selected our show to be the first TV interview you did as president, so it's great that you would join us today as well. You know, I know that the Trump team has worked the last four years in the RNC to build a -- a network of people who you registered and who could get out the vote, especially for today.

Steve Doocy: And so, it all comes down to that. But, for the person who is undecided on this Election Day morning and let's say they're trying to decide between you and Joe Biden, but they've had a rough year, you know, the pandemic has been tough on everybody. Maybe somebody in their family has lost a job, maybe they're worried about their healthcare.

Steve Doocy: What do you say to that person to say, go -- give me another four years, let's not switch horses right now?

Donald Trump: Well it's, you know, become pretty standard. We built the greatest economy in the world, it was horribly interrupted by something that should have never happened, came in from China, the plague. The plague from China. A horrible situation and we had to shut it down and we had to learn about it. We had to shut it down and we did the right thing, we saved 2 million people, we saved a lot of people and we -- you know, the original model was 2.2 million people.

Donald Trump: And so, if you use that model and you go, well that was the main model, you used that model, we saved 2 million people and now we're building it back up again. And we had the best economy, we had the best -- nobody had ever seen anything like it. And now what happens is we build it up again and we are doing it in a record clip.

Donald Trump: You saw the 33.1 on Thursday. That's the biggest number we have ever had GDP. And we are on a shape to build this up to a level that nobody has ever seen anything like it. I really think that we're going to end up with an economy that will be better than last year. And last year was a record. Last year was the best economy we've already had -- we've had.

Donald Trump: So, we have a chance to build something that will be fantastic. Now, in addition to that, we are doing very well and I say rounding the corner. Some people don't like that phrase. But I use that phrase. We are coming out with vaccines, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. We have many companies.

Donald Trump: We have three main companies but we have many companies coming out with them. They're going to be activated very quickly, distributed and activated very quickly. And that will be that. It's going to be -- we will, you know, tame originally but ultimately get rid of the China plague. You see what's happening in Europe.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing. It's a very terrible thing. This is a horrible disease. We have learned about it. It affects the elderly. I tell the story about Barron Trump, he had it for about two seconds. Just went through him and just it's gone. And the immune system on children -- that's why you got to get the children back to work.

Donald Trump: Children back to school. You have to get the people -- they have to go to work. We have to open up our states. And that'll happen. I think now politically that will happen because you have the date --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- and politically it will happen. But we have a very interesting -- I mean today is going to be a very interesting day. It'll be a day that, you know, I had this day once before and it worked out very well. And this day is going to be something that's going to be very important and very, very special. I think.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, you've got Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, they are crisscrossing Pennsylvania. They're going back out there. I don't know if that means they're worried. I want to get your take on that. And, also, what are your plans today? Because I know you said yesterday, you said we've a lot of big surprises today.

Ainsley Earhardt: What are those surprises?

Donald Trump: So, I'm doing a big series of phone calls and to some really good people. You are the first one, by the way. But I'm doing a big series of calls. And in doing the calls, I'm going to be talking to some people literally, you know that have been very important both to me important, you know, some very important calls and some people that have been very loyal to me over the years.

Donald Trump: You know, I like those people, too, even if they reach about 15 people, that's okay with me.

Ainsley Earhardt: You mean media interviews?

Donald Trump: And -- I'm also going to probably go over to Virginia, we have a headquarters over in Virginia, just to say thank you to all of the people. And that would be probably around 10:30 or so. I noticed that Biden went out and I think he's campaigning a little because he's worried. We have seen tremendous swing changes.

Donald Trump: We've seen -- actually in the last three days this reminds me, I hope it reminds me of four years ago. Tremendous changes have taken place over the last week. Tremendous. And --

Brian Kilmeade: Like what?

Donald Trump: We think we are winning Texas very big. We think we are winning Florida very big. We think we are winning Arizona very big. I think we are going to do very well in North Carolina. I think we are going to do very well in Pennsylvania. We think we are doing very well everywhere. And it's more than thinking.

Donald Trump: You know, we're seeing trends.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: So you can tell this isn't just like taking a poll. This is based on trends. And we think we are doing very well in states, a lot of states, really. A lot of states.

Brian Kilmeade: I think the country respects somebody that was willing to work to get something and I think no one doubts your work ethic. What you've done is almost impossible. Those five events yesterday, the 14 events in 72 hours. I can't imagine anyone else doing it. And standing up and then being on for two hours in front of 25,000 people.

Brian Kilmeade: I don't think even your biggest detractor would not be in awe of that. But I was kind of shocked to see this quote from Jen O'Malley with the Biden campaign, when she was asked on a conference call about the results tonight, she said under no scenario will Donald Trump be declared a victor on election night and we think that that's really fundamental to how we want to approach tomorrow, meaning today.

Brian Kilmeade: What the -- How do you take that statement?

Donald Trump: Well, that was a weird quote. I agree with you. She was -- that was a very weird quote and I don't know what she meant, except maybe she is talking about the very strange decision made by the U.S. Supreme Court that allows extra time and a lot of other things, frankly. But allows extra time and it allows for chaos, frankly.

Donald Trump: And so maybe she's talking about that. Maybe you can blow out Pennsylvania so you don't have to go through it but --

Brian Kilmeade: In Pennsylvania, North Carolina --

Donald Trump: I can't -- I cannot imagine -- I cannot imagine what that quote meant. That was a strange quote.

Brian Kilmeade: It doesn't intimidate you?

Donald Trump: No. I think I've gotten to a point where I don't get too intimidated. I have no idea who she is. She has --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- something to do with this --

Steve Doocy: So --

Donald Trump: -- campaign, I guess. But no, it was a strange quote. It was not a smart quote either, I think.

Steve Doocy: So, Mr. President, the analysis of what they're talking about and some of the things you've said, they are suggesting that you may declare victory if the early numbers favor you. At what point will you declare victory?

Donald Trump: When there's victory -- if there's victory, I think -- I think we'll have victory. I think the polls are suppression polls, and I think we'll have victory. But only when there's victory, I mean, you know, there's no reason to play games. And I think we'll have victory, I think we're -- you know, I look at it as being a very solid chance at winning here.

Donald Trump: I don't know what the chances are. I don't know how they rate the chances but I think we have a very solid chance of winning. And I think a lot of that has to do with the tremendous ground size. I mean, a small event -- there was no small event. Every place, no matter where we went, were --

Brian Kilmeade: Minnesota.

Donald Trump: -- the largest -- your friend Tucker did something on it last night. I don't know if you got to see it but he said this. Look -- he said he was looking at the incident or whatever and he's looking at these massive crowds like he's never seen before. And in areas there were, you know, great areas, frankly, as far as I'm concerned.

Donald Trump: These are great people. These are the -- like the heart and soul of our country and so Tucker, he did a piece on it last night on this -- on these incredible crowds, these massive crowds.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: It hasn't taken place ever in history, in the history of our country what we have done in terms of crowd size and every -- you know, I do -- like I really did six yesterday because the one from the day before went till 2:00 in the morning. So then I got up and did one at 8:00, so.

Steve Doocy: No, I know.

Donald Trump: If I include the one that lasted till 2:00 in the morning, that were six of them and these aren't like speeches, these are big -- these are massive rallies. These are really big --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- where you have 30-40,000. We had a 51,000 people and they're built in -- you know, largely in airports, always open because of the corona.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: But they're built in airports because we have the room. And sometimes the airport wasn't big enough. It was crazy. And if that's an indication --

Steve Doocy: OK. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- because to me, that's like the ultimate poll, that's better than somebody that said he interviewed 213 people and then they send you a check for $1 million, right? We don't do that. But I think it's the ultimate poll and it's been -- honestly there's -- it's been so much fun for me. There's so much love in those rallies.

Donald Trump: Nobody's seen anything --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- like it. They even say, many of them, we love you, we love you, we love you. They're screaming we love you and --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- I don't think it's ever happened before. I've never heard that term.

Steve Doocy: Well, Mr. President -- Mr. President --

Donald Trump: People liked Ronald Reagan but that never happened to him. And the media's looking for it to have happened because they like to show that I wasn't the first. But nobody's ever seen that happen. There's tremendous spirit. And there's something else, they have -- they call them organic where they just spring up, thousands of cars that stretch for 98 miles, tractors, thousands of tractors and farms in Iowa.

Brian Kilmeade: Iowa.

Steve Doocy: Boats.

Donald Trump: Different places and you've seen the boats.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: The boats are -- 6,000 boats in a lake and we're --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- going for records. It's been incredible, actually incredible.

Steve Doocy: Pardon my interruption a couple of times. I wanted to comment -- to get your comment about the fact that last night, I think it was at your last rally in Michigan when the crowd was going, we love you, we love you, and then you said, don't make me cry. Were you --

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: Were you a little emotional right then because that could have been the last rally of your political life?

Donald Trump: Well, no, I was being -- I was kidding actually but there is a little emotion but I said don't -- but I've said that a few times, actually. You don't want to see -- don't make me cry, don't make me cry. You'll make me cry and that will be very bad for my image as president. And, you know, I kid, so I was actually kidding.

Steve Doocy: So you have never cried as president?

Donald Trump: I do, I do that all the time, a lot of the times I do that. And then I take my fingers, and I put them under my eye, don't make me cry. But I do that kiddingly. But, you know, but it is emotional. It's incredible. It's tremendous love. Nobody has ever seen it before. You know? I bet you've never heard of it before.

Donald Trump: And it happens at every rally.

Ainsley Earhardt: You know when they say that they love you -- and when they say they love you, I like how you say, well I love you, too, because when you love someone, that's always nice to hear back. But has it been like? Have you loved the job? Or has it been worth it because you've been under so much attack?

Donald Trump: Well, it's been mean, it's been -- you've dealt with horrible people like shifty Schiff and crazy Nancy and crying Chuck Schumer. You deal with some horrible people. People say who is the hardest -- you know, friends of mine from the past, really, they say, President, because they all call me President. They used to call me Donald, now they call me president.

Donald Trump: Which is terrible, it's hard to have friends because they react differently to me now than they used to. You know, the old days, hey, let's go to dinner, Don. Now it's Mr. President, gee, could we somehow get together some day? You know what I'm saying? It changes -- but you three are friends, OK? But it is a very different thing.

Donald Trump: But it's -- you deal with people that are very deceptive but they'll go, Mr. President, tell me, who is the country that's most difficult to deal with, is it Russia? Is it China? Is it North Korea? Sir, is it North Korea? And I go, no, well by far the most difficult country to deal with is the U.S., it's not even close.

Donald Trump: And they all say, you got to be kidding, and I say no, I'm actually probably not kidding. No, we have very, very deceptive people, we have some people that, you know, I think they have -- I think they are sick in some ways, like in Adam Schiff, I think Adam Schiff is a sick person. And we deal with them.

Donald Trump: We just deal with them. But it's a shame. It's a shame.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But you know, the inner workings of the U.S., very difficult. Unless you want to sit there and do nothing or unless you want to exceed to doing everything they want to do and we don't want to do that. But you get by it .

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President -- Mr. President, I know you've said on the before the stump before -- right. Mr. President, I know you've said on the stump before, I wouldn't have gotten into this job or ran for this job if the previous administration wasn't, in your words, so bad. And some have said that Barack Obama's come out to be the bad cop, to go after you.

Brian Kilmeade: One to the things he said last night was, he's going around spreading COVID like he's a carrier because he cares more about having these big crowds than he does keeping people safe. Do you want to respond to the former president?

Donald Trump: Well fortunately, he's drawing flies, he's not getting anybody to go listen to him too much. Actually, Fox puts him on more than anybody else, which is sort of shocking to me because Fox has changed a lot. And somebody said, what's the biggest difference between this and four years ago and I say Fox. It's much different now.

Donald Trump: You still have great people. You're three of them.

Brian Kilmeade: But you know, Mr. President, can I just say one thing -- with what they try to do with Fox --

Donald Trump: It's -- Fox is a much different place in terms of politics -- excuse me?

Brian Kilmeade: But we just want to show both -- unlike the other networks, that we're trying to show both sides. So, hey, here's President Trump live, here's Joe Biden live because we feel it's a responsibility to sell --

Ainsley Earhardt: We can't criticize another network.

Steve Doocy: We report, they decide. [Crosstalk]

Brian Kilmeade: Yes. So, I don't think it's an endorsement of anybody. But go ahead, when President Obama speaks, does he get under your skin? They say that he's the reason --

Donald Trump: Well, in the old days they wouldn't put sleepy Joe Biden on every time he opened his mouth. They had other networks for that, frankly. And it was run -- it's a much different operation, I'm just telling you, it's much different. And you know, and you have great people when you have Sean and you have Laura and yourselves and you have some incredible people.

Brian Kilmeade: Ainsley, yes.

Donald Trump: I'm just saying. Tucker's been great. You have -- I think you've had -- you really have incredible people but it's much different. I could name some of your side players and you'll interview -- you had a period of time, I think you're still doing it, but you had Democrats on more than you had Republicans and, look, it's different, you know.

Donald Trump: I'm not complaining, I'm just telling people. It's one of the biggest differences this season compared to last. I think this season we have much more despite that and this is hard to believe, I think we've done actually much better, we obviously ran a good campaign. It was, you know, sort of a miracle campaign but we have a record to go on.

Donald Trump: We have done a lot, you know, when you look at the tax cuts, and you look at the regulation cuts, biggest in history. You look at all of the things that we've done, Space Force. We rebuilt the military. We rebuilt the entire military. It was a mess. And what we've done for the vets --

Brian Kilmeade: And -- and, Mr. President, the other thing is --

Donald Trump: You know, we've just got a 91 percent approval rating by the vets.

Brian Kilmeade: I've been watching most -- right.

Donald Trump: The vets have been really treated badly for a long period of time, and we got accountability done for the vets, which nobody thought could be done. People treat them badly. They get fired. You couldn't -- you couldn't get people out. The vets lived in hell. They just lived in hell. And you couldn't get them out.

Donald Trump: So, I mean, what we've done --

Brian Kilmeade: I think the --

Donald Trump: And many -- so many other things. The wall is going to be completed within a very short period of time. We're over 410 miles. We're doing 10 miles a week. And it's really an incredible -- you know, it's a system exactly like Border Patrol wanted. It's been really amazing. And -- and it's had a big impact because you see -- I mean you announced, we have the best numbers that we've ever had in the southern border.

Donald Trump: We did so many -- like Right to Try. We did Right to Try.

Steve Doocy: That's right.

Donald Trump: This is a -- it's not a smaller thing, it's a big thing. They've been trying to do it for many years. So if you're terminally ill and we have a great drug at the FDA, but it's not going to be approved for another two years, but you're terminally ill --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We now can get that drug and use it for somebody who's terminally ill. We worked a system that works out great. You sign a document, take away liability from the companies and from the -- from the country itself.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: And people have Right to Try. And instead of going all over the world or going home and dying, they can, you know, do this. They've been trying to do that for 50 years. They were never able to get it worked out.

Steve Doocy: Sure.

Donald Trump: We moved the embassy --

Brian Kilmeade: And Mr. -- Mr. President, one of your -- one of your messages --

Donald Trump: And think of it in Israel. Every president wanted to do that. Every president wanted to do that, Jerusalem becoming the capital.

Brian Kilmeade: One of your messages -- sorry.

Donald Trump: They all wanted to do it. But I understand why they didn't because there was tremendous pressure once you got in not to do it from other countries. Tremendous pressure like you haven't seen before.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: But I did it and I got it done. But we've done more than -- I mean I have a list, you could read it. You could read it for a day. So we've done a lot, you know? Very proud of it. It's great for the country.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. -- Mr. President, one of the things on -- one of the things on your stump speech you talked about is Joe Biden's not going to be moderate. If he is moderate, he's going to have to give in to his left flank. I think we have proof of that from a Zoom call that Bernie Sanders did with the squad. Listen to his agenda once Bernie -- once -- if Biden is indeed elected, what's going to happen.

Brian Kilmeade: Listen.

Bernie Sanders: [Begin Video Clip] We understand that electing Biden is not the end-all, it is the beginning, OK? And I think it's the result of work that all of you have done. Biden's proposals in this campaign are a lot stronger than they were in the primary and his proposals are stronger. Do they go as far as we would want? No, they don't. And we're not giving up on our agenda. But you know and I know that at the end of the day, the only way that we're going to provide quality care to every man, woman and child in an affordable way is through Medicare for All. And we ain't giving up on that struggle, all right? We're going to introduce Medicare for All. We organize our people to make sure that Biden becomes the most progressive president. [End Video Clip]

Brian Kilmeade: Did he just reveal the Biden agenda?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's very disrespectful to Biden, actually. I think it's a terribly disrespectful phone call to make. If you gave me that, I would have put it up on the board. You know, we -- we've been doing that half -- the last, you know, probably 15 rallies I put up a board and we put up a lot of things.

Donald Trump: We put up how he said fracking, fracking and then he said, you know, no fracking. He came out and said there will be no fracking and then he went out and did the opposite once he reached Pennsylvania and learned it's a million jobs and it's tremendous money and all of a sudden he changes his mind. He was never hit by the press.

Donald Trump: He was never asked about it. It's ridiculous. But, you know, I did that. And we put things like that up on the board. Had you had this, whatever it is, Zoom, I would have put that up in the board gladly. This shows tremendous disrespect for Biden. It shows exactly what I was saying, that he's not going to be having -- he's not going to be running the group.

Donald Trump: And -- and that group of people is probably close to impossible to run. That's the -- the -- I call it the AOC plus three. That's a tough group to run and they take -- they would take the country into a terrible place. But Joe's going to have a hard time. He's not going to be able to handle them. I mean, look, Joe -- Joe is having a very hard time.

Donald Trump: Joe -- Joe Biden is not prime time. He's not -- and he never was, actually. But he's not prime time. And he's put in a very hard position. When you see all of the -- the gaffes and all of the problems, this is something that -- he shouldn't be -- when he says he's -- he's a proud Democrat running for the U.S. Senate and, you know, at first I thought he was joking, but he wasn't joking.

Donald Trump: He's done that a number of times. He's called his location where he was, you know, he was in Ohio and he says I'm in Iowa. It's great to be with the people of Iowa and they start screaming, no, no, you're in Ohio. And that's -- that's happened many, many times. And, you know, that's something you can't let happen.

Donald Trump: That's -- that will be the end of the speech. There's nothing you can do to recover. So -- so, it's -- it's a tough -- it's a tough thing for him. He shouldn't be -- frankly, he should not be in this position.

Steve Doocy: Well, we have invited the former Vice President to be on this show, I think, every day for the last --

Brian Kilmeade: Well, let me check, Steve. Nothing yet.

Steve Doocy: He has never taken us up. Mr. President, you were talking -- you referred to the expression up on the board a couple of times. We're in New Jersey looking out at the skyline of Manhattan that you helped build with so many of your Trump Tower skyscrapers and whatnot.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: I know you have not been in midtown Manhattan in the last 72 hours, but you would not recognize it, because most stores and businesses and apartment buildings and things like are boarded up on the first level because they are so afraid that there could be rioting or looting or violence if certain people don't like the way the election turns out.

Steve Doocy: And a lot of people have suggested that the tell would be if Donald Trump wins there could be rioting or looting or things like that. Of course, I know you have said that you would try to put a stop to it, but nonetheless, how do you feel about how we got to this point, where if you are re-elected there could be rioting and looting?

Donald Trump: Well, I tell you, I think it's very sad and part of the reason is it all be in Democrat cities, Democrat run cities. It's going to be in Chicago, New York, and Portland, and Oakland, and you know, different places, Baltimore. And that's because of weak leadership and weak, weak leadership. And, you know, my side is a very strong side if they wanted to, but they don't like doing that.

Donald Trump: You know, they're proud of our country, they don't want to hurt our country. But, the other side is radicalized, Antifa, and frankly, if you let people know that there will be hell to pay, you wouldn't have any problem, but they don't do that, they -- they have the cops stand back, stand back and watch looters walk washing machines and televisions out of stores.

Donald Trump: It's a shame to watch it. I watched what happened in Philadelphia.

Brian Kilmeade: Philadelphia.

Donald Trump: I looked at that and you see the cops stand by -- and you know they're good cops, Philadelphia cops are good cops, they -- they don't want to stand back, but they're told to stand back. And these kids and -- and wise guys and anarchists, agitators, looters and rioters, I mean, that's what they are. When they see weakness, they go for it.

Donald Trump: It's a shame. No reason for it. You know, when the statues were being affected so badly, when they were knocking down statues, I took an old -- basically I modernized a very powerful old law and you get 10 years in jail if you knock down a statue and since that time, and now this is on a federal basis, cities can do the same thing, we could reinstitute it for cities if asked, but since that time, it just stopped.

Donald Trump: I mean, it just totally stopped, because people would say, you know, 10 years is just too much. And they would be able to stop this so easily by being tough, frankly. By not allowing --

Ainsley Earhardt: Right. Well, we hope it doesn't happen.

Donald Trump: -- thugs to run around and break windows. I think it's very sad when stores are boarded up. I understand why they do it, because a piece of glass is very expensive and they -- you know -- plywood doesn't cost much. They probably have it from years ago, from past problems.

Ainsley Earhardt: Right.

Donald Trump: But, it's a very sad -- to me, it's a very sad thing.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, I want to bring something up and I believe this is going to be our last question, I don't -- I don't think we have -- I think we're being told this is the last question.

Steve Doocy: You've got to go.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yes. So, let's say Biden wins, let's say they get those three seats in the Senate, and let's say they keep the House and then they pack the court. What does -- what's at stake for this country?

Donald Trump: Our country could never be the same country if they win, because they are radicalized left. Joe Biden will never call the shots and if he does, he's not going to be there very long. He's got a vice president who's further left than Bernie Sanders, who is not a particularly good person and she would be, I think, a terrible first representative.

Donald Trump: If she became the first woman president, I think it would be a terrible thing for our country. I think it would be a terrible thing for women. I look forward to the first woman president but I don't look -- I wouldn't look forward to her being that person. I think it would be a very bad thing. And I think you'd have a country that would become a socialist country, if they pack the courts, that would be a terrible thing and -- terrible thing.

Donald Trump: And yet the Supreme Court has given us very bad decisions. Everyone says, oh, Trump has three people. Now, Amy didn't take part because she just got there. I understand that. But this decision on Pennsylvania was a horrible decision. There's just no reason to go beyond --

Brian Kilmeade: [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: -- the date.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: People should put their ballots in early. You don't have to wait until the end.

Brian Kilmeade: Today.

Donald Trump: Why are they waiting until the end? Let the people -- they have it for a long time. They put their ballots in early and there's plenty of time to count it, tabulate it and do it through a normal course. If --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: If they come late or after the fact and then they give them all this time, so we're going to be waiting and it's really Pennsylvania but you could say others may be included in that. We'll have to find out.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, Mr. --

Donald Trump: Going to find out.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: But it's a very dangerous thing --

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- to be waiting and we're waiting this tremendous -- it's not fair to the people of Pennsylvania but it's not fair to the people of this country. And I wouldn't say they are outstanding representatives. If you look at Philadelphia, the amount of horror that's gone on there during elections, Philadelphia has been a disaster as far as I'm concerned.

Donald Trump: Not everybody will say it. They don't like saying it. Philadelphia will be a disaster.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And it's like we're putting these people on the honor system and -- but there's no reason for doing this and it actually delays the election. I'd like to find out on November 3rd the end of the evening or late into the morning, whenever, who won the election. And that doesn't allow that to happen, unless there's a blow out, unless you don't need Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: Now, it's very likely --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- Pennsylvania's a very important state. I think we're going to win Pennsylvania. We have very good numbers --

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: -- with Pennsylvania.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Really good. But I think we're going to win it. But I think we --

Steve Doocy: The White House team is --

Donald Trump: It'd be nice to have -- you want to have a win on November 3rd or the morning going along beyond --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- 12 o'clock.

Steve Doocy: That would be great.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing they have done and it's a very dangerous decision they have made.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, the White House team is telling us you've got to go but exit question and the magic number is 270 Electoral --

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Doocy: -- College votes. You've got a number in your head. We're going to write it down right now. You say you're going to win with how many Electoral College votes?

Donald Trump: So, my number last time was 306. You remember they said -- you and I had this conversation --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- a long time ago, right?

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: And you asked me this question, believe it, I don't know, I think you remember that but I ended up with 306. That was a good number. 223 to 306 and that was a big number. And I think that we will top it. I'll leave it at that. I think we'll top it. I think we will get --

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: -- better.

Steve Doocy: 306 plus one.

Donald Trump: People appreciate the job we have done and if you look at the numbers and --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- I see the futures were up. I'll tell you one thing --

Brian Kilmeade: Got you.

Donald Trump: -- we have a headwind on the stock market because on the chance that Biden got in, you will have a stock market go down like you wouldn't believe, if he got in. If --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: And I see the markets are projected to be up quite nicely today and it was up yesterday very nicely because people are starting to think that I'm going to win and the stock market will go -- it's a real headwind having this because it's always got -- everybody has a chance. But now they're looking at it, I think, differently than they were even four days ago.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Now we've made a lot of progress in the last four days and I've also worked--

Brian Kilmeade: Well you --

Donald Trump: -- very hard. Lot of people said, how do you do that? I said I do it because I have to do it. But it's --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: It's been an honor. And there's been such love. It has been -- and there's love on both sides. I mean, you have 30-40,000 more people in this big area and you feel the love. It's so incredible. It's -- and that's what -- I'm telling you, Tucker did an unbelievable piece. He got it, he figured it out because it's never happened before in the history of our country, never anything like this.

Donald Trump: When Biden goes and he has 20 or 30 people, that's not so different from a lot of other people. If Ronald Reagan came in to do a rally, because he was a popular guy, if he had 200 or 300 people, that's fine, that's like, you know, anticipated. Usually they'd go to a ballroom and they'd have it in a ballroom.

Donald Trump: I'm coming in and we're having 45,000 people. You ought to see the rally we had the other night in Miami. Ended at 1 o'clock in the morning. But people didn't leave because they didn't want to leave.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's been -- it's been amazing.

Brian Kilmeade: And Marco Rubio -- Marco Rubio did a great introduction on that.

Donald Trump: It's really been amazing.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. Well, Mr. President, we thank you for opening up with us. Before you ran for president, while you were running for president and when you won the presidency, and best of luck to getting four more years. We're going to find out soon, we hope.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: Thanks, Mr. President.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.