Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-jeevan-vittal-spectrum-news-june-22-2020

Jeevan Vittal: Our reporters across the country have spoken to countless people who've lost jobs are worried about getting evicted from their homes and paying the bills. Uh, my question to you, sir, is what is next for these Americans? What's currently in the works to help our neighbors get back on their feet?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you see the numbers come out two weeks ago. We had the best job numbers in our history. We're coming back very fast. It's going to be, really, I think it's going to be extraordinary. I think you're going to have a tremendous third quarter. I think you're going to have a phenomenal next year, 401ks, the stock market's almost at a record.

Donald Trump: It's almost, right now, at a record, which is pretty amazing considering we're going through a pandemic, hopefully, toward the end of the pandemic. And, uh, tremendous things are happening. We built the greatest economy in history, the best jobs, the best job numbers for African-American, Asian-American, women, uh, everybody.

Donald Trump: Uh, Hispanic-Americans were through the roof. And so we had to turn it off. We turned it off and now what we're doing is building it again.

Jeevan Vittal: And I wanted to ask you, sir. When you -- when you're talking about the jobs numbers, uh, pre-virus, the jobs numbers were around 3.8%, if I'm not mistaken. We get to May we're up in the 20's and now we're, uh, some were still in the teens. How do you try and return those numbers back to a pre-virus state?

Donald Trump: Well, all you can do is create the jobs and we're doing that. We're having record numbers of business openings. In other words, people are getting back to opening that business and we've helped with PPP and lots of -- lots of other things, stimulus. And we have tremendous numbers. Uh, two weeks ago, again, we reported the largest jobs number gain in history.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen a number like that. So we're opening up. We had to close it. We saved millions of lives by doing it. We did a great job with it. We -- we banned China in term -- because they were very infected and we did that very early, much sooner than anybody thought it would even be possible to think about.

Donald Trump: And we've done a good job, but now we're opening up our country and the jobs numbers are good. And they're coming back very fast.

Jeevan Vittal: When you're talking about opening up the country, obviously, that's -- that's my next question. Around 120,000 Americans died from COVID-19 and 2.2 million confirmed cases are around the nation. The virus seems to be surging across the South and the Western parts of the U.S. as evidenced by rising hospital rates.

Jeevan Vittal: Now, there seems to be a little bit of a contradiction, if you will, coming from your White House when you were saying that the viruses overhyped and, uh, not a big deal, and your --

Donald Trump: No, I didn't say overhyped.

Jeevan Vittal: Your officials seem to be --

Donald Trump: I think we're doing well with it. And if I wouldn't have done what I did, we would have had three or four million lives lost as opposed to worried about 112, 115,000, which is far too many. It was -- it came from China and it was a terrible thing that happened. I guess we're all looking at that, how that happened because it was a disgrace.

Donald Trump: Could have been stopped, could have been stopped in China, but we could have lost anywhere from two to four million people, as opposed to where it is now, which is probably 115, but it could get, you know, a little bit higher than that.

Jeevan Vittal: But is it right to --

Donald Trump: It could get up to 150, it could go beyond that, but we would have lost two million to four million lives. We've done a good job, and now we're bringing the country back.

Jeevan Vittal: But is it right to be reopening the country and focusing on that message, when we still have surging rates in the --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] on all messages, I have many messages. One of the things is safety. And one of the things is getting our jobs back because you know, that also has an impact on people and people's lives, including their health.

Jeevan Vittal: The leading experts are saying social distancing still needs to be respected and masks still need to be worn and that sort of thing.

Donald Trump: I don't know.

Jeevan Vittal: How do you try --

Donald Trump: Then why aren't you further away and why aren't you wearing a mask?

Jeevan Vittal: I can take a step back.

Donald Trump: No. I mean, you're not -- you're not social distancing based on that question.

Jeevan Vittal: But we also got tested. And when we're talking about testing, that's obviously something that has to be done.

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of people -- a lot of people -- everyone I'm around is tested. And many of the people that we had, we did temperature checks, we did a lot of things. Now we have -- we're very safe, we're very careful.

Jeevan Vittal: And moving forward. Uh, sir, when you have future rallies that are planned in states like Wisconsin and Florida, are you worried about safety there? Are there any precautions that are taken?

Donald Trump: I'm always worried about safety? We want to get rid of this thing, we're working on vaccines, we're doing very well. We're working therapeutically with --

Jeevan Vittal: But six members of your advance team also serve -- did catch the virus.

Donald Trump: We have a massive advanced team and they're all over the country. They come from all over -- all different parts of the country and, uh, some were temporary and etc., etc. But finally, we reported that very early on and they were quarantined immediately.

Jeevan Vittal: And sir, I wanted to ask you, given this point in our history, when you hear the words Black Lives Matter, put that phrase into your own words, if you will. What does the civil rights movement in this moment in our history, what does that mean to you?

Donald Trump: It means a lot to me and the civil rights means a lot to me. And nobody has done more for African-Americans.

Jeevan Vittal: But what [Inaudible] sir?

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Nobody has done more for African-Americans than I have. Criminal justice reform, opportunities zones, historically black. If you look at the size of the university, big or small, the size of the college, big or small, I did things that nobody else has ever done for them. And frankly, they're very grateful for it. Uh, criminal justice reform, prison reform, what we've done, nobody's done.

Donald Trump: Nobody has done for the African-American community what President Trump has done other than Abraham Lincoln.

Jeevan Vittal: But the African-Americans out in the street, people out in the street who were calling for change and systemic racism and justice in policing --

Donald Trump: Well, because there are people like you and you don't tell the facts. And that you don't tell, you don't talk about criminal justice reform. President Obama didn't do it. And he couldn't do it. I'm not even sure he wanted to do it, but President Obama didn't do it. Nobody did it. I did it. I got it done.

Donald Trump: Uh, unfortunately, it's never told it's not reported. But you know what? Our black population fully understands that, they understand it, and they understand it very well. Thank you very much.

Jeevan Vittal: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.