Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-september-21-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends. It was cross-checked and confirmed for accuracy. Text and video courtesy of Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends]

Steve Doocy: Now let's go to the second floor of the White House. And joining us right now is Donald Trump, the president of the United States. Mr. President, good morning to you.

Donald Trump: Good morning.

Steve Doocy: It's good to have you. We want -- with the breaking news on Friday about Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who died at 87 after serving 27 years on the U.S. Supreme Court; she was a legendary legal figure, I'm sure you have some things you'd like to say about how this woman had given decades of her life to public service.

Donald Trump: Well, she was a legend, and she represented something different than you or I or somebody else may really agree with or like, frankly. But she was a legend. She represented a certain philosophy, policy, certain groups of laws. She represented them very well. Highly respected. She actually voted for me in a very important case, and I was shocked, if you want to know the truth, because we lost a couple of conservative votes, and she actually made it possible to get this approved, which was rather amazing, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: I don't want to hurt her reputation at all, but she did vote for me in a case that was a very important case, so that was nice. But no, she was a legendary figure.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, I know you said you're going to nominate a woman. That's very important to women who are voting in November, for women's rights. You said you'll -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: How about you, Ainsley? I could nominate you if you want. You don't have to be -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: You don't have to be a lawyer. You don't have to be a judge. I could nominate you. I think you'd sail through.

Steve Doocy: Do you want to make some news right -- go ahead, make some news right now, Mr. President. Who's it going to be?

Donald Trump: She would sail through like nothing. That would be probably a good idea. That way at least we'd know for sure she'll be approved.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Ainsley Earhardt: There are so many women out there that are much more qualified.

Brian Kilmeade: Steven and I are going to push back hard.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yes. I think I'll stay in this seat. But thank you, Mr. President. So you said you'll make the announcement this week. Can you tell us more about that? Will it be the beginning of the week? What day?

Donald Trump: I think it'll be on Friday or Saturday. And we want to pay respect. It looks like -- it looks like we will have probably services on Thursday or Friday, as I understand it. I think, you know, the respect we should wait till the services are over for Justice Ginsburg. And so, we're looking probably at Friday or maybe Saturday.

Brian Kilmeade: So, Friday is going to be the day or Saturday. And we know how this looks like because you've had two dress rehearsals before with Kavanaugh and Gorsuch. Now we understand Judge Coney Barrett is somebody on your list. Also -- we also have Judge Barbara Lagoa of the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals and Judge Allison Jones Rushing of the Fourth District Court of Appeals.

Brian Kilmeade: First on Lagoa, this is the first time we had a chance to look at her bio outside legal circles. We know about Judge Barrett. Tell me about Lagoa and what -- what made her a finalist and what might tip the scales her direction.

Donald Trump: Well, she's excellent. She's Hispanic. She's a terrific woman, from everything I know. I don't know her. Florida; we love Florida. So, she's got a lot of things. Very smart. They're all very smart. We don't have to say that. There are actually five I'm looking at. It's down to five, and we're -- you know, they're all -- it could be any one of them.

Donald Trump: They'll all be great. These are really top people. To get on that list -- and I created a list -- and Biden should do that, too. He's got all radical left -- major radical left players. That's why, and if he puts a centrist in, somebody that really should be, somebody that's not so far left that it would be a member of the AOC-plus-three crowd, he will -- he's got a problem.

Donald Trump: If he -- if he puts somebody on that is not going to be popular with a certain group of people, they will all run away from him like the plague.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, who's the other two?

Donald Trump: I'd rather not say, but they're two fantastic people. So I'm looking at five -- probably four, but I'm looking at five very seriously. I'm going to make a decision on either Friday or Saturday. I will announce it either Friday or Saturday, and then the work begins. But hopefully it won't be too much work because these are very qualified people.

Donald Trump: And no matter how you would look at it, these are, you know, the finest people in the nation. Young people. Pretty young for the most part.

Steve Doocy: That's right. So Judge Lagoa, who you apparently are considering, she is 52. She's an appeals judge in the Eleventh Circuit from Miami. She's the daughter of Cuban exiles and would be the second Latina on the Supreme Court. And -- and I've been reading this morning in "The Washington Post," it sounds like a lot of people who surround you and perhaps are trying to bend your ear really like her, because not only is she a brilliant jurist and she went to -- you know, she's got an Ivy League education and things like that, but apparently -- you know, she's from Florida.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Steve Doocy: And you know, given all things begin equal, if they are all -- these five women are all of equal standing with the law, you know, some -- some might say, You know what? She's from Florida. He needs to win Florida on Election Day, so maybe she gets the nod. Is -- is politics going to be part of it?

Donald Trump: I try not to say so. I think probably automatically it is. Even if you're not wanting to do that it becomes a little automatic. A great one from Michigan, you talked about that. As you know Indiana represented very well. We have from all over the country. I think less so than the person themselves, if you look at some of the quality that we have educationally these are the smartest people.

Donald Trump: These are the smartest young people. You know, you like to go young because they're there for a long time. And I have a friend who's a genius, he's fantastic. He'd like to be on. He said, I'd love to be on. I said, You're 70 years old. How long are you going to be on before you decide to -- before you decide to wrap it up?

Donald Trump: So, you know, it's one of those things. But we --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You tend to go young, and I think in almost all cases -- and you could have somebody be on the bench for 40 or 50 years.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: These are big decisions.

Steve Doocy: Sure. So, Mr. President, what I think you're saying is -- what I heard you say is essentially you're looking for a brilliant legal mind, and if there is a political benefit for it, you know, maybe that's just a bonus.

Donald Trump: Well, you can say that. But we're looking for somebody who's brilliant, really understands the law and abides by the Constitution, and a good person. We're looking for a good person.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: A person who's really been somebody that has very, very high moral values.

Ainsley Earhardt: Josh Hawley was on our show earlier and he said, We have an obligation to our -- to our voters to vote the way they want us to vote, that's why they put us in office. So, he's going to push to -- to go ahead and fill the seat either before the election or in the lame duck session. Then you have Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who told her -- her granddaughter on her deathbed allegedly that she -- her dying wish was to have the next president choose her successor.

Ainsley Earhardt: How do you think all this plays out?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know that she said that or was that written out by Adam Schiff and --

Ainsley Earhardt: It was reported.

Donald Trump: -- Schumer and Pelosi. I would be more inclined to the second, OK? You know that came out of the wind it sounds so beautiful. But that sounds like a Schumer deal or maybe a Pelosi or Shifty Schiff. So that came out of the wind, let's say. I mean maybe she did or maybe she didn't. Look, the bottom line is we won the election.

Donald Trump: We have an obligation to do what's right and act as quickly as possible. We should act quickly because we're going to have probably election things involved here, you know, because of the fake ballots that they'll be sending out.

Steve Doocy: So you can't have a tie --

Donald Trump: It's a terrible, terrible situation.

Steve Doocy: So, Mr. President, you can't have a tie on the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: Well, we don't want to have a tie, no we don't, and we want to have nine justices, and we want to have somebody with a lot of talent added to the very talented people we already have --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- on both sides. And it's very important. But, you know, we won the election and elections have consequences. It's called you pick people from the Supreme Court and you pick judges too. We have -- we're going to have almost 300 -- about 300 judges at the end of my first term, which will be a record. It's a record.

Donald Trump: And that happened because President Obama left us a tremendous number of justices -- judges that he --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- couldn't -- either couldn't fill or didn't work hard enough or maybe thought Hillary was going to win and he didn't --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- push it. But even if you think -- thought she was going to win, I mean, having judges and appointing judges is a very big deal not only justices of the Supreme Court, and he left us a treasure trove. In fact I couldn't believe it. I said, How many do we have? And the number was 142. 142, very rarely does a president leave office and have any.

Brian Kilmeade: I know and you didn't --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] nuggets of gold.

Brian Kilmeade: And you got to have a big plan --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] nuggets of gold. You don't do that.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, so --

Donald Trump: And then they say he was a great president, well, a real Democrat wouldn't say he was a great president because he left us 142 openings. And then --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- I've added to it by a lot. But we're going to have -- could even be slightly over 300 judges, and that's a record at the -- well, that's another achievement, because, you know, I've always heard that judges and justices of the Supreme Court are the most important thing a president does. I think actually it's the military, defense, etc., etc.

Donald Trump: We've rebuilt our military in addition --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- to everything else. But I think -- you know, but I've heard and you've heard always that the most important thing that you do is judges but also justices of the Supreme Court. They actually usually say justices of the Supreme Court's a big deal.

Brian Kilmeade: Because -- yes, an impact beyond your years in office. So, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: But, Brian, we did, we won the election and we have the right to do it and we --

Brian Kilmeade: So --

Donald Trump: -- have plenty of time.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of time.

Brian Kilmeade: But listen --

Donald Trump: It's not like we're tight.

Brian Kilmeade: Do you think --

Donald Trump: And I think it should be -- I think the vote -- the final vote should be taken, frankly, before the election. We have plenty of time for that.

Brian Kilmeade: So, you do --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible].

Brian Kilmeade: So you do believe that this vote should happen before November 3rd?

Donald Trump: Yes, I think it should go very quickly. We have a lot of time, you know, especially -- the people we're talking about, most of them are young, and they've gone through the process very recently.

Brian Kilmeade: And, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: And we're not saying who, but pretty much they've all gone through the process very recently, so they're --

Brian Kilmeade: What -- what if your --

Donald Trump: -- you know -- we're not going to find so much.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: They've been for two years; they've been there for a year.

Brian Kilmeade: Well -- well, who knows?

Donald Trump: We have on person whose very qualified, whose extremely good, who's -- I believe 38-years-old, so that would mean she could be there for 50 years.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, they'll go back to her high school yearbook, we already know that.

Donald Trump: By the way, the Democrats are thrilled about that. They like the idea of somebody who's 38 --

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- who can be in the court for 50 years.

Brian Kilmeade: Right, I get the sarcasm. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Their heads are exploding.

Brian Kilmeade: -- what if it costs you the Senate? What if it -- what if it costs Cory Gardner a seat, Joni Ernst a seat? It might help Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham, but it could hurt others who are on the cusp with more battleground-type states?

Steve Doocy: If you have the vote before November 3rd.

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's going to help -- I think it's going to help Cory. I do. I think it's going to help Cory Gardner. He's a great guy, by the way, and a -- very, very loyal to the party and loyal to his state. He loves his state and I know that for a fact. I think it's going to help Mitch -- I think it's going to help everybody if they do it -- I think it's -- if they do it -- if they do it as they should be doing it, it's going to help everybody.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to help our country, if you want to know the truth, if we do it properly .

Brian Kilmeade: Well, the Democrats don't feel that way. Democrats are incensed. They're threatening to throw out the Electoral College --

Donald Trump: Well, they lost the election. And you know what, they might win an election. Hopefully it's not going to be this one, but they might win an election, and then they're going to have pick for themselves.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But, you know, losing elections, that has consequences. It's like -- that means the other side gets to pick Supreme Court justices, which is -- you know -- a big deal.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: Because it, sort of, sets the tone. I'm going to tell you right now it's a very big deal. We picked two great ones and I have a third.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I'm very lucky, because rarely does a president have this opportunity to pick -- not only that, so many judges --

Steve Doocy: Sure.

Donald Trump: -- close to 300, but also -- and appeals court judges -- but also very importantly three. Some -- some presidents never get to pick any.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Because again, they stay there for a long time, you know, 35 years and 40 and 45 years. So a lot of presidents don't get to pick Supreme Court justices, and here I am in one term, I get to pick three. So, that's very important.

Steve Doocy: That certainly is going to be part of your -- your presidential legacy. You know, here we've talked to you -- we're 43 days away from the election. We haven't really talked about Joe Biden. He was out and about yesterday in Philadelphia, and he had this observation about what you want to do. Listen.

Joe Biden: [Begin Video Clip] The people of this nation are choosing their future right now as they vote. To jam this nomination through the Senate is just an exercise in raw political power, and I don't believe the people of this nation will stand for it. President Trump has already made it clear: This is about power, pure and simple power. [End Video Clip]

Steve Doocy: Well, you made it clear, Mr. President, elections have consequences, you know. We heard that a number of years ago. But Chuck Schumer then went on and said, If they do this, nothing is off the table. And in other words, they might get rid of the filibuster, or they might pack the Supreme Court. Those are real threats, but then again they've been making the same threats about doing that for the last year.

Donald Trump: So, number one was Joe Biden -- was he reading that over -- off a teleprompter, as usual?

Brian Kilmeade: Yes, I think it was.

Donald Trump: Because so far he even -- he's even done news conferences and they give him the questions. I've never seen this. Nobody's ever given me the questions. They give him the question and it looked like he was reading it off a teleprompter. Everything's off a teleprompter. I don't know what's going on, but it's sort of crazy.

Donald Trump: No, they've been very threatening. And, you know, they even said that if I do it they're going to impeach me. Well, they impeached me for a perfect phone call to say congratulations to the president of Ukraine, and then they said the call was different than that. They made up -- Shifty Schiff made up a call, and he said horrible things and everyone thought I made that call, but that wasn't it.

Donald Trump: Thank goodness it was transcribed perfectly. But, you know, that was -- that was -- and I guess we won with the Republican Party, 197 to nothing in the House, and they did that -- you know -- they did that. So, I heard yesterday if I do it -- if I do it they're going to impeach me. So they're impeaching me for doing what constitutionally I have to do.

Donald Trump: Here's the thing. We have -- and I think then we win the election, then we win all elections if they do that.

Steve Doocy: So, it sounds like you're encouraging her --

Donald Trump: You know, you saw what happened the last time. My numbers when way up --

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, are you encouraging --

Donald Trump: -- the last time they did it. But --

Steve Doocy: Are you encouraging her to impeach you, so you can win?

Donald Trump: No. If they do, I think my numbers will go up. I think we'll win the entire --

Steve Doocy: I see.

Donald Trump: -- election. I think we'll win back the House. I think we're going to win the House. I really do. I think we're going to win the House, anyway. I think that would help those senators. I think that -- you know, you mentioned the senators. I think Susan Collins is very badly hurt by her statement yesterday.

Donald Trump: And I think -- I think Murkowski is very badly hurt. And she doesn't run for two years, but I think this will follow her into the beautiful -- and it is a beautiful state of Alaska. It's a beauty. I think -- I think nobody's done what I've done for Alaska, I can tell you, with ANWR and with a certain highway that they couldn't get approved for about 40 years, and I got it done.

Donald Trump: I was a -- nobody's ever done so much for so little with Murkowski. Nobody's ever done so much for so little. I think she'll be really hurt badly in two years. And I think that Susan Collins is going to be hurt very badly. Her people aren't going to take this. People are not going to take it. So that's it.

Donald Trump: I mean, if they want to go --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- against. Don't forget, we were put in this position by voters and we have a lot of time. It's not like we have two days, we have a lot of time as this goes. Whether it's before or after, I think it should go -- we have a lot of time before. I think it should go before. But whether it's before or after -- I mean, after, we have a lot of time.

Donald Trump: But I think we should do it before. But we -- we're -- you know --

Brian Kilmeade: So you might do it in -- yes.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] Democrats were in the same position, there is zero chance that they wouldn't do it, just so you understand.

Brian Kilmeade: So you're putting it on the --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] pack the courts. [Inaudible].

Ainsley Earhardt: So, if the shoe were on the other foot -- if there was a Democratic president and a Democrat Senate, you think they would -- they would definitely fill the seat before?

Donald Trump: Oh, zero chance that they wouldn't. They would do it. They wouldn't even talk about it. They'd say, You're crazy. What are you, are you crazy? And Biden made that statement before, if you go back. He made the statement. But I'm sure he doesn't remember it. But he made that statement before. So, if this were on the -- if the shoe was on the other foot, as they say, there would be no chance that they wouldn't be doing it.

Donald Trump: They'd be doing it, and they'd be doing it probably a lot faster than we'll do it.

Brian Kilmeade: All right, Mr. President, my last thing on this is people are listening right now and saying, Wait a second, President Obama gave -- had Merrick Garland nominated nine months before his last day in office before the election. And Republicans said, It's just too -- it's too close to an election. And now, they're saying Republicans are hypocrites, saying, We're going to push this through -- you, included.

Brian Kilmeade: Is there a difference in your mind? Do you understand where they're coming from?

Donald Trump: So, I think Merrick Garland is a -- an outstanding judge. I think he's outstanding. And I think he's an outstanding intellect. He is liberal; that's OK. But the only problem was -- and this is up to the Senate -- the only problem was President Obama did not have the Senate. I mean, I could go a step further: President Obama didn't get a lot of judges.

Donald Trump: And I just told you 142 judges -- and he didn't get a lot of judges. Because you know why? He didn't have the Senate. So, again, that's an election of a different kind. We had the Senate and the Senate didn't want to do that, and Mitch didn't want to do that. So there's a difference. When you have the Senate -- when you have the votes --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- you can, sort of, do what you want as long as you have it. So now, we have the presidency and we have the Senate, and we have every right to do it, and we have plenty of time.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Now, if this took place one day -- we had one day or five days or 10 days -- I don't know, maybe you could do it then, but that would start to look a little bit bad. But we have a tremendous amount of time. I mean, far more than other justices if you look back -- you know, than it took for other justices.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of time, a tremendous amount of time. I think it should be voted on and done before the election. I think that would be --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- good for the Republican Party, and I think it would be good for everybody to get it over with, because it's always controversial. And no matter who I pick, no matter -- no matter how great the intellect, how brilliant the person -- they're all brilliant, with all great intellect -- no matter how incredible the education -- they all have incredible education -- no matter how good, the Democrats will say, This is terrible, this is terrible.

Donald Trump: No matter what.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: No matter how good a deal I make when I make these great deals for our country, they'll always say, Oh, we don't like it, even though they don't know it. They didn't like USMCA -- it's a great deal. They didn't like it. They said, We don't like it. But I said, You never saw it because I've never revealed what it is.

Donald Trump: We still don't like it. Because that's the way they are. It's a shame. Very bad for the country. No matter how great this person is, they will not like the person.

Steve Doocy: That's right, because it has all become political, unfortunately, these days and everybody knows that. Mr. President, I know you're going to get on Air Force One. You're flying out to Ohio today. You're going to address the fight for the American worker. Ever since the pandemic started and the economy cratered, the Federal Reserve, you know, looking forward, they were a little pessimistic.

Steve Doocy: But a couple of days ago the Federal Reserve actually was quite optimistic, and in fact they talked about how right now we're in a situation where we have three million more jobs than they thought we would at this stage of the game -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: That's right.

Steve Doocy: -- and $600 billion more economic activity over and above what they expected just three months ago. So while we are still suffering from the pandemic, there is some light at the end of the tunnel.

Donald Trump: So, we're rounding the corner with or without a vaccine. They hate it when I say that, but that's the way it is. We're rounding the corner on the pandemic, and we've done a phenomenal job -- not just a good job, a phenomenal job, other than public relations, but that's because I have fake news. I can't -- you know, you can't convince them of anything.

Donald Trump: They're fake. But we have done -- on public relations I give myself a D. On the job itself we take an A-plus with the ventilators and now with the vaccines that are years ahead of schedule. If Biden, who ran the swine flu -- he was the swine flu. It's the H1N1, which he reverses. He calls it the N1H1 because he doesn't have a good memory.

Donald Trump: But if Biden -- on the swine flu, if he ran this like he did the swine flu from two to two and a half to three million would have died. The swine flu that he ran was a disaster. And the person that ran it, who I think you've had on your show, admitted that they didn't know what they were doing. I mean, it was one of -- I don't even know why he was so negative, but maybe he was honest.

Donald Trump: It was a total disaster. A much less lethal situation in terms of the flu itself. That was a flu; now this is a virus. But it was a much less lethal situation, but it was handled so badly. They lost thousands and thousands of people. And they agreed that they handled it badly. Now, he's telling us how to handle this, and we don't need his advice.

Donald Trump: We really don't want his advice. We'd like him to be honest because that's good for the country. Joe, be honest. For instance, everybody wanted a vaccine. They wanted it so badly. Once they realized -- I'm getting it very soon within a matter of weeks, once they said, Oh, he's getting it, then they started hating the concept of having the vaccine.

Donald Trump: That's so bad for our country. [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: Mr. President -- yes.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they're doing really well.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Steve Doocy: You -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Pfizer and -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- other companies. Actually, we have three that are really doing really well in regards to --

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, you just said weeks. How close are we?

Donald Trump: Well, I would say that you'll have it long before the end of the year. Maybe -- maybe by the end of October.

Brian Kilmeade: What company? Which one is closest?

Donald Trump: Well, Pfizer's doing really well. I tell you Pfizer's doing really well. Johnson & Johnson has an incredible vaccine that's really doing well. They'll probably be a little bit later. And Moderna's doing very well also. And Oxford -- you know, on -- on the other side Oxford, and we're very much involved with that also.

Steve Doocy: AstraZeneca. Yes, sir.

Ainsley Earhardt: So -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: So, we're doing really well. And -- and you know one of the reasons we're doing well is because what we did with the FDA. Normally -- if this were Obama and Biden, they wouldn't have this vaccine for another two and a half years because they wouldn't have been able to get through the process of the FDA. Total safety by the way.

Donald Trump: Total safety. It's number one. But if this were up to them, if they had it instead of us -- what I did with the FDA was very good, and we speeded the process up to a point where we're going to have them in a matter of weeks. They wouldn't have had it for two and a half years.

Brian Kilmeade: Got you.

Ainsley Earhardt: Bill Gates was on with Chris Wallace yesterday, and he said the travel ban that you implemented in January might have worsened the pandemic. Listen to this.

Bill Gates: [Begin Video Clip] -- this rush and we didn't have the ability to test or quarantine those people. And so, that seeded the disease here. You know, the ban probably accelerated that the way it was executed.

Chris Wallace: [Video Clip] And you're saying that the travel bans made the situation worse, not better?

Bill Gates: [Video Clip] March saw this incredible explosion, the West Coast coming from China and then the East Coast coming out of Europe. And so, even though we'd seen China and we'd seen Europe, that testing capacity and clear message of how to behave wasn't there. [End Video Clip]

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, what's your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, here we go with Gates. It's always Gates, and here we go. This is a new one that I hear for the first time. I heard it yesterday actually, and I watched. I listened to Chris. He had a good show. But here we -- I said, Here we go. Gates again. And, frankly the -- we did quarantine and we were careful.

Donald Trump: The people that came in were all Americans, so what are we going to do, say, You can't come back? They wanted to come back because they wanted to get out of Wuhan Province, which was, you know, heavily infected. And because of the fact that we knew it was heavily infected, we had quarantine, we had -- we were very careful.

Donald Trump: And did, you know, some -- some slip by? Perhaps. But this is a new one. This is a Democrat talking point.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: You know the interesting thing is two months later everybody agreed that I did the right thing. So two months later Sleepy Joe said, Well, he did the right thing, he absolutely did the right thing. I -- I didn't know if it was an apology, or did he just say that.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: But everybody agreed I did. Dr. Fauci agreed. Dr. Fauci was against it because he didn't think the problem would ever be that big. And there was nothing wrong with -- I'm not saying one way or the other, good or bad, I'm just saying he was against it. And then, you know, a couple of months later he really wanted it.

Donald Trump: And by the way, Dr. Fauci said I saved tens of thousands of lives.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: So, he disagrees with Gates. But, most of them say -- well, I haven't heard anybody say that what I did was a bad thing. Now Gates is, you know, going with the -- a new Dem talking point. You'll be hearing that one, I guarantee you that.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: But we were very careful and we did quarantine people.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, you're not going to believe it, but the House -- Democratic-controlled House Foreign Relations Committee came out with a conclusion: that China and the WHO lied to the world, and they could have stopped the pandemic in Wuhan had they acted honestly, openly and candidly with the rest of the world.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: Knowing that President Xi called you right around that time, you had this conversation, you made the comment, I think he's being transparent. Clearly, he was lying. How does it feel to be lied to by the president of China? And how -- what kind of cost will he pay with that? You say you haven't spoken to him since.

Donald Trump: I have not spoken to him since. And we made a great trade deal, we did the biggest corn purchase, the biggest soybean purchase, the biggest cattle purchase in our history from China. China -- China purchasing from us. But I view it differently. The trade deal is a great deal that we made, but I view it differently.

Donald Trump: We're taking in tremendous amounts of dollars on tariffs, billions and billions of dollars. We never took in 10 cents under Biden and Obama, they didn't have a clue. They had no idea what they were doing. We've made this great deal and we're taking in billions and billions of dollars, and yet I have a whole different feeling on -- on China.

Donald Trump: It's just a very different feeling.

Brian Kilmeade: But -- but even that's measured. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Because you know I was --

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, you're even being measured with that, compared to what you usually are. They really are responsible for the deaths of 200,000 Americans that could -- that committees and analysts are saying that could have been stopped in their country. Are they going to be able to get away with that?

Donald Trump: Well, I say it every time I speak. I say it every time I speak, Brian. I'm angry at them, because they could have stopped this. They could have stopped it easily. They stopped it from going back -- further into their country, but they didn't stop it from going out to the rest of the world, of which we're a part.

Donald Trump: They didn't stop it from coming here and Europe and all over the world, 188 countries to be exact. They did not stop it. Countries are devastated. Now they're having a big outbreak in Europe. They just had a big outbreak. And as you know, you probably saw these different parts of Europe. Everyone said what a great job they did, and they had a great outbreak.

Brian Kilmeade: And if you don't mind I just have -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- much better --

Brian Kilmeade: There's a video out now --

Donald Trump: -- much better than Europe.

Brian Kilmeade: There's a video out now, Reuters has it out. There's a video out of -- of China's Air Force rocketing Guam, and that's meant to intimidate Taiwan. You just sent somebody there. They're trying to -- they had exercises during that period. You know they steamrolled Hong Kong. They're using this opportunity to take advantage of the distraction.

Brian Kilmeade: How have you -- how are you going to counter something like that?

Donald Trump: Well, I won't be telling you that, but they know they've got some big problems, OK? If they play around, if they want to play the game they've got some big problems. So, we'll -- you'll be -- you'll just have to follow that one on the news, Brian.

Brian Kilmeade: OK.

Donald Trump: But you'll be the first to get there and you'll probably be the first to know.

Steve Doocy: So, stay tuned for that. Mr. President, you mentioned Chris Wallace a couple of minutes ago. It's just a week from tomorrow night that Chris Wallace will be moderating the first debate, you versus Joe Biden. You'll be on the same stage for the first time. You know, when you look at him as a debate competitor, an opponent, Joe Biden was on the -- in the U.S. Senate for decades.

Steve Doocy: He -- he debated for a very, very long time. When you look at the vice-presidential debate, he and Paul Ryan -- I mean, he was aggressive during much of it, and then at the end the experts said Joe Biden really did a good job and beat Paul Ryan hands down. As you look to combating Joe Biden, what are you thinking?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I think he's a professional. I don't know if he's all there, but I think he's a professional. I have to assume that he's a professional and that he can debate. I don't understand what's going on, he doesn't seem to be answering questions, and he can't answer questions. And much worse, a little while ago when he was on the stage with the Democrats he couldn't do well, he did OK with Bernie, it was sort of a tie; it was nothing great.

Donald Trump: I always say it wasn't Winston Churchill but it was OK, it was fine. So, I don't know why all of the sudden he did better than he did because he was horrible when he was debating the Democrats. If you look at Pocahontas just destroyed him. And Kamala as we call her, Kamala, it's got to Kamala like a comma, she said, like a comma.

Donald Trump: She is -- she was so horrible to him. She was terrible. She -- what she said to him was terrible. I tell you what I watched that and I'm shocked that he picked her because he was so -- he was so treated so badly by Kamala and then he picks her. I don't know how you can pick -- plus she was going way down in the polls so usually you like somebody that's rising not going down.

Donald Trump: She was going down, she was out, she was gone. But there was nobody that treated her -- including Elizabeth Warren nobody treated him worse than his vice-presidential pick. But I have to assume that he's going to do great. And because he's been there 47 years he's been in the public service --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- that's a long time. But the one thing I'd also say is he's been there a long time. Why hasn't he done all this stuff that he said he's going to do? You know he says, oh gee, I wish we did this or I wish we did that. I've done more in 47 months than he's done in 47 years. And that's absolutely true. But why hasn't he done -- he complains, oh, well we should've done this, we should've done that.

Donald Trump: Well, it wasn't like he left 25 years ago. Three and a half years ago he was there. And why hasn't he done the same things that I've been doing? And he copied in a bad version -- it's a bad copy but he plagiarized. He copied what we did with the pandemic. He comes out with a report. It's everything that we've done.

Donald Trump: We're working with the great generals and admirals and doctors and everything, but what we're doing is the same things that he said we should be doing, and we are rounding the turn. We are actually rounding the turn. We've done a great job including coming up with thousands of ventilators a month which are very hard to get and very hard to build and complicated.

Donald Trump: We're helping other countries. But we've done a job and now we're -- you really have to see and we'll have to see with the vaccines but you're going to have vaccines. We already have therapeutics. Remdesivir has been tremendously successful. We have great -- therapeutically it's been incredible but we have things coming out that are going to be even much better.

Donald Trump: So, we have a lot of great things. We just unleashed the geniuses in the labs and private industries, been incredible to watch actually, and you'll see that better in a few weeks.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, what do you say about the -- about campaigning raising money because the Biden campaign has $141 million more dollars, more cash on hand than the Trump campaign? And they're -- I hear they're running ads in these battleground states constantly.

Donald Trump: Well, they've always had more money than the Republicans. It's sort of a funny thing. We have a lot but -- well, we had -- look, when I ran against crooked Hillary, I had 25 percent of the money that she had, and nobody ever talked about that. So, I had a small amount of the money that Hilary Clinton had.

Donald Trump: She's still saying what happened? She said the other day what happened? What happened? Darling, does anyone know what happened? She spent all that money and nobody ever gave me credit. My father taught me if you can do something and win for less that's a good thing not a bad thing.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: I actually got criticized after I won the election. They said, you know, he didn't have the money, didn't raise as much money as her. I said yes but I won. I know but he didn't raise -- they actually criticized me because I spent less money and won which --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- I never figured that one out.

Brian Kilmeade: But you're --

Donald Trump: I never figured that out.

Brian Kilmeade: But you're out -- you're beating --

Donald Trump: But no, I think we're going to do very well. We have a lot of money. I mean how much money do you need? You need yourself.

Brian Kilmeade: But you're being outspent two to one, and he's got $100 million more in cash. You said that you would put your own money in. Does that still stand if you --

Donald Trump: I would do that. Well, I've already put a lot of money in the first time, and I would do it if -- yes, if we needed money, but we don't need money. We have a lot of money too. But they picked up because this is a big event but it's a big event for Republicans. I haven't seen what we've done. And I must tell you I could raise -- I could raise so much money if I took one day and just started making phone calls to rich people, but I don't like doing that.

Donald Trump: I never did because --

Brian Kilmeade: But you don't have the NRA this time; it's hurting isn't it? They're only giving you $9 billion, last time you had like $80 billion. How much does that hurt?

Donald Trump: Well, the NRA they're trying to destroy them in New York. They're in a fight because New York State is trying to destroy the NRA. I told the NRA, you know, move to Texas or move to Oklahoma or move --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- someplace where you'd be loved. Get out of New York. They're being sued by the attorney general, and it's terrible what they're doing to the NRA. Yes, so -- no, while the NRA's giving me their ultimate endorsement, the greatest endorsement they've ever given, the strongest endorsement, but they're spending all of their money on fighting the Attorney General of New York.

Donald Trump: They're trying to destroy the NRA, and that's a shame. That's a shame. And the reason they're trying to do that is because, you're right, they were a big donor and a big backer, and I think they gave us $35 million somebody told me. And right now, they're trying to fight for their lives. And I told them.

Donald Trump: I told them a year ago you ought to just leave, pick up and leave and go to Texas or someplace where they want you, Florida -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- someplace where they want you, and they didn't listen to that advice, but they have given me a tremendous endorsement. But, Brian, I can get so much money in one day. Give me one day and a telephone. I get all these rich people that I know very well to put up millions of dollar apiece.

Brian Kilmeade: But why wouldn't you do that?

Donald Trump: The problem is I'm then obligated. No, I'm obligated to all of them. I don't want -- I don't like being obligated.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: When I go against the drug companies, as an example, I'm going to drop medicine prices down 50, 60, 70 percent with my favorite nations. Nobody else was willing to exercise a favorite nations clause , and I was because I'm not indebted to them. They didn't give me money and I'm not indebted to them, or not that I know of anyway, but I'm not indebted to the drug company.

Donald Trump: It's great to not -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: -- you know, they have -- they have such control over politicians -- let's be nice -- over politicians. I'm sure they gave a lot of money to the Democrats. They're the number one in the country. They're the number one -- the drug companies.

Brian Kilmeade: Sure.

Donald Trump: Big pharma they call it. I could call them. I could get so much money, but then I'm not going to be able to drop your drug prices down 70 percent. And I'm doing that and now they put on lies. The only one that lies more are the Biden ads. Every one is totally false. They are really -- it's called disinformation.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: They make up a lie and they do an ad. The drug companies are really doing the same thing. So, now I'm getting ads all because the drug prices are coming way down. And what's the ads? They talk about Medicare. It's all coming down because of what I'm doing. You know, Germany pays a tiny fraction of what we pay.

Donald Trump: Canada pays much less. Many -- every country pays less than us, and what I'm doing is -- [Crosstalk]

Brian Kilmeade: Got you.

Donald Trump: -- it's a favorite nations. We're going to pay the lowest price of any country in the world. That's the price we'll pay. It's going to make -- it's going to drop prices down 70, 80 percent. But you know, for that it, I get hit, but I could raise all the money I want. I just don't want to be -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- obligated to people. It's just -- that's not my thing, and we don't need the money.

Steve Doocy: Well, we like low prices, but you know that, Mr. President. Real quick about TikTok. You know, the administration OK'ed the sale because it's a Chinese entity, OK'ed it to be purchased by Oracle and Walmart. And you said that's good because China's not going to have anything to do with it, but apparently ByteDance, which is the company in China, they say they're going to still own 80 percent of TikTok, so there will be Chinese involvement, and apparently this morning they told one of the wires that the $5 billion education fund that you spoke of, they've never heard about it.

Steve Doocy: They don't know what that is, so could you just explain for us what's going on with that?

Donald Trump: Yes. So, they will -- they will have no -- nothing to do with it, and if they do we just won't make the deal. Oracle and Larry Ellison, a great company, a great guy. And as you know Walmart is Walmart. It's great and they have a partnership and they are going to buy it. They're going to have total control over it.

Donald Trump: They're going to own the controlling interest. Everything is going to be moved into a cloud done by Oracle. It's all through the cloud, and it's going to be controlled -- totally controlled by Oracle. And then I guess they're going public and they're buying out the rest of it and they're buying out a lot.

Donald Trump: And if we find that they don't have total control, then we're not going to approve the deal.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: If they do have, it will be nice to keep the technology. It would also be nice because it's good competitively with others, you know, having the competition for Facebook and others would be good, but we will be watching it very closely. On a preliminary basis, we like the fact that these are two great companies that do it.

Donald Trump: Larry would do a good job, and Walmart is, you know, great, and Walmart wants to do something very special. Great American companies, but they will have total control. And ultimately, they're taking the rest of it public and they'll be bringing that number way down, but that number will not have any control.

Donald Trump: It's all going to be run by Walmart and by 100 percent and Oracle.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. If we think there's any control or there's any -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- lack of security -- now when the Democrats hear a call like this, they'll say we don't like the deal, but you know it's going to bring 25,000 jobs. And it's going to be located in Texas, and they want to -- they look forward to doing it, moving it to Texas. So, they're moving it into our country and I like it.

Donald Trump: But, we'll see how it comes out. It's got to be -- it can be zero security risk.

Ainsley Earhardt: OK, thank you so much for accepting our invitation and coming on this morning to talk about this breaking news in the death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Good-bye, everybody. Thanks.

Ainsley Earhardt: Good-bye. Thanks.

Steve Doocy: Thank you, Mr. President. Good luck in Ohio later today.

Ainsley Earhardt: That's right.