Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-michael-savage-westwood-one-june-15-2020

Mike Savage: Your great president, Donald Trump, on The Savage Nation. President Trump, what a great honor. Happy birthday. Thank you for being with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Michael. Thank you. It's good to be with you again.

Mike Savage: You know, President Trump, many fiscal conservatives have criticized your economic policy of bailing out mega corporations because of the steep job losses due to the coronavirus shutdowns. They don't understand business, but this strategy now seems to be working. Jobs are way up, even among minorities. Can you tell The Savage Nation about the latest jobs report, which is so important?

Donald Trump: Well, I actually appreciate that question because we had the all-time, in history, No. 1 increase in jobs number. Millions and millions of jobs coming back. We're opening up the country. It's doing well. We had to close it up, Micheal because if we would have lost, you know, millions more, we would have lost possibly two and a half, 3 million people.

Donald Trump: And if we didn't -- if we didn't do what we did. So we did the right thing.

Mike Savage: Yeah. Well, my -- my own, my own son, who's a business genius, and you know him. I complained about bailing out the big companies. He said, don't you understand by saving them, he's saving jobs.

Donald Trump: Saving jobs in -- plus you don't want to lose the big companies. I mean, they're making great product. They're selling the product all over, but you know, like the airlines, we had to bail out the airlines -- a rough business, but a very important business for our country. But the job numbers came back and you saw them, uh, announced a week ago, the highest number ever announced and nobody got it. Wall street that 119 analysts, not one analyst predicted it right, which makes me feel good.

Donald Trump: So the job --

Mike Savage: Well, yeah, I guess the same, like the polls -- the posters, it was saying, Oh, Trump's down, Biden's up. They gave him an eye job. Suddenly they wheeled him out of the basement. They're making him look like he is -- And he's a, he's a hologram. But did you know Politico came out this morning, President Trump, and said that they're seeing your reelection through a landslide?

Donald Trump: Well, I -- I feel that it's very interesting. I saw that and I'm honored by that. And I guess Michael Morris said the same thing or Michael Moore made his statements that he wanted. He's going to win again, you know. Well, if I don't win, the country is going to be in big trouble because I -- I see what's going on with the party, whether it's Seattle or the [Inaudible], or the rioting and the looting, all the things.

Donald Trump: This country would be in such trouble. I will this, I've never seen spirit, not even last time, not even in 2016, because then they didn't really know. They didn't know exactly, you know, I didn't do it yet politically and now I've done it with the tax cuts to regulation, cuts the rebuilding of the military, space force, all of the things that we've done.

Donald Trump: And they said, I've never seen such spirit. We went up to Maine last week. Maine. And I won half of Maine, it's actually two votes, but I won half of Maine. And last time I have never seen the crowds were from the plane to the plant that we opened up. We opened a beautiful plant for swabs and I went and you had to see the crowds.

Donald Trump: They were like, it was like the landing of a great hero in -- on Broadway in the old days. It's incredible.

Mike Savage: Here's something -- here's something we did today, President Trump. You've appointed two Supreme court justices, 51 U.S. court of appeals. Judges are hundred and 43 U.S. district judges, 196, total confirmed, 46 yet to be confirmed. People don't realize that your legacy will live for the next 20 to 30 years in the courts, which really matter.

Mike Savage: And all you're trying to do is right the ship because a bird needs two wings to fly. It's been flapping too far to the left for too long. And you're trying to make that bird fly straight, which I really love. But I want to, I know the time is so limited. Everyone's screaming about the rights of Seattle, they're frightened.

Mike Savage: And what do you think? I -- I hate this defund, the police movement. I say, give them more money and better training. We need more police, not fewer police. What do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you said it better than anybody could say it. Now, we're not going to defund the police. We're going to give more money. We're going to make sure we have good police, you know, policemen and women in there. Because, uh, obviously some of the things that we saw over the last few weeks are not acceptable to you, to me, to anybody.

Donald Trump: But you know, the vast, vast majority of these people are extraordinary people and they could do a thousand good acts and one bad one. And the one that is played, you know, 'cause that's the way it is. And that's the way life is actually, I'm not blaming anybody, but the one that's played is the bad act.

Donald Trump: And then everybody, sort of, brushes the entire forces as having -- as being that way. And it's not that way. The police, the law enforcement have done an incredible job. You know, we had a record number this year in terms of crime being down or record, we had a phenomenal year in terms of crime. And frankly, if we did the job, if the police were allowed to do their job in a place like, uh, like Chicago, you take a look at what's going on in Chicago.

Donald Trump: If they were allowed to do the job, they'd solve that problem very quickly and very easily. But they're prohibited from doing their job. No, but we want to -- I think you said it so beautifully. We want a lot of money for our place. They've got to do their job. They have to be great trait. If there's a bad one in there, you got to get him or her out fast, but they have to be able to do their job.

Donald Trump: And they can't be looking over their shoulder, Michael. And that's what you mean.

Mike Savage: Terrible, right. Because the bad guys will always shoot.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mike Savage: President Trump, President Trump, this is a really big one. This voter fraud thing. The Dems like Governor Newsom are pushing for all mail and ballots. He was stopped temporarily by a federal judge, actually by a judge in Northern California with terrified of the illegal aliens voting the Democrats voting four or five times.

Mike Savage: Is there anything that your administration is doing to prevent voter fraud?

Donald Trump: Well, we're suing and we're filing another big lawsuit, I think, on Friday. And I think we have a good case. Uh, Newsom announced that he's sending out millions and millions of, of -- of mail-in, what's called, mail-in ballots. And you know where you, you say, who are they sending these -- these to? And maybe who aren't. They let's say you take a Republican district and maybe those ballots don't get sat there.

Donald Trump: OK. This is the craziest thing. This is -- this will be a rigged election. If they're allowed to do it, we're like crazy. If you take a look, you know, we've won the last four elections. We won in Wisconsin. We won in North, we won too, you know that. Big one, we won a very big one in California, first time in 22 years, but we're fighting mail-in ballots.

Donald Trump: And in those cases, they had a lot of mail-in ballots, which is incredible. But the -- the -- the chance of theft, where they steal them, they hold up mailmen, they take them out of mailboxes, they print them fraudulently. And I'll just tell you this one story, 'cause it happened over the weekend. That person I know very well, a friend of mine.

Donald Trump: His son passed away seven years ago, beautiful, great son, and he's a great gentleman. And he said, sir, you're right about mailing ballots. We just received a ballot in the name of my son and he died seven years ago.

Mike Savage: Oh, boy.

Donald Trump: And this is going to happen. And that, let's say, was a legitimate mistake, but these mistakes are made by the millions. Go to a voting booth and vote. Unless you're an absentee, in which case they have to go through a whole process --

Mike Savage: Right.

Donald Trump: In order to vote, they have to go --

Mike Savage: Right.

Donald Trump: Very strict process.

Mike Savage: Right.

Donald Trump: The equivalent of going to a voting machine, or maybe even sometimes better.

Mike Savage: Yes.

Donald Trump: We have to stop that and we have to stop illegal voting.

Mike Savage: Yes.

Donald Trump: I think that's the one -- the biggest risk I have. And the biggest risk, frankly, that the Republican party has is mail-in ballots. It's a very big risk.

Mike Savage: Well, I'm glad that you're suing on behalf of the sanctity of the -- of the ballot box. President Trump, debt, the budget left-wing riots of freaking Americans out right now. We're all afraid of the huge budget deficit. And many people are saying to me, Michael, please ask president Trump to not bail out, California, not bail out New York, let them pay for their own failed policies and high taxation.

Mike Savage: Do you intend to bail out all states? Some states or no states after the COVID disaster.

Donald Trump: No. What we want to do is do something with respect to COVID. 'Cause they did really, a lot of the States did, but we're not doing what they call is bailout. A bailout is where a state like Illinois has been run badly for years and still is badly run. And we're supposed to bail them out for all of those years of abuse and all of those years of bad management.

Donald Trump: No, we're not being -- we're not doing that at all. We're doing -- we'll do something for COVID and you know, look, they've lost a substantial amount. We'll do something for COVID. Now, at some point, we're going to get this back to a level. You see what the jobs numbers and all of the things but a lot of positive things happening.

Donald Trump: And by the way, very positive also on vaccines therapeutics and cures, we're doing tremendous. I think you're going to see numbers a lot earlier. I think you'll see a -- a -- uh, a conclusion to that a lot sooner than people think, a lot sooner. And I meet with people. I meet with the scientists I meet with the people that are doing this stuff.

Donald Trump: They're really doing well. They're really, you know, we're doing testing actually. We've started testing and nobody thought that would happen for a long time. So I think that's -- but even without that, you know, at some point this stuff goes away and it's going away. Our numbers are much lower now. It's going well, we have hotspots that we put out the hotspot.

Donald Trump: We'll never close the country. What we did was so right. And then now we're doing properly, but you're going to have also therapeutics and vaccines coming out. And I think they're going to come out much, much sooner rather than later, Michael.

Mike Savage: Well look, Donald, you know that I have a training in epidemiology. I've studied diseases for years and they so -- they so misread the data on this from the beginning, misled the people, this guy, Ferguson from England, all his data was wrong.

Donald Trump: Yup.

Mike Savage: Based on that, they closed the whole world down and they don't even admit their mistakes. Now, Cuomo screaming. He's gonna shut down Manhattan and the Hamptons again because they're not listening to him. I listened to the craziness, but I want to ask you one last question.

Donald Trump: Wanting to do that for politics, for political --

Mike Savage: Of -- of the power, power madness.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, and he had liked to see that for November because if you can do that until November, the economy won't advance as much as I say it should advance. 'Cause we're really advancing rapidly with jobs and everything else much further along than people would have. You know, I built, I built the greatest economy during my administration in the history of the world.

Mike Savage: Yes, yes.

Donald Trump: We got better numbers for African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American. And now all of a sudden we had to turn it off. We did the right thing. We saved millions of lives. And now we turn it back on somebody like Cuomo, maybe doing that for political reasons because the comeback would not be as great, but it's going to be a great comeback, regardless.

Mike Savage: President Trump, everything that you do seems to be an uphill battle with the left and sometimes even your own parties against you, gene -- you know, in a general, in a general way. Did you expect this much resistance when you first planning on becoming president?

Donald Trump: No. First of all, I thought success. I knew I was going to be successful and no president's ever done what I've done in the first three-and-a-half years. No prayer. Whether you look at all of the taxes, all of the rebuilding of the military, look at where -- what we've done with Choice for the vets, we got Choice approved and accountability approved, but we got Choice approved, where the vets can go see a doctor.

Donald Trump: And now we pay for the doctors, opposed to waiting in line for two months. I mean the vet stores, you don't hear about the vets. You know, I just heard the approval rating for the VA is up 40% from what it was in the old days of your friend, Obama.

Mike Savage: My friend. Yeah, my good friend Obama. I really loved that presidency.

Donald Trump: No. And I have to do that to you.

Mike Savage: But -- but you know what? Up 40% the -- the VA is running well, it's all running. Well, then we got hit by the, uh, the Chinese sent us a little gift and we're not gonna forget it. That should never have happened. They should have contained it. They could have contained it. They did contain it for the rest of China, but they didn't contain it for the rest of the world, including Europe and the United States.

Mike Savage: So not a good thing, but we are, uh, we've got it back on track and it's going fast. It's going faster than people would have thought. You know, you mentioned China. They colluded with WHO to cover up that pandemic at a time when we had a chance to stop it if they had only disclosed it. Now China also controls much of our pharmaceutical supply.

Mike Savage: Our farmland is being bought up by -- by Chinese. Our universities are rampant with spies, from China. What do you think needs to be done about China? And what actions is your administration thinking of taking or taking?

Donald Trump: Well, I've already done a lot of it, you know that. We've taken in billions and billions of dollars in taxes. We never took in 10 cents. I've given billions to the farmers who were hurt because they were targeted by China. Then I've given the difference. They were -- it was 16 billion and it was 12 billion.

Donald Trump: And I've given that money over in the form of taxes that we took in from China and the rest went into our treasury, which was many times that amount. So the farmers were -- were very happy with what's happening. And we're doing things that have been very strong. In addition, I made a trade deal with China, which frankly so far they are living up to, which is some people are surprised by that, but they are living up. They're buying a lot of -- lot of stuff.

Donald Trump: But the day we got hit with this COVID or whatever you want to call it, a lot of different names. People call it by many different names. Some of them very insulting to China, but the day we got hit with this disease, my whole feeling felt, I -- the ink wasn't even dry on this trade. That was a great deal of $250 billion, they're supposed to put into our country a year.

Donald Trump: The day that that came in, I was very happy. And then when I heard that the flu, the virus was coming in. Something coming in, sir, the plague is coming in from China. I felt very much different about the deal that we had made, which was a great deal because we've never had to deal with China, but China was ripping off this country, $530 billion a year, think of it, 530 billion a year ripping us up for years.

Donald Trump: I got elected because of, you know, that was one of it. And not only China, everybody else also. And we've renegotiated a lot of those deals, Michael, we've made them from bad deals to great deals, South Korea, as an example, where we had a horrible deal that was supposed to create jobs. And we lost jobs, whether we've renegotiated, those deals.

Mike Savage: Right.

Donald Trump: We out of that, but we made this great deal with China, but I feel differently about it now, since we got hit with their, uh, with their present.

Mike Savage: President Trump, before you go, I just want to say this for, and all my listeners. We know that America's survival hangs in the balance. We make no bones about the fact that it's either you or total chaos in this country. Biden is a frontman for the most extremist left-wing fanatics I've ever seen in my lifetime.

Mike Savage: I don't mind that decent liberal. I grew up with them. I understand them. These people, president Trump are not liberals. You know that better than I do. These people are fanatics. They would, they would destroy everything. Not only that you created, but that all of our ancestors created in this country.

Mike Savage: And that is why I said before you came on the show, I back you a hundred percent and I will right through the election. And I want to thank you very much for putting up with the crap you've had to put up with. Every man I've talked to said, why doesn't he just give the keys back and walk away? They couldn't take what you've taken.

Donald Trump: Well, it's an honor that you say that, and you were my friend from the beginning and you were there long before people thought I'd win and right from the escalator ride down. If you remember those conversations and, uh, you really, uh, you really understand what's going on. You have a lot of street smarts, common sense, and just smart.

Donald Trump: But I will say this, uh, it's a disgrace what's going on. And when you see Seattle being taken, we're not talking about, you know, a local town. We're talking about a great city --

Mike Savage: President Trump. I could listen to you for another hour. The guys are screaming at me that you've got to go. And that, I guess I've got to say, I pray to God that you come back again on the Savage Nation.