Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-hannity-fox-news-august-11-2020

Note: [The following transcript was provided courtesy of Fox News Channel's "Hannity." It was cross-checked and confirmed for accuracy. Video and interview courtesy of Fox News.]

Sean Hannity: Joining us now live -- he's in the White House as we speak -- is the President of the United States. Mr. President, thank you, sir, for joining us. Appreciate you being here.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Sean.

Sean Hannity: Let's start with the big news today, Kamala Harris. Your initial thoughts?

Donald Trump: Well, if you read the various political pundits, you would've said maybe that would've been the one. A lot of people think it's a dangerous choice. I think she is the most liberal person, supposedly, in the Senate. That's pretty liberal. But she is supposed to be the most. I'm not sure that's what the country wants.

Donald Trump: I think, if it is, we have got problems. But I would be surprised if it is. She wants to raise taxes. She wants to get rid of your Second Amendment, no guns for protection, no nothing. She is very strong on the Second Amendment, getting rid of it, and very bad to the military. She wants to cut the military.

Donald Trump: She wants to cut spending for the military and the vets. And, you know, I don't quite get the choice. But we will have it out. Ere we have a great vice president named Mike Pence. And he will take care of business, just like he did the last time against a different candidate.

Sean Hannity: Well, Vice President Pence, by the way, will exclusively join us on this program tomorrow. Let's go through some of the specifics. She was one of the first Democrats to co-sponsor, I call him Bolshevik Bernie, Bernie Sanders, who, by the way, he used to be an outlier in the Democratic Party, and way outside the Democratic mainstream.

Sean Hannity: She co-sponsored his -- not only his single-payer Medicare for all, which would be, anywhere, estimates from $32 trillion to $54 trillion. She wanted to eliminate private health insurance even for Americans that like their plan. That sounds extreme, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, that's 180 million people. And they love their plan, not like it. And they don't want to take it away. And if you going to socialize medicine, which is what she wants and support strongly, and it's what Biden wants, ultimately -- he's not going to have a choice, because his party wants it. The people that really control the party -- he will never control the party -- they want it.

Donald Trump: That means you're destroying something that 180 million people love. They have a plan that they really like. That's a very hard thing to do, very hard thing to do. And, by the way, I have to say, Larry and Leo and Jeanine and your great Senator John Kennedy, who is fantastic, and Karl Rove, who has been so great, last -- you know, Karl and I had our disputes previously.

Donald Trump: We like each other a lot now. He's been great. But Karl was great tonight. And I will say, that was some little precast I had on. That was very impressive. Thank you.

Sean Hannity: That's -- I guess that we would call that the opening act, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, they were good. They were good.

Sean Hannity: One of the things -- I have talked a lot about this. And when you were a candidate, I asked you many, many times about the need for America to become energy-independent. And you went forward with the Keystone XL pipeline, the Dakota pipeline. You have opened ANWR. And for the first time in 75 years, America is now energy-independent.

Sean Hannity: And we are now also -- it's been a longer period of time -- the largest producer of energy in the entire world. She was a co-sponsor in the U.S. Senate of this radical Green New Deal. Joe Biden has already pledged trillions of taxpayer dollars for that plan. And all I see is that would eliminate the lifeblood of the world's economy, America's economy, in the next 10 years, according to the original plan that she, again, was a co-sponsor of.

Sean Hannity: How do you see that in terms of the geopolitical strategic even defense of this country, because, that to, me is a crucial program that is scary? You know, to go back to energy dependence is scary to me.

Donald Trump: Well, we are now energy-independent for the first time I guess ever. And we are very powerful on energy. And we -- when we had the pandemic hit us from China, which should have never happened -- they should have never let that happen. But there was obviously a lot of energy around. And we saved it. I saved it.

Donald Trump: We called Russia, President Putin. We called the king of Saudi Arabia. They cut 10 million barrels of oil a day. And we saved the energy. And now, we are at $41 a barrel. But, more importantly, for the people driving cars, we are around $2 and even less a gallon. And that's fantastic. She's against petroleum.

Donald Trump: She is against fracking. So is Biden. And that means you can't win Texas. You can't win Pennsylvania. You can't win Oklahoma or North Dakota or many other states. And it also means your electric bills would go up literally by 10 times. You wouldn't -- it wouldn't be even sustainable. And if they went with this crazy Green -- it's like child's play.

Donald Trump: If they went with the so-called Green New Deal, you're talking about a -- catastrophic for the country. You would probably have to close 20 to 25 percent of your businesses even to qualify. And they wouldn't function properly, because we don't have that kind of energy. It's crazy. This can't -- they can't power our massive -- we have these massive plants, some of which and many of which are being built under me.

Donald Trump: The car companies are moving back from Japan and from other countries, coming in from Germany. They're coming back to America, first time in 42 years. And you can't even think about firing up those plants with the kind of things they're talking about. Wind is nice. It's nice. It's -- but it's -- it causes tremendous environmental problems, from sight to home values going way down.

Donald Trump: If you see a windmill and you hear a windmill, your home is worth half or less than half. It kills all the birds. The whole thing is crazy, what they want to do. And they will destroy the country. We have built the greatest. And if you see what has happened, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world, better than China by far.

Donald Trump: We were lapping them. And then, all of a sudden, when the plague came in, we had to close it down. We saved millions of lives. And now we're opening it up, and we're setting records. And you even see the stock prices today, where the markets are -- Nasdaq is higher than it ever was. And the Dow is just about ready.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's right at -- almost at the same level. Who would have believed that in the middle of a pandemic, which we are soon going to have vaccines and therapeutics. It's going to be -- it's going to all be good next year. We're going to have one of the greatest years we have ever had, if it isn't blown out the window by tripling and quadrupling taxes and regulations.

Sean Hannity: Let me specifically go into the issue -- and it was a signature issue for you in 2016 -- and that is building the wall. And you can update us on that part. And, yes, it was a heavy lift. And you had to find a way to reallocate funds from the Defense Department and other where, but -- and elsewhere. But you have two candidates now that support amnesty.

Sean Hannity: Kamala Harris supports sanctuary cities, the sanctuary state of California, wants to eliminate ICE. Your reaction to the very different positions that you have on this very key issue and an issue that has defined your first campaign and is a big issue still today?

Donald Trump: So, the wall is well under construction. We have 281 miles up, 281 miles. That's one of the reasons that the border numbers are so good, because, wherever it's built, nobody comes through. You can't get through it, unless you're a climber of Mount Everest. That's about it. You would have to be of that talent.

Donald Trump: So, we have 281 miles. The rest is being built. By the end of the year, it'll be mostly finished. We may add another 50 miles that was unplanned for in certain areas that are little bit tough. So, we will make that determination. But the wall is built. You don't hear about that anymore, Sean. And, remember, that was like the biggest topic.

Donald Trump: As soon as I won, the Democrats stopped talking about it. And when they stop, their co-partner stops. That's the media, the corrupt media, the fake news. So, you don't hear about it. But the wall is going up and having a tremendous impact. And it's exactly what the Border Patrol wanted. We designed it together.

Donald Trump: And it's exactly what they wanted. They wanted steel, concrete, and rebar. I said, how about one? They said, we need all three for strength and for other reasons, security.

Sean Hannity: Yes.

Donald Trump: So, that -- and, if you look at ICE, these people are incredible. They are taking out thousands of MS-13 gang members. These are the roughest there are anywhere in the world. They are crazy. They are crazy. And we are either bringing them back to their country, or we are not -- we're putting them in jail.

Donald Trump: In some cases, we really have to put them in jail. We don't want to have to pay for them for the next 50 years, but we don't want to take a chance. They are so violent. They kill people with knives because it's more painful and it goes slower. That's what they say. It goes slower, and it's more painful.

Donald Trump: We are taking them out by the thousands. And Guatemala, if you look at Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, these are countries that wouldn't take people back. Tremendous problems came to our country. They wouldn't take them back. Now they take them back. You know, we were paying them for years hundreds of millions of dollars a year, ridiculously.

Donald Trump: And I said, you mean we're paying them the money? We don't take them back. We bring them to the country. They wouldn't accept. They wouldn't let our planes land before me. And when I got there, I said, well, if they won't do that, then we are not going to pay them anymore. Once I said that, we stopped paying them.

Donald Trump: And then all of a sudden, they take these people back gladly, with -- very, very happily. Mexico has 27,000 of their soldiers on the Southern border. And people aren't coming in now. They don't go past the Mexican soldiers, so, very, very few people coming in illegally. And then that's helped, of course, by the wall.

Donald Trump: So, we have made tremendous strides. We let people come in legally. We want people to come in through merit, where they can help our country, where they can love our country. And that's what's happening. And the Democrats stay away. The -- I call them the radical left, because, if you look at the races, you look at some of the races that are taking place, all of these old, mainline, older mainline Democrats are being beaten by radical left, I don't know, I guess you could say anarchists in a certain way.

Donald Trump: But the people that are winning these races for the Democrats -- Eliot Engel, he was a staple many, many years. And you know who I'm talking about, a staple, from a very nice part of the world that's going bad on us, New York. It's going bad. I left there. It was four years ago. It was a wonderful place.

Donald Trump: You could see signs of badness, but it was a wonderful place. And now it's -- crime is up by many, many times. And what's happening in New York is so horrible for our country, what they have done. What Mayor de Blasio has done to that city in a short period of time is horrible. But you look at Eliot Engel, and gets beaten easily by the radical left.

Donald Trump: And the Democrats, that's where they are. They don't want petroleum. They don't want Second Amendment. They don't want religion. They don't want anything. It's -- it's disgraceful.

Sean Hannity: Let me go to -- you know, I played at the beginning of the program -- and it was interesting to me that you had tweeted almost within minutes today the ad about Kamala Harris. And did you have an instinct that it was going to be Kamala, or perhaps the names that had been mentioned the most, did you have ads prepared for all of them?

Donald Trump: No, but we really have some very talented people. It was quick. And we have some talented people. Yes, I thought it might be her, because, if you remember, she was going to do very well. She was one of the people that was projected to have a chance at winning. And all she did, as people got to know her, she went down.

Donald Trump: She finished at two percent, probably less than that, and she fled. Remember how quickly? She said horrible things about Biden. The one thing I felt he couldn't do -- I mean, she took what somebody said about her -- some horrible things that were said about Joe, and she said she agreed with the woman that said them.

Donald Trump: That was a terrible statement. And I said, you know, just that statement alone. But she made terrible statements. She essentially called him a racist and other things that were very bad. And you know, I said, he probably can't pick her, but let's do something on her, because people were saying it could happen.

Donald Trump: And we had others in mind also. We had some -- we had some other choices. She was my number one draft pick. She was the one that I thought would be the best for us.

Sean Hannity: She's your number one -- your number one draft pick?

Donald Trump: Mike will handle it very easily. Mike is a pro.

Sean Hannity: Well, I mean, she did talk about things. You know, I know that you get attacked pretty much, as I have said. And I will say it, with the mob and the media watching, because they lied about Russia. We now know that the FBI knew from the subsource of Christopher Steele that that dossier was phony. We know that Hillary Clinton's -- even "The New York Times" now recognized that her bought-and-paid-for Russian dossier was likely Russian disinformation from the beginning.

Sean Hannity: But my question is more about her attack on Biden on the issue of race. And you know, the reality is, he did praise the guy that filibustered the Civil Rights Act. Imagine if you had done that. Biden did support the anti-busing amendment of Robert Byrd. And, by the way, he did say he worried his children would grow up in a racial jungle, referring to school and integration.

Sean Hannity: And he did, you know, use the comment more recently, "You ain't black," and "Poor kids are just as smart as white kids," and in a previous campaign, "They are going to put you all back in chains," and "You can't go to a Dunkin' Donuts or a 7-Eleven unless you have a slight Indian accent," and what he said about even Barack Obama, clean and bright and articulate, and that's storybook, and man.

Sean Hannity: He likes to say the words, "Come on, man, come on, man." Your reaction to her attacks on him on the issue of race?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, what you said about Russia, "The New York Times" is fake reporting. It's a fake newspaper, as far as I'm concerned, and "The Washington Post," likewise. I always try and figure out which is worse. And then you have CNN and, frankly, ABC, CBS, NBC. And -- but you have some good ones in between.

Donald Trump: Locals are great. Locals, we do great in. I couldn't possibly be here. And on social media, I don't -- does anybody do better in terms of people watching and the importance of social media? So, we get the word out. But you know, the sad thing is, you have so many incredibly talented writers, journalists, frankly, including yourself, because I consider you really a journalist, to a very -- to the largest extent, the job you have done, because you got the Russia hoax correct.

Donald Trump: And your people that came on that show night after night, including, by the way, our great congressmen and senators, and senators -- you had John Kennedy on tonight. You have a lot of them on. But a lot of people got it right. And a lot of our Congress and Senate got it right. And they got it wrong, and they got Pulitzer Prizes.

Donald Trump: The Pulitzer Prize is worthless, as far as I'm concerned, because, when you have the Maggie Habermans getting a Pulitzer Prize, and she got it all wrong, she doesn't -- I haven't spoken to her in forever. She is like my biographer, like she knows everything about me. She knows nothing about me. And they talk about they have sources.

Donald Trump: They don't have sources. They are made up. They make them up in their mind. They have no sources. I know when there are sources. But, if you look at "The Times," and I guess "The Washington Post," they got Pulitzer Prizes, and they were totally wrong. And they got them, I guess, before the end result. And there was no collusion.

Donald Trump: And now this thing turns out to be a total hoax. And now it finds out that we caught Obama-Biden. That's why I didn't think that Susan Rice could get it, because she's part of this whole illegal thing that happened, which is one of the worst, perhaps the worst, political scandal in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And they got caught. Now let's see what happens. But they are caught red-handed. And -- but these writers -- the writers got Pulitzer Prizes. And that shows you, a Pulitzer Prize is worthless. And, frankly, you ought to start a petition to return the Pulitzer Prize, because they were all wrong. They were wrong on the whole subject of Russia, Russia, Russia.

Donald Trump: It was made up, fabricated. It was a crime that was committed. And you look at Hillary Clinton, where she paid for the fake dossier. And now the dossier is proven to be totally fake. It's a disgrace what happened. And no other president should have to go through it, Sean.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, they got it all wrong. And they are listening to you tonight. They were wrong. There was no evidence of any Trump-Russia collusion.

Donald Trump: None.

Sean Hannity: We now know, in January of 2017, the subsource said, yes, none of this is true. This is bar talk. They never went after Hillary for her subpoenaed e-mails that were deleted and BleachBit and hammers. They never went after what turned out to be premeditated fraud on the FISA court. It says on the top of a FISA application, "Verified." Not only was it not verified, it was unverifiable.

Sean Hannity: And they were warned not to use it on numerous occasions, and definitively by January of 2017. They ignored her bought-and-paid-for dirty Russian, now debunked dossier. They ignored the biggest abuse-of-power corruption scandal in history, which then brings us to your comments yesterday about where we are.

Sean Hannity: There's two issues that I would like to see, as somebody that is a talk show host. And that does include straight journalism, opinion, and, yes, investigative journalism that the media mob doesn't do. I'd like to know -- I'd like to, number one, before any voting takes place, see you debate Joe Biden. You have invited him.

Sean Hannity: And I'd also like to have resolved what happened in 2016 before the American people vote in 2020. We haven't gotten there yet. We're waiting for the -- any Durham action that might happen. Your -- your thoughts on both?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope it goes quickly. But this is the greatest political crime, the worst political crime, I think, in the history of our country. And I hope that they do it properly, because this is -- this affected -- this had to do with Obama and Biden, as well as Brennan and Comey and Clapper. And you go down to Page -- Lisa Page, and her lover, Peter Strzok, and McCabe.

Donald Trump: But you look at all of these people, and they're all implicated. Now we're going to find out. Let me tell you, the Democrats play a much dirtier game than the Republicans. And I say that in a very negative way. It's a disgrace. They play a much dirtier game. They will impeach you over a phone call that was perfect.

Donald Trump: Nothing like that has ever happened before. They impeached me over a phone call that was absolutely perfect. You couldn't have made a better phone call. There was nothing done wrong with that phone call. And they play a much dirtier game, a much tougher game than the Republicans. The Republicans, fortunately, much better policy, but they ought to get tougher.

Donald Trump: The Republicans have to get tougher. And this whole thing with this mail-in ballot, that's a rigged election waiting to happen. It's rigged, and everyone knows it, because you can't send out 60 million mail-in ballots to everybody in the -- who knows who's getting them? The mailmen are going to get them.

Donald Trump: And people are going to just grab batches of them. And you talk about China and Russia. They will be grabbing plenty of them. It's a -- it's a disaster. It's a rigged election waiting to happen. And it's just common sense. You wouldn't even have to know anything about politics or elections. It's common sense.

Donald Trump: And an absentee ballot is OK, where you send in for a ballot, they go through a process, and they send it to you, and then you send it. It's fine. But these mail-in ballots, where they send millions of them all over the country, it's a -- it's going to be a rigged election. And this country shouldn't allow it.

Donald Trump: The courts have to step in. We are in many different courts right now. If the courts don't step in, the federal courts, you will never know who won the election. Just like in New York, they had an election with Carolyn Maloney, a third-rate congresswoman that I have known for a long time, third-rate. Well, she won, but they have no idea where the ballots are.

Donald Trump: Where are the ballots? Many missing ballots. Her opponent is having a fit. But they declared that because it was so embarrassing. Then you look at Paterson, New Jersey. They declared her the winner because it was so embarrassing. You look at then Paterson, New Jersey. Look at what happened there. Look at what just happened in Virginia, where they sent in 500,000 applications.

Donald Trump: And they're -- most of them are to wrong people. They sent some to dogs. They sent two to cats. They sent people that are -- that passed away, dead people. They were sent to dead people, and 500,000 applications. This is crazy, what we are doing. And it's not a question of anything else. It can't work. It hasn't worked in little districts.

Donald Trump: Small, little defined districts, they can't do it. And it's an impossibility. Plus, the post office isn't set up for this. The post office is not set up for millions. When you look at what they did in Nevada, and take a look, where they are sending millions of ballots, and you don't have to have a confirmed signature, there is nothing to say that that person signed it.

Donald Trump: It's going to be catastrophic corruption.

Sean Hannity: You know, you mentioned a lot there. And you know, when I went to the 2016 Democratic Convention, amazing, I needed a photo I.D. to get in. Just saying. You also mentioned, you know, the media ignored Joe Biden on tape: You're not getting a billion taxpayer dollars unless you fire the prosecutor --

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: -- investigating my son, who goes on "GMA" and said he had no experience. Let me move on to another topic, though, and that is, this is now...

Donald Trump: And, by the way, we should have voter I.D., Sean. We should have voter I.D.

Sean Hannity: Well, I -- you need it to get into the Democratic Convention.

Donald Trump: So simple. So good. They don't want it because it's too -- and you're right. To get into the Democratic Convention, you need I.D., but to vote --

Sean Hannity: Right.

Donald Trump: -- they don't want voter I.D. What does that tell you?

Sean Hannity: Let's ask about law and order, which is now on the ballot. You see what -- you mentioned New York City. You see the shootings, 40, 50, 60, 70 shot in Chicago every weekend, Portland, Seattle, Portland now, what, day 74 of anarchy? You have offered all of these big cities help, all these mayors. The one thing they all have in common, they been run by liberal Democratic mayors for decades and liberal Democratic governors for decades.

Sean Hannity: And now security and safety -- now, some people would argue, including me, that if you can't -- that is the number one job of government. We had a one-year-old child killed in a stroller in New York in a park, a beautiful seven-year-old girl killed in Chicago in her grandmother's backyard on Fourth of July weekend, an eight-year-old beautiful girl killed in Atlanta, when her mom made a wrong turn into the CHOP zone there.

Sean Hannity: You watched my interview with Horace Lorenzo Anderson Sr. He lost his 19-year-old son in the "Summer of Love" zone, when the mayor out there allowed the anarchists to take over city blocks and police precincts. We now know about Kamala Harris' view. I mentioned it during my opening monologue. Joe did -- he's trying to walk it back -- say, the police, they have become the enemy.

Sean Hannity: And he's all for reallocating funds away from the police. And Kamala Harris praised the LAPD for the cuts in that city, a billion cut in New York, and it's become a disaster. Your reaction to this whole defund the police effort madness that's going on in the country?

Donald Trump: Well, it's ridiculous. And we should do the opposite of defunding. We should help the police more. They have been taken -- their guts have been taken out. And it's -- it's very sad. Now, we have talked to the governor. If you look at Oregon and you look at what's going on out there, we're willing to help.

Donald Trump: You know, we need -- they're supposed to call and say, please send help. But, honestly, they have 10,000 great law enforcement people there. Really, they can take care of it themselves. But we'd be glad to send in the National Guard and solve the problem, like we did in Minneapolis. We solved that problem in one hour after they arrived.

Donald Trump: We can do it in Portland so easy. We can do it in Chicago, a little more difficult. It's a different kind of a problem. One is anarchists, and the other are people that go around indiscriminately shooting everyone and themselves. But we can solve the problems, if they ask. They have to ask. We are ready, willing, and able.

Donald Trump: We went to Portland to save the courthouse, if you can believe it, an expensive courthouse, a beautiful courthouse. It was going to be destroyed. It was going to be set on fire. And the mayor wasn't saving it. And the governor of the state wasn't going to save it. So we sent Homeland Security, 300 people.

Donald Trump: And they -- it was very easy for them. They could've marched forward. They are not allowed to do that. They have very strong restrictions, unfortunately. And they were -- they surrounded it, and they protected it, and it's fine. And they are still there, by the way. You know, the mayor likes to say they're -- they are still there.

Donald Trump: They are to protect the courthouse. It's not for them to do anything beyond that. They are not allowed to. But we can have the National Guard go in and clean out Portland in a matter of hours, less than hours. But they have to ask us for that. And they don't want to ask. And it's not because they are too proud.

Donald Trump: It's because they truly don't have a clue as to what's happening.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, you know, I listen to the New Green Deal promises, and everything is free -- free government, free pre-K through college education, student loan forgiveness, guaranteed government job, guaranteed government wage, guaranteed government vacation, guaranteed government healthy food, guaranteed government health care.

Sean Hannity: Kamala wouldn't even give you the choice of a private plan. Biden and Obama, they had eight years. They never set a single record of low unemployment for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asian-Americans, women in the workplace, youth unemployment, African-American youth unemployment. They had eight years to do criminal justice reform.

Sean Hannity: They didn't do it. You did. They had eight years to do police reform. They didn't do that either. You did that. And you also committed the most amount of money per year for the longest period of time for historically black colleges. Why did your policies set records? And why did they give us -- end up, after eight years, we had 13 million more Americans on food stamps, eight million more in poverty, and the lowest labor participation rate since the '70s? Why didn't their economic plan work, and why is yours working, considering this is going to be the biggest choice election, I would argue, in history?

Donald Trump: So, one reason is, they didn't care. They never even tried to get criminal justice reform, which is a big deal. And I got it. And nobody else was able to get it. And I don't think anybody else could've gotten it. And they never really tried. They never really helped the black colleges and universities. They call them historically black colleges and universities.

Donald Trump: They never -- they never helped. And these wonderful people, like, 40 people, 42 people would come up, the heads of each college. And after two years of seeing them, I say: "Why do you people keep coming back? Why are you continuing to come back?" "Well, we have to come back and ask for money." I said: "Every year, you have to ask for money?

Donald Trump: Every year? That's not -- that's terrible." And one man said something. A wonderful guy in charge of one of the colleges, the head person at one of these really good colleges, said to me: "Yes, they make us feel like beggars, because, every year, they make us come back for money." "And you have been doing this for years?" They said: "Yes, sir, we have been doing this for years." I said: "We have to give you long-term financing.

Donald Trump: And we have to give you a number that's higher than you're asking for." And I did that. And Obama could have done that, too, but he didn't. He could've done that. And he could've possibly at least tried criminal justice reform. He didn't even try. I have done more for the black community than any other president, other than perhaps Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you, when you look at what we did with Tim Scott on Opportunity Zones, it's incredible, the jobs that we are producing for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asian-Americans. But the jobs that we are producing -- Tim Scott is incredible. The jobs that we are producing, it was an idea that Tim had, and we took it.

Donald Trump: And we made it into an incredible thing, where jobs are being done. And areas that haven't been invested in, in decades are being brought back. It's an incredible thing to see. And we did these things. And Obama didn't do it. And this mostly helps the minority communities, the black community. It's incredible, what has happened.

Donald Trump: It's actually incredible, some of the things we have done. And we have tremendous African-American support. I will tell you that, Sean, tremendous. We have tremendous Hispanic support. And you know who likes the wall the best of all and who likes the border safety the best of all? The Hispanic, because they understand the border better than anybody.

Donald Trump: And they understand the bad people that can come in through the border. And they don't want them in our country. And the Hispanic appreciate more than anybody else what I have been able to do at our Southern border.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, we have had the worst pandemic since 1918, the invisible enemy, as you call it. I have noticed, in Arizona, Texas and Florida, it looks like the flattening of the curve. If the pattern holds, you will see -- I know the death rate has gone up. Then it will drop. And then it will drop precipitously, if the pattern holds in the Northeast and elsewhere.

Sean Hannity: My question to you is, you know, we are now in the final phase of human trials for a vaccine. Where are we? When do you expect the vaccine? You have talked about distribution. Tell us about that in the two minutes we have left. Tell us about where we are with therapeutics.

Donald Trump: OK. So, the therapeutics are great. We could have something very soon. And that's where you would go and give a transfusion or a shot in hospitals. And people are going to come out, and they are going to walk out pretty soon after that, and they're going to be in great shape. And we are having a tremendous success with that.

Donald Trump: And you will be hearing about that soon, and the vaccines by the end of the year, and maybe before that, maybe substantially before that. We're having tremendous success. We are in stage three trials already. The previous administration or any other administration could've never been there. We are doing more testing than any country in the world by far.

Donald Trump: And because of that, we will have more cases. We are testing people, we have more cases. If you don't test, you don't have cases. And that's called fake news gold, because they say, cases. That's all they say, is talk about cases. But what we're doing is the greatest testing anywhere in the world, the most and the best, best quality.

Donald Trump: And we are doing very well with it. All of these incredible people, they get very little credit. All of the ventilators -- we are now making ventilators for everybody in the world. We have all we can use. And it's hard to make and complicated and big and expensive. But we are making them and distributing them all over the world.

Donald Trump: We have done a great job. And it's moving along. We're going to have the vaccine soon. And we are going to have therapeutics very soon.

Sean Hannity: It's a scary thing. And you know, you rightly point out that this -- this shouldn't have happened. And the world would've helped out China, had they only asked. It is sad that they put a travel ban from Wuhan province to China, and you couldn't fly from China to Wuhan, but they left it open to the world.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, you have been very generous with your time. We're 84 days to go, and we have got -- now we have -- OK, it's you and Governor Pence -- well, Vice President Pence, former governor, and Kamala Harris and Joe. We will watch closely. I appreciate you being with us, sir. And we will continue to update people.

Sean Hannity: And thank you. Whenever you can join us, we love having you on the program. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thanks a lot, Sean. Thank you very much.

Sean Hannity: All right.