Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sean-spicer-newsmax-june-3-2020

Sean Spicer: Welcome to a special edition of Spicer & Co. I'm Sean Spicer. We are joined today by the President of the United States. Mr. President, welcome to Newsmax.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Sean Spicer: Mr. President, tell me: what were you thinking, what was going through your heart and your mind when you saw that video of George Floyd being killed?

Donald Trump: Well, it was a terrible thing and should never have happened. Something snapped, I think, with the policeman and the other three watching it were -- I guess, you can't put it in the same category but it was certainly in a very bad category, and nothing good comes out of that. No, it was a very bad thing.

Sean Spicer: You know, you've been a champion of Opportunity Zones. You passed criminal justice reform and increased funding historically to Black colleges. As a property owner, you opened a club that welcomed Blacks and Jews as a time when others wouldn't. Does it hurt you to know that some people don't recognize that?

Sean Spicer: And what else could you be doing to help unite the country and heal people?

Donald Trump: Well, it does hurt me, and we also have -- if you look before the plague, it came in from China, which should have never happened. They should have never allowed that to happen. But before that happened, we had the best Black unemployment rate in the history of our country, more homeownership, more everything.

Donald Trump: Every -- in every way. African-Americans were in better shape than they ever were, and they will be again very soon because the numbers are going to start going up very soon. I did it once and I'll do it again. We created the greatest economy in the history of our country. You know that very well. You were a part of it. Then, we did something that, frankly, nobody thought was possible.

Donald Trump: And we'll do it again and even better with a little time. And you're going to start seeing numbers in September, October that are going to be mind-boggling. I see it already. I mean, it's happening. But yeah, I mean, I would like to have fair press. Basically, because the numbers are obvious, they're there.

Donald Trump: If I don't see it. If I don't go on shows like this and other shows, I won't get those numbers out. But we did the best job in the history -- if you look at criminal justice reform. Historically, Black colleges and universities, I funded that on a permanent basis. President Obama didn't do that, President Bush, nobody did it. I took care of it. So many different things when you look.

Donald Trump: Opportunity Zones with, as you know, with a very great Senator, and he is indeed a great Senator from South Carolina, and Tim's a friend of mine. He's a friend of yours, and he's -- he did a great job and he came to me with this idea. And I said, sounds good. Let's give it a shot. Well, it's -- it's mind-boggling what happened to that.

Donald Trump: And it's great, the Opportunity Zones. We've done so much. I don't get credit for it but criminal justice reform. You know that. I had no chance of getting done. Everybody tried, nobody could get it, and I was able to get it done. And if you listen to people, it's like, we didn't do it. And I was the one that got it done.

Donald Trump: Totally done and it's a great thing and people are really happy with it. But the news doesn't treat anything we do fairly. That's why I have to get out and speak for myself.

Sean Spicer: When I was with you as Press Secretary, Chief Ryan Owens was killed in action. I was in the Oval Office with you when you called his wife. You spoke to her in such a heartfelt way to comfort her. You provided that emotional stability that she needed at the time. Do you think that right now the nation needs you to express that same sort of comfort and healing that some people need to heal?

Donald Trump: Right now, I think, the nation needs law and order because you have a bad group of people out there and they're using George Floyd and they're using a lot of other people to try and do some bad things. And what we do and I -- we have it totally under control. But you have Democrat in many cases, in all cases, Democrat, Super Liberal Mayors.

Donald Trump: I mean, the Mayor of Minneapolis was -- it was disgraceful when I watched that. When I saw cops fleeing a precinct. There's no reason in a million years that should have been done. And we took that mess, that was a total mess. We brought in the National Guard, we took care of it. Now it's very good. If you look at that area, it's very good.

Donald Trump: So yeah, we need healing but we also need strength and we need toughness and we need law and order. We need it all. But we do need healing.

Sean Spicer: Will you send in the military to any cities in particular to restore that law and order?

Donald Trump: Well, it depends. I don't think we'll have to. We have very strong powers to do it. The National Guard is customary and we have a very powerful National Guard, over 300,000 men and women, and we can do pretty much whatever we want as far as that. But as far as going beyond that, sure, if it was necessary.

Donald Trump: We have Antifa, we have anarchists, we have terrorists, we have looters. We have a lot of bad people in those groups. I mean, you watch and you see. Now, if you watch MSDNC or if you watch -- which is one of them. And if you watch fake news, CNN, totally fake news. I mean, I -- it's almost like these are the most wonderful people on earth.

Donald Trump: They're not. When you look at the real clear clips, they're not. They're not. There are a lot of bad people and there are a lot of good people. There's some great people but there are a lot of really, really bad people in there. And you have a lot of radical left, crazy people, and you have people that don't want good for our country.

Donald Trump: At the same time, we need healing and all of those things. But we need safety in our cities. And when they don't take care of it, we took care of it in Washington D.C. I said two days ago, this is the safest place on earth. We brought in incredible people. They took care of the situation very easily. It was very easy for them.

Donald Trump: And in Minnesota, as you know, we took care of that situation with their great city. We took care of it very easily. Once they went through three days of hell, and I had to say, you got to get them in. Once they came in, it was like a knife cutting butter. It was so easy. And -- but we have other cities they like to hold out.

Donald Trump: New York is -- disaster what's going on in New York and we could help them a lot. They have to ask. If they don't get it straightened out soon, I'll take care of it.

Sean Spicer: Why -- why did you go to St. John's the other day? What was the message that you wanted to send the people?

Donald Trump: So, I went there because somebody suggested it was a good idea and I thought it was a great idea, and it was a great idea. I didn't know if there were people around there or not. Somebody said, oh, they were so peaceful. Well, they tried to burn down the church the day before and almost succeeded. The church was badly hurt.

Donald Trump: And that church was built at a similar time to the White House. Adams was your first parishioner, your first President parishioner. And he was the first, as you know, President Adams, the first President in the White House -- from the White House, and a very important symbol. They tried to burn it down. Then, I heard what wonderful people they are.

Donald Trump: You know, they tried to burn down the church and the military moved them back. I guess, they just reported there were no -- what would you call them, the rubber bullets or whatever. There was none of that used. They just moved it back. They didn't know until just shortly before that I was going there. Somebody suggested, I said, let's go. Let's walk.

Donald Trump: And we walk from the White House. And I think, everything was handled very well. I will tell you, religious leaders loved it. Religious leaders thought it was great. They loved it.

Sean Spicer: Since you've been President, have you grown in your faith? Do you pray? Do you pray often? You've talked a lot about religion this week. What does it mean to you?

Donald Trump: So I think, maybe, I have from the standpoint that I see so much that I can do. I've done so much for religion. The Johnson Amendment, getting rid of Mexico City. Nobody thought any of this stuff would happen. Two Supreme Court justices, and by the way, if the other side and I call them the radical left because Biden has gone way left but he doesn't know where he is. But he's surrounded by people that are put there, that are serious radical left.

Donald Trump: You won't have a Second Amendment, you won't have religious liberty, you won't have anything. This -- I used to say, the other election -- the last election 2016, that you're a part of. I used to say that that was the most important election. I think it's superseded now because they've gone stone-cold crazy and they will do things that you wouldn't believe.

Donald Trump: And that includes ending the Second Amendment, it includes open borders where everybody pours in. You know on the wall that you don't hear about anymore, right. You know why you don't hear? Because it's built, 210 miles is already built, and we're building the rest. By the end of the year, we'll have close to 400 miles.

Donald Trump: And shortly into next year, we'll have it totally completed and every mile that we build, you have less and less people. We're setting records for low levels of people coming in, and when they come in, they get taken right out. Nobody's ever had a Southern border like what we have right now. It's been -- actually, it's been an incredible thing.

Donald Trump: You don't hear about it. The Democrats don't talk about it anymore. But they want open borders that means drugs, that means human traffickers, that means all of these horrible things, that means people pouring into our country. So, the wall has done great. That was very hard to get. I mean, I had a party that was a Democrat Party that was so against it. But now, you don't hear about it. But I think, the other reason you don't hear about it is basically, they know I'm right.

Donald Trump: Building a wall -- especially once the pandemic came. Because if you look at Tijuana, right on the other side of the border, it's one of the most infected places on earth. And we have a wall and that's a good thing that we have a wall. We built it.

Sean Spicer: You know, you talked about the wall and immigration. You've been very tough on crime. You've sent the National Guard out this week. There's a lot of people that want to know if police reforms will help the systemic racism issues that many Black people face in this country. Is that something that you could get behind?

Donald Trump: Well, I heard Biden talking about systemic racism in the Police Department today, and I said, very simple question. He's been there for 43 years. Why didn't he do something about it? I've only been doing this for three and a half years. He's been there for 43, 44 years. He was there eight years as Vice President.

Donald Trump: He had plenty of time. I mean, he was taking a lot of vacations, taking it easy, sending his son over to China to pick up $1.5 billion, sending him to Ukraine where he's paid $83,000 a month, and $3 million upfront or something. I would tell you, why -- he had plenty of time. Why wouldn't you do this? This is sleepy Joe.

Donald Trump: But now, he's talking about systemic racism in the Police Department. Why wouldn't he have done something about it, Sean? He had all the time. So now he says, I'm going to stop -- he's had 43 years. He was a Senator, in all fairness, it's a very big position. You could do what you want to do. But then, he was Vice President for eight years.

Donald Trump: He hasn't done anything except things that were bad for the Black population, very bad. African-American population was treated very badly by Biden. He didn't know it and he doesn't know it now, honestly, because I don't think he knows where he is.

Sean Spicer: Last week he signed an Executive Order asking the Federal Communications Commission to look into Section 230 of the Federal Decency Act. The Federal Trade Commission that was also part of your executive order, would you like the Federal Trade Commission to look into these social media platforms in terms of unfair trade practices?

Donald Trump: Yeah. You have Federal Trade and you have Federal Communications. They can both look into it but -- and you don't know that they're not, to be honest with you. So, let's see what happens.

Sean Spicer: Right. Would you -- the Department of Justice is also looking into Google because its -- many claim that it has a biased search engine. Would you support them filing Anti-trust Act?

Donald Trump: Well, I think you have a lot of situations. Look what Amazon's doing to our country. Amazon's destroying all these shopping malls and shopping centers. We have a lot of workers. You go through a beautiful town, you know, town -- Perfect Town USA, OK. Perfect Town USA used to have a little store here, a little -- along the main, you know, main street, I guess, you'd call it, right?

Donald Trump: These towns are wiped out now. Amazon's doing -- I mean, you talk about anti-trust. I don't see them doing anything one way or the other. But look at what Amazon is doing to our cities and our everything. You talk about anti-trust, so, we'll see what happens. I'm not telling you I'm doing anything or not doing anything, but there's tremendous damage and the jobs that are being lost and other things.

Donald Trump: But you look at towns and cities and shopping centers and shopping areas, and it's like they're -- they're empty. They're dead. They're like deserts. It's a very -- I think it's a very unpleasant thing and they have a big tax advantage, you know, because of the taxes. They have a big tax advantage over somebody that's paying rent and has a store and employing a lot of people and having people work.

Donald Trump: So, I think that's something we'd look into, yeah.

Sean Spicer: On China, you've been very tough with your tariffs on China as a country. There are some who are saying that because of what President Xi has done in terms of Hong Kong that he should be personally sanctioned. Is that something that you'd be willing to think about?

Donald Trump: I haven't thought of that. No, I haven't thought of that. Look I feel very --

Sean Spicer: How is your friendship with them?

Donald Trump: I haven't spoken to him in a while. It was very good. We did the trade deal. It was one of the great deals ever made. That -- China was just ripping off this country. China was taking our $500 billion-plus a year for many years, $500 billion not million $500 billion and I changed it around. You know, China before the plague came in, China, again, should have never let it happen.

Donald Trump: They should have stopped it at the source but they didn't. And the whole world was affected so badly, so devastatingly with all that death. Forget about the money, the death. But I had -- the ink wasn't even dry on the trade deal when this happened. But China before the plague, China had the worst year they've had in 67 years.

Donald Trump: That's because of me. Now, I don't say that with pride. But what's happened is, China has been ripping off our country for 30 years for longer. But for 30 years, the World Trade Organization has been a disaster with respect to China and so has the World Health Organization which we've now officially pulled out of. So, it's a very, very sad thing that has happened with China.

Sean Spicer: Can I --

Donald Trump: Certainly -- they certainly took advantage of. I mean, they're considered in the World Trade. They're considered a developing nation. China is not a developing nation. China is a very powerful nation and they're developed and we're all developing nations, we're developing too, I guess, right? I said, if China as a developing nation, then we're a developing nation.

Donald Trump: But by having that status, as you understand very well, because you understand trade. By having that status, they have tremendous advantages over the United States and it's not acceptable. And I let them all know it a long -- a long time ago and it's happening now.

Sean Spicer: You know, I speaking of the World Health Organization and what's going on here. We haven't heard a lot from Dr. Fauci in the last year -- a while. And a lot of these Mayors and Governors were all talking about social distancing and not gathering in large groups a couple weeks ago. I haven't heard a lot about social distancing and gathering since all of these large protests and riots.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Isn't it interesting?

Sean Spicer: Is that -- is that mean that social distancing is over? Does that mean that we don't --

Donald Trump: No, it's not over. It's like he's keep away. Like, I'm glad we're a little bit closer than you. I mean, I've done some interviews with a person so far over you don't even know what they're saying.

Sean Spicer: Right.

Donald Trump: But, no, it doesn't mean that and people are getting it. We want to be back to normal but it's a little bit soon. But I watched these protesters and they're the ones that are all claiming social distancing, everything else, it's really interesting. They do that and then they're jumping on top of each other by the thousands when they're screaming and ranting and raving which is not a good thing.

Donald Trump: I mean, we're going to have to see how that works out. It's a very bad thing. But very interesting with these Liberal Mayors, Liberal Democrats, and Governors, how they're tough as hell on keeping people locked up in their houses. But when it comes to ending the crime and those stores being broken into and the looting.

Donald Trump: And by the way, people being hit over the back of the head, the man in Dallas that was kicked unmercifully. I never saw anything like it. He's being kicked and beaten up and probably going to die. You look at all of this stuff. The woman who gets hit by a two by four. Nobody ever mentions that but you look at what goes on. But the Liberal Mayors they keep you locked up. But when it comes to the looting and everything, they're very weak on crime.

Donald Trump: But I think, they're going to lose an election because they are weak on crime. I watched Joe Biden talking about crime the other day. He's so weak on crime. You'll never stop the problem and I stop it. Look. I stopped it in Minnesota, Minneapolis, real fast. We insisted on the National Guard. It's up. It was brutal.

Donald Trump: They were you -- as you know, we said, took over the Police Department, took over the precinct. That -- they took it over. Everybody -- the cops were running. Those cops don't run. They were told to leave. They should never happen. That was a horrible signal, super Liberal Mayor. He was crying. He was crying.

Donald Trump: It's not nice. But the Mayor can't cry in cases like that. So, we -- we have a very different attitude on things. I am law and order, they're not. If they're not for law and order, you're going to lose the country.

Sean Spicer: You've always been a tough negotiator. Since you've been President, who's the toughest person that you've had to negotiate with?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the hardest are the -- you know, I say OK, people always ask, who's the toughest? Is it Russia? Is it China? Could it be North Korea? Who is the toughest, sir? I say the toughest is the United States of America because we have people on the other side that are vicious and they're -- I think they're more vicious in many respects than any of the leaders I deal with.

Donald Trump: Look what they put us through, a phony Russian witch hunt, a phony impeachment that was thrown out like dogs. We went to the house 196 to nothing with the Republicans, not one Republican. Never happens with the Republicans. And then, the Senators was fifty-two and a half to a half. When you think of that that was Mitt Romney, real -- a real winner you know.

Donald Trump: He still hasn't gotten over the fact that he got destroyed by Barack Obama. I always tell Mitt Romney, you know, if you would've fought this hard with Obama, you could have won that race, OK? I could have won that race easier than beating crooked Hillary Clinton. It would've been easier. But we have to have a country that's unified.

Donald Trump: But the most difficult people to deal with are the Democrats because sometimes they think they don't love our country and that's a very sad thing.

Sean Spicer: You know, you have a picture of your dad right behind your desk. You've always spoken fondly of your father, Fred. If he could see you now as President of the United States, what do you think he'd say?

Donald Trump: Well, he always had great confidence in me but I don't think he ever saw this was something that I was going to do.

Sean Spicer: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, one day I said, let's do it. We did it and I won.

Sean Spicer: You always thought you'd be a great businessman. But the idea of running the free world --

Donald Trump: He was -- he always good. Look, I had a great business and did really well with my business and I loved it. But I see, you know, if you think about it, Biden and Obama, don't forget, Obama campaigned against me the last time, I think, in a certain way harder than Hillary Clinton. I think, he actually campaigned harder than Hillary but he was all over the place.

Donald Trump: You remember that. He was flying all over in Air Force One campaigning against me and Biden, I'm only here because of them. Because they did such a bad job. I said, somebody's going to change this around. China was killing us. They were all killing us. I'm only here because of Joe Biden and Obama.

Sean Spicer: Yeah. I've seen you and the first lady interact. She's such an important part of your life. How much do you rely on her to get feedback on messaging and decisions that you make?

Donald Trump: So, she's treated unfairly but the people love her. The people love her. When I make a speech they have signs, we love our first -- all of you have seen hundreds of signs. We love our First Lady. They have sometimes pictures of high heels drive. It's beautiful. They love Melania. They really do love her.

Donald Trump: She's a very elegant woman. She is a very confident woman herself. She is very confident in herself. She doesn't have to get off an airplane and go crazy waving and they love that. They love -- you know, she doesn't go, wow, and start going crazy. She's doing a great job.

Sean Spicer: Do you do rely on her? Do you rely on her?

Donald Trump: People -- I do. She's got great judgment, great judgment. I do. I listen to her. She's got a very good way, very calm. She's a very calm person and she's got a great judgment about things. She had great judgment on the Russian witch hunt. She knew immediately. She said you never did anything wrong. What is that?

Donald Trump: She's got, yeah, something very special and people see that and they like her a lot.

Sean Spicer: They do. Sir, you've talked about, you know, Jeff Sessions being a mistake. Is there any other mistakes that you think that you've made or people that you shouldn't have hired or that you regret?

Donald Trump: Well, I made a lot of great moves. I've hired some great people you know some of them. We have some great people in government. Jeff Sessions was --

Sean Spicer: I'm in a bad place, right?

Donald Trump: No, no, you're in a good place. You did a -- you did a very good job.

Sean Spicer: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: And you're doing very good now and you did very well on Dancing With the Stars.

Sean Spicer: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I think a lot of our fans were out there.

Sean Spicer: With their support, yes.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you're quite as good as your [Inaudible] is up but we'll leave that --

Sean Spicer: No, I think their support was better than my dancing.

Donald Trump: I think you're -- you've got a lot of great support that's because people like you and respect you.

Sean Spicer: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: But not necessarily as a dancer but that's OK. But no, Sessions was a mistake, a big mistake for me. And you know this stuff should have never happened. It's now coming out that it should have never started. They had no evidence, they had no proof, they had no nothing.

Sean Spicer: Has anyone surprised you though if it did go the other way? Is there something that you brought into your administration? You weren't from politics. You'd been a businessman, a successful reality TV star. You had all these other things but you didn't know a lot about politics in the hiring sense.

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Sean Spicer: Has someone come into your administration that's been a superstar?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I have. I think I have numerous people that are superstars. I don't want to go over it now because when I leave somebody out and they'll say, oh. But I have numerous people. They're doing a fantastic job. Look, I'm already partially through rebuilding our economy for the second time. We're going to have an economy very soon, not so -- you know, people would say, will it be in 10 years?

Donald Trump: It'll be soon. It'll be next year. We're going to -- we're going to have a phenomenal year next year. Unless a guy like Biden wins and he wants -- you know, they want to raise everybody's taxes through the roof. What's that all about? You'll kill it. You'll totally kill what will be soon another golden goose.

Donald Trump: I built it once. And remember, artificially closed. I -- it was our day. If we didn't do that, we would've lost two and a half million people, one and a half, two and a half. We would have lost anywhere from 10 to 20 or 25 times more people than we lost. We did the right thing. But now, it's time to open but we have a lot of people that are really good.

Donald Trump: Yeah, a lot of people that are superstar status. I would say that's true.

Sean Spicer: Thank you, Mr. President. I appreciate you joining us on Newsmax.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Congratulations.

Sean Spicer: Thank you, sir.