Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-newsmax-greg-kelly-october-14-2020

Greg Kelly: Mr. President, it's Greg Kelly in New York. Welcome to Newsmax. How are you?

Donald Trump: Hi, Greg. How you doing? Okay?

Greg Kelly: Terrific. We're, uh, we're good up here. Uh, New York is a little bit in chaos, as you know, but look, number --

Donald Trump: Ah, it's terrible. What's going on in New York is a very sad thing to watch.

Greg Kelly: So, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Very, very sad.

Greg Kelly: Did you see the New York Post this morning? A major story. Uh, they're saying that --

Donald Trump: Right.

Greg Kelly: ...Joe Biden, uh, met with Burisma associates, officials, that Hunter Biden was setting up these meetings. If the story is --

Donald Trump: Yep.

Greg Kelly: ...true, uh, it means that Joe Biden has been lying for a very long time.

Donald Trump: Well, they're crooks, and they've always been crooks. They're grifters and crooks. Uh, this is what we're running against, and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. Nobody could believe it. It's turned out to be much worse. I give credit to the New York Post, and the mainstream media will try not to pick it up, even though it's a major scandal, but it's a, it's a very sad thing when you look at that.

Donald Trump: Everywhere he goes, his son goes right behind him and grabs money.

Greg Kelly: So, we've got the emails, uh, but you're not going to be able to confront Joe Biden with these emails because you're not debating. You're gonna have that town hall with NBC News. You know, they basically got caught rigging the thing for, uh, for the other side last week, but you're going on the same network.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they rigged that thing. Uh, they had, that was for a child. That n -- that newscast, that town hall, Greg, was for a child. That was for Barron Trump, okay, the questions they asked Sleepy Joe Biden. But this is serious stuff, you know, this whole thing in the New York Post. They've done great reporting.

Donald Trump: It's serious stuff. They've got him cold, and the -- the news protects him because they're in on the deal, probably.

Greg Kelly: It's kind of amazing. It is front page story, the New York Post. So far, it's not being widely picked up. That's very interesting. By the way, we've got a documentary tonight about Joe Biden. It's called Bad Decisions. You can watch it here on Newsmax at 9:00.

Donald Trump: Oh, I'll be watching that.

Greg Kelly: All right.

Donald Trump: So, I'll be watching.

Greg Kelly: We'll have it right --

Donald Trump: Your -- your network is doing... Your network is doing really well. You're holding my rallies. You're getting big ratings. It's great.

Greg Kelly: That's true. Your rallies are... Look, they're informative, they're entertaining, and I noticed something about you. Your fans are noticing something, that you seem to have an extra pep in your step. I mean, we saw the dancing. You said you felt 20 years younger. Getting over COVID, going through that, did that change you in any way?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, we've come up with great therapeutics and cures and all sorts of things, 85% mortality rate, you know, when you think of that 90%, uh, but we've come up with things that are ama -- amazing. Uh, the job we've done has been incredible, and now the vaccines are coming out. We're rounding the turn, uh, but you know, but most people, 99-point-something percent, uh, if you get it, you get better.

Donald Trump: I got better, but I also had the help of a, uh, drug, Regeneron, which I think probably helped. I mean, I, who knows, right?

Donald Trump: But I, all I know is I got better very quickly, and I feel very good. I mean, really good. Totally negative, and, uh, you know, I guess you have immunity for a certain period of time, too. Uh, it used to be for life, until I got it. Now, when I get it, they say it's only four months, you know. In other words, it was somebody else's [Laughs] that was for life, but, uh, but I have immunity, I guess.

Donald Trump: So, it's, um, you're immune to this terrible disease sent to us by China.

Greg Kelly: Well, speaking about immunity, we got a -- a number of officials apparently who will not be getting indicted. Uh, you know, the Bill Barr probe, we're hearing reports that there will be no indictments in the unmasking probe. Uh, you expressed frustration with Bill Barr and the progress last week. How do you feel about, uh, apparently again, in the unmasking situation?

Greg Kelly: No one's gonna be indicted.

Donald Trump: Uh, personally, I think it's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. It's, uh, it's a disgrace. I think it's, uh, really a horrible thing that, uh, they g -- that they're allowed to get away. That... When they say, "No," to that, uh, they actually said, "No indictments before the election." But I had to go through elections, uh, with all those clouds over my head, but they don't 'cause the Republicans are so nice.

Donald Trump: Uh, so, uh, personally, I think it's, uh, it, I think it's too bad. I think it's too bad. They're guilty as hell.

Greg Kelly: Too bad, uh, but you know, Bill Barr, in the conservative world, a lot of supporters. Uh, they like what he's doing. They like his stance. Uh, how do you feel about Bill Barr in a term two, second Trump term, if in fact you get elected, which I think will happen, but, uh, Bill Barr, will he be around in a second, uh, term?

Donald Trump: I have no comment. Can't comment on that. It's too early.

Greg Kelly: Too early.

Donald Trump: But I'm not happy with, uh, with all of the evidence they had, I can tell you that. I'm not happy.

Greg Kelly: Wanna talk a little bit about the debate. Uh, look, uh, uh, uh, some of your supporters thought that you possibly interrupted a little bit too much, that if Joe got to talk a little bit more. He might have shown himself to be not very good, not very sharp. Is a third deba -- uh, second debate ... I know we're not debating this week, uh, it got shut down, they caught the moderator ... any chance of a showdown between you and Joe before the end of election?

Greg Kelly: Are those conversations happening?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I -- I think so, but the problem is the anchors are all crooked. Now we have Kristen Welker. She's a, she's a disaster. You know, she's a never-Trumper from NBC. You know, all of NBC is never-Trump, that's Concast, and they're all never-Trump, and, uh, they're bad news, that's MSDNC. Uh, and, uh, you know, they're just bad news.

Donald Trump: Uh, but, uh, but, uh, you know, my debate, I did well. Everyone thought I won the debate easily, and then two days later they're saying I interrupted, but the truth is I had to interrupt because he was spewing all lies, so everything he said was a lie. And, what I'd do is I'd say, "That's not true, that's not true." And, you know, because he was saying a lot of things and they were lies, but the pr -- fact is that Chris Wallace, who's totally third rate, he kept saving the guy.

Donald Trump: When I said about as an example, Greg, and by the way, say hello to your parents and everybody ... what great, what great genes you have, okay?

Greg Kelly: [Laughs] Okay.

Donald Trump: And congratulations on your show, which is doing fantastically. I'd do your show even if it was doing lousy, but it's doing great. I get them to check anyway, you know? I always, like, check, how's he doing, Greg, because, uh, you've been, we've been together a lot and you're a fantastic young guy, and, uh, we really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: We need that in New York with what's --

Greg Kelly: Well, we've had a, uh, we've -- w --

Donald Trump: Hey, with what's going on in New York, it's so sad, Greg. It's so sad how they've ruined that place.

Greg Kelly: The situation is, uh, is rough out there. The show, thank you, by the way, we have, uh, improved exponentially in the ratings, and by the way, uh, Andrew Cuomo is out there dropping your name, saying that you tried to extort him. He's very critical of you in his new book. I do remember, though, that you gave him not only a hospital ship that he did not use, set up that center at the Javits Center, uh, basically a hospital facility that he did not use, and as you know, he's come under immense, and I think well-deserved, criticism for sending all of those elderly patients back into nursing homes when they were already COVID-positive.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he did a very poor job. He did a very poor job and, uh, a very sad thing. Thousands and thousands of people died unnecessarily, number one in our nation, and then he wrote a book. I guess it's a negative book. I don't know who the hell's gonna read it, but, uh, I guess he wrote a book and it's negative.

Donald Trump: I mean, we gave him hospital. We gave him the Javits Center. He could've put those patients in there, and they never even used them. I mean, he lacked, uh, he actually hardly used them, and we spent a lot of money helping him and, uh, he -- he's very unappreciative. You know, he's a thug, and he's very unappreciative --

Greg Kelly: You --

Donald Trump: ...and it's one of those things. They run New York. That's why people are leaving New York 'cause of people like him. He's a thug. He's a bully thug, and people don't need it because you have a lot of alternatives like Florida, where everyone's leaving for Florida, and it's too bad 'cause New York, it's always my place, you know.

Donald Trump: It's great, but you can't have thugs running it, and you got, uh, a lot of, uh, you know, he's got prosecutors all over the place. He uses them to his gain, and he should be prosecuted, frankly, for what he's done.

Greg Kelly: So --

Donald Trump: But, it's a very sad thing that's happening in New York. When I see it going on, it's, uh, you know, 'cause I love New York.

Greg Kelly: Yeah, I know, it's, uh, the quality of life is, um, is in a downward spiral. By the way, during the debate --

Donald Trump: And it's, uh, it's happened so fast. I mean, it was happening from De Blasio, let's face it, but ... and, and Cuomo, but it's happened so fast. I mean, all of a sudden there's like, just -- just, it was like a crash. It didn't happen overnight, you know. This was going on for a long time, but -- but then it just crashed.

Donald Trump: It's incredible, actually.

Greg Kelly: During the debate, uh, you were asked b -- about, uh, the racial training, sensitivity training that's taking place, or was taking place, in federal agencies. You didn't like it --

Donald Trump: It was.

Greg Kelly: You issued an executive order --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Greg Kelly: My question to you --

Donald Trump: Very important that you say --

Greg Kelly: No --

Donald Trump: Very important that you say "was taking place," right? You know ...

Greg Kelly: So, let me ask you this: If somebody is undergoing that kinda training in the private sector, could you make the case, or do you think somebody could make the case, that that contributes to a hostile work environment, and perhaps --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: ...they might have a case to sue?

Donald Trump: Sure. It's racist. It's, uh, it -- it's incredible how horrible it is. They teach you to hate our country. It's bad for our country and it's a total race-baiting deal, and it's a shame, and I stopped it in the federal government, and I did a step further. Anybody that does it is not allowed to do business with the federal government.

Donald Trump: That's not bad.

Greg Kelly: You know, the media have been repeating or allowing Joe Biden to repeat this whole issue about Charlottesville. You came out very strongly. I heard you say it out loud that you think that white supremacists and neo-Nazis should be condemned, but Joe Biden has based his entire campaign on the idea that you didn't say that. And the media, there are people in the media, well informed people who do not know that you said that second part of that statement. I find that incredible.

Donald Trump: Well they all... Yeah, but media is more corrupt than Biden, and Biden's very corrupt. He's always been corrupt. He, everybody knew he was corrupt, but now we caught him, you know, very cold. But look what he did to General Flynn. Right? With the Logan Act.

Donald Trump: Uh, no, Biden is a corrupt person, but the media is more corrupt because they don't bring it up. As an example, what we told Charlottesville, I gave a perfect statement but they cut off the end of the segment where I talk about that.

Donald Trump: But do you know what? I'm really against antifa, I'm against the radical left. The radical left are the ones burning down our cities, they're burning down our Democrat run, stupidly run cities, Greg, the radical left antifa. And I'm very much opposed to them and for some reason they're guarded by the liberals, I don't know why.

Donald Trump: But it's not happening much anymore because, uh, we're, we're finding a lot of things.

Donald Trump: But the radical left antifa and those, you look at Portland, this is all antifa and, and the radical left.

Greg Kelly: So the headlines, by the way, in October 2020 regarding the polls, they read a lot like they do in October 2016. That, uh, you're going to lose this election, it's deja vu all over again, as they say. Um, a lot of us are confident in how you will do on the merits, but voter fraud I know is a big concern of yours.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: I don't hear too much about what you will do in the aftermath of November third. Are you, are you lawyered up? Do you have teams to fight this thing?

Donald Trump: I am. I am. It's a crooked deal, it's a rigged deal. You see it every day, new, new, uh, new ballots are coming out that are thrown in garbage cans with the name Trump on it. You see it every day. But when you bring it up they say, "Oh, he's against our constitution, he's against our freedom." No, they're against our freedom.

Donald Trump: But it's very rigged, uh, well, you know, many, many ballots have... Didn't they just pick up 50,000 in Ohio and all over the place. Now with all of that being said, when I do a rally, like I think we had 41,000 people the other night in Florida. Right? So on one day notice. Last night in Pennsylvania we had 20,000 people, one day notice.

Donald Trump: Uh, Biden goes out, he's got 20 people. Literally, 20 people. They have nobody.

Donald Trump: And then I say always [Inaudible] in the polls. I, you know, maybe they are, maybe they're not, but I had the same thing four years ago. You're a witness to it, where I was down in all nine states, swing states, and I won every one of them. Right? You know. Because the media is corrupt.

Donald Trump: If I have done nothing else except convince people how corrupt the media is... and I'm not including you. And by the way, I'm including 90% of the media. Okay? It's totally corrupt. And you know that better than anybody, in all fairness. But, you know, you probably can't get involved because you'll want to get a job someday, so that --

Greg Kelly: Well, actually, you know what? I'll -- I'll tell you this about the media because... and, a lot of them right now would be rolling their eyes, "Oh, how dare he vote."

Greg Kelly: Here's what we've had over the past two weeks. Uh, Joe Biden has been on a national stage, they have repeated lies about Charlottesville, they have let him get away with that, and they can't pin him down on a very simple question about packing the court. That's a pretty easy one he basically has avoided being asked and when he is asked, he is able to deflect.

Donald Trump: They had to with the rogue reporter. And now he's getting fired, I understand, the rogue reporter that was, you know, pressing him a little bit. The guy who was standing about 2,000 feet away and he was shouting the question.

Donald Trump: Now, the, the whole thing is corrupt. Do you know the other one is fracking. So, Biden goes for, for a year and a half said there is no fracking, no fracking. Then he gets a nomination, goes into Pennsylvania and he says it's going to be fracking. And the media doesn't cover it, they won't talk about it, Greg.

Donald Trump: You know? It's a terrible, terrible thing.

Greg Kelly: Where are you right now, Mr. President? We'd love to see you in person, but are you in the White House? Or, where in the White House are you?

Donald Trump: I'm in the beautiful White House overlooking the great lawn. Looking at, uh, and speaking to a friend of mine. Again, great guy whose father was one of the great police commissioners ever. Whose father got, uh, let's say... I -- I -- because he never gets taken advantage of, but whose father was not treated right by Bloomberg, by Mini Mike.

Donald Trump: His father, uh, your father should have been mayor and he wasn't treated, he was not treated right. We would have had your father instead of De Blasio, you would have had a whole different ball game, but Mini Mike didn't treat him well.

Greg Kelly: [Laughs] Well, listen...

Donald Trump: Mini Mike, as usual, was disloyal.

Greg Kelly: I, uh, I -- I do think my father would have been...

Donald Trump: Did anybody else make more of a fool of themself than Mini Mike? Did anybody [Inaudible] -- they said, They said, "Not easy up there, Mike, is it, huh?"

Greg Kelly: Yeah, it was -- it was a one-shot deal by, uh, by Elizabeth Warren. I mean, that was wild, and, and, and you pointed out, "I have a feeling that drives, uh, Mike a little bit crazy." Hey, actually, term two, let's just talk real quick. And I know we got an election first. Anybody you're thinking of for a successor?

Greg Kelly: I mean, look, you don't get to appoint your successor, obviously, but it's something --

Donald Trump: No, it's too early to get into it. Oh, well, there are so many great people, and, and by the way, Mike Pence is doing a great job. But it's just too early to get into that whole thing. I mean, right now we want to see... I do have long, uh, coattails. You know, when I endorse somebody, they win. They really win, for the most part.

Donald Trump: It's, like, incredible. And I think we're gonna take back the House. Uh, I think we're gonna win our race. How can you vote for Joe? Joe is, Joe is shot. I say it openly. He's shot. He's 50%, and when he was 100%, he was a dumb guy, and now he's 50%. And he can't put two sentences together. And the only thing that he's got, he's got a party of, you know, killers, and the party is, uh, they're gonna replace him very quickly, 'cause he can't, he can't possibly do this job.

Donald Trump: I know this job very well. I deal with the toughest, sharpest people in the world. Joe Biden has to be in that la -- category. He can't be. His mind is blown.

Greg Kelly: All right, we gotta let you go in a moment, but real quick, I know you've talked to the social media execs, uh, Jack Dorsey, Zuckerberg, but a lot of feel like we're still being, um, censored on social media platforms.

Donald Trump: Well, you are, and, uh, we're doing things about it. The easiest thing to do is get rid of Section 230, and when the politicians get the guts, that's what they'll do. You take out Section 230. But I have to tell you, look, I just tell you this. I'd like to finish with this. So a Republican doesn't win New York.

Donald Trump: You know, we get 38% of the vote and such. In theory, you can't. Vote for Trump, New York. You'll have low energy costs. Your taxes will be cut in half. You are being mismanaged into oblivion. You're all gonna have to leave because it's in... you can't stay there. Taxes are too high. Energy costs are too high.

Donald Trump: You know that Cuomo's not letting this go, the pipeline to the we -- to the east coast. If he did that, your energy costs would go down and, and by 50%. But he doesn't wanna do it for environmental grounds 'cause Bobby Kennedy is his boss. People don't realize that Bobby Kennedy Jr. is his boss. But I say vote for Trump.

Greg Kelly: Hey --

Donald Trump: Your taxes will go down.

Donald Trump: Your, Your standard of living will go to a level. Vote for Trump.

Greg Kelly: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: And the 2nd Amendment will be protected. All of these things, and you know, it's sort of an automatic loss for a Republican, and it's a shame because New York is one of the worst-run states in the, in the country, probably the worst-run in the state in the country. Vote for Trump. You have nothing to lose.

Donald Trump: You know I said that for the African Americans, and they agreed, and they do. [Crosstalk]

Greg Kelly: Yeah, Candace Owens [Crosstalk]. Candace --

Donald Trump: Vote for Trump.

Greg Kelly: Candace Owens --

Donald Trump: What the hell do you have to lose?

Greg Kelly: She told us the other night that you might get 20% of the African American vote. Finally this. The night you won, uh, the presidency, I remember this well. You said that you would be the president for all the people. Now let's face it. You know, you got a lot of, you got a lot of support. People love you.

Greg Kelly: They chant, "We love you," but you got the haters out there.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: Have you thought about what you would do in term two to reach out to... I'm not talking about Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats, but people in America who oppose you --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greg Kelly: ...who would... might be open. Is there something you could do to bring them on board?

Donald Trump: Yeah, there is, Greg. When we have success, I'll tell you, it was happening. It was there. I told this to somebody the other day. I was getting calls from Democrats and worse than Democrats that wanted to make deals. They wanted to come together. And then we had the China plague came in. You know, we had the best Black and Hispanic and everything, unemployment, Asian, everything, women.

Donald Trump: We had the best numbers we've ever had. By the way, the stock market's ready to h -- do highs again, can you believe it? In the middle of a pandemic. We're rounding the turn. But, uh, it was ready to come back, and then we got hit by the China plague, and we have to start over. And now what we're doing is building it back stronger than it would've been, actually stronger.

Donald Trump: But success is gonna bring it all back, and there'll be unity. You watch.

Greg Kelly: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: It's happening.

Greg Kelly: ...it's, uh, it's great to talk to you. Please come back. Good luck out there and stay safe, and, uh, we really appreciate it, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And say hello to those two great people that I think are incredible people, and, uh, tell 'em... tell your father he should've been the Mayor of New York.

Greg Kelly: You got it.

Donald Trump: You know, but at least I... Hey, at least I wanted him. [Laughs] I'll tell you that right now.

Greg Kelly: [Laughs] No.

Donald Trump: Mini Mike. Mini Mike was a disaster. He doesn't have a clue, that poor bastard. Have a good time. So long, Greg.

Greg Kelly: You bet, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Greg.

Greg Kelly: Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot.