Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-frank-beckmann-wjr-detroit-november-3-2020

Frank Beckmann: So right now we have made connection with the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. Uh, sir, good morning. Thank you so much for the time today and I'm glad that you are doing well and recovered from COVID.

Donald Trump: Well, I am. And it's, uh, we've had a busy -- we've had a busy couple of weeks, Frank. And it's been amazing actually. It's been some great rallies and I've actually had a lot of fun. And your show is great and we -- we have to make this a tradition, right? It's important to keep it going.

Frank Beckmann: Mr. President, they'll only allow you to run twice so.

Donald Trump: I know. I know.

Frank Beckmann: It'll have to be a different office next time.

Donald Trump: Let's talk about that. We'll talk about that someday, Frank.

Frank Beckmann: Yeah. That'll be -- that'll be absolutely great. How has this campaign, sir, been different for you than the -- than the first one in 2016?

Donald Trump: Well, the first one I had to convince people I would do it and I could do it. And this one we've done so much. It really was easier. But the one negative was we got hit with COVID, which is not our fault. It was China's fault. And we had that, you know, laying over our head. And but I would say that this was overall easier because we've really accomplished a lot.

Donald Trump: We acc -- we accomplished things that nobody thought -- With the tax cuts, the regulation cuts, uh, Space Force. And I mean, that we could -- we could go down a list that's a mile long. And so, we've done a lot and in that way good. Uh, and negative is of course the COVID. You know, it's -- it's sort of a pall over the -- over the country.

Donald Trump: And it's, uh, it's a terrible thing that happened with China. Terrible thing. But we've done very well with it, with the ventilators, and now with the vaccines that are coming out. And -- and really the therapeutics or cures. And, uh, like I -- I -- what I had it I used is Regeneron. It was incredible. And, uh, mortality.

Donald Trump: You know, the mortality, the 85% number, that's incredible, how -- how it's gone down, you know? The -- it's been incredible.

Frank Beckmann: Yeah. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: So, uh, we have -- we've done a good job. But it's -- it's, uh, it's very unfortunate for the whole world because it's a -- Look, what's happening in Europe now with the spike. And very unfortunate for the world, but it's been -- it's been a -- it -- We've had rallies that nobody has ever seen anything like it, Frank.

Donald Trump: It's been great.

Frank Beckmann: Oh, it's remarkable. And, uh, and a lot of those here in Michigan recently where, uh, where people have become, uh, engaged and -- and really, really, uh, anxious to see their President to, uh, in -- in person. And, uh, a buddy, uh, Ted Nugent played the anthem for you the other day, I understand.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Frank Beckmann: That -- that was --

Donald Trump: He was great.

Frank Beckmann: That was amazing.

Donald Trump: What a great guy he is. And, you know, we had, uh, I saw the other night. We had last night in Grand Rapids, we closed it out in Grand Rapids, 'cause being a little superstitious, I figured let's do it the same way. And so, we closed it out and I hear the lines are through the roof today. I hear it's, uh -- Are you hearing that by the way?

Donald Trump: Are you hearing [Crosstalk] --

Frank Beckmann: Oh yes. We -- we're hearing that throughout Michigan, Mr. President. Uh, um, as a fellow who does the morning show, Paul W. Smith was on. And, uh, he was talking to voters about it. And they're all describing, uh, very, very busy, uh, uh, uh -- a very, very busy voting places here, uh, in the metro Detroit region.

Donald Trump: Well, that's supposed to be good for us, right? That's supposed to be good for us. So, we'll see how that is. But, uh, but they say the lines are record setting. They've never seen anything like it. And it's like the rallies, I guess, you know? I mean, when they do a poll and they have a 135 people and they charge a half a million dollars, you know, for a ridiculous poll.

Donald Trump: The -- the real -- the real poll is the fact that 45,000 people show up to a rally. That's a poll. And they walk away loving it. You know, it's, uh, it's really something. So, I think -- and I hope all your listeners, you have so many listeners, I hope your listeners get out and vote. That's really important.

Donald Trump: But, uh, you know, we -- I always say, we will not let this be a socialist nation. We should have learned -- we learned a long time ago it can't be a socialist nation. So, it's one of those things.

Frank Beckmann: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I hope they get out and vote.

Frank Beckmann: Mr. President, I saw there's a -- there's a, uh, campaign sign on one of our freeways, I-75, right around the Eleven Mile Road in Oakland County here. And -- and it is from the Chinese Americans of, uh, uh, of this country. And they say, "We fled socialism. Vote for Trump."

Donald Trump: That's great. I love it.

Frank Beckmann: Uh, and I -- It makes the point so succinctly.

Donald Trump: That's really nice.

Frank Beckmann: Yeah. It's, uh --

Donald Trump: That sounds great. I love that because, you know, they have -- they have had -- you know, not that easy a time because of what happened with China. And it has absolutely nothing to do with them. Or the people of China for that matter, you know? But, uh, that's -- that's a great sign [Inaudible].

Frank Beckmann: All right. Well, I'm -- I'm happy to pass that along. And one final question for you, if I may, Mr. President. Uh, uh, well -- I -- I'd like to get an update on your health, how are you feeling. And then, I -- I'd like to get your, uh, sort of your gut feel on -- on, uh, how this is going to turn out today.

Donald Trump: So, um, my health is really good. You know, I had COVID. And I recovered very quickly, and I think really through the therapies that we developed over the last, you know, we've done a great job with this. But, but I've done a terrible job of public relations because, or, or I have a press that just won't allow it to be, you understand that, you understand that better than anybody, uh, but we've done a great job.

Donald Trump: And, and we've done also really good on the therapies. And the vaccines are coming and, and they're coming very shortly, they're, they're coming right down the road. Uh, but they have already therapeutics. I call it cure because frankly I took one that was unbelieved, the next morning I felt like I was, I joke, I said, I feel like I was superman.

Donald Trump: And, uh, so we're doing very well with it. And, uh, and I say, we're making the turn with, or without vaccines, we're going to have the vaccines that will make it much faster, but we're making the turn and we understand the disease and all of, and, and it's a, I think we're doing really well on that. Um, I think that we're going to do very well.

Donald Trump: I think that we might have a chance. We had 306 last time, it was, it was 223 to 306. And I think we can do even better than that. And, uh, you may be seeing it. But the spirit of people and it's turning out that the, the lines all over the country are so long and they, they're really, you know, Republicans vote.

Donald Trump: They, they didn't build up much of a lead, the, the Democrats, they have to build up that big lead with the ballots, you know, build it up really big, and then in theory, if it's big enough, you can't, you can't catch it, well, they didn't build up a very big lead. And I think we're going to have, we have more people, we, we have such energy, I call it the great red wave and that's what we have.

Donald Trump: It's a great red wave. So I think we're going to be in good shape in, in places that you would least suspect also. So it's going to be big. I hope to beat last time, you know, we were at 306 and let's see if we can beat it.

Frank Beckmann: All right. Uh, w -- where's the surprise state that you just referenced there? You, you really caught my attention with that.

Donald Trump: Well, I think Minnesota could be, uh, because, you know, that hasn't been won since 1972, that's a long time, right?

Frank Beckmann: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And, uh, I think Minnesota could be. I think that's the one Ronald Reagan, he lost one state, right? And I think it was Minnesota, but hasn't been won since 1972. And Minnesota could be a state where it's, you know, between Omar and between, uh, and th -- and the riots and Minneapolis that we put out, we had to come in and put it out.

Donald Trump: We did a good job. I think Minnesota could be, you know, that could happen. And, uh, we have a couple of others, but maybe we'll save them. But I think we're going to have, uh, you know, the most important thing is that we have a great evening and I think we have a chance, real, a really good chance of winning.

Donald Trump: I hope, I hope we're going to win. I, I think, I think we're going to win actually.

Frank Beckmann: All right, Mr. President really appreciate the time this morning. Thank you so much. We're glad you're fully recovered from COVID. And, uh, thank you so much for all you've done for the country, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Frank. And you really have a great show. It's an honor to talk to you and have a good day.

Frank Beckmann: The pleasure is all mine, sir. You have a great day as well. Election Day, 2020 with the President of the United States, the 45th President Donald Trump.