Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-mariano-rivera-baseball-july-23-2020

Mariano Rivera: What does it mean to you, as the President of the United States, to have baseball back?

Donald Trump: Well, especially in this time, where we have the COVID, and we have all of the things going on, and we're opening up our country again. So to have baseball back is so -- even though it's an abbreviated season -- to have baseball back means so much to me, and to the country. It's spirit, it's a spirit. It's a time. It's a special time. Usually it's spring, and that means --

Mariano Rivera: I know.

Donald Trump: -- the nice weather. Here we are. It's even beyond spring. I think it's going to work out really great. I hear there's tremendous interest in watching the games.

Mariano Rivera: Oh yes. Oh yes. A lot, and playing the game of baseball, you know, we know that it's a American pastime. So I mean, a lot of people, families, kids, waiting for the game.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mariano Rivera: So, starting today, tonight.

Donald Trump: It's going to be good.

Mariano Rivera: Starting tonight.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be good. I'll be watching. I'm going to try and watch a little bit, at least. So let me ask you for an audience, big audience. You were the greatest reliever of all time. You got the Presidential Medal of Freedom. In fact, Tiger Woods got it. And you did it right, right after Tiger and great people have it. Great athletes have it. You had a pitch that broke a lot of bats, Mariano.

Mariano Rivera: Yes sir. Yes sir.

Donald Trump: I've watched many sitting with George. Good old George, who's watching you right now, is very proud of you. But sitting with George, and I watch you break more bats. What do you attribute that to, because I've never seen a pitcher do it. They'd get up, and the bat would just shatter. What was that all about?

Mariano Rivera: Well, Mr. President. I attribute that to the Lord. The Lord gave me that great pitch and I learned how to use it. You know, like I said, baseball has been a great, great, sport to America, great sport all over the world, and to me, it has been special. So I mean, I take advantage of it and a baseball hat being amazing.

Mariano Rivera: So having baseball back, it means a lot to me and to the -- to the whole baseball family.

Donald Trump: I think it means so much. When you retired, I remember watching you in that last season, you were really pitching good, and I said, he's good for another three or five years or something, but you could have gone on, don't you think?

Mariano Rivera: Yes, I could have gone on, but Mr. President, but I was away from the family for too long. You know, it was time to be with the family and you know, leaving on -- leaving the game on top, the way I did, it was great. I think it was a good decision that I made.

Donald Trump: Well, one of the most exciting things in sports was an important game, a World Series or a playoff game, and you hear the Sandman playing at Yankee stadium, and this guy walked in, like it was nothing to it, and he just blew them away. My wife, I said to the First Lady, she was asking me, why do they play the Sandman?

Donald Trump: What does it mean? I said, he just put the batters to sleep, right? He just put 'em in, just about every single time.

Mariano Rivera: Sometimes, sometimes I did, but it was good. Mr. President, it was good. Like I said, it's a privilege and honor for me to be here with you in The White House and kicking off the baseball pastime, which is a American pastime, which is baseball, and it's great. You know, tonight we're going to have the Nations and the Yankees.

Donald Trump: Right, that's going to be exciting.

Mariano Rivera: So, we'll see. Those Yankees are ready, Mr. President. Yes

Donald Trump: Yes. I spoke with Randy Lavine. He says the team is going to be great. They're going to have a great season, and they do have a good team and they have some strong hitters. So we'll see what happens.

Mariano Rivera: We'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: But, it's an honor to have you at The White House. You're my friend, and a very special person. Great athlete. Great, great athlete, but a special person.

Mariano Rivera: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mariano Rivera: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it. Thank you everybody very much.