Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-rush-limbaugh-podcast-october-9-2020

Rush Limbaugh: Welcome to the Rush Limbaugh Program. Mr. President, it is a distinct honor and privilege to have you with us, and I want you to do something for me, sir.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Rush Limbaugh: I want you to imagine you have just landed in a gleaming majestic Air Force One to the largest radio rally in history. Instead of thousands cheering as you walk up to the stage, there are millions and millions of patriots out there, right now, anxiously awaiting to hear from you. No doubt they're waving Trump flags, wearing their bright red MAGA hats, proudly.

Rush Limbaugh: This, sir, is a MAGA -- MAGA, rally and we are all thrilled to be with you, today. We are so glad you're doing better, and welcome to the EIB network.

Donald Trump: Well, I want to thank you, Rush, you're a fantastic man, a friend of mine, but before I really even knew you as a friend, you were like a supporter. And I said, I know that guy, he's got a big audience. But, uh, I never even knew the importance of what you do and what you say. And now I do very well and it keeps us all in the game.

Donald Trump: And we just got great polls out of, and you probably heard, out of Arizona. We're getting them out of Nevada, you know, the real polls, not the fake polls. We're getting them out of North Carolina, looking really good. I think Pennsylvania is looking good. Florida is looking great. It's all a big phony deal they have going, Rush, and we're going to win this.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be a bigger win than we had, four years ago.

Rush Limbaugh: Oh, that would be great. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- Great polls.

Rush Limbaugh: I have to tell you, from -- from the moment that your appearance was announced, we have -- we've received -- we've never had a response like this, sir, and I'm in my 32nd year. We have never had a response, like we've had thousands and thousands of questions and comments for you. You are -- I hope, you know, how deeply loved you are by so many Americans who have invested their hopes and prayers for this country in you.

Rush Limbaugh: They want to see you in the White House for War for four more years. And I'll tell you what I want. I want them to get to know you as I do. I want to get -- I want -- I want them to know that Donald Trump that I know. You are one of the strongest, the most unwavering, the most determined loyal people I've ever met.

Rush Limbaugh: But you care deeply about the country, you care about everybody and it's -- it's -- it's a -- it's just a breathtaking thing. The difference in you as portrayed in the media and who you really are is breathtaking. And today, I want people to get to know that Donald Trump that I know.

Donald Trump: Well, I appreciate it and, you know, when you suggested this, I immediately jumped on it because your audience is -- is the biggest. I mean it's just incredible. And we have some great friends in Sean Hannity and so many others and, you know, Mark, and so many, so many people are so great to us. But -- but we have so many people that are so untruthful.

Donald Trump: And the biggest thing, the one thing I haven't figured out is why. If we say we're going to create a strong military and protect, we're going to create a strong economy, like, we've never had an economy prior to the plague. And now we're building it up again stronger than before. Watch, it's going to be stronger than before.

Donald Trump: We're almost at record stock market. Nobody can believe that in the -- we're rounding the turn on the pandemic. And I'll have something to say about that because I'm telling you, we have a cure, more than just a therapeutic, we have a cure. But so many things that we've done and, you know, no matter what you do, they -- they are, they try and find fault.

Donald Trump: And not only fault, vicious, they're vicious people. And you say, why wouldn't they want to have good education, a good military, a strong economy, safety, security? Why would they want to live like they live in Portland and where they just allow these agitators and anarchists to run the streets? Why would they want that?

Donald Trump: That's the only thing I haven't figured out. Why would they ? And why would these big companies like Comcast, I call it Comcast, it's Comcast, but I call it Concast because it's a con job that's; NBC, mostly. But if you look at that, or CNN, which is so pathetic, why would they do that? Why would they -- why would they want to have a country that's in turmoil because they created -- the fake news is the worst thing we have going?

Donald Trump: You know the Lamestream, I call it the Lamestream media, but you'd think that they'd want to see great education, great country, great security, strong military. They don't want to see you responsible for it. They don't. It's a crazy thing, Rush, it's the one thing I've -- I've never quite figured it out, you know, and they become less wealthy.

Donald Trump: You know, to a large extent, they become less wealthy, and they're willing to give up their wealth in order to see the country go to Hell. I don't -- someday when you figure that out, you're going to let me know.

Rush Limbaugh: OK, I'll tell you, I'll tell you today, I know exactly what this is. But before, you know, we've got a lot of questions for you from, uh, from members of the audience. And before we dive into those, you know, I need to ask you something that I've -- I've not really had a chance to ask you, prior. Before you did this, before 2015 when you came down the escalator and announced your candidacy, you had -- you had a storybook life.

Rush Limbaugh: You had an absolutely fabulous life. You had a life that anybody would aspire to. You were very successful. You were happy, you were a -- a media darling. They loved you back then. Why did you decide to run for president and put up with the day in and day out maligning that you'll get because you did not have to do this?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, it's such a great question. And I do it again, even though it's far worse. I never thought I'd be involved with the Russia hoax or a Ukraine hoax or be impeached because I made a phone call congratulating somebody that I never met to or, you know, or spoke to on becoming the president of Ukraine.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, you get impeached and it was a perfect phone call. You know, a letter that we actually -- fortunately, we had a transcribed because they made up the phone call. They said it was totally different. Fortunately, or maybe I wouldn't be talking to you right now in this capacity at least, fortunately, we had it transcribed.

Donald Trump: It was transcribed, the exact call. If we didn't, they would have, uh, you know, you know what Schiff said. He stood up before Congress, he repeated my call. It had no bearing on what I said. It was a perfect phone call, and I got impeached over it. I never knew it would be so unpleasant, but nobody has done more in the last three and a half years, as president, in the first three and a half years that I have.

Donald Trump: Nobody -- I mean, if you look at rebuilding the military and the economy and the best employment numbers we've ever had and we've cut regulations to a point that's so incredible nobody's ever seen. If you look at Veterans Choice in the VA, accountability, you know, we had people in the VA that would beat up our veterans and beat them up, badly.

Donald Trump: You know, they're -- they're infirm, they're not -- well, they're not feeling well. And they -- you had these animals in there that would beat them up. We couldn't do anything about them. Now, with accountability, you have to account and we fire them and worse, we get rid of them. And our vets have a 91 percent approval rating, the highest we've ever had in the VA. You don't hear those bad stories about the VA anymore like you used to, and now they get immediate doctor attention if they have to wait on line.

Donald Trump: I mean, but -- but that's so many, so many different things. Right to try, where they can try medicines. And I mean, I can sort of give you an example of that with the COVID because I was -- I was in not great shape and we have a medicine that -- that healed me, that fixed me. It's a great medicine. And had I not gotten it, Rush, it would have been in line for another year probably before they brought it out.

Donald Trump: Great company, two great companies actually make it to, you know, make very similar things, but they both work equally well and we're going to send it. We're already sending it. It's starting, the process is hundreds of thousands of vials are being sent to the hospitals all over the country. People are going to get immediately better, like I did.

Donald Trump: I mean, I feel better now than I did two weeks ago. It's crazy. And I recovered immediately almost immediately. I might not have recovered at all from COVID. So it's -- to me, it's the biggest story, but the press doesn't even want to report that. You know, they talk about the vaccines. And the vaccines are very important, Rush, but this is more important because we can go into hospitals and clean out the hospitals, literally, with people that -- the vaccines are very important.

Donald Trump: It's a different stage.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, yeah, this is the antibodies that you've -- well, you're seeing a --

Donald Trump: -- This is the antibody, This is the antibody, and Regeneron, it's -- it's the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen. And I had a meeting with doctors today. You know, it's always the good thing about when you're president, 11 doctors show up, and they're all the head of Johns Hopkins and this and that.

Donald Trump: They're great people.

Donald Trump: But Walter Reed is an incredible place. And these 11 guys came in today, they -- they showed me stats, it's amazing. I don't know that I would have -- I don't know that I -- you know, I was not in the greatest of shape. A day later, I was fine, maybe perfect, but I was fine. But a couple of days later, now I'm -- I'm free, I'm, you know, I feel perfect.

Donald Trump: I have No, I'm not taking anything. You know, I'm off any regiment that they gave me, but it was primarily this one drug. And we're sending that and the Eli Lilly version of it, which is very similar. We're sending that to all of our hospitals. We're going to get people better; we got to get it there fast.

Donald Trump: That's why I'm doing an emergency use authorization. I got to get them to approve it, really fast, but I gave them my numbers to put in with the other numbers that they already have, which are very good, excellent. And it's, you know, it's the most amazing thing. And it's not Remdesivir, maybe that helps a little bit, but Remdesivir is not the same thing.

Donald Trump: This is stuff that is so good. It just wiped out the virus, it wiped it out.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, I'll tell you, we're so happy that to hear --

Donald Trump: It's a big story to me.

Rush Limbaugh: It was scary when we heard that that you had tested positive, given your demographics. You know, you were right there in the -- in the number one target area for people that have trouble with this. And it's -- so you sound -- you sound great. I've been -- I've been reading that you got a hacking cough and that your voice is hoarse and you can't -- you sound perfectly normal to me.

Donald Trump: Well, there's always that little, you know, that little lingering thing for a couple of days, but no, I have -- I have a -- my voice is now perfect. I mean, for a couple of days, you know, you have -- it's called the lingering thing if you have a -- if you have hay fever, if you have something, you have that, too, a little bit.

Donald Trump: But no, it's -- this is the most amazing thing that's happened. And I was asking the doctors today, 11 -- 11 guys, great people, you know, the heads of the biggest hospitals have. It's amazing. I guess the president has a lot of power, but everybody shows up. What do you do? I'm the head of Johns Hopkins or I'm the head of, you know, it's always like.

Donald Trump: But they're very brilliant people. And I said, how bad was I ? They said, you could have been very bad. You were going into a very bad phase. And so, it wasn't like it was just going to like with -- with the kids where they get it and they get sniffles and they're better two days later, right? This looks like it was going to be a big deal.

Donald Trump: d And -- and, you know, what that means, right. That means bad because I've lost five people, at least five people that were friends of mine, one in particular, like an incredible guy who went in there, went into the hospital, he was dead within three days. And -- and I'm just saying that we have something that will cure this now, and cure.

Donald Trump: And without us, without Trump Administration, this would never have happened. We poured money into these cures and we poured money into the vaccines. And the vaccines are coming along great, Rush. I mean, the vaccines, Johnson and Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer, they're all coming along great, a little bit political.

Donald Trump: You know, they're afraid it's going to go too fast and I'll get credit for it, before the election.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, that's another thing I wanted to -- you know, Mr. President, you -- you have been forced, because of media coverage, to tout your own successes. You have been forced to tell, like you just did in the past five minutes here. And it -- it rubs some people the wrong way. They think you're bragging, they think that you're insecure that you need to -- constantly.

Rush Limbaugh: Would you explain to people why you find it necessary to tout your successes, rather than let somebody in the White House or a PR type operation do it for you? Why do you find it necessary to do it yourself?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, it's such a great question, and most people can't understand it. Uh, as an example, I was nominated for two Nobel Peace Prizes.

Rush Limbaugh: Three, three, now three, now. Some guy from Italy has nominated you.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good. Well, it won't be written about. When Obama got it, it was the biggest story. I remember very well. He didn't even know why he got it. Got it over some --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Well, he got his on the come, he got his on the come, he hadn't even done anything yet.

Donald Trump: Right, he didn't know, he couldn't explain why he got it, but I can, and one is Middle East peace without any blood, OK? And by the way, countries are lining up. The other is, if you look at Kosovo and Serbia, they've been killing each other forever. And I got them to be peace and, you know, good stuff. And then I just heard about the third.

Donald Trump: Nobody even -- it wasn't even on the news, OK? You know, I joke about it in speeches, sometimes, I'll joke about it. I say, I tell my wife, let's watch tonight. It'll be a wonderful night and they don't -- they don't even cover it. They don't cover any good stuff with me. Anything that's good, they don't cover.

Donald Trump: Anything that's OK, or -- or bad, I mean, they're -- bad, they make it sound like, you know, like let's do the electric chair thing. But it is the most dishonest, the media are the most dishonest people I've ever met. And that's why I go back to the original. I just don't know why. I mean, they can't hate somebody so much, but I guess they do. But they do it with Republican conservatives.

Donald Trump: I mean you've had it before I came along and -- but never to the -- I don't think never to this extent. You know, they say that Newt Gingrich, they said that, uh, the one that got worse than me was Abraham Lincoln. I said I disagree. They say Abraham Lincoln was just decimated by the press. I said maybe he was, but it couldn't be worse.

Donald Trump: If I do something good, they make it look bad. If I do something, OK, they make it look like horrible, horrible. And the reason I talk, and I say it, you might as well talk about it yourself because nobody else will. If I give it to our very good people, Kaylee, and, you know, we have a lot of good people at the White House.

Donald Trump: If I give it to them to go out, they won't even -- they won't report it. And did you ever see the way the press, the hostility of the press, the way they scream at these very nice people? They'll make just an ordinary statement and they'll start screaming, like a bunch of maniacs; the media.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, there are reasons for it.

Donald Trump: It's just incredible.

Rush Limbaugh: Let me tell you one of the reasons, and it's --

Donald Trump: They are sick, you know, it's crazy. Go ahead.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, they are -- they're, you know, in a way, they are. I think they have been poisoned, to an extent. I mean this folks, poisoned by their -- their own hatred. Here's -- this is not the original reason, but we're into four years now that they have tried everything they know to get rid of you. And not a single thing, not a single weapon has worked.

Rush Limbaugh: These people, if they want to, Mr. President -- and Newt's an example. They're able to take out Sarah Palins and they're able to take out and destroy any Republican they choose. It took them seven years to finally ruin George W Bush and his reputation, the war in Iraq. But they did it, they got his approval numbers down to the 30s. You, in Zogby today, are still at 51. They haven't landed a dent, sir.

Rush Limbaugh: They have not taken you off of your agenda. They've not -- they've -- they've maybe distracted you for now and then, but they haven't stopped you. They can't believe it. They're throwing everything. And so, they are doubling down on doing whatever they can to try to get rid of you, just to prove that they can.

Rush Limbaugh: And it's frustrating as heck that they haven't been able to. It's an amazing thing. And I'm like you. I've watched this coverage and I asked me, how many of the American people realize, without being, told how basically dishonest and unfair this all is? And you -- you -- you hope that a majority of Americans see it for what it is and react, accordingly.

Rush Limbaugh: But I tell you, it's -- it's -- it's that and the fact that you're an outsider, they never thought you were going to win. They didn't even think you wanted to win. They thought you were engaged in a PR stunt in the first place.

Donald Trump: Which is false.

Rush Limbaugh: Then you're also implementing policies, sir, that they detest. Your agenda is a small government -- well, it was before the pandemic hit. Your agenda is basically, uh, pro freedom, pro-liberty, pro the American citizen first. You want to make America -- can you believe, "Make America Great Again" is controversial.

Rush Limbaugh: Who in the world could find a problem with that These sick people have found a way to make America great again, is reason to destroy you. It doesn't make any sense.

Donald Trump: Well, Rush, remember how big the wall was? Everything was the wall, the wall, the wall. And it got bigger and bigger because they figured there was no way to get it financed because it's a massive -- you know, it's thousands, a month. The whole thing is it's a massive project. It's one of the biggest -- it's actually one of the biggest projects, government projects ever.

Donald Trump: Anyway, so we're building the wall, we're up to 380 miles of wall, had a huge impact. Nobody gets through this wall. This wall is everything the Border Patrol wanted. I built it, exactly. I didn't even agree with them on certain parts of it, but I think they were right. They had to have see-through, they had to have this, they had to have that.

Donald Trump: They have -- it's lined up with all sorts of wires and everything you can imagine. It is the best, OK, it's the -- it's the best. And it's had an impact that you wouldn't believe. And nobody thought I was going to get it done. Now it's almost completed. It'll be completed toward the end of the year, very soon, and it'll be about 535 miles.

Donald Trump: We may even extend it beyond that but, you know, you have a lot of natural barriers, uh, rivers and mountains and other things that really do a pretty good job. But we're going to have it finished, very soon. You don't even hear about it anymore, and you don't hear about how great the border numbers are.

Donald Trump: You know, people, today -- I ended catch and release which was not easy because I had to go through the Democrats. But I ended, you know, you used to catch somebody and they'd release them into our country, and they'd come back four years later. But nobody would ever come back for a court case. It was the craziest thing.

Donald Trump: You'd catch somebody, even a murderer, and then you'd release them into our country. And then you'd say, you have to be back here in two and a half years to go to trial, and nobody would come back. Only the very dumbest would come back, OK. And that was about 1 percent. No, that was about 1 percent, And it was crazy; catch and release.

Donald Trump: I mean, you know, there were many programs like that. We got rid of most of them, and it's not easy to get rid of them. You know, you had to go through all sorts of hoops, but I got rid of catch and release. We have a very good border now. Now, only people that come in legally are coming in, you know, we have a -- well, the wall made a tremendous difference.

Donald Trump: But you notice, you never hear about the wall, anymore.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, not only that, not only -- there have been two debates, sir and in both those debates, your first in the vice presidential debate, there have been two areas that have never been explored, not one question asked about. One's gun control, a Second Amendment; the other is immigration, right? And that's -- that's -- those are two strong areas of yours where the American people are with you by a massive majority support number.

Rush Limbaugh: So they're not even being brought up.

Donald Trump: They don't talk about immigration -- and we have immigration down really good. In fact, I was going to do an immigration bill. I have it all done. And then my guy said, why bring it up, sir, you have the same policies that you're already implementing and you've -- you've, you know, why should you go through the controversy of it? I mean, we have a great -- the people that wanted the wall generally love what I've done.

Donald Trump: I mean, because what we've done and immigration, generally, we've got a couple of hardliners out there, you know, friends of yours. But -- but the people that wanted the wall, I've done far more than I thought -- our immigration now because it wasn't just the wall was the wall, but we had to cut a lot of these crazy things out.

Donald Trump: I mean, you have chain migration where somebody comes in illegally. We have -- we have a killer who killed eight people on the West Side Highway, ran over eight people, a, you know, a terrorist, jihadist. Came in through the southern border and through chain migration, the chain, he brings in his mother, his father, his grandmother, his aunts, his brothers, his uncles.

Donald Trump: He brings in all these people, and I say wait a minute. And what we've done is incredible on immigration. You know, think of it, you have killers that come in and because of chain migration, they're allowed to bring other people in.

Rush Limbaugh: Right, that's why they're not asking you about this.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk to me about it. You know, so many things, like sanctuary cities, you know, the people in California hate sanctuary cities. I don't know where it gets its political stamina because the people in California, they see me all the time. I think we'll do well in California. I mean, you know, in theory, you don't win California because everybody likes to vote three times, OK, if you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you ever saw the list.

Rush Limbaugh: We're going to get into that later in the program.

Donald Trump: The whole thing is crazy, but the people, they want to vote. They vote numerous times, numerous times, and it's disgraceful. But the people in California, they don't like sanctuary cities. What are you doing with sanctuary cities? You're protecting criminals. Who wants that? And I've had so many people, liberal friends of mine from California.

Donald Trump: We'd love to get rid of sanctuary cities. Where that thug from, as you know, Kate's Law, remember, Kate's Law, which has been, you know, we tried like hell to get it passed, but we had the, you know, we left the filibuster, OK. We should have, you know, gotten rid of the filibuster, only because I said -- Schumer's going to do it. I told Mitch, I said Mitch -- I get along great with Mitch.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest success in history on judges. We'll be up to 300 judges and two Supreme Court judges, and now three. Hopefully that will go quickly. I think she's going to go very quickly. So I have three Supreme Court justices, but in the first term, that's never happened before. But I said the problem is, Mitch, as soon as the Democrats do get in, you know, at some point they guess they get in, they will blow up the filibuster.

Donald Trump: They'll -- they'll go nuclear, as you know, and that'll be the end of the filibuster, and they'll approve stuff left, you know, left and right, 50 percent, they'll go left and right. And that's the problem I had with it. It's not that they're not right. They did it the right way. Harry Reid, we got lucky because Harry Reid thought that Hillary was going to win.

Donald Trump: And she knocked out the -- he knocked out the filibuster for the judges. Otherwise, I wouldn't have 300 judges, I'd have two judges.

Rush Limbaugh: They all thought Hillary was going to win, and that's another reason why you remain so despised and hated. And you know, it's not -- it's not you, per se. I mean, some of it is, it's just the fact that you came along and totally upended their grand plans for globalism, changing the way our nation's affairs are run and organized.

Rush Limbaugh: You really just upset the apple cart in ways they never dreamed possible. They thought the Hillary Administration was going to be Obama's third term, and you've just totally thrown them upside down. This leads me to another thing. I go back and I compare the 2016 campaign and at that point, you don't have a record.

Rush Limbaugh: You are running for president, but you don't have a record and you're having so much fun out there. Every -- you can tell every rally, every appearance, every press encounter you have is -- is just loads of fun. Now, you've got three and a half years in, almost four. You've got a record that just infuriates the Democrats and the media, which are one and the same, and is it as much fun for you now?

Rush Limbaugh: Is it the whole idea of campaigning? Because now, the frustration, I can hear the frustration, you have a great record. Your sense of achievement and accomplishment is -- is incredible, and you have to be the one to tout it, and it's got to be frustrating for you.

Donald Trump: So it's such an interesting question because I have done more. You know, we have a list of things that we've done, just go down the list. Even Space Force, that's a big deal, you know, first in 75 years, right? A new branch of the United States military. That by itself is an achievement that you could just do that and you've had a successful thing.

Donald Trump: Space Force, it's think of it, you know, the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard. We have Space Force and that's a big deal, and it's going to be very important, especially as the future, you know, as it goes, maybe the most important. But so many things I've done and you don't -- it's incredible, people are -- you have to sell it yourself because they don't want to talk about it. You don't hear anything about Space Force.

Donald Trump: You know how big a deal that is. You don't hear about any of this stuff. They don't want to talk about it. But I'll tell you the amazing thing. The one thing I really have learned, the people of our country are smarter than the people that cover them because they get it. How can I be in a position where I'm leading in a lot of states?

Donald Trump: I mean, don't believe these fake polls, these fake polls, I don't know if you ever look at them. I don't even know why they have to put it down. I think there's a legal reason, but they put down where they interviewed 18 percent more Democrats than Republicans; Trump is losing by five. Do you understand what I mean?

Rush Limbaugh: Absolutely, I see these all the time.

Donald Trump: I don't -- I still don't know why. You know they -- I think there's a legal reason because they always say who they interviewed. But when you look down at what they call the tabs, it said, one of them said 18 percent more Democrats, another one said 14 percent. Well, let's assume the Democrats are going to vote for, you know, Sleepy Joe, and which is ridiculous because Joe shouldn't be a candidate.

Donald Trump: Joe shouldn't, Joe's in no condition to be a candidate.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, you know --

Donald Trump: -- We can say it nicely or we can say it badly. The 25th amendment that crazy Nancy is playing around, she's gone crazy, she's a nut job. But this -- this 25th amendment, I think they put it in so they can get Kamala in, replace Joe.

Rush Limbaugh: Exactly, that's exactly what it is. It's a trial run to see if they can kick Biden out of it. That's exactly right, sir. It's exactly -- it's not aimed at you.

Donald Trump: That was the first thing I thought of. And by the way, the Republicans have been really very good to me. One thing the Republicans have to do though, they have to get tougher. We have some great ones; you know that Jim Jordan and Meadows has been great. A lot of them, a lot of them have been great, but -- but the Republicans have to get tougher.

Donald Trump: The Democrats play a much dirtier game. They don't, you know, like -- like impeaching on a phone call. Never forget, sir, did you call the President of Ukraine? Yeah, I did. Why? Just to congratulate. I had five guys begging me to call him to congratulate. I never met him before, you know, what do I care.

Rush Limbaugh: Right.

Donald Trump: So they said, Did you call the president? Yes, well, uh, what did you say? I said, I don't know, a couple of months ago, I called him to congratulate him because he became president. Why, what's the matter? Sir, they want to impeach you for that call. I said, impeach me for the call? Impeach me for something, but you can't impeach me; what did I do? I said, congratulations.

Donald Trump: It's -- It's unbelievable. You know, by the way, when they found out, they believed the Schiff version of the call, which he made up, standing in front of Congress.

Rush Limbaugh: I saw that.

Donald Trump: Schiff is a real crook. He made it up, you know, he said eight times, quid pro quo. Think of what eight times is. That would mean eight times you've asked for something illegal on a call, right. Think of what that means. The person on the other side of the call, if you -- if you did it once, maybe, twice, maybe.

Donald Trump: If you did it eight times, they think you're certifiably insane, right? So Schiff made up the call and I said, well, there's nothing wrong with the call. We actually took the call, because we had the transcript. Fortunately, we didn't have a transcript, I don't know, it would have been my word against a lot of -- a lot of these crooked people.

Donald Trump: But if we -- I actually sent it to the Department of Justice to some division and they called up, they said to my people, OK, so what are we looking for here? In other words, you know, these are guys that look at drug deals and murders and -- and they're going like, OK, explain to us what are we supposed to -- in other words, after having read the call, they're saying what the hell is wrong with this thing, right?

Donald Trump: They impeached me. Uh, so you have to be -- they are meaner. And they are -- but they have bad policy, open borders, sanctuary cities, high taxes.

Rush Limbaugh: Let me try to simplify this. You know, one of the things I've tried to do, learned to do over the course of years is to make the complex understandable. I think this election, sir, is really simple to explain, particularly people who are undecided, and I don't know how many of those there are. I frankly don't know how you can't be decided by them.

Rush Limbaugh: But this -- this election is really -- it boils down to two propositions. One is it's between a man, you, who believes America is good and decent and great, against people -- against people who are behind Joe Biden, who think America isn't good. They think America is unjust and immoral from the days of our founding, and they are trying to undermine and transform this country, as founded.

Rush Limbaugh: And that's why you are undermined, and that's why your successes are hidden, that's why your successes are distorted and lied about. It's no more complicated than that. If folks, if you love this country, if you love America, the America you think exists, you don't have a choice in this election, your only choice is President Trump.

Rush Limbaugh: If you don't support President Trump here, you are going to end up facilitating the transformation of America into a country it was never intended to be. You're going to have $13 a gallon gasoline with the Green New Deal. You're going to have so much disruption in your life that you can't possibly imagine.

Rush Limbaugh: And don't doubt me, they're not going to be honest with you about this, but that's really what this is about. You are good, you believe America is good. You believe America is great, you want to keep it that way and you want to solidify it, and you want America's greatness to be enshrined and empowered for decades, beyond you.

Donald Trump: And America has great potential, too, because any shortcomings, we can solve those shortcomings, but they're going to make them much shorter. I mean, America has tremendous potential. When you look at what we've done with energy and they want to take that advantage away and give it to these other countries that are going to always have energy.

Donald Trump: When you look at the environment, I'm very important, I love the environment. The environment, I want clean air, I want clean water, I want, you know. And by the way --

Rush Limbaugh: -- You shouldn't even have to say that. You shouldn't have to say everybody wants clean water. The fact that they're out there claiming you want dirty water and dirty -- you shouldn't even have to say you like clean water. It's outrageous.

Donald Trump: It's unbelievable. Yeah, like the forest fires in California, if we had forest management, you wouldn't have any forest fires. You know, in Europe, you go there, they live -- they have forest nations. They call them Austria, different places. They don't have the woods burning down. Their trees are more explosive than ours, meaning, explosive from potential fire.

Donald Trump: They have trees and they have, you know, they maintain their forests and they put cuts in between so they have a fire, it doesn't burn down a half a million acres. They -- they do it properly. Our people don't do that. And then we talk about, you know, they want our air clean, but they don't talk about China, Russia, India, these other countries where the pollution is massive going up. So we have a clean spot on a massive planet.

Donald Trump: We have a clean spot, which is a small percentage of the -- of the planet, a very small percentage of the planet. And then China is spewing crap and Russia and -- and all of these other -- India. And did you ever see what they dump into the ocean that floats into California?

Rush Limbaugh: Yeah, that's exactly -- exactly right, folks.

Donald Trump: It's unbelievable, and up cleaning it up. And then they say, well, you know, the environment, the environment. It's -- I could tell you, I could tell you hundreds of stories. You know, a lot of what you and I talk about is really based on common sense. You know, people say are you a conservative, I say no, I'm -- I'm --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Based on common sense and love, love of and for country and people.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's true. It's very true.

Rush Limbaugh: Now, I got to get to some questions. We've had, you know, I'll tell you something, sir, when we went through the questions and literally, I'm telling you, I've never had a response like you generated when your appearance was announced. It's the most amazing thing, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, I think you're going to see that.

Rush Limbaugh: You know what --

Donald Trump: -- I think you're going to see that, come November 3rd and a little before that because our people don't want to send in these fake ballots that are being fraudulent, fraudulently made all over the place.

Rush Limbaugh: We're going to get into that, but, you know what? Yeah, I think you're going to see it. Probably one of the most mentioned topics in the questions was healthcare. People are scared. Let me give you a sample question. Dear President Trump -- this is a woman in Massachusetts named Kathy. I'm glad that you and the First Lady are recovering from COVID.

Rush Limbaugh: So happy you are our president.

Rush Limbaugh: Thank you for all you do to defend us. My question is about healthcare and preexisting conditions are very important to me and a lot of Americans. I believe you said preexisting conditions will be covered in your healthcare plan. But please, could you explain this a little more because there are a lot of people saying that you're not going to cover preexisting conditions, and you need to get your message out since this, the Democrats are trying to malign you on, this and we need to know.

Rush Limbaugh: Preexisting conditions are a big deal. Does your plan cover them?

Donald Trump: So the Democrats are vicious and they lie. And what they do is, as an example, healthcare and other things. They have me standing at a grave of a beautiful soldier in an old cemetery, magnificent cemetery. And nobody respects soldiers more than I do, especially whether you're talking about live soldiers or soldiers that gave their lives.

Donald Trump: And they have a source, say, these are suckers and losers. This was for a magazine that's third rate, you know, super liberal Obama magazine. And it's a quote. They took that quote from one source. I have 25 people that verbally that, you know, on the record said that was never said. Who would ever say that?

Donald Trump: Only an animal would say that. I don't know, I know some very bad people, nobody do I know that would say a thing like that. They put it in ads, they make it like I said it. I never said -- just the opposite. I've taken care of the military better than anybody. They do the same thing with healthcare. They will make up a statement that's so bad.

Donald Trump: Now preexisting conditions, I'm totally for it, but I'm against Obamacare because Obamacare is too expensive. I already got rid of the individual mandate, which was the worst part of Obamacare. That's where you had to pay a fortune for the privilege of not paying for bad health insurance. You understand that, right.

Rush Limbaugh: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: So I got rid of it. That was -- and I got rid of it through the law. I got rid of it in our tax decrease. We got a tax -- the biggest tax decrease in the history of our country. We would have never been able to build up the economy, if we didn't get that. But one of the things I got in there, I got rid of the individual mandate.

Donald Trump: And what I want to do is -- and we're fighting to terminate, it's sort of I have terminated Obamacare because once you get rid of the individual mandate, it's no longer Obamacare. But I had a choice to make, Russia, it was a big choice. Do I maintain Obamacare, the remnants of Obamacare after the -- the, you know, the mandate?

Donald Trump: Do I maintain it well, or do I run it badly? I could have done it either way. I have very good people over there, Alex Azar and Seema, the whole group. I said, you know what, we got to run it as well as it can be run. I have no choice. I could have run it really badly and made everybody angry, but I didn't do that.

Donald Trump: I ran it really well. Knowing that it's run really well, it's still no good. You know, It's still not good. It's much better than when they ran it. They couldn't even do -- remember, they spent $50 million, $5 billion on a server, if you remember, they couldn't get the server right.

Rush Limbaugh: I do remember. I do remember, but there still is this confusion about preexisting conditions out there and it's -- you know, it's a -- it's a frustrating thing because it's not even -- it's not even the correct title for what the plan does, but that's what people think. And so, that's how you have to deal with it.

Donald Trump: It's correct, but what I -- what they do is they love to say that I'm going to get rid of preexisting conditions. No, I want to terminate Obamacare and then come up with a great -- and we have it, come up with a great healthcare plan that's much less expensive and does include people with preexisting conditions.

Donald Trump: That's what I want to do. Now, they'll also say about Social Security.

Rush Limbaugh: But you need a Republican Senate for that and you need a Republican House for that.

Donald Trump: That right. In order to do that, in order -- well, what will happen is if we win, the Democrats will do something to help get healthcare. I mean, they're going to come along because they have no choice. They're going to come along. They have no choice. I will say one thing. You know, we talk about unity because I'd like to see the country come together.

Donald Trump: It's not as easy as people think, but just prior to the plague coming in from China, when the plague came in from China, people were calling. We had the lowest unemployment we've ever had. We had the best employment; we were up to 160 million people employed. We never were even close. Everybody had a job.

Donald Trump: Everybody --

Rush Limbaugh: -- We had the lowest African-American unemployment in history, since records have been kept.

Donald Trump: That's right, Rush. So we had the best numbers, ever. We had the highest stock market, although I tell you we're -- we're inches away, right now, for people's 401(k)s, if they held on to their stocks. They're very -- they're very wealthy right now, and our economy is doing really amazing. I mean, considering that we're in the -- you know, this pandemic thing sent to us by China.

Donald Trump: But if you look at what we've done, and people were calling me, Rush, in terms of bringing our country together, that I really had never heard from, before. In other words, they were not interested and they were saying, like let's start getting together. It was coming together. Success was bringing our country together.

Donald Trump: And then we got hit by the China plague. But success, Rush, even you might be surprised to hear that people that you would have said, no way, were calling and saying can we get together. And it was coming together because success -- and I've always said success will bring us together. Our military is strong.

Donald Trump: When I took over, we had no ammunition. We had a case where a general, a certain general, highly overrated general told me we have no ammunition. And I said, what are you talking about? I say, no president should ever be told that again. Now we have so much ammunition.

Rush Limbaugh: I heard you say that. I was frankly surprised that we were low on ammo. I mean, I don't think I've ever heard that before.

Donald Trump: We had -- he said, sir, we have no ammunition, OK. And I said, keep that very quiet, and then we started building up. And now we have new rockets, new missiles. We have stuff the likes of which nobody -- Russia dreams of the stuff that we have. China dreams of the Stuff that we have. Rush. and we can't talk about it and we shouldn't talk about it. We have things that.

Donald Trump: and hope to God we never have to use it. Our nuclear is all tippy top now. and you don't want to even say it. You know, we have no choice but to say it. We were so far behind. They -- if you look, I call them O-Biden, Obama and Biden, what they did to our military was, it just was horrible.

Rush Limbaugh: And economy. I mean, they were telling everybody that we need to adapt our expectations to a new era of decline.

Donald Trump: That's right, no manufacturing.

Rush Limbaugh: America's best days are behind us. I mean, it was outrageous and, you know, GDP 1.5 percent max every year.

Donald Trump: Right. No, we were -- we were. But it was coming together, Rush, and I'm telling you, and you -- you would be a skeptic maybe almost more than anybody.

Rush Limbaugh: I know it was coming together; I am a sceptic.

Donald Trump: People were coming together for the first time, for the first time.

Rush Limbaugh: I am a skeptic on this, believe me, more than you know.

Donald Trump: I think so that's true.

Rush Limbaugh: I got another question for you. Mr. President -- this is Marion, Missouri. This is our second most mentioned topic that people want to hear you address. Mr. President, drives me crazy that the Democrats can call all of us out here racist and sexist just because we don't agree with them. It's the easiest thing in the world to call somebody racist because nobody wants to be racist or anti-anything, and we aren't racist.

Rush Limbaugh: Why do did Democrats get away with it, sir, and how do Republicans say enough is enough? We are tired of being called evil racists when all we want is for all Americans to be free. They have the blessed opportunity this Constitution and country offers everybody. We want a healthy and safe future and we love everybody.

Rush Limbaugh: How do we deal with this, sir? How do we finally shut this down? What would you tell her?

Donald Trump: I've watched this for a long time. I've had it. I've probably been a victim of it, you and I, and a couple of others, more than anybody, and -- and we're just the opposite. When they give up, when we're beating them, they have nothing else to fall back on but the word racist. And that's always -- that means that when you're winning and you're just knocking the hell out of them, they have nothing else to say, they call you a racist, and this has been going on for decades.

Donald Trump: I don't know that you're going to stop it, but people are wise to it and people are rolling their eyes, now. They're rolling their eyes. It is just an incredible thing. The way they use the -- the race war, the racist word is just is actually disgusting. I was asked by Chris Wallace, who's third rate, I was asked by him -- he was protecting Biden the other night.

Donald Trump: It was pathetic. I couldn't even ask him, why did you get $3.5 million from the mayor of -- the mayor's wife of Moscow, right? Why did you say $1 billion, unless you get rid of the prosecutor, and then you give him the billion dollars. And Chris Wallace was, and he was choking like a dog, he wasn't able to answer.

Donald Trump: And Chris Wallace would go in and save him every time. That whole thing was disgraceful.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, you know what we're going to do? today, You know what we're going to do? We're going to give you a chance to actually respond to Joe Biden because you're right, the moderators of these debates are never asking Biden to explain himself. What did you mean by that, sir? They're not asking you to explain, Biden?

Rush Limbaugh: They're asking you to explain you. So I have some Joe Biden soundbites here, anywhere from 13 to 17 seconds, that no moderator will ever ask you to respond to and as such, the American people don't know that he has said these things.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah.

Rush Limbaugh: Let's -- let's -- let's try one. OK.

Donald Trump: Okay, go.

Rush Limbaugh: This -- this is from December 30th, 2019. Uh, and he's in Derry, New Hampshire, telling coal miners to forget coal mining and learn how to code.

Joe Biden: Anybody could go down 300 to 3000 feet in a mine, sure as hell can learn how to program, as well. Give me a break. Anybody who can throw coal into a furnace can learn how to program for God's sake.

Rush Limbaugh: Here he is putting down coal miners. You never get asked about it. You never hear these soundbites anywhere in the media. What do you think of that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's terrible. And you could look at so many other things. Look at fracking. He went for a whole year saying no way they'll be fracking, mark my words, there will not be fracking. and so did, uh, Kamala. You know Kamala, she's another great one. Uh, and they talk about fracking.

Rush Limbaugh: She should have listen to Willie Brown. Willie Brown told her not to accept this job, and she did it anyway she.

Donald Trump: I thought she was so -- Mike beat her so badly the other night, but she's just not good at what she did. Hey, don't forget, she started off, she went -- she only went down in the polls. That's usually not the person you want to pick to run for vice president. Anyway, but the -- both of them, they talk about fracking like it was the greatest sin on earth.

Donald Trump: Then they get the nomination, and now they're talking about they want to do fracking. But you know, I find in politics -- always -- always follow their first words because that's where they're going. They have no choice. They agreed with Bernie Sanders and all the people on the manifesto. And if you read that manifesto, that manifesto is further left than Bernie Sanders, much further left than Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: You know, usually you think they're take them right. Bernie took them left, he took them left of where he was. But if you look at the fracking, the coal, you could say the coal -- remember Hillary, three weeks before she went to West Virginia, she was knocking the hell out of coal, and then she forgot she had to go to West Virginia.

Donald Trump: So she goes to West Virginia and she sat at the table with the miners, and it was just the end of her when she knocked coal.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, you know what I think would be --

Donald Trump: -- Now what they do with coal now, with clean coal is amazing. You know, we have -- we have more than anybody, but what they do with clean coal is amazing. We have more energy than anybody and these other countries want to take it away with the Paris Accord and all of this, they want to take away our wealth, they want to take away our jobs, our companies.

Donald Trump: It is disgraceful.

Rush Limbaugh: You know, explain fracking to people, sir, because it's a term that's thrown out there. And I know what it is. I can explain it. A lot of people can, but a lot of people don't know what it is and why it's so outrageous that they will not commit and they will not get their story straight, whether or not they're going to ban it. What is it?

Donald Trump: Well, basically it's getting energy out of the ground really efficiently and getting every drop of it. And it's -- it's created wealth for our country like you wouldn't believe, and it's really been over the last small number of years that that's really become -- you know, you used to see these massive oil wells and you know.

Rush Limbaugh: You can basically go in and drill sideways in the shale.

Donald Trump: Sideways, they can drill up and down and around. It's unbelievable, if you ever watch this process. And they just suck stuff out of the ground that -- that is, it's just incredible, the technology. And for whatever reason it, for our country, you know, we've become the biggest oil producer in the world right now, by far.

Donald Trump: Not even a contest, we're bigger than Russia, bigger than Saudi Arabia, and to a level that nobody can believe. And I saved the industry, six or seven months ago. When our oil dropped because of the pandemic I got Russia and Saudi Arabia together. You know, it's good to get along with countries, not necessarily a bad thing, Rush, you know, you understand that.

Donald Trump: And they cut 10 million barrels a day. It's actually more than that, but they cut, and we saved the oil. We saved 10 million jobs in this country, and yet everybody has cheap gasoline. Look at the gasoline at $2 a gallon; nobody thought that would be possible. That's better than a tax cut. So you know, if you want to know the truth, when, you know, when gas used to go up to $5, $6 and people would say, oh, our country and people would -- they couldn't buy cars, they couldn't do anything.

Donald Trump: We have very inexpensive gasoline and yet, it's high enough that we have our energy jobs. We have millions and millions of energy jobs in Texas and in North Dakota and Oklahoma and Pennsylvania. So Biden goes in, do you notice, they never talk about fracking. So he said no fracking, and he's in Pennsylvania.

Rush Limbaugh: They're going to ban it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, and they want --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Just like they're going to stack the court. They will not convert. You know what you ought to tell Amy Coney Barrett, that she's not going to answer any questions about how she'll rule, until after she's confirmed.

Donald Trump: No, I know it's incredible what he said yesterday. I couldn't believe it, and that's such a big thing. But think of it, he's in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is a big, big fracking thing. It's a million jobs, it's tremendous energy. They have low energy costs.

Rush Limbaugh: And they won't admit what they're going to do and they won't --

Donald Trump: -- But he said just the opposite. He said there'll be no, no fracking. And then once he gets to Pennsylvania, he said no, they'll be fracking. I couldn't get away with that. Nobody could get away with that, but they let him -- they don't even ask him a question about fracking. I mean, they don't -- they don't say to him, well, wait a minute, you said you won't frack and now you're saying you're going to frack.

Donald Trump: Because if Pennsylvania believed that, they couldn't vote for him because he'd put Pennsylvania out of business along with other -- Ohio and other places.

Rush Limbaugh: Let's go to another Biden soundbite. This is from May of this year. He was on a radio program called The Breakfast Club with my old buddy Charlamagne the God. And he said to Biden, you got to come back and see us. It's a long way 'til November. We got more questions for you.

Joe Biden: You got more questions, but I tell you, if you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black.

Rush Limbaugh: And there you go. If you -- if you got a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, you ain't -- just insulted free-minded, open-minded African Americans and never gets called on -- you try that.

Donald Trump: He doesn't get called. I will say this, though. The black community gets it, they don't dig them, they don't like them, they don't like them. And I'm getting numbers, you know, we're at 20 percent, 22 percent, which not that I'm proud of that because it should be 100 percent. But you know, if you look at what I've done for criminal justice reform, Obama couldn't get criminal justice reform done.

Donald Trump: I did. Prison reform, uh, the -- the small colleges and universities, historically black. What I've done, I've got them funded. They were coming back every year, hat in hand, every year begging for money. And I got them taken care of for a ten year period. Uh, all funded, fully funded. What I've done is -- and then with -- with Tim Scott, we did the Opportunity Zones, which is the greatest -- I mean, the most incredible thing for the black community, the African-American community, with jobs and everything else.

Donald Trump: No, I've done more and I say it and, you know, at first people said, oh, it's too much to say. I said I've done more for the black community than anybody since Abraham Lincoln, and it's true. Nobody's done what I've done, but, you know, they don't like Biden, they don't like Biden. He did the super predator stuff, you know.

Donald Trump: He was the super predator king.

Rush Limbaugh: Here, listen to this one. Now this is -- this is August 14th, 2012, is eight years ago. He's vice president. It's a campaign event; he's talking about Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan here.

Joe Biden: He's going to let the big banks, once again, write their own rules, unchain Wall Street. They're going to put you all back in chains.

Rush Limbaugh: They're going to put you all back in -- that black audience. They're going to put you all back in chains. Eight years ago. I don't understand why it's even a contest. These kind of things ought to be automatic disqualifiers.

Donald Trump: But he's a different guy there. You know, you can hear by the way he talks, he's out of it. Look, he's out of it. Now we can't have a president that's out of it because I meet with Xi, and I meet with Putin. I meet with all of them.

Rush Limbaugh: He wasn't out of it there. He knew exactly what he was saying there, right? That's your point.

Donald Trump: That's right. He's a different guy. He's -- he's out of it. He's in a -- he's in a daze. I look at the things he says. I look at what he says. I look at the way he says it. He's in a daze, and it's not because he's 78 or whatever he is because I know guys that are 92, Bernie Marcus, from Home Depot, he's 100 percent sharp.

Donald Trump: But Joe is just something wrong; we can't have that.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, but he made it through the debate, he made it through 90 minutes of that debate without betraying any of the mental limitations, shall we say.

Donald Trump: I agree, but he was not able to answer the Russia thing and he was choking and he was not able to answer the billion dollar prosecutor thing.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, you did kind of bail him out, by the way, if he started to fade, and you, uh, you kept talking at him. I think he was -- now, Mr. President, some of you tweeted about this -- when I saw this, this blew my mind. It literally blew my mind. This is a Gallup poll found that 56 percent of the American people say they are better off today, even during the pandemic, than they were four years ago.

Rush Limbaugh: That's stunning to me. That's the highest number on record.

Donald Trump: I know. Highest number ever recorded that they're better off today than they were at any time before, during a pandemic. And that's what I've built, and we've built this. And the only reason we're doing well is because the foundation was so strong, Rush, the foundation. If we didn't have a strong foundation, you'd be 1929. And if he got in, you'll be 1929 because he's going to raise everybody's taxes.

Donald Trump: They don't talk about that, either. He's going to raise everybody's taxes, and you know what else they never talk about, something that I think is a very, very important thing, the Second Amendment. They don't say that he's going to take away your guns, he's going to -- they never talk about it.

Rush Limbaugh: It never comes up in a debate; that and immigration, those two subjects never come up. They haven't come up at either of the debates, yet.

Donald Trump: That's right, that's right. So it's -- you know, it's pretty crazy. It's -- it's amazing that here we sit in the White House. Every once in a while, I'll say it's not fair the way I get treated and then I'm sitting in the oval, I'll say, oh, this is the Oval Office.

Rush Limbaugh: You're there and they're not.

Donald Trump: The people of this country are really smart. and they do get it. and they can do everything they can. And again, the only thing is I don't know why they do it, but they do it. They're very dishonest and -- and evil in many ways, but --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Well, these people.

Donald Trump: -- But the people of the country get it.

Rush Limbaugh: They do, but they also -- they love you. They -- Mr. President, seriously now, they know that you are the only person standing in the way of the left's efforts to undermine America and turn it into something it was -- I mean, they're scared to death, scared to death of what's going to happen. If you lose, they're scared to death of what's going to happen, if somehow these people can harm you.

Rush Limbaugh: They want you to have a deep understanding of how much you mean to them, how important you are to them in preserving the American way of life. It is more important because it's -- it's -- it's at risk, the American way of life is at risk and you, sir, are the only man standing in the way of people destroying that.

Rush Limbaugh: This is what millions and millions and millions of Americans think. It's got to be a big burden on you, but.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm glad you said it because if I say it, and you said before something, that why do you say it yourself. Because I have to and because nobody else will say it. You know, I -- I tell that to people, you might as well say it to yourself because nobody else is going to say it. I don't like saying it. I wish other people would say it, and I love that you can say it. But the truth is, I am a wall, just like the wall we're building, I'm a wall in between this incredible thing that has such potential.

Donald Trump: We have something with such potential. You have no idea. Even you might not understand the level of potential of this country is incredible. The people are incredible. The resources. You know, we have wealthy land, we're on top of land. They want to take it away from us. They want to take our wealth away.

Donald Trump: They want to take our jobs away, our factories away. They want us to be in the same position. You know, we're born on very, very energy -- you look at the energy we have, more than anybody in the world. You look at, they want to take all of these advantages that we have over other countries and throw them away.

Donald Trump: And you know, we have such incredible potential, and they want to -- I am a wall between the potential of this country to be better than ever before and a country that will become a third world country, a Venezuela. You know, I used to say it could be Venezuela, I used to say it, halfheartedly. It's, true it'll be just a massive version -- version.

Donald Trump: If you look at Venezuela, it's a massive version of Venezuela. Venezuela was, you remember Venezuela, 20 years ago.

Rush Limbaugh: I do.

Donald Trump: You had a lot of wealth --

Rush Limbaugh: -- But most people don't know what Venezuela is, it's not --

Donald Trump: -- Venezuela has gone so bad, it's gone. They don't have food, they don't have water, they don't have medicine. They have lots of wealth, too. They have oil, but they have lots of wealth, but they have nothing. They've gone socialist, and probably more. If you look at Kamala, that's more than social, you know, she's further left than Crazy Bernie.

Donald Trump: And this is what they want. They wanted her. I don't know why. I don't know if they're happy with her. I think she's a --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Because she couldn't win on her own, sir, they had to do this to get her. You nailed it earlier when you said Pelosi's 25th amendment gambit is actually a trial run at getting rid of Biden. That's what they want. They want her in the Oval Office because she's going to be the vessel for the AOCs and the Bernie Sanders agenda and the far left.

Rush Limbaugh: She could -- she didn't, she got out of the Democrat primaries before a single vote was cast. That's how badly she was doing.

Donald Trump: That's right. She was so bad she left before Iowa. And look at Iowa, by the way, you remember the Iowa, nobody even knows to this day who won Iowa, right? They went with this scheme that now they want to multiply times a thousand on the voting stuff. And wait till you see, I'm sure that you'll have a question about that.

Donald Trump: But wait till you see how bad the ballot thing. You know, all over the country, thousands of ballots are being thrown away and -- and defrauded and -- and cut up. And when they talk about other countries coming in, it's a lot easier for them to print illegal ballots, I guess you'd say counterfeit ballots than it is some of the other things that you're talking about.

Donald Trump: But -- but this whole -- it's a one scary thing when they send out millions and millions of ballots and you say, who's sending them, where are they sending them, who's bringing them, who's reporting them, who's signing them? I mean, millions and millions of ballots. It's a disgrace. And look at all of the bad things that have happened over the last year with the ballots.

Donald Trump: Look at -- look at Carolyn Maloney's race in New York, a small race where --

Rush Limbaugh: -- The examples, the examples are all over the country. In fact, I've got a couple. I have a couple I want to run by you, but may I ask you to do a favor for me?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Rush Limbaugh: I want you to take just a 45 or 60 second break here, while I share something with you. Then you can react to it, but it's going to take me about a minute to go through it because --

Donald Trump: -- I'd love to.

Rush Limbaugh: Fascinating piece. It's a -- it's a piece in The Federalist from October 19th, is that right? Yeah. And it's by David Sound. The headline, "I didn't vote for Trump in 2016, but I Would Crawl Over Broken Glass to Vote for Him Now." I don't care about the tone of his tweets or if his opponents think he's rude.

Rush Limbaugh: I've seen that he's a patriot who, genuinely, loves the United States of America and its people. And then he lists that you can't do this. We've been talking about I'm going to do this. He lists your first term accomplishments and how impressive they are. Building the strongest US economy in my lifetime, we writes, through historic business and personal tax cuts, resulting in millions of jobs created, record low unemployment.

Rush Limbaugh: He cut federal government regulations that had a stranglehold on American business innovators and entrepreneurs. He confronted the Chicom's trade abuses and negotiated fair trade deals with Canada, Mexico, South Korea and Japan. He eliminated the Obamacare individual mandate, which equals freedom in healthcare.

Rush Limbaugh: He rebuilt the military through investments in our defense capabilities, as well as secured the largest military pay raise in a decade. He nominated and confirmed more solid conservative circuit court judges than any other first term administration, nominating and fighting for the confirmation of two originals, Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh, to the Supreme Court, then nominating Amy Coney Barrett to fill the vacancy left by Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

Rush Limbaugh: And finally, moving the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. Your first term record is truly outstanding, and it's still being made. Your record is still being written. You are still president. You are still implementing your agenda, despite this opposition. And I wanted to share this with you because this guy did not vote for you four years ago, and now he can't wait to.

Donald Trump: to get that one. I'm going to have to put that one up, pretty soon. But you know, look, I'm honored by it -- by it. And with time, more and more people see the things we've done. I put out lists and there are pages and pages long. We've done it. We've done a job and I'm very honored by it and I'm very proud of it. We've helped a lot of people.

Donald Trump: We've helped a lot of people. You know, on the pandemic, I was telling you about this medicine. I'm so proud of it. People don't want to write about it, but that's OK. But this is better than the vaccine and it's going out, literally, as we speak. We have the US military logistics, they're bringing it out.

Donald Trump: This is such a big thing, but we have done such a good job on the pandemic. We get zero credit. You know, we -- we fed these governors whose shelves were empty and our shelves were empty, too. I say our cupboard was bare. And we filled it up with all sorts of stuff and we -- we send it all over the United States and New York.

Donald Trump: We built them convention centers that they should have used. We sent ships that they should have used, instead of putting old people with other people that were sick and a lot of problems were caused, as you know. But -- but we had -- we did such a job, we did such a great job and made some governors look great.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they all -- when we have our phone calls, we'll have 50 governors there, all saying, thank you, thank you, thank you. Rarely, do we have anybody speak up, and when they do, we take care of them. And then they'll go and they'll speak to the press and they'll say, well, yeah, the president was OK. You know, what we've done for them with the ventilators, the ventilators were an impossible situation.

Donald Trump: We now build more ventilators by -- by five times than anybody else, and we're supplying them to the world. And they're very complicated, expensive, you know, etc., etc. But we've done a great job.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, that's another thing, this massive remobilization of American industry, yeah.

Donald Trump: One of the biggest, I guess the biggest they say since the Second World War. But -- but you know what, this is the biggest of all. If the Regeneron and the Lilly, you know, comparable drug turns out, uh, this is a cure. This is a therapeutic, call it what you want. I can tell you, it's a cure and I'm talking to you today because of it and you know, because I think I could have been a bad, I could have been a bad victim.

Donald Trump: I fit certain categories that aren't so great, OK, and you better be careful, too, OK. But -- but you won't -- I'm telling you, this is a -- a total game changer. It's so good, and nobody else would have had it. You know, FDA is approving things in one week that used to take three years, and that's only because I'm bugging them like crazy.

Donald Trump: You know, I go -- I drive them crazy, I guess, but that's OK. But FDA, Food and Drug Administration, is approving things that, Rush, would have taken years. And I'm getting them in a matter of weeks and months and they're great things. But this is the greatest of them all if this works out, and I'm very sure it's going to.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, I hope it does. Again, you're -- you're writing, you're writing history with this. Let me venture into another area. It was announced by the attorney general that his investigator, the -- the attorney looking into the -- the coup run against you will not have any announcements, any results any -- before the election.

Rush Limbaugh: This is disappointing. I cannot tell you.

Donald Trump: When was this announced, Rush?

Rush Limbaugh: I think I've got the story here in the snack, I thought it was --

Donald Trump: -- I think it's terrible.

Rush Limbaugh: -- Fairly recently that --

Donald Trump: -- I think it's terrible.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, it is because these are -- these are people -- this is the biggest political scandal in the history of this country, certainly our lifetimes.

Donald Trump: If that's the case, I'm very disappointed. I think it's a terrible thing, and I'll say it to his face.

Rush Limbaugh: Here it is. Barr tells Republicans Durham report will not be ready by election. It came out today.

Donald Trump: That's a disgrace. I think it's a disgrace. It's an embarrassment.

Rush Limbaugh: I don't have the words to express my anger. I mean, I'm not saying I'm surprised. I'm angry.

Donald Trump: I had to go through it, I've had to go through it twice now with elections and yet, they have -- see, this is what I mean with the Republicans, they don't play the tough game. They don't play the tough game. If this were the other side, you would have had 25 people in jail for the rest of their lives with what we found.

Rush Limbaugh: Oh, you tried something like this against any of them, heck, yes.

Donald Trump: Oh, are you kidding me? You would have been 20. Look at me, I had to beat off, I had to beat off the phony Mueller report. I had to beat off all this stuff. I had to beat off impeachment. I had to beat off Congress, everything else. They then send it to New York, which is all political, they send it into New York, the same stuff into New York.

Donald Trump: You have to beat that off. You know, they got New York all over. They don't stop. This is a disgrace. If that just came out -- and you know, I purposely tried to stay away from it because they all say it would be better if I'm not involved.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, have you declassified everything about this yet?

Donald Trump: It's -- I fully declassified everything. Everything's been declassified. They have so much information. They didn't need any more than, frankly, Mr. Horowitz, who was an Obama appointment, he wrote a report on Comey that was so bad. It was so bad, I've never seen anything like it, and they should have gone after him just on that.

Donald Trump: And McCabe, too. You know, it took $700,000 from Hillary Clinton.

Rush Limbaugh: I don't know how these people are still on cable TV lying through their teeth about all of this, still getting paid to carry forth the lie.

Donald Trump: If that's the case, if that's the case -- and you have to understand, I'm hearing this for the first time, and I said it's impossible. So, it's OK for me to have to go through investigations during an election but for them, we don't want to upset the apple cart.

Rush Limbaugh: It wasn't an investigation. It was a hunt.

Donald Trump: Republicans don't play the same game.

Rush Limbaugh: You didn't do anything, there was never any evidence. This was not an investigation. It was a hunt; you were being hunted. They were trying to plant and create evidence that would be believed and they failed.

Donald Trump: We caught them, we caught them cold and we have people that don't know how to do anything about it. It's horrible. If that's the case, I have to check that. I find it hard to believe because you know what? I went through two elections. You don't think that affected '18 -- I wasn't running in '18, but the whole Russia witch hunt affected the 18 outcome of the election.

Donald Trump: You know, we lost some Congressional seats. People don't say we picked up two Senate seats, but we lost something in '18. You know, we lost something. We lost some seats that we probably could have held on to. We went through the same thing, and it was all phony stuff. Nobody said, let's hold it back until after the election.

Donald Trump: But the Republicans don't play the same game. They don't play the same game. I'd be very -- I'd be surprised and I'd be very disappointed; I'll probably be disappointed because this stuff should have come out a year ago anyway.

Rush Limbaugh: Did you expect it to? Did you --

Donald Trump: -- They had everything they needed, a year ago.

Rush Limbaugh: Did you expect it to come out by now?

Donald Trump: I thought it should have come out two years ago, I mean, frankly, as far as I was concerned. Look, if they hold it because of the election, I've gone through two elections now.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, that's what he says, they're holding it --

Donald Trump: -- They started investigating me, before I even won the election.

Rush Limbaugh: It says here --

Donald Trump: -- They started investigating me when I was coming down the escalator, the beautiful golden escalator, as it called, with the First Lady. I was under investigation, illegally, by these thieves and Comey and crooks. We caught them in the act. They were spying on my campaign and then they went for a coup. Nobody said, well, gee, you know, let's hold off the investigation.

Donald Trump: But with them, they do. The Republicans don't play it the same way. It's very disappointing.

Rush Limbaugh: No, it was frustrating. For the first six months of your first term, half the Republicans in the House thought it was true, and that's why they didn't help you move your agenda. But it says right here, this is Axios, by the way is the news source. And they say that Barr is communicating, that his investigator Durham is taking his investigation very seriously and is focused on winning prosecutions, which I guess were to expect not scoring points in the meeting.

Donald Trump: Let's everybody get elected to office and then let's worry about it. First of all, if we don't win this election, that whole thing is going to end, OK. And you just remember that.

Rush Limbaugh: As will --

Donald Trump: -- If we don't win this election, that's another thing I'm fighting for because these people have to be brought to justice, but they should have been brought to justice, before the election. But if we don't win this election, if we don't win, that whole thing is going to be dismissed.

Rush Limbaugh: That's another thing. People want to know what they can do, sir. They -- you would not believe the numbers of people who are asking what can they do, besides vote. What -- and voting is big. I mean, I tell people that ask me this, that's the first thing, just make sure you vote, show up and vote on Election Day, but vote.

Rush Limbaugh: It's not -- it's not insignificant. What else can people do because they want to help you, they want to know what they can do.

Donald Trump: Keep up the anger. Keep up the genius because they're genius, they get it better than these guys that are looking at stuff. I'm telling you they get it better. The American public gets this better than the so-called people that are looking. You know, when I look at the Times and I look at the Washington Post, fake papers, both of them, and they get Pulitzer Prizes for the Russia investigation.

Donald Trump: But they were all wrong, there was no collusion. So they get Pulitzer Prizes.

Rush Limbaugh: There wasn't a true word in any of those stories.

Donald Trump: No, none of it. And the guys that did get it right, they don't get Pulitzer Prizes. You know, and you and I can name ten of them, OK? You're one of them, but you don't care about Pulitzer Prizes. But -- but the ones that got it, they don't get anything but just, Rush, take a look at how wrong these people were and they pretend they know me. You know, Maggie Haberman all of these people, they -- I have nothing against them, but they don't know me. They don't know me. I haven't seen her.

Donald Trump: I haven't spoken to her in a year and a half. You know, you take one picture with somebody, it ends up being like the best friends for the rest of your life. You know, take a picture at the Oval Office with a photographer with a -- with a reporter. And then they write, though, as though there you're like, like -- like you can't live without them.

Donald Trump: I don't even speak to these people. But look at the bad reporting that they've done, look how wrong they were about everything. They got Pulitzer Prizes for -- the Pulitzer organization, frankly, is a -- is a disgrace. They gave Pulitzer Prizes to everybody that shouldn't have gotten them.

Rush Limbaugh: Yep.

Donald Trump: You know, they were all wrong.

Rush Limbaugh: Folks, let me just --

Donald Trump: -- The people that should get the Pulitzer Prizes didn't get them.

Rush Limbaugh: I want to back the president up on this, folks, in this story that we're talking about here, the Russian collusion meddling story. Do not doubt me. There wasn't a word of truth in any of the stories that were published, oftentimes, four times a day for the first year. There was no truth. When Robert Mueller was handled the file on the day he became the special counsel, it was empty.

Rush Limbaugh: There was never any evidence. This was not an investigation. There was nothing to investigate. It was a hunt, it was -- it was an outrage and to -- to -- to be awarded a Pulitzer Prize for printing not a single thing that is true, is genuinely discrediting to Pulitzer. And you would think these people would care about that, but they don't, sir.

Rush Limbaugh: All that matters is getting rid of you. That's all that matters.

Donald Trump: You'd think they'd want to take back the prizes on the basis that they made a mistake. I mean, you would think the committee would meet and say, I'm sorry, but you got it wrong. We're going to have to, you know, remand, we're going to have to take back the prizes, but -- but, Rush, think of it, they were totally wrong, and they all got Pulitzer Prizes.

Donald Trump: And then they go on to another story, it's the same stuff. It's -- it's -- it's so disgraceful when you look at what's gone on, it's so dishonest, and they knew it. And Mueller was a fraud. The whole thing was a fraud.

Rush Limbaugh: The thugs.

Donald Trump: And they were just thugs -- thugs. And I'll tell you something, a friend of mine said, you must be -- a friend of mine who's a very smart, very successful guy, a lawyer, said you must be the most honest guy in the world. You've gone through three and a half years of investigations, they found nothing. And they've gone through my taxes.

Donald Trump: They've gone through everything. Hey, they spent $48 million, I think the last number I heard, was 48 million investigating me. They've gone through my taxes. They've gone through everything you can imagine at a level that nobody can even believe. Nobody -- nobody's ever had to put up and no other president should have to put up with this.

Donald Trump: But then I hear that they're not going to do the thing before the election. Why? Because they're afraid they're going to influence the election because that's the way the Republicans are. They play so nice all the time.

Rush Limbaugh: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's very disappointing. If Bill Barr actually made that statement, I would be very disappointed in him. I don't know that he made that statement, but if he did do that, I'd be --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Well, that's a good point. I mean, it is the Drive-By media, it's Axios, and the story is that Barr is telling leading Republicans, it's not that he's made it public, it's that he's --

Donald Trump: -- Well, they've had plenty of time to do it. They've been looking at it for two years. The facts are on the table. All you have to do is take a look at the Horowitz report on Mueller. That -- even the New York Times on Mueller and on especially what they wrote about, what they read about this -- this idiot Comey, the world's worst FBI director.

Donald Trump: But not only that --

Rush Limbaugh: -- But why do you think --

Donald Trump: -- This very dishonest guy.

Rush Limbaugh: Do you think the American people -- do you think the American people are not aware of this? Do you think they don't know the --

Donald Trump: They're totally aware. No, they're totally aware. Even the other side's aware of it. The other side laughs about it. They can't believe they got away with it. You want to know the truth. You know, they're not -- they're not stupid; they're very smart. The other side laughs about it. It's not like they believe the Russia thing, they don't --

Rush Limbaugh: -- I know, but if they -- if hey --

Donald Trump: -- They don't believe it. They laugh about it.

Rush Limbaugh: If they think they got away with it, then they -- well, I'm leading up to the American people should be, if they know what happened, so outraged, no way they would vote Democrat. This is outrageous. This is antithetical to everything this country stands for, what happened to you and?

Donald Trump: They tried to do a takedown of a very legitimately -- in fact, beyond because I was fighting -- little did I know because I didn't know when they started this investigation, which was long before the -- the presidential, before the race. After I won, they tried to take me out. Before I won, they tried to, you know, was a fraud.

Donald Trump: It was the Russia -- it was the Russian witch hunt.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, they were trying to corrupt your transition. They tried to --

Donald Trump: You know this better than anybody. And Putin, I guarantee you, says this to everybody. Nobody has been tougher on Russia than I have. I got NATO to pay $410 billion more to protect against Russia. I was the one that exposed Nord Stream, the pipeline going into Germany. I said wait a minute, you're paying Russia billions of dollars, and we're supposed to protect you from Russia.

Donald Trump: What kind of a deal is this? I was the one that gave tank busters to Ukraine, and Obama gave them pillows. Remember the pillows, probably from the Pillow Man on Fox, but Obama gave them pillows and sheets, and I gave them tank busters. I gave them money. Obama did -- what -- nobody has been tougher on Russia than I have; nobody.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, you know, Mr. President, I think something the American people need to know is that the Democrats and the media, which is, again, one and the same, have done more with -- with four years of lies and misrepresentations, utter outright lies about you supposedly stealing the election from Hillary with the Russians.

Rush Limbaugh: They have done more, sir, this is important. They have done more to corrupt the integrity and the honor of the presidential election system than Vladimir Putin could have ever hoped to. They have made people doubt and they're now talking about how this upcoming election, the Russians are in the process of stealing it, too.

Rush Limbaugh: These people are so dishonorable and disreputable, and they need to be made to be held accountable for what they have done to the perception of honesty and integrity in our elections, to the very serious effort they are making to transform this country into something it was never founded to be. But this business of trying to say that you stole the election, that you meddled with the Russians; they did.

Rush Limbaugh: Hillary did. Hillary came up with this whole scheme, in order to protect her from her email scandal. This is something they did and now they're running around and they're doing more damage to the integrity, the perceived honesty of our electoral system than anything Vladimir Putin could have ever hoped.

Donald Trump: She deleted 33,000 emails; she should be in jail for that. I don't even care if they're -- if they're -- if they're very highly confidential emails, I don't care what. She deleted -- she got a question. She got a statement from Congress, a subpoena from Congress, everybody, we want your emails, all of Hillary Clinton's emails, 33,000 of them.

Donald Trump: She deleted them, she acid washed them and she broke her telephones with a hammer, OK, broke them with a hammer. And by the way, speaking of that and speaking of Bill Barr, 31 people deleted their telephone messages from the Mueller report, OK. And they said they all made a mistake. Well, they made the same mistake.

Donald Trump: The chances are 1 billion to 1 that they would have made the same mistake. Thirty one phones were wiped clean on the Mueller report. I want to see those phones, right? And how do you allow 3 -- 31 phones, I think it was 19 people, 31 phones. You read about it, just recently. They want the phones because they want the information of the phones because we caught them cheating.

Donald Trump: And they were all wiped clean, or most of them were wiped clean. We have a couple, believe it or not, but they were wiped clean, they were deleted, everything was deleted and -- and cleansed, and you're not allowed to do that. They broke the law. Nothing happens to these people, but they go after General Flynn, they go after Papadopoulos.

Donald Trump: They go after all these people. It is a disgrace. And one of the reasons I want to win so badly is we got to finish this thing off. And I will be very disappointed if that Axios piece that you read to me is true. I'll be very disappointed because they've had plenty of time to get this done; plenty of time.

Rush Limbaugh: Absolutely. Sir, why do you think Vice President Biden agreed to go on with a town hall debate number two. If you can prove you're virus free on October 15th and then he retracted the demand, now agrees with the commission to -- to Zoom the debate, wants a virtual debate, and if he doesn't show up, are you going to show up, anyway?

Rush Limbaugh: What are they trying to pull off here?

Donald Trump: I don't think the debate's been that much because -- and I'll tell you why. I've done well with debates. I've won, I guess I had 15, I think I won every single poll. I won the poll on this one with him. But I had to be rude because he was lying, he'd get up and he'd just say a series of things. They were all lies.

Donald Trump: So I'd say false and they'd say I interrupted him. But -- but, you know, if you look at the polls, most polls say, I wonder with him, but it was a very interesting thing. I'd rather let him speak because he's gone, he's mentally gone and, eventually, he goes off track and he'll start talking about the birds and the bees.

Donald Trump: But -- but I couldn't do that because he was saying so many false things. He'd say about the soldiers. He'd say about Social Security, which I'll protect and he won't protect, by the way, he's not going to protect. He doesn't even know what it is. He'll say about Social Security, he'll say, but -- and if I didn't say wrong, you know, etc., etc.

Donald Trump: But the one who protected him was Chris Wallace. And by the way, Fox is a whole different ballgame. You know, Fox is a much different thing than it was, four years ago. Somebody said what's the biggest difference? I said the biggest difference is Fox. You take a look at Fox, of course, we have our great ones, Sean and this, but -- and you know, a number of them.

Donald Trump: But you watch this, Fox is a whole different ball game. And, you know, Paul Ryan is on the board of Fox, so I'm sure that has something to do with it. But Fox is a whole different ballgame. Somebody said to me, what's the biggest difference? I said the biggest difference is Fox is no longer the same. Bit difference.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, the obstacles that keep being placed in front of you are, no doubt, there and it's -- I've never seen -- I've told you this before, I talk about it on this program. I've never seen anything like this before. The things that you have to overcome and surmount, each and every day, would drive most people out of the business.

Rush Limbaugh: It would drive most people -- I don't need this.

Donald Trump: Well, I know I can talk to you.

Rush Limbaugh: And I don't know, again, I'm asking you, you didn't need any of this, sir.

Donald Trump: And you're looking at this -- you're looking at this bigger. But why I can talk to you, Rush, the great Rush, and you are the great one and I'm honored to know you. But I can talk to you and I can spell out all of the dishonesty and everything else, and millions of people are listening, right now. I hope you have your all time biggest audience.

Rush Limbaugh: Millions and millions and millions, you would not believe how many millions.

Donald Trump: No, but I can talk to you. Now, let's say I say no, I don't want to do it or I want to be shy. I don't want to talk that, you know, too many people, let's, you know, let's not talk. No, you have such an incredible audience. So I can tell them about Fox being a big obstacle. It's a problem; Fox is a problem.

Donald Trump: When Roger Ailes ran Fox, I mean, Roger had a very strong point of view. It's totally gone. And I think it's influenced by Paul Ryan. He's on the board. I can't believe it. Here's a guy who failed as speaker. Do you know that Nancy Pelosi issues a subpoena like it's cookies, right? Everything -- everything you do, uh, did you, uh, did you make a phone call, 12 years ago?

Donald Trump: Oh, issue a subpoena. You couldn't get a subpoena out of Paul. When -- when, uh, we have great guys. I mean, we have Jim Jordan and these guys, they're so fantastic.

Rush Limbaugh: They're doing great jobs, there's no -- but -- but how do you -- you have no choice, you have to deal with it. So I said Fox is different than they were four years ago, but you still have to -- you have to deal with it.

Donald Trump: You deal with them, I deal with them, but they're really -- they've gone a very different path. It's a much different -- it's a much different group. They have guys on there that are so bad. They have people, I call them the twins, there's Chris Hahn and -- and, uh.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, that's -- they just hired a bunch of Democrats, so they can be fair.

Donald Trump: No, he works for Schumer, they're Schumer people. How about when they hire Donna Brazile, who gave Hillary the questions to the debate.

Rush Limbaugh: Yeah, I hear you.

Donald Trump: Who got fired -- by the way, donna Brazile got fired from CNN, and then Fox hires her. Got no credibility. It's not like she's great entertainment; it's not even good entertainment.

Rush Limbaugh: I know, this -- this unfairness never ends, it never ends. It's our way of life. It's something we have to deal with and it's, uh, it's -- it's -- it's maddening.

Donald Trump: When they -- when they do that, when they put somebody like Donna Brazile, or not that she's effective, she's not effective.

Rush Limbaugh: I know, but you are -- so you are -- that's -- that's the difference. That's the difference. You are -- you are the one. You think they're driving you crazy. You have no idea what you're doing to them. You're driving them insane, sir. They can't touch you.

Donald Trump: They should grab it and they should say, hey, we -- we got the president and we're going to defend our friend, but they're not. They're going the way of -- of CNN, and they're going away of -- of MSDNC. And it's a shame. I mean, it's a shame. When I see it, I watch it. I watch -- I look at the people they hire.

Donald Trump: I mean, I could tell you some of the anchors, they're so bad. They're so bad and at the same time, Fox and Friends is terrific in the morning. You know, they're good.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, you are a TV expert, I mean, there's no question.

Donald Trump: Well, I have to be. I have no choice because, otherwise, you couldn't survive it. Uh, Sean is great and -- and Tucker is pretty good. You know Tucker, has his moments, in all fairness, but Tucker is pretty good. And Laura's been great and, you know, we have some, a lot, a lot of good stuff. But -- but Fox is 50 percent of what they were, less than, I would say less than 50, but 50 percent of what they were.

Donald Trump: That's still better than nothing. At some point, maybe they'll go all the way and that will be fine, too. I'll figure that out.

Rush Limbaugh: By the way, speaking of your effectiveness, I don't know if you've seen this, but the NBA has decided, NBA commissioner, they're going to pull their Black Lives Matter messaging, next year. No longer going to be on the uniforms, no longer going to be on the basketball court. They're no longer going to, and I wonder why that is, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Because their ratings have died.

Rush Limbaugh: Oh, I wouldn't have known.

Donald Trump: I haven't watched a basketball game, and I helped them get open. I haven't watched a basketball game all year.

Rush Limbaugh: You tried to help them; you tried to help the NFL.

Donald Trump: I tried to help the NFL. And then Roger, nice guy, Goodell, in his basement, wearing a very tight blue T-shirt. You know and he's not meant for it, nor am I, nor are you. It's just one of those things, you know, at a certain age you put on a tie, right. But what happens is he brought it up again. I thought -- I thought, I said to him, I thought I taught you a lesson two years ago about standing for the flag.

Donald Trump: Their ratings went down the tubes, and now you look at everybody with their hands in their air -- in the air and they're kneeling, and I just don't have the same interest, and neither do a lot of other people, Rush. The NBA has become so political that nobody cares about it, anymore. Nobody's watching it. I don't know of anybody that's -- I don't even know who's playing in the finals.

Donald Trump: I don't know anybody that's watching the -- the NBA. LeBron has been a spokesman. I don't know him. I never met him. All I know is when he endorsed Hillary, I said that's the greatest endorsement I've ever seen because when he endorsed Hillary four years ago, she came up to his knee. I said that is not the best looking president I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: I thought that was the greatest. They was standing.

Rush Limbaugh: You mean standing, she came up to his knee?

Donald Trump: They were standing no -- she was up to about his knee. I mean, literally, I've never seen anything, and I said that's not good. But LeBron is a spokesman for the -- for -- for the Democratic Party. It's an -- a very -- a very nasty spokesman because again --

Rush Limbaugh: -- You know, they are -- they are angry.

Donald Trump: -- I care so much for the black community and people don't want to see that, and he's a great basketball player. But people don't want to see a guy that's that way. They don't want to see that. They, you know, we have enough difficulty during the week. You don't want to sit down and watch a basketball game and then watch somebody that hates your guts, OK? And he's a hater.

Donald Trump: So I look at it and I look at the NBA and I can't watch it, and nobody's watching it. And their ratings are down the tubes. And I'm telling you, I haven't watched a basketball game like, in a long time. I have no interest in doing it, and you know what, that's a very sad commentary because I'd love to. But I just don't have any interest in it, anymore.

Rush Limbaugh: I don't.

Donald Trump: And other things, other things I do, I have great interest, but I don't have -- they're hurting themselves, very badly. And now I understand -- don't forget black lives matter. What was black lives matter? Pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon. The first time I ever heard of Black Lives Matter, I said that's such a terrible term because it's such a racist term.

Donald Trump: It's a term that sows division between blacks and whites and everybody else, and it's a very bad term for blacks. But they were very angry. It's a Marxist organization.

Rush Limbaugh: That's the key.

Donald Trump: It's pigs in a blanket, pigs in a blanket, fry them like bacon. Who are they referring to? New York City policemen, OK? And I said, wow, and if you would have told me that was going to go mainstream -- but it never did go mainstream.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, I don't know. You know, Mr. President, that's another thing. If you go back, 9/11, just 19 years ago, not that long ago. This is -- this -- is this, this, to me is a really sobering thing to realize. Not that long ago, the police, firemen, first responders were the heroes in our country. Go back after 9/11, you had athletes carrying the American flag on the field.

Donald Trump: Absolute heroes.

Rush Limbaugh: And now look what's happened in 15 to 19 years, look what the left has done. Now we want to defund the police. Now the police are murdering pigs and so forth, in 15 years. It's -- It's a sign of how successful these people have been. They used to be heroes, everybody wanted to be with the police. Everybody wanted to join them on, you know, when -- when George W Bush threw out the first pitch at Yankee Stadium.

Rush Limbaugh: Uh, Rudy is wearing the NYP cap. I mean, the cops were the toasts of town. They went into the buildings trying to save people. And it's -- it's -- to see what the Democrat Party has done to the police and their reputation image.

Donald Trump: The Liberal Democrats, radical liberal Democrats, look, New York, Rudy was a great mayor. Rudy was our greatest mayor, by far. He did things that were incredible and brought back New York. But -- but it was easier in a way because the police had total respect. There was crime and everything, but -- but the police were the police.

Donald Trump: When they dumped water a year ago on the policeman's head and he didn't do anything about it, like turn around and slug the guy, when they did that, I don't know if you remember New York's finest. New York's finest, these are great police. You know, I got endorsed by New York's finest, one month ago, and it's the first time in the history of New York City that they've endorsed a presidential candidate.

Rush Limbaugh: A lot of police organizations have endorsed you now, all over the country.

Donald Trump: Everybody. I don't think anybody -- in fact, I asked Biden at the debate and of course, Chris Wallace cut it off, didn't think it was appropriate. I said, name one police organization that endorsed you, Joe. Then I said, say law and order Joe, just law and order. He wouldn't do it.

Rush Limbaugh: Yeah, why wouldn't he do that, I mean what's so hard for law and order -- law and order. How hard is that?

Donald Trump: He wouldn't do it. Then I think he said law and order and safety. You know, I said, no, no, just law and order, law and order means safety, you don't have to add the word safety. You know, that's that little net. Let me tell you, if he got in, this country is going to hell, this country is going to go to hell.

Rush Limbaugh: Well?

Donald Trump: Like you've never seen, and you'll end up in a depression, the likes of which you haven't seen since 1929.

Rush Limbaugh: OK, now people are asking, when you say that, why would they want this? Why would the Democrats want to take this country into a recession and have it be so bad, economically? Why would they want to do that?

Donald Trump: Your taxes are going up, your regulations. You know, I did -- in the biggest tax cuts in history, bigger than Reagan's tax cuts, I did something that was more important. I cut regulations, that you couldn't build a highway in less than ten years. I mean, you'd have -- it would take you ten years to get approvals, and some much longer than that.

Donald Trump: Some -- one was 21 years, and they ended up not getting it. You couldn't get anything done. And I cut regulations to a level that, now you can get things done or not done in one year. In other words, it may get disapproved because it's not safe or environmentally good or, you know, a lot of good reasons.

Donald Trump: But -- but I cut regulations from 19 years to one year. I mean, you wouldn't even believe it. People had to go through the same agency 14 different times.

Rush Limbaugh: Once again, you have to be the one to tell the story.

Donald Trump: I have to be the one -- yeah, nobody else seems to be able to tell it, properly.

Rush Limbaugh: By the way, what's the status of the stimulus package now, the -- the COVID stimulus package?

Donald Trump: So I'd like to see it happen because it wasn't -- look, a lot of people are being hurt because of China. It wasn't the people's fault. I would like to see a bigger stimulus package, frankly, than either the Democrats or the Republicans are offering. I'm going the exact opposite now, OK. I mean, I'm telling you this.

Donald Trump: I'm telling you something I don't tell anybody else because maybe it helps or maybe it hurts negotiations. I would like to see a bigger package. I'd like to see money going to people. It was not their fault that China sent in the plague. It wasn't their fault. And China's going to pay a big price. You know, China was going to catch us in 2019. If you look back 15, 20 years ago, everybody said by 2019, China will beat us. I was beating them so badly.

Donald Trump: You know, we were doubling up, we were -- we were doing great, until the plague came in. And we're still beating them badly; we'll still be. If you have a smart guy at top, you'll always beat them. You know, they're paying us billions and billions of dollars in tariffs. People don't realize, when I made the deal, they're paying billions of dollars, I gave them lots of great offers.

Rush Limbaugh: No, they don't. And people don't know what that means. They don't know. They don't. How does that benefit them, that China is paying billions and billions and billions?

Donald Trump: Billions of dollars. Well, they devalue their currency and they make it impossible to compete because they devalue their currency. You know, they're currency manipulators, and they devalue their currency and therefore the dollar, they're using dollars of a different value, and it makes it very easy for them to compete.

Donald Trump: Whereas we don't do that, we don't play games like that. Some people say we should. I don't have a viewpoint, but -- but they devalue their currency and they do all sorts of things. And what they do in the World Trade Organization, you know, we just won a case, $7.5 billion, first time we've won a case in a long time.

Donald Trump: I said, look, I'm going to get out of the World Trade Organization, if I have to, just like I got out of the World Health. So we were paying 500 million a year in World Health. China is paying 39 million a year in World Health. They say why are they paying? They're a bigger country. Why are they paying so much less?

Donald Trump: I asked these, you know, little stupid questions like that. Nobody could give me an answer, and yet they dominate the World Health, OK? They dominate World Health. And World Health, when they did this horrible thing to us, World Health did nothing, whatsoever, to help us. We're at 500 million a year, so I terminated the deal.

Donald Trump: Well, they're in the tank. They're in the tank for the -- They're in the tank.

Rush Limbaugh: So I've got to make an observation here, sir.

Donald Trump: Same thing about world trade. By the way, same thing about world trade. You know, in world trade, China is considered a developing nation. If you're a developing nation, you get tremendous advantages in world trade.

Rush Limbaugh: Right, or you get your hand in the back pocket of the United States Treasury, is what you get.

Donald Trump: One hundred percent And I ended that. I said, I'm not going to accept that they're a developing nation. I wouldn't say China is in love with me, by the way. China is -- is done. Here's -- here's what will happen. Just a couple of predictions. If I win, we'll have a great deal with Iran, within one month.

Donald Trump: They're dying to have me lose, but if I win --

Rush Limbaugh: -- A great deal on what?

Donald Trump: No nuclear weapons, no --

Rush Limbaugh: No nuclear weapons.

Donald Trump: Weapons don't forget, look at -- look at what's happened to terrorism. Iran was a very wealthy nation, given $150 billion, plus $1.8 billion in cash by Obama, a very wealthy nation, and now they're very poor nation. and the terrorist organizations, I knock on wood as I say it because it's easy to start something, but they don't, they're not fighting like they used to. You know why they have no money because Iran does -- Iran is bust.

Donald Trump: Iran is bust because of me, because of the sanctions and other things. And the whole picture of terror, you don't see the terror. Now, you know, I hate to say it on an important show like this, but I'll say it, you don't see the terror the way you used to see the terror. And they know if they do anything against us, they'll pay a thousand fold; a problem.

Donald Trump: They're going to have a thousand fold difference because they know we are going to do things to you that have never been done before, and they understand that. But here's the thing. They're no longer rich and they're not giving out hundreds of millions of dollars to Hamas and all these other groups that caused all the problems.

Donald Trump: Now nobody brings that out. When was the last time you saw an attack?

Rush Limbaugh: I -- I hear -- I hear the frustration. I need to make -- I need to make an observation here for the American people. We've now -- we've now been chatting with the president for an hour and excuse me, an hour and 42 minutes, ladies and gentlemen. We have not had a commercial break. I would, thus, have to say the president's status with COVID-19 is pretty solid.

Rush Limbaugh: The second thing that I would say is that not once during the hour and 42 minutes has the president been stumped, has he not known what he wanted to say. Sir, you -- you give the media in this country more access than any president ever. That's not even a contest. You -- I think you've done something brilliant, too, when you have your -- your -- your little press gaggles out on the -- on your way to Marine One.

Rush Limbaugh: The camera's on you, not them.

Rush Limbaugh: You look like you're actually conducting an orchestra as you point to various members of the media when it's their turn. You're conducting a symphony, and everybody hears them screaming their questions at you like a bunch of six year olds, and you answer them. Every question you're asked, you answer. You don't take a pass on anything, and you don't run away from anything.

Rush Limbaugh: You don't hide from anything, and you'll meet them wherever they happen to be if you're able to, you will. And I think people need to keep this in mind in terms of -- of a chief executive who is accessible to the American people. And wants the American people to know what he's doing and what he's thinking.

Rush Limbaugh: There's no deception here. You have somebody -- I don't want to embarrass you here, but you have somebody who thinks this country is great. You have somebody that loves this country, perhaps in ways that many people in politics in the past don't because their view of what America is, is a nation among many in the world.

Rush Limbaugh: President Trump believes in America first, and for this he's hated. For this, he's criticized. America First. There's nothing wrong with America First because America is the good guys. We're the good guys in the world. We are the solution to the world's problems. You have a man here who believes this, who believes your country holds the secret and holds the answer to life improving for citizens and human beings, all over this planet.

Rush Limbaugh: That's the objective that he has, including for people that live in this country. And can you imagine, folks, being hated and reviled for this. And yet he is -- he's hated and reviled for loving America, for believing that America is good. His opponents think America is racist, sexist, bigoted, homophobic, hell, we may as well still be a slave state, as far as they're concerned.

Rush Limbaugh: It's outrageous how they've poisoned the minds of our young people and got our young people hating their own country. Donald Trump has been a -- your arrival on the scene has been providential, I believe, sir. I think you are the -- the one person who has the ability to delay, stave off, stop the left from this inexorable march of theirs into changing this country into things the American people that aren't paying attention have no idea what's in store for them, if they win.

Donald Trump: Well, Rush, this is the -- I appreciate that very much. It's an honor.

Rush Limbaugh: I mean it bottom of my heart, sir.

Donald Trump: I know you do. And this is the most important election that we've ever had. And I used to say '16, I don't even get into that anymore; that's over. This is the most important election that this country has ever had on so many different fronts. There has never been anything like it. We will go the way of -- of -- of failed nations all over Latin America, South America.

Donald Trump: We will go the way of -- of failure like nobody's ever seen on a scale, like nobody's ever seen it. We've been taken advantage of by every nation in the world, including our friends. Our friends, sometimes, are worse than our enemies. We are -- we are -- you know, what I've done with NATO, we were taking -- we were taking care of virtually 100 percent of the military needs of Europe, guarding them from Russia.

Donald Trump: At the same time, they were taking advantage of us on trade and in many ways, they were worse than China. Europe was worse to us on trade than China was. I mean, and I changed so many things. But you know, then they say, oh, in Germany, they don't like Trump as much as they like Obama. Well of course they shouldn't like me because Germany was taking advantage of us like a few countries took advantage.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, what was Angela Merkel doing, making a deal with Russia on that natural gas pipeline? You made that point at NATO. She should have been buying it from us.

Donald Trump: Nobody even knew about that pipeline, until I brought it up. I said, why are you paying Russia billions of dollars and we're protecting you. Tell me, what kind of a deal is this, we're protecting you, but you're giving Russia, every month, billions of dollars for energy.

Rush Limbaugh: What did she say?

Donald Trump: She smiles because she's a very smart one. She knows it. There's no way she can answer the question. I say, you don't have to answer the question, Angela. I like Angela. I get along with her, believe it or not, quite well. But you know, she's a player. And I said, Angela, don't answer the question because I don't want to embarrass you.

Donald Trump: You know, there's no way she can answer the question because she gets away with it, that's why. She's a very smart cunning person and -- but I caught them. Hey, Rush, I got them to pay $130 billion, going to $410 billion more each year, against Russia. Now I get along with Putin. I like Putin. Putin probably, possibly likes me, but I guarantee you one thing, he would have much rather seen crooked Hillary, and I guarantee you'd rather see Biden because Biden is slow.

Donald Trump: Biden is not equipped to be president. He never was at his best day, but he is not equipped now. It's no longer prime time, and not because he's 78 because frankly, at 78, as we said before, I know the sharpest people, they're 85, they're 80. It's not an age. You know, now they're all saying, oh, it's 78. It's not because he's 78. There's something wrong with him, OK? And we can't -- we can be nice about it.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, they know that, that's why -- that's why they're angling to get Kamala the gig.

Donald Trump: There's something wrong with it, and nobody wants to say it. But he can't -- is thoughts are bad. Here's a guy, you talk about access to the press. I've never seen this before and I've watched a lot and I don't know how he gets away. You saw that NBC joke the other night where it's like a child, like you're asking a child questions.

Donald Trump: They don't talk to me that way. When you look at -- when you look at the questions that he gets, and then he reads the answers off a computer. Now, that means that these supposedly legitimate -- but they're not legitimate, you know that better than I do -- these news organizations are giving him questions.

Donald Trump: They're putting them in a computer. He's reading the answers off a computer. I never heard of that before. I've never done that. Can you imagine. Give me the questions, and I'm going to give you an answer off a computer. He's reading the answers off a computer, a lot of times. And if he doesn't do that, he's all mixed up and befuddled.

Donald Trump: And Chris Wallace saved him three times the other night. I mean, he was getting ready to crack, and Chris Wallace, who was terrible by the way, who I think really embarrassed himself and Fox the other night. But Chris Wallace saved him. But can you imagine, you're getting the answers to questions and you're getting the questions themselves, and you're reading the answers back --

Rush Limbaugh: -- They were doing that for Hillary, too. That's how they rigged the game for the Democrats. Look, I got another Biden sound bite here for you.

Donald Trump: One thing I'll say, Hillary was much smarter. Hillary is a much smarter person. You know, I mean, look, Hillary was smart.

Rush Limbaugh: I don't agree with that, but I mean I --

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, I understand, but -- but Hillary was, you know, Hillary didn't need to have answers read, you know, she, she could answer a question. Joe cannot answer a question. Joe, they can answer, they ask him a question, a very simple question, and he's reading it off a computer. He's saying, move the computer, you know, move it, bring it closer.

Donald Trump: Bring it, he couldn't see it, bring it closer.

Rush Limbaugh: Yeah, I know.

Donald Trump: On a question that that anybody could answer. I mean, it's a very simple question. We can't have this. We can be nice, and maybe I'll lose because they'll say I'm not a nice person. I think I am a nice person. I help people. I like to help people, but we can't have this as our president, we really can't, Rush.

Rush Limbaugh: Here's another Biden soundbite for you to react to. This June 7th. This is all the way back in 2006. This is 14 years ago. Now this tells you who the guy is. This is before any of whatever the aging problems that have befallen Vice President Biden. This is -- this is, uh, 2006, or 14 years ago, Manchester, New Hampshire.

Joe Biden: In Delaware, the largest growth in population is Indian Americans, moving from India. You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin Donuts, unless you have a slight Indian accent. I'm not joking.

Rush Limbaugh: Now, you and I say that and we are roasted and excoriated. He says that -- oh, that's just old Joe.

Donald Trump: And we would be, but still, that's a much different man talking there than you see now, a much different man.

Rush Limbaugh: Exactly, right. Uh, ballots, uh, we got -- we got a dwindling time here. Virginia Beach, Virginia, police just confirmed that undelivered mail was found -- this is -- this story is, uh, it might be yesterday or the day before, uh, undelivered mail was found this afternoon in a construction dumpster in the Pungo section of Virginia Beach.

Rush Limbaugh: The man who found it estimates 70 to 80 pounds of mail, USPS, The Postal Service is investigating. And then we have another companion story, mail in ballots in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, uh, have been delayed. Voters are confused and frustrated, 58,000 mail in ballots, one county, sir in one state.

Rush Limbaugh: Extrapolate that to the entire state, 58,000 mail-in ballots, or as the Democrats see it, mail- in fraud. That's another thing that people wanted. What can be done about this?

Donald Trump: Well, look, uh, absentee ballots, where you send in for your ballot, you know, I have an absentee ballot in Florida, you send in and you have to request it and they --

Rush Limbaugh: -- You have to show ID to get one of those. You don't for a mail-in.

Donald Trump: Or sorry, it's not easy, but it's OK. You know, and some people just can't do it. But they send it. It's called absentee. I call it -- I call it a solicited ballot; I like that term better. You solicit and they send it and you fix it, and you send it back in. OK, that's one thing, but they're sending out millions and millions of ballots.

Donald Trump: Are they sending them to all Democrats? Who are they sending them to? Where are they going? You know, etc., etc. This is going to be the second biggest political scandal in history. The first biggest is the -- the Russian crap that we've been going through for three and a half years. That's the biggest. To me, that's the biggest scandal, biggest political scandal in history.

Rush Limbaugh: It is.

Donald Trump: What we've been going through, and now they delay it. You're telling me they delay it. That's going to be my first phone call, by the way.

Rush Limbaugh: Delay the announcement of whatever, yes.

Donald Trump: I think it's just a disgrace, if that's the case. It's a disgrace and I'll say it to anybody that wants to say it, that's a disgrace. But the biggest scandal of all time is that this will be the second biggest scandal. Every day, I'm seeing accounts of ballots that are thrown away. You saw the military ballots that were thrown away with my name on it, the other day.

Donald Trump: Every day, you see scandal about these millions of ballots that's being sent out. It's the single biggest risk in this election.

Rush Limbaugh: See if this kind of stuff were happening to me, if I were a candidate, I'd have my people on this so fast. What are you -- what are you doing about it?

Donald Trump: I have -- we have many lawyers, and we've actually been winning many cases. How about where they have the ballots counted and the ballots have to be in by November 3rd, election day, but they don't have to be counted for two weeks later. Well, that means you're never going to know who won the election, you know, it's going to be two weeks later.

Donald Trump: What -- you know, I want to see on November 3rd who won the election. So do you. You want to turn on your television like we have for the last 50 years and find out who won the election, right? You don't want to say, oh, gee, they have two weeks to count their ballots. and then what happens is all sorts of ballots start showing up, miraculously.

Donald Trump: We're watching it very closely, and we're winning a lot of cases, Rush. You don't see it too much. We just won a big case in North Carolina. We just won a big case in Pennsylvania, I think we're going to win. We're winning a lot of cases. Rhode Island won a big case where the ballots have to be done in a certain way.

Donald Trump: But the best way is to get up -- now I tell you what. Our people, your people, my people, Republican people, they get out and they're all my people as far as -- everyone's my people. But Republicans tend to get out and vote, and that's what they should do. Early voting but at a machine, early voting or voting on November 3rd. And wait till you see the kind of love that's going to be expressed the day those polls open.

Donald Trump: The day those machines open, wait till you see. But the Democrats are sending in 80 percent of theirs by ballot. Now one thing we've noticed, from what I hear and from what I'm reading, is a lot of the ballots, all they're doing is taking from people that would have voted in the first place. They're not a lot of new voters.

Donald Trump: You know, we have many more registered voters than we've -- we've picked up a lot of voters, the Republicans. I think you're going to see a very, very big explosion when those polls open up, Rush, but a large percentage, like 80 percent of the Republicans want to vote. They want to actually go to a poll and vote, whereas it's almost the opposite, for whatever reason, with the Democrat.

Donald Trump: I think you're going to see a very big explosion of voting.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, the Democrats need a little yellow bus showing up, picking them up, take them to the polls. Get there on their own, they've been --

Donald Trump: -- Right, right and then they do the harvesting thing, which is terrible, which is illegal in many places, even with the laws that are being passed where they go around and they start picking up everybody's votes, you know. We have a big enthusiasm gap. Our gap is so much more enthusiastic, you know, like 30, 35 points.

Donald Trump: That's a -- there's never been a gap of enthusiasm between, let's say, me and him that there is. Look at the boat shows. I mean, thousands of boats in the ocean and in the lakes and --

Rush Limbaugh: -- Oh, that's another thing, you know, that -- that Gallup poll that shows 56 percent of the American people think they're better off now than they were four years ago, even in the midst of the pandemic. There's another part of that poll, when they ask people after the -- you know, who do you think's going to win and how do you think -- when they ask people, who do you think is actually going to be elected president?

Rush Limbaugh: You. You are the --

Donald Trump: -- By a lot.

Rush Limbaugh: By a lot, by absolute lot. And that poll that's never been wrong, by the way, sir, that -- that question has never been wrong.

Donald Trump: They say, who is your neighbor going to vote for?

Rush Limbaugh: Yeah, exactly, who do you think your neighbor is going to -- exactly. They know their neighbors. No, because people don't want to get involved. I mean, you know, they -- even the signs, we have signs all over the place. We have signs in states, but they steal the signs, people steal the signs and they're stealing, you know, it's a well-known thing, they're stealing the signs.

Donald Trump: You know, our -- our enthusiasm is far greater than it was four years ago, far greater because they love the job we're doing. And they know this pandemic was a horrible thing that happened to us. It should have never been allowed to happen by China. China is going to pay a big price. And it's one of those things, but it happened.

Donald Trump: And we've done a great job on it. We got no credit. I'll tell you what, if this turns out to be right that this medicine is going to make people better, that's a game changer like nobody's ever seen before, and it's going to happen. It's going to happen, Rush.

Rush Limbaugh: Mr. President, thank you. You have two hours here and I know you've got a jam packed day left on your schedule.

Donald Trump: That's true, but it's an honor. It's an honor to be with you for two hours. You have no idea. It's a great honor.

Rush Limbaugh: Well, it's great to have you here and I know you got -- you got -- you got Brother Levin tonight, you're doing his show tonight, and that's going to be kick ass. So we appreciate it, sir. We love you and I meant everything I said, today. You are the person standing in the way. You are the one that true American patriots have invested their hopes for their future and their kids' future.

Rush Limbaugh: And you are the person they are depending on to stave off this attack on our country that is coming from inside. It's coming from inside our country, as opposed to outside, although that's -- that's happening, too.

Donald Trump: It is, largely -- and, you know, what I say, oftentimes when people say that, I have no choice, I have to do it. I have no choice, and that's what I'm doing.

Rush Limbaugh: Best of luck to you, sir. Thank you so much.