Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-david-brody-cbn-news-june-22-2020

David Brody: President Trump, great to see you again, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, David.

David Brody: Where do I even begin? Let's start with Joe Biden. Uh, if Joe Biden gets elected president of the United States, what does that mean for America exactly?

Donald Trump: Well, I can tell you what it means for your religion. It means choice. It means that you're going to put a radical lefty on the court and that's going to be the end of a pro-life, it won't even have a chance. So, that's what it means. Nobody has been more pro as you know, you've heard it many times. I think you might've said it yourself, but, uh, nobody has been more pro-life as president than I have.

Donald Trump: Now, even went to the recent, uh, they had a fantastic thing, three blocks away in the park and I went to it and I'm the first president that ever went to it. A celebration of the victories of --

David Brody: Of the March for Life, yeah.

Donald Trump: -- between Mexico city. You know what Mexico city is very well, but a lot of your viewers might not, but nobody sends Ronald Reagan and even he was light. His was Mexico city light. Mine is Mexico city strong. You know, if, uh, Biden gets in, he's gonna put -- he's not going to -- Look, he's not going to do -- cause Joe is shot.

Donald Trump: Somebody whoever's going to be running the party is going to put radical left judges on the Supreme court and all over the court system and everything we do. I think I'll have close to 300 judges by the time I finished my first term, hopefully, a lot more than that, but it's -- it's a record number and, uh, we have pro-life, these are pro-life judges.

Donald Trump: So, uh, and you look at the Supreme court they're pro-life. So we'll see what happens. We will, uh, I think we're gonna win. I think we're gonna win maybe big because we've done a job like nobody else. You know, we were sailing and then we got hit with the, uh, Chinese virus, but we were sailing. We were so far up and we were doing very well.

Donald Trump: And then all of a sudden it was an artificial situation that happened to us. So we had to turn it off. We had to turn off the economy. We did the right thing. We saved millions of lives and now we're turning it back on and we're doing record business. We're doing record jobs. As you know, were announced last week we have record retail sales was announced last week and I think it's going to be a V-shape.

Donald Trump: A lot of people disagreed with me, now they're all agreeing with me, but we're doing well. But in terms of religion, in terms of Evangelical, in terms of Christians with or without Evangelical in terms of, uh, Jewish, in terms of anything, you're going to have radical left judges appointed. And if you're in favor of pro-life, you can forget it.

David Brody: What do you think of what happened with Neil Gorsuch in the six-three decision with the LGBT civil rights? That was a shock to a lot of folks.

Donald Trump: I was surprised, I was surprised. Uh, some people felt that it was a -- a decision that they weren't as surprised as I was. I was surprised.

David Brody: And John Roberts, what do you make? I mean, it's even new Anthony Kennedy or -- or potentially worse?

Donald Trump: Well, so far we're not doing too well. It shows -- it says, look, we've had a lot of losses --

David Brody: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- with a court that was supposed to be in our favor. This is just to show what means we need, you know, you'll probably have a couple of more judges in the next four years. It could even be more than that. It could be three or four. If you have a radical left group of judges, religion, I think will be almost wiped out in America.

Donald Trump: If you look at it, pro-life will be absolutely wiped out. So if you have that happening, pro-life is going to be out. It's going to be gone.

David Brody: What do you make of the state of the race right now? We've seen polls, even some friendly polls showing you behind. You buy any of that?

Donald Trump: I don't cause I see so -- so much enthusiasm right now. I see so much enthusiasm and a lot of it in terms of what you're talking about has to do with the whole pro-life movement. A lot of it has to do with it. Um, but I think we're doing much better than we did in 16. And I think there's actually more enthusiasm than there is in 16.

David Brody: Why do you think that?

Donald Trump: I just think it, I think that it's -- I feel it. I mean, I see it. Now, we got hit with this horrible pandemic, but we've done a great job. We came up with testing, frankly, we test so much that it's almost unfair. You know, when they say cases where 25 million tests and other countries are barely even testing.

Donald Trump: So when it shows that we have more cases, but a lot of them are AC, well, a lot of them are things that we find. We find things to feed to the press because I'm a big fan of testing, but we are at a level that nobody's ever even imagined before, 25 million. We're 20 million higher, approximately than the next highest nation.

Donald Trump: So if you're a 20 million higher, you're going to find more cases and then they're going to report, oh, there's more cases. But in the end, we're doing the right thing.

David Brody: At the Tulsa rally. When the media is hitting you on that, where you said, I told my staff stop the testing, they're saying -- Was that tongue in cheek? Or --

Donald Trump: It's semi tongue in cheek. I say it all the time. I know it, when some people thought it was tongue in cheek. It's unfair. We're doing so much testing so much more than any other country. And to be honest with you, when you do more testing, you find more cases. And then they report our cases that through the roof, but other countries -- many countries don't even test with real quality outside of people that are very sick.

Donald Trump: So we go out and we test 25 million people, which is a lot. You never thought that was even possible. Most people did. And we could go up a lot higher than that. And I guess we are, but I tell my people, it's a double-edged sword because we do so much testing. And again, we have kids with sniffles and all of a sudden we report a case and there are no danger whatsoever.

Donald Trump: You know, if you look at the numbers below 18, very few people are affected. The governor of New Jersey, who's a very good guy, but very liberal, that's OK.

David Brody: Right.

Donald Trump: But he was telling me thousands of deaths and they only had one under 18. Think of it, one young person who died under the age of 18 with thousands of deaths. So that tells you their immune system or something -- something is doing well. And the one person did have a medical problem.

David Brody: But just to clear up, there wasn't a direct order if you will to [Inaudible] the staff to stop the testing?

Donald Trump: No, but I think it's, I think we put ourselves at a disadvantage. I told my people, I said, we've gotten so good at testing. Number one, we have the best test. Number two, we have the most tests. We test much more than any other nation. So you hear about all these cases. So instead of doing 25 million tests, let's say we did 10 million tests.

Donald Trump: We'd look like we're doing much better because we'd have far fewer, fewer cases. You understand that? I didn't, I wouldn't do that, but I will say this, we do so much more than other countries. It makes us in a way look bad, but actually we're doing the right thing.

David Brody: Speaking of making you a bad, the mainstream media, I put that in quotes, the liberal media has really hammered juicing stay one before. When you came -- the escalator, the escalator.

Donald Trump: Before day one.

David Brody: For sure. So what about Fox news? What's -- What's -- Why do you -- What's going on with Fox news exactly? You've been very critical on that.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I don't, I don't like what they're doing at Fox news.

David Brody: Why is that?

Donald Trump: They have people on that, uh, network that are horrible, vicious. You have people that work for Schumer. You have people that, uh, are unbelievably against us and viciously -- and they spew lies, commentators. It's I -- I'm not happy with Fox, I will tell you that right now. People think I should be happy, I'm not happy with Fox at all.

Donald Trump: All I do is give them good ratings. And frankly, uh, and -- and my supporters feel the same way. You know, there was a study the other day and I -- Believe it or not in The Washington Post that I have probably possibly the strongest base in history, the history of politics, OK. Could be. And my base hates what Fox News is doing.

Donald Trump: Compare them to the old days with Roger Ailes, because you have to understand we're against CNN and we're against MSDNC, which is, you know, right, you know what that is. And there are two horrible networks and they don't put anything. They put nothing ever positive. Whereas Fox News wants to be politically correct all of a sudden.

Donald Trump: So Fox News, I'm not happy with them, but that's OK. And they can do whatever they want. Uh, I think my people understand it and I understand it. But Roger Ailes would have never let this happen. We have a hundred percent against a hundred percent, those two. And you know, our people are the ones that got Fox to be in first place.

Donald Trump: The only one that doesn't know that is Fox. The Trump supporters do not like Fox. We have great people, Sean Hannity, Laura, Fox and Friends, you know, etc., etc. But, uh, you watch Fox, watch Fox, try watching Fox sometime over the weekend. It's like a complete hit job during the day, during the day weekend, it's like a hit job on President Trump.

Donald Trump: And the problem is you have other networks. The other two are, you know, radical. Now you have other new ones come. Newsmax is doing a great job. OAN has been, uh, fantastic, it went really fantastic, they've been great. Uh, but uh, no, I'm not happy with Fox.

David Brody: Let me ask you, um, I don't want to talk about the John Bolton book, but I -- but he did say something in that book about the media. He said it's something about you saying journalists should be jailed and then executed. I mean, you want to respond to that?

Donald Trump: He made it up. Look, he's admitted that he will lie. He's admitted that. There was a report that I saw where he will admit that he will lie in order to get the job done. I gave John Bolton and he lied. I gave John Bolton a great opportunity. And by the way, the things -- many of the things he said, there were many other people in the room because it's not like I'm alone with one person.

David Brody: Right.

Donald Trump: I have a lot -- a big delegation with me and they've got a big delegation. And Steve Mnuchin came out and Mike Pompeo came out and Mick Mulvaney came out. Many people -- they all came out and they said, it's a lie. He's a liar, I fired him, I got him out, he was no good, only want to do is bomb people. Now, I don't mind having an opposing point of view.

Donald Trump: And frankly, I think I used him very well because when people saw him, they know he was sorta crazy. And maybe it helped me negotiate good deals, frankly. But he was terrible. He had no personality. Uh, he had no warmth. What I -- I don't think I've ever seen this guy smile. Have you ever seen him smile?

Donald Trump: I said, John, do you have a smile? And he didn't even know how to answer the question. You know, John, um, John was washed up and I took him and I gave him something. He couldn't get Senate confirmed because they hated him. They hated him. And they thought he was a whack job. I asked him, do me a favor, tell me, are you still happy with the decision?

Donald Trump: You push it so hard to go into Iraq. He said, yes. I said, you happy? We spent almost $8 trillion in the Middle East because of that decision. You think it was a good decision? Yes. I said this guy's bit. And then of course the Libyan model, you remember the Libyan model? One of the stupidest things ever said on television was said by John Bolton.

Donald Trump: So, uh, he was pretty much gone early on, but we kept him around and, uh, he went out and wrote a book. And by the way, the judge made a tremendous statement. I mean, do you see what the judge said about the release of classified material? I think John bolt has got a big problem, plus he's not going to be able to keep his money.

Donald Trump: I don't think there's a chance that he's going to be able to keep it as money. So we'll see what happens.

David Brody: I want to turn the Evangelicals a little bit, one of the criticisms and what you've done, a boatload for Evangelicals for sure. As a matter of fact, you've over-delivered for Evangelicals, but the question that --

Donald Trump: More than any president in history by a factor of 10.

David Brody: Yeah. I don't think anybody would actually disagree with that. Um, let me ask you this about the law and order president and balancing that with compassion, because the Evangelicals that may want to go away from you, a percentage or two will say, they want to see more balance, especially with everything going on with George Floyd and coronavirus, they want it. So what is it exactly in that maybe in the future or what you've done this administration from a compassion standpoint that people should be aware of?

Donald Trump: Well, let me tell you, you have George Floyd.

David Brody: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But you also had 14 people killed this weekend in Chicago.

David Brody: Right.

Donald Trump: So you got to balance them out. You're going to say, wait a minute, we need law and order. And it's run -- They're all of these problems, Seattle, Portland, Chicago, uh, you could go to Oakland, you could go to Baltimore. What do they have in common? They're run by liberal Democrats, just like Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: Our nation will go to hell if he gets elected. You have 401ks which are now setting records. We'll go down maybe to nothing, maybe to dust because he's going to raise everybody's taxes. He has no idea what he's doing anyway. You know that he didn't when he was in prime time 20 years ago, you know, he never got more than 1%. I used to call them 1% Joe, and then Obama took him off the trash ship [ph]. And -- and it's -- it's a fluke.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows how this happened. He's running against these other people, whether you like their views or not, they were competent. And he got through that whole mess, right?

David Brody: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And now he's sitting in a basement and he doesn't want to come out. And this is what we're going to have. If he got elected, China will own the United States.

David Brody: Do you think you're the underdog in this race? Um, I don't know. I think we have tremendous support. I really do. I think it's the silent majority. There is a silent majority happened last time. Remember the people came out and everyone said, where did all these people come from? And it really is -- It's -- it's a group of people that's massive and they work and they're smart and they're brilliant, and they're this and that.

David Brody: Everything is good. And many Evangelicals are in that group. You know, I got a tremendous Evangelical support. I had, I mean, Christian support was incredible for me.

David Brody: It was.

Donald Trump: It was incredible. And I think it should be better because before I was talking, even you said, well, are you sure? And I said, I'm sure, but now I've done it. Again, they said, I'm the most pro-life president in history by far, more so than Ronald Reagan. And -- So now I've established my credentials before I was just talking.

Donald Trump: You ought to ask a guy like a Biden or ask his campaign, give a list of judges, see where they stand on pro-life, see where they stand on it. You will not be able to get that because they're going to put an absolute radical lefty in there in the Supreme court.

David Brody: I want to ask --

Donald Trump: And other judges.

David Brody: Just on -- On the Evangelical front, I've asked Sarah Sanders this, Mike Pompeo, they all give me the same answer. I say, "Was president Trump put in office for such a time as this? Did God put President Trump in office for such a time as this?" I never asked you that question. What do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know what they said specifically.

David Brody: They said yes.

Donald Trump: OK. Because I have had Ben Carson said the same thing. You know, Ben Carson came to me cause he ran a very effective campaign and he did a good job. He really did. You know, he came in one of the top people and uh, he said to me, "You know, you're gonna win." I said, "Ben, I'm running against you. What are you telling me?" He said, "You're going to win because God put you here for this occasion." I said, what a lovely thing to say.

Donald Trump: That was the first one that I heard it from Ben Carson. And it was during the campaign I was running against him. And he was saying, I'm going to win. He's a very high-quality guy. He's done a great job in the administration.

David Brody: You buy that? Do you buy what he was saying?

Donald Trump: Uh, I almost don't even want to think about it, because you know what, all I'm going to do is I -- I hope it's true. All I'm going to do is I'm going to do my best. And part of -- of what I'm doing my best on is for the religious community be -- beyond Evangelical. Evangelicals are a very big part, it's very important to me. You know, we have great support.

Donald Trump: I was so honored when Franklin Graham said that his father voted for me. And that was something that Billy Graham has never announced who he was voting for. But Franklin Graham said his father voted for -- He went public with it as you know. To me, that was a big moment because I have such respect for Franklin and for the family and Billy, Billy Graham is -- Billy Graham is Billy Graham, right?

Donald Trump: But when he said that his father, his last vote was for me and his father never announced who he was voting for, would never talk about it. Um, no, I think I have a great -- I think I have great support. There's a lot of hidden support, uh, people in our country that don't riot, that don't protest, that don't, you know, they work hard.

Donald Trump: Uh, they never had a voice until like, meaning, over the last long period of time, we call them the forgotten men and women. They were the forgotten. They were very successful. They were -- they do a great job. They're smart, they have everything, but they were forgotten by the politicians. They showed up in 16. I think they're going to show up in larger numbers in 20.

David Brody: My last question, because I said, I would ask about the deep state, which has been after you for ever, for a long time on Obama and the spying situation, this idea that they were spying on your campaign. You've been asked before about what crime he would have potentially committed. But I remember you talking John Weaver.

Donald Trump: It's treason.

David Brody: That's what I was going to ask you.

Donald Trump: Look. It's true. It's OK. That's what I came out a long time ago. I said they'd been spying on my campaign. I said they've been taping. And that was in quotes, meaning a modern-day version of taping. It's all the same thing, but a modern-day version. But they've been spying on my campaign. I told you that a long time ago, it turned out I was right.

Donald Trump: Let's see what happens to them now. Uh, Durham is -- I never met Durham because I want to stay out of it. Cause otherwise, it's gonna look political. But Durham, as you know is a highly respected person. And Bill Barr is doing a great job as attorney general. Let's see what they come up with, but they don't have to tell me. All I have to do is read the papers, the insurance policy, in case she doesn't win, we've got insurance policy.

Donald Trump: Well, that was all the stuff that we went through over the last, let's say two-and-a-half years, now we caught them. We caught them, called Struck and Page, the two lovers. Brennan and Clapper, the way they lied.

David Brody: Democrats can't stand Barr. Bill Barr.

Donald Trump: Homey. They can't stand who?

David Brody: Bill Barr. They just think he's poli --

Donald Trump: You know why? Because he's doing such a good job. Because he's law and order, but he's got them in his crosshairs and now we have to see what's going to happen. I will say this, if it were reversed and if the other side sat where at the oval office, right in that chair, behind the resolute desk and it was the opposite.

Donald Trump: Two years ago, 25 people would have been convicted and they would be sent to jail for 50 years. And by the way, if it were a hundred years ago or 50 years ago, they would have been executed. But we are at a different time. We're in a different time. You understand what I mean by that. They spied on the opposing party's campaign and we caught them.

Donald Trump: And I just hope I get tremendous evangelical Christian support because, and I'm not saying this as a bragging thing, nobody has done more for religion than I have. Look what I've done in Israel, which is a big thing with the Evangelicals.

David Brody: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: In many respects is more important to the Evangelicals than to Jewish people in this country. But look what I've done with the capital of -- of Israel. You know, when you, when you go into Jerusalem, what I've done, every president said they were going to make Jerusalem, the capital of Israel. And then when they got into office, they didn't do it. When I say every, many from, you know, for decades, they've all been camp, they campaign.

Donald Trump: And I understand why because when I got into office, as soon as they thought I was even considering it, I was called by so many world leaders asking me in the strongest of terms not to do it. And they all changed their mind. Not that they change their mind, they just didn't do it. I did it, uh, Golan Heights, I did, you know, probably the biggest thing I did for Israel was Iran breaking that horrible deal made by President Obama, $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash.

Donald Trump: So I've done a lot for religion and I've done a lot for the evangelicals and I hope we can have your support. And if Biden gets even 1%, that would be terrible. And uh, you can forget about the pro-life movement cause it'll be -- it will be over.

David Brody: Mr. President, your time is valuable. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you so much, David.

David Brody: Thank you so much.