Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-august-17-2020

Note: [This transcript was provided by Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends. It was cross-checked and confirmed for accuracy. Text and video courtesy of Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends]

Brian Kilmeade: Hi, everybody. Welcome to a special hour of Fox and Friends. Why is it special? Steve, Ainsley, do you have any idea why?

Steve Doocy: I think it could be our special guest who's going to be calling in in just a moment. Donald Trump is joining us right now on the newsmaker line. Mr. President, good morning to you.

Ainsley Earhardt: Good morning.

Donald Trump: Good morning. Hi.

Steve Doocy: Listen. You know, a lot of people have been thinking about you and your family over the weekend. I know you were able to get to the hospital before your brother, Robert, died here in New York City. We are so sorry for your loss.

Donald Trump: Well I appreciate it. This was not a great weekend. It's very hard. You knew it was going to happen, but still when it happens it's a very tough thing. He was a great guy. He was a tremendous guy. He was my friend. I guess they say best friend, and that's true. And losing him, not easy.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, I'll tell you what I've noticed firsthand. I was -- I went two of your finales. One our buddy Geraldo with The Apprentice was in the final, and he foolishly thought he was going to win, but your brother was in the audience, and I could not believe he -- the warm feelings towards you, how proud he was even though as a younger brother.

Brian Kilmeade: That was also my first time to really see you interact with your family, and in the breaks your grandchildren would run up to you and he tapped me on the shoulder and he says, I'll tell you fundamentally people look at the Trumps as this bigger than life family. He goes we're just like every other family.

Brian Kilmeade: And we just saw all the grandchildren jump around you even though you were about to announce the winner in a matter of minutes. They don't really see that side of you, and too bad people didn't see how much you -- how you and Robert interacted more.

Donald Trump: Well, we did interact and he was always there and he was -- you know, he wasn't a jealous person. He was a very smart guy, but he wasn't -- you know, he would be there and he'd be behind me. And if I'd be -- if I had the number one show, if I had a big success, and no matter what I did whether it was real estate deals or anything else he was right there.

Donald Trump: In many cases helped me very much with whatever I did. And then when I became president he was I think one of the most loyal people. There was no jealously. You know, a lot of times in families, I hate to say it, but here's jealously, especially among children and among children that are competitive children because he was very competitive.

Donald Trump: There was not an ounce of jealously. He'd go around talking about how great this is for the country, and it's so incredible and he was my biggest fan. People would tell me all the time I spoke to your brother and your brother was so thrilled and so thrilled at what was happening and what was happening for the country.

Donald Trump: He was so angry with China because of what happened where the plague came in and they shouldn't have allowed it to happen. They could have stopped it. He was so upset by that. It was -- he couldn't -- more than people would be upset. A lot of people have already forgotten and you can't forget, but he was a fantastic guy.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well we're very sorry for your loss, and -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well thanks, Ainsley.

Ainsley Earhardt: -- you've been in my thoughts and prayers. Your family has. So Bernie is going to speak tonight. DNC kicks off tonight as you know, and Joe Biden will be in his home in his basement. No one's actually going to Milwaukee. Everyone's going to do this virtually. What do you expect this week?

Donald Trump: Well I'm going to Wisconsin. I can tell you that.

Brian Kilmeade: You are. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And we'll be doing a lot of interviews and a lot of -- I guess I'm making a speech, and it's a great place. And we won it last time. I think we're going to win it this time. I was told every lawn has the Trump sign practically out there, and there are no Biden signs on anybody's. So anyway, so I don't know.

Donald Trump: You know, look, I see things. Although crazy CNN, as bad as they are, I guess there was a poll that I was 14 down, and I picked up 10 in the last month.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: Ten points. So, that's the crazy thing. But, no, I -- I think -- I see much more spirit than we had even in, you know, 2016 was record breaking everything. I mean, it was probably the most exciting night in the history of politics, I mean according to most. And -- of course, I'm not sure about the other side, but according to most.

Donald Trump: And I think I see more spirit -- did you see down in Florida the boat parade yesterday?

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: They broke the Guinness Book of World Records, and the boats -- just thousands of boats and that's all over the country. It's everywhere you have a lake or a river or an ocean, there's these massive number of boats, and Bikers for Trump, I think I'm at 99 percent and they're trying to figure out who the other one percent is.

Donald Trump: And law enforcement, I just got the New York City Police, according to every source you could look at, it was the first time they've ever given an endorsement. Pat Lynch is a fantastic guy who heads it up. He said, it's the first they've ever done it. And so, we just got the New York City Police endorsement.

Donald Trump: And that's called law and order, and I understand I'm getting some really big ones -- people that don't give endorsements, you know, generally speaking. Police groups don't give endorsements, but they're giving me the endorsement. They're tired of what's happening and we can stop that so easy. In fact, if Chicago and any of these places that are having such -- they would call us and we'd stop it in a matter of minutes like we did in Minneapolis.

Donald Trump: Minneapolis was out of control, then they finally brought in the National Guard and you saw the scene, they walked right through the streets like it was a knife cutting butter, it was over, it stopped. They should have called five or six days earlier, but they didn't do that because of pride or because of something, but we ended that in about an hour.

Brian Kilmeade: So, a couple of things, Governor Cuomo was asked about the crime in New York City, where there was 76 shootings over the weekend, 14 fatalities, they've already passed the year in terms of total shootings, and that was in July. It's a -- it is a mess, you wouldn't even recognize this place. I know you were here briefly.

Brian Kilmeade: But Governor Cuomo was asked about it, he goes, well Donald Trump kind of set the tone for this with his attitude in Charlottesville, so he's partially responsible for the rise in violence in this country. What's your reaction to that?

Donald Trump: Well, he brings up Charlottesville, I wish he'd listen to Laura Ingraham, who is a very, very good and talented person, who covers Charlottesville and she said, what Trump did was absolutely -- there was nothing wrong, it was perfect. He got saddled -- you know they saddle you with things and when Cuomo says that and -- Cuomo -- that's why these people don't get -- you know, when they go to Washington, and they want to be friends and then they make statements like that and then we turn our back on them because they're just bad people.

Donald Trump: You know, they make up lies, they make up stories. Look at the job he did on the nursing home, and the press is trying to sweep it under the table. But, if he said a thing like that, he's just a bad guy. You know, what can you do? You have a different type in New Jersey, he's a -- he's a very liberal guy, but, you know, he's somebody that's paid a lot of respect for the job we've done on the coronavirus.

Donald Trump: We had to stock up all these states, 50 states, none of them were prepared for this, none of them. And we ended making so many ventilators that we're giving them out to the rest of the world which desperately needs them, 188 countries and, you know, a lot of the governors, even if they're on the Democrat lean, they're Democrats, they're saying we did a -- we did an incredible job.

Donald Trump: We have a stockpile. We had no stockpile; we had nothing in this country. And now we have a stockpile, a tremendous stockpile that can handle anything. And when the -- when they governors called, they should do it themselves, they should be able to get this equipment themselves, but if they can't, we've got -- we've got equipment like nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: So, you know, we're ready. But, we did this on the fly, we did this -- I always said, the cupboards were bare when we came in, which is true, we didn't have ventilators and neither did governors have ventilators, you know, for the most part they didn't have enough. And I don't blame a lot of people for that, because who would have ever thought a thing like this could happen, but it did happen.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And we have -- we mobilized -- they say it's the biggest mobilization since World War II, and that's true. And we have generals doing it, generals and admirals.

Steve Doocy: Yes. There was quite a learning curve in the beginning because we did not quite understand exactly what the coronavirus was. Fast forward to today --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Steve Doocy: -- we've got a better handle on it, whereas your government, the federal government is, the way you describe it, is pretty much all hands on deck. But, Mr. President, tonight Governor Cuomo is going to be giving one of the speeches. We know that Michelle Obama's going to be speaking, AOC during the week is going to get a minute, Bernie Sanders is going to get eight minutes tonight.

Steve Doocy: What does that -- when you look across the political spectrum when you've got AOC, you've got Bernie Sanders, you've got the Clintons as well. The Democratic Party has a lot of moving parts with a lot of people pulling it in different directions right now. The big question is, can they unite around Joe Biden who's got to be everything to everybody?

Donald Trump: Well I know all those people very well. You remember I beat them all last time. I beat Clinton, I beat Obama. You know, everyone said, oh, Obama got into the campaign.

Brian Kilmeade: Kasich.

Donald Trump: I said so what? I mean, Obama got in, so what? And he worked harder for Clinton than she worked for herself. Obama was all over the place. I kept saying, you know, this guy's campaigning harder than she is. And -- but we beat them and like in Georgia he was -- he spent a lot of time with Michelle and with Oprah in Georgia for their candidate, and I spent mine for Brian, as you know, Brian Kemp.

Donald Trump: And Brian won the primary and he then won the state. But we've had many, many successes and the big one would be ours. Now, these are the same people I beat last time, and they're not going to unite because they can't unite. They don't know how to unite. And also Bernie's very unhappy but actually Biden went further left and Bernie wanted him to and Bernie's still unhappy.

Donald Trump: I mean he -- you'll never make this guy happy.

Steve Doocy: Well Mr. President -- Mr. President, they --

Donald Trump: I call him crazy -- I call him Crazy Bernie for a reason. You'll never make him happy.

Steve Doocy: Well, they are united. They're going to essentially say that Donald Trump's got to get kicked out of office because of your coronavirus response.

Donald Trump: Well, I think according to most, the real people, not the fake news and this press that we're running against, because my biggest opponent isn't Biden, it's not the Democrats, it's the corrupt media. We have a corrupt media in this country, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. And no matter what you do -- I will say, we made a deal with Israel and the UAE on Friday.

Donald Trump: It was essentially signed and it was -- it got great press. I couldn't believe it. I was like -- I was shocked. First time in really 45 years, I guess they would say 25 but for a different reason it's much longer than that and now others are falling in line. We're doing peace in the Middle East. We're bringing our soldiers back home from Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: We've got very few left. We're dealing on that. We're bringing them home from Syria. We're bringing them home from Iraq. These endless wars, they never stop. We end up acting as policemen not fighters. We destroyed ISIS, as you know. We got rid of al-Baghdadi. We got rid of -- I mean what we have done is -- and then of course Soleimani.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden it started falling into place. The big thing, we broke that horrible deal that was made by Biden and Obama, the worst deal ever. $150 billion they paid and $1.8 billion in cash and they made a deal with Iran, the worst deal. I had to get out of that deal. This could have never happened.

Donald Trump: You're going to end up with peace in the Middle East, real peace in the Middle East. And by the way UAE was the leader, and they signed the first one and now all of the countries -- almost all are calling, well, what about us? We want to sign, too.

Brian Kilmeade: Who's next?

Donald Trump: And it's an incredible thing for Israel, it's incredible for the evangelicals, by the way, the evangelicals love Israel, love Israel. So, we're doing things that nobody else would do or could do.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, Mr. President, I know today you're going to be in Minnesota and Wisconsin, tomorrow Arizona and Thursday Pennsylvania. What do you say to the critics that say traditionally an opponent doesn't go out and campaign during the other party's convention?

Donald Trump: Well, I have no choice because we have a fake media in this country, so I have to work. I don't have the time not to. And we have a guy that doesn't come out of his basement, and the media covers him. And look at me, I go and ask questions. When they ask me questions, I have these people there's fire out of their eyes coming.

Donald Trump: They're asking me questions, and I see the fire is burning in their eyes and I'm looking at some of them, I said, boy, how could you have so much hatred? And we're having such success. If the virus didn't come, this would've been the most successful in history, and now on top of the virus, the stock market looks like it's going to be setting new records.

Donald Trump: Nasdaq already did. And we're going to have an economy that -- we're going to have an economy when you see the numbers in the third quarter, which fortunately get announced prior to the election on November 3rd. The numbers are going to be astronomical --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- the numbers are going to be the great -- probably the greatest GDP numbers in history. And you see the retail sales numbers are the best in history. Think of it. The retail sales increases -- the best in history and most importantly, the unemployment numbers we're setting records on employing people.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Big records.

Brian Kilmeade: Still --

Donald Trump: And somebody like Biden, he doesn't know what to do. He doesn't come out because he can't. He doesn't take any questions from reporters. I keep saying to my people, you know, here I am getting bombs thrown at me every day by people that are totally, you know, frankly, dishonest reporters, but I'm getting -- they're espousing the view of the radical left.

Donald Trump: But here I am, bombs every day, every day, every day and do a good job in handling it. That's why my polls have gone up 10 or 12 points. I don't believe they were ever there, by the way. I think they are phony polls. I think they are suppression polls. You know, these suppression polls, they're supposed to suppress your enthusiasm, but they make our people angrier.

Donald Trump: But this guy doesn't come out of his basement, and he hasn't taken one question. Somebody said yesterday, I don't know if this is so, but he hasn't answered one question in months, and you really say can he? Now look, if he were president, he's dealing against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-un -- by the way, whatever happened?

Donald Trump: We were to go into war according to Obama and Hillary Clinton with North Korea. There's no war. And I get along with him --

Brian Kilmeade: Right. Mr. President, let me ask you about China because I know you're supposed to have a virtual meeting with them to update on the trade deal. You canceled it. They also, in the last two weeks, set up a trade deal with Iran, kind of circumventing your sanctions. They also voted against keeping the arms embargo away from Iran along with Russia.

Brian Kilmeade: So where are we at with China? Why did you cancel it? Is it because they were not living up to the first phase or just because of the residue from the virus?

Donald Trump: China has taken advantage of our country for 25 years like nobody else -- $400, $500, almost $600 billion a year we'd lose on a regular basis for many, many -- for decades with China. A one-way street. We didn't even have -- it wasn't that we had a bad deal. We never even had a deal. I made a great deal with them, in fact, last week, they ordered the largest order of corn in history.

Donald Trump: Largest order of corn.

Brian Kilmeade: So they were living up to it? They were living up to the deal?

Donald Trump: They are living -- they are more than living up to it. Last week -- because they know I'm very angry at them, because this should have never happened. They made the largest order of corn, the largest order of soybeans in history. They made the largest beef order that they've done in a long time. They are going the opposite way because they know how I feel, because look, they can't make it without us.

Donald Trump: Without us ordering -- if we ever decoupled from China, they would fail, OK? They would fail. We pay them so much money, our representatives, our president, you have to stop, our presidents -- and not only Obama, he got taken to the cleaners, him and Biden. But they all did. And China had the worst year in 67 years last year but then the plague came in, so we made a great trade deal.

Donald Trump: You see that with the farmers, the farmers are happy. They're not even complaining. In fact, my biggest problem is they're so happy they want me to do nothing. I can't forget that they allowed this to happen to the United States and, by the way, Europe and the rest of the world. This happened to the world, not only us.

Donald Trump: You know, when they report -- they don't report what's going on because they have new flare-ups in Germany, they have new flare-ups in France, and Spain and Italy. They have flare-ups all over the place. They keep saying --

Brian Kilmeade: Australia.

Donald Trump: -- we've done phenomenally on this thing and we're a very big country. You look at what's happening in Brazil, look what's happening in Sweden. Look at Sweden. They talk about do it the Swedish way, Sweden is having a very hard time.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: OK, so it's really something I can't forget, Brian, that -- I mean, what they've done to this world, and I just can't say gee, we made a great trade deal. So I'm having a very hard time. And China knows it and that's why they're ordering much more than we -- I mean, they're ordering more than we've ever done, which is very smart.

Brian Kilmeade: Wow. But you still canceled it --

Donald Trump: A stupid country --

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Brian, a stupid country would say we don't want to do anything.

Brian Kilmeade: I just want to follow this up because we just --

Donald Trump: A smart country would do what they're doing.

Brian Kilmeade: We just got a report from your Secretary of State that he is putting additional sanctions on Huawei. Do you know -- do you want to expand on that? And --

Donald Trump: Yes, we don't want their equipment in the United States because they spy on us, and any country that uses it, we're not going to do anything in terms of sharing intelligence. Absolutely, Huawei is a disaster. They used to have free reign over our country. They know everything -- they knew everything we were doing.

Donald Trump: Huawei is a way of -- is really -- I call it the spyway. What happens is Huawei comes out, and they spy on our country. This is very intricate stuff. You have microchips, you have things that you can't even see, the average person and beyond the average person, the people that do this can't even find it.

Donald Trump: No, they spy. U.K., European -- and the European Union, but they were going to go, we said if you go we're not going to share intelligence with you, that's OK. And with U.K. we said we love Scotland Yard very much but we're not going to do business with you because if you use the Huawei system, that means they are spying on you, that would mean they're spying on us.

Donald Trump: And I've gotten just about every country to drop it. It's -- look, China did a terrible thing to us. They could have stopped it. They stopped this disease. I call it the China virus. They stopped it and stopped it cold from going into China, but they decided not to stop it from going into the U.S. and the rest of the world.

Donald Trump: And I did something that Biden totally fought me on. He fought me. He didn't know what he was talking about. He just took a guess at it. But I put a ban on people on people coming in from China, and Dr. Fauci said Trump saved hundreds of thousands of lives because even he didn't want it. Most people -- almost nobody want it -- I wanted it and it was done in January.

Donald Trump: A month later, Pelosi and everybody are saying there's no problem with this disease. I put an early ban. If I didn't put that ban on -- [Crosstalk]

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- and frankly if I didn't close up the country, because frank -- we had the greatest economy in history. I closed up the country. We saved millions of lives. Instead of the numbers that you're looking at now, you could have multiplied them by 10, 15, or 20 times. It would have been not even sustainable to watch.

Donald Trump: It would not have been sustainable or acceptable. I then -- and now we're opening up our country. We understand the disease. We're careful with our seniors. We're careful with our nursing homes because of seniors, older people, especially older people with a heart problem or a diabetes problem, with a problem, they are really susceptible to damage by this horrible -- I call it the plague.

Donald Trump: It's the plague from China -- the plague from China. So what happens is -- but the young children handle it very well. I want to open the schools. I hope Big Ten is going to do it. I tell you what, we got to play football. They put out false rumors. They say I wonder if people are angry that Trump closed up football.

Donald Trump: I'm the one that's fighting for it to open, and a lot of it is opened. I've got a call from Trevor Lawrence, the great quarterback from Clemson. He was fantastic, and -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: Yes. Well, Mr. President, I want to -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- he called me out of the blue, and he said we want to play football. Go ahead.

Steve Doocy: Well a lot of people do want to see football played and getting back to normal. And on Capitol Hill things are going to get back to normal. It sounds like on Saturday Nancy Pelosi has called the House back from their recess because she says, you know, you're messing up the Post Office. She sent a letter out to her colleagues, to the Democrats and said, "Alarmingly, across the nation, we see the devastating effects of the President's campaign to sabotage the election by manipulating the Postal Service to disenfranchise voters." You know, we know that the Postal Service has not been efficient for decades, and we know you hired a guy to try to streamline and make it work better, but at the same time, fewer people are using the Post Office because we're doing email for so many things.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Steve Doocy: And the Postal Service sent out a note and said, you know, hey, different states have different requirements. Some states you can request a ballot three days before the election, and we don't know that we can get them the ballot and get it back in time. So, can you -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yes, sure.

Steve Doocy: -- explain how you are sabotaging the Postal Service?

Donald Trump: Yes. Well no, I'm just making it good. We have a very, very good business guy running it, and I want to make -- I jokingly say, but it's true. I want to make the Post Office great again, OK? The Post Office lost $78 billion over a very short period of time. Think of it, over the last 10, 12 years. Something like that. $78 billion, with a B, billion.

Donald Trump: And we're making it so it's going to be good, and we're going to take care of our postal workers above all. We're not firing people, but the way they ran that thing for many years. This isn't a Trump thing.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: There was a big editorial by you know who over the weekend. This isn't a Trump thing. This has been one of the disasters of the world the way it's been run. It's been run horribly, and we're going to make it good. Now, what am I supposed to do? Let it continue to run badly? So if you fix it they say, oh, he's tampering with the election.

Donald Trump: No, we're not tampering. First of all, absentee ballots like in Florida, those are great things. You send for it, you ask for it, they send it to you, you send it back with your vote. Those are great things. Universal ballots where they drop millions of ballots into a community, into a state like New Jersey is doing now, it's going to be a disaster.

Donald Trump: Look at Nevada, what's going on over there, it's going to be a disaster. No signature verification. You can -- you can bundle up. You can -- they call it harvest. I mean, harvest is -- harvesting is illegal in most places, and they're letting you harvest. It's going to be a disaster. And just one thing.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what happened in New York. Disaster. Paterson, New Jersey, disaster. Virginia, disaster. It's a disaster what's going on. They can't count the ballots. They don't know where the ballots are being sent.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yes?

Steve Doocy: One other -- one follow up to that is, do you think part of this is because Nancy Pelosi has been unable to get her very expensive, I think $3.5 trillion coronavirus bill passed, but in that bill is $25 billion for the Postal Service to make sure they've got the resources, although -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Sure.

Steve Doocy: -- the Postal Service has put out in financial statements that they've got enough money to run through next year -- summer of next year. So is this just another way of trying to get that great, big corona bill passed by the Democrats?

Donald Trump: It's a Nancy Pelosi con game with, you know, her associate Schumer. It -- this is a con game by Pelosi and Schumer. Look, the Post Office, there's $25 billion sitting there, but they really want $1 trillion to bail out their badly run states, like New York State, which is horribly run, like if you take a look at California, they money they lose, Illinois is a disaster, just a disaster.

Donald Trump: This guy Pritzker has done a horrible job in Illinois, and it's run so badly, and they want to bail those -- primarily those three, plus some others, the Republican states are doing phenomenally well. Sure, they'll take money if they -- and one thing I can tell you, they'll always take it, but they're doing really, really well.

Donald Trump: So, she really wants -- what she wants more than anything in the world is to get $1 trillion from all of the states, from the American taxpayer to bail out people that are doing a bad, bad job running these states, that have been running badly for years, but running these states. And in the end, the Republicans aren't looking for it, the Democrats want it, because it's New York State, it's virtually every one of them, I would say every one of them, but virtually every one of them, they want to bail out Democratic run states that have been running badly, but they want the whole nation to do it.

Donald Trump: So, instead of just accepting that, I fight for the nation and then they do the number -- you know -- the phony number about the Post Office. The Post Office, we want to make it run efficiently, run good, we want it to run for less money, much better, always taking care of our postal workers. And I'll tell you, the biggest problem, one of the biggest problems, maybe the biggest problem with the Post Office is Amazon.

Donald Trump: Amazon and other companies like it, they come and they drop all their mail into a Post Office, not all of it, but a big percentage of it, and they say here, you deliver it you stupid people, you deliver it. And it costs us every time they drop a package, it costs us like $3 to deliver the package for them, $3 a package, we're losing a fortune.

Donald Trump: I said, you've got to raise their rates, you're going to have to raise their rates. But Amazon, they build their big plant, always near a Post Office, and then they take a lot of this mail into areas where they could never go, because the postal system is massive and they drop packages into the Post Office by the thousands, and then they -- you -- when I say thousands, for one -- some little place and they drop them, but drop them and then they say here, you deliver them, and we lose $3 and $4 a package, on average we lose massive amounts of money.

Donald Trump: And I said, raise the price. This guy's supposed to be so wealthy, so raise the price, let him pay for it. Why is the Post Office paying for delivery for Amazon? And in all fairness, for other services like that.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, we want to make it clear, we're not -- we love our postal workers, the ones that deliver our mail --

Steve Doocy: The Post Office gets 91 percent approval.

Ainsley Earhardt: Yes, exactly. So, we appreciate what they do.

Donald Trump: No, it's great from that standpoint, but they -- if they raise the prices to these --

Brian Kilmeade: It's the business model.

Ainsley Earhardt: That's it exactly.

Donald Trump: -- companies, you could -- you'd fix it very quickly. I'd say right now they're losing a fortune on delivering for very wealthy people with very big companies. Let those companies pay, not the purchaser, let the companies pay.

Ainsley Earhardt: We want to show you this interview. This is an MSNBC host talking to Loretta Lynch about predictions, if you decide not to leave the office should you lose the election, listen to this.

Joy Reid: [Begin Video Clip] What if Donald Trump doesn't leave? Like what does that look like? I mean, we've completely remade the DOJ under this new leadership, what happens if he just refuses to go and how could he use Bill Barr to potentially create this dictatorship?

Loretta Lynch: [Video Clip] Well look, I think the first thing we have to focus on the is the upcoming election and making sure that there's a clear mandate going forward so that all branches of government are clear and know that there will be a peaceful transition of power in the middle of January of 2021. [End Video Clip]

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, the first thing I think of is crooked Hillary Clinton, when during one of the debates she asked whether or not I would leave office, would I accept the results of the election. Do you remember? Would you accept the results? And I gave her a decent answer. And the problem is she didn't accept it, she went crazy, she's still going crazy.

Donald Trump: I mean, she's gone nuts and so -- so have they. I mean, they call it Trump derangement syndrome, I don't know if that's true or not, but it's certainly close. I go by the election. Now, with that being said, I have to tell you that if you go with this universal mail-in, where you send millions of votes -- in California tens of millions of ballots being sent to everybody and their dogs, OK?

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: Dogs are getting them, OK? People that have been dead for 25 years are getting them, you have to see what's happening, then you're never going to have a fair election.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: I say this, you're never going to have a fair election.

Brian Kilmeade: So, Mr. President, we know the pandemic has made, we agree on this, the pandemic has made it more challenging for certain people, especially with underlying conditions, which is 40 percent of the country said 40 -- 39 percent of all registered voters prefer to vote by mail. Monmouth says 49 percent say they are at least somewhat likely to vote by mail, so more than ever.

Brian Kilmeade: Would you say if someone's going to go through the effort to say, hey, I'm not going to be in town, like you're not going to be in Florida, that's absentee. Would you support someone writing in a request for a ballot and having said my reason, concern about COVID? Would that be something you would accept?

Brian Kilmeade: And number two --

Donald Trump: I totally support that.

Brian Kilmeade: You would?

Donald Trump: That's called absentee --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: Yes, that's called absentee ballot, Brian--

Brian Kilmeade: Because certain states aren't --

Donald Trump: -- and that's a great thing.

Brian Kilmeade: OK, good, because --

Donald Trump: That's like Florida.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. So certain states aren't, so you would support that. Number two is being that you -- we all know we're in a pandemic, no one denies that, would you be open to doing anything different than November 3rd? You would be open to November 2nd? Would you be open to voting through the weekend to give people a chance to socially distance?

Brian Kilmeade: Would you support more locations, National Guard working?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Brian Kilmeade: Would you sit down and try to work some adjustments in?

Donald Trump: I would support all of that. That's what you want to do and people -- you know, we voted during World War I, we voted during World War II, we voted during many crises. I mean we voted like nobody would believe; we never had a problem, now we have problems. Look at Carolyn Maloney, the horrible thing --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- that took place in New York just now. They still don't know what -- and they're declaring her a winner and they have no idea where the ballots are, where the votes are. They should do that election over. But Paterson, New Jersey, take a look at what's going on, Brian. Every -- there's nothing--

Brian Kilmeade: So you'd adjust it --

Donald Trump: -- that's working.

Brian Kilmeade: So you need to put -- you can get both sides together and do something.

Donald Trump: Oh, no. I would -- I would be -- oh, I would be for opening more voting booths where people actually come in and they say, hey, here's where I live, and I live in the state not -- you're going to have people -- you're going to have mailmen, you're going to have -- people are in trouble like you wouldn't believe on small little elections.

Donald Trump: In Paterson, it's 20 percent of the vote is tainted. 20 percent --

Brian Kilmeade: They found a whole bunch of ballots on the Post Office floor.

Donald Trump: They use the word fraud is the more accurate term but it's a terrible thing that's going on and they're going to get us into a mess that we'll be a laughing stock all over the world. You won't know who did this. Two years from now you're not going to know.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President, you were citing some statistics there. Brian had a poll a moment ago. Going back to the poll business with the CNN poll that shows now that you're within four of Joe Biden -- I mean it could be an outlier. And then there was another poll that we were talking about last week where more people believe that their neighbor is going to vote for Donald Trump than will vote for Joe Biden.

Steve Doocy: Then there's always the suggestion that there are all of these hidden or secret Trump voters out there. And I know they certainly went to the polls four years ago. Do you have any idea how many there are? Is it 2 percent, is it 4 percent, is it 8 percent? When you're doing the calculation in your head you say to yourself, well the hidden Trump voter is X percent.

Donald Trump: So, when you look outside, and you look at all of these tremendous events that are taking place, having nothing to do with us, the boats, thousands and thousands of boats that we talked about and the bikers riding up, thousands along the highways, Bikers for Trump. When you look at that, when you look at all of the things that are going on, when you see the level of enthusiasm.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, there was one poll that nobody talks about; it was a poll by a very respected company. It said 62 percent; remember, it was a couple of weeks ago -- 62 percent of the people polled have said they're not telling the truth --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- OK, about what they're doing. If that's the case, you're talking about a landslide because there aren't -- whether we like it or not, they're talking about from one side not the other side. And --

Steve Doocy: So how many are there?

Donald Trump: I don't know, I think there's a lot. I can only say this; we won every swing state, every one. We won states that we were -- that a Republican hadn't won in decades. When you talk about Wisconsin, you talk about Michigan and you talk about so many other places. But we won every swing state. We won Pennsylvania, which hadn't been won, is a great state.

Donald Trump: Hey, they want to stop fracking. If you stop fracking then you can tell your energy cost in the whole country's going to go up by three, four or five times --

Brian Kilmeade: But Biden says he doesn't want to stop -- Biden says he doesn't want to stop fracking. He says he --

Ainsley Earhardt: Kamala Harris does.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes, Kamala Harris has said in the past she does.

Donald Trump: Well -- but he always wanted to stop --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- now he's changing his mind--

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- because the people in Texas -- we're killing them in Texas. Can you imagine going to Texas, and say we don't like oil? They don't like oil, guns or religion. Other than that, they're wonderful. They don't like oil. They don't like guns and they don't like -- and then you're supposed to -- George Washington couldn't win Texas with that platform.

Donald Trump: So now what they're doing is saying this isn't working out well in Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, all these places. It's not working out well. Let's change our mind, and after we get it -- you saw Bernie Sanders. He said look, we got to get Biden in, once we get he him we'll get him changed. You saw that horrible congresswoman, she was horrible, bragging about how she totally controls Biden, that he'll do whatever she wants and that was two days ago.

Donald Trump: She will do whatever he wants. That's what's going to happen. Joe is shot. Let's face it. Joe is shot. Now, maybe people are going to feel sorry for him and maybe it -- but our country is too important for that. You're dealing with people that are very sharp. You're dealing with world class chess players in the leaders of these countries.

Donald Trump: I know them all. We do very well with all of them, Erdogan of Turkey, all of them. You can't have a guy that's shot. You can't have a guy that doesn't know where he is. You can't have a guy that's afraid to leave his basement because he can't speak any longer. And, by the way, on his best day, he wasn't good, you know that.

Donald Trump: He was not the guy, but we're not talking about a bad time, and you can't do that. You can't feel sorry for him and vote for him and -- because if -- that means then that Kamala Harris-es are going to take over, and she's a disaster. Look at her positions on everything. She wants to take away everyone's gun.

Donald Trump: She wants to totally ban fossil fuels. She wants to -- literally, she has no idea how you're going to power up your factories and everything. I guess the best way is just cut them in half. You won't have any factories. And we are going to have the greatest quarter, and we are going to have -- next year will be the greatest year we ever had.

Donald Trump: We're cutting taxes, our energy -- we're energy-independent now, we're winning wars, we're getting out -- look at the ISIS caliphate. A hundred percent. When I took it over it was all over the Mideast, it was all over Syria. I knocked it out, and I'm bringing everybody back home. Biden can't do that.

Brian Kilmeade: But they are -- they are reconstituting in Afghanistan, though.

Ainsley Earhardt: And you can -- if you look at her issues, you couldn't be more different --

Donald Trump: Well, then I'll take them out, Brian, if they are reconstituting, I'll take them out. But we had -- we used to have -- at one point, more than 100,000 soldiers. That's ridiculous. And we're ready to do whatever we have to do. We're dealing with the Taliban. I said look, let me tell you something, and I've dealt with them directly.

Donald Trump: These are tough people. They're like you people. Maybe not that tough, but you know what? These are tough people. I said look, if you play games, we're going to come, and we're going to hit you harder than any country in the history of the world has ever been hit. And they understand that, but we've been there -- Brian, we've been there 19 years.

Donald Trump: I greet people coming back home.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: Now, nobody has been killed there in a long time. Do you notice in Afghanistan, you haven't -- nobody has been killed in Afghanistan in a long time. Nobody has been killed in Iraq in a long time. Iraq, we're down to 2,000 soldiers, and -- but it's an amazing thing what we've done, and get no credit for it.

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: Do you remember when I was -- people think that I'm this warrior, war-like person. They said oh, it's going to -- we're going to be in a war right away. Where's the war? I've gotten us out of wars. I don't want to be in wars. Now, I'm the best fighter if we have to go into a war, but we only go into wars to win the wars.

Donald Trump: And I get along with a lot of these countries that, in theory, we could have war. They call me up, they need help with Turkey. The heads of countries last week, they called me up, could you call Erdogan? I said why? He's the -- you're the only one that he'll listen to. He doesn't listen to us. You're the only one.

Donald Trump: I said, is that because of the United States, he says no, that's because of you. That's because of your personality. You're the only one that he will listen to.

Ainsley Earhardt: What about --

Donald Trump: And you know what? I don't like saying this publicly but it happens to be true. I get along with him and he listens, and, you know, we took the border. Remember? Between Syria and Turkey, I took our troops out. I said let them control their own border. We have enough borders to control. And, by the way, on that, on our southern border, the wall is going to be built very soon.

Donald Trump: It's almost built, it's moving very rapidly. We're up to about 280 miles. It'll be built right by the end of the year, a little bit after the end of the year, and that's with the party totally against me. You notice it's never mentioned anymore. Nobody ever mentions the wall anymore because I won.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, Kamala --

Donald Trump: But more importantly, I won for the nation --

Ainsley Earhardt: -- wants to stop construction --

Donald Trump: What?

Ainsley Earhardt: Kamala wants to stop construction on the border wall but can I ask you something about New York City?

Donald Trump: Well, no. Then you shouldn't let her be in office because we would have right now the plague coming in like you -- you know, those 280 miles I built have stopped like hundreds of thousands of people. Mexico is heavy, heavy COVID territory. They are highly infected. I built the wall and that wall has stopped people from coming in.

Donald Trump: If she said that, and I know sleepy Joe said it, he said we should stop the wall, and I might even tear down the wall. He wants to tear down a wall that's the best border wall ever built, in terms of the success of it, in terms of -- the best-ever built, he wants to tear it down. A country needs borders or you don't have a country.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well --

Donald Trump: People were flowing in. Remember the caravans that had been coming in, thousands of people just pouring -- we stopped all of that. We have -- we have one of the strongest borders that we've ever had now at the southern border, and I got Mexico 27,000 troops. I said you guard the border. I want you to guard, otherwise, we're going to charge you tariffs.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: And they've been great. They've been great. They're guarding our border.

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, let me ask you something that so many people are concerned about in our country. If you look at Portland, if you look at Seattle, if you look at Chicago, if you look at New York City, I know you sent a warning to our mayor here in New York, de Blasio, after another bloody weekend. What is the -- what's the mayor's response and what are you asking him to do?

Donald Trump: Oh, the mayor has no response. He doesn't know what he's doing. He's a fool. He's a socialist, communist maybe. He's a fool. He got rid of a thousand -- he got rid of some of the most talented policemen that there are in the world, and that includes looking for very bad things all beyond New York. Some of those people are gone, and that's no good.

Donald Trump: No, this is a fool. This is a fool. Look at the shootings. When I left New York four years ago, New York was -- I could see the seeds of this because he's been a bad mayor, but New York was good. It was OK. It all happened recently. It all came together. All of his neglect over a period of years as he's been mayor but about a year you saw it, and then six months ago, it's incredible what happened.

Donald Trump: When I left New York four years ago, we were doing great. I was doing good. Everybody was -- now -- but you could see the seeds were being sown. The seeds -- it was happening. Bad stuff was happening. You could see it. The squeegees were starting to come out. Tents were starting to be built on the sidewalks, you know.

Donald Trump: And you say, well you want -- Rudy Giuliani was a great mayor. Rudy Giuliani did a great job between windows, you know, he'd fix broken windows because he said that's a sign and it leads -- you know, a lot of people wouldn't even understand that. It's very -- it's psychologically very important, but Rudy, he was a great mayor.

Donald Trump: And he did catch -- he did stop and frisk. He did stop and frisk. He took guns away from bad people. Now if you take a gun away from a bad people, oh, you got to -- you know, they sue you. OK, they sue you. It's so crazy what they've allowed to happen. And if the Democrats got in -- you have to understand, you're only talking about a small, tiny -- [Crosstalk]

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- portion of our country. Most of the country is strong, law abiding, no games. I was in Texas. We had 100,000 people along the highway. I was in Texas. I was in Florida. I got the sheriffs' endorsement all over Florida, and you have to see, these people aren't playing games. They're not -- this is New York, Chicago.

Donald Trump: These are -- Portland is just run by fools.

Steve Doocy: Sure. Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I mean, they're run by fools. Yes?

Steve Doocy: You know, because the DNC is kicking off today and because for the most part reporters have not been able to ask Joe Biden any serious questions, you know, because he is sequestered at his place there in Delaware, in large measure it's going to come down to the debates where it's you and him on the stage for two hours over three nights.

Steve Doocy: Can you tell us a little bit about your debate prep so far and what your approach is going to be because I'm sure you're going to feel like the moderators are asking you questions that are much harder than Joe Biden, and then you're going to turn to Joe Biden, and you're going to bring something up that they have not.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Steve Doocy: Is that going to -- are you going to be super aggressive toward Joe Biden as well as answering the questions, or what's going on?

Donald Trump: Well, that happened last time with Hillary and also in the Republican primaries. I mean, they gave me much tougher questions than anybody else, and according to the polls, they do the polls after the debates, and I won every single poll on every single debate. And I never did it professionally before. You know, all these guys, they're politicians and that's what they do for a living.

Donald Trump: I never did it. But according -- and you know what I mean. TIME Magazine poll and this and that, all these different polls that they had, I won every single poll of every single debate. And I think -- [Crosstalk]

Steve Doocy: So how are you preparing for this debate?

Donald Trump: By working very hard. You know what, by working very hard, not on debates but on running the country because it's like I see where everybody says, oh, we're working with Trump. Honestly what I'm doing is I'm doing my job. My job is telling me -- I mean, that's the best debate prep.

Brian Kilmeade: Govern, yes.

Donald Trump: I've sort of been preparing all my life. That's what I do, but I guess I'll do some preparation, but I didn't do much last time because I understand what's happening. I mean, law and order. We need law and order. You don't have to prep for that. You can't have these stupid, stupid -- [Crosstalk]

Brian Kilmeade: But you know -- but, Mr. President -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- people from Portland where the mayor says -- where the mayor goes into the crowd and they want to tear him apart. I mean, the whole thing is crazy what's going on.

Brian Kilmeade: But Mr. President, for example, you know that you have to prepare for Ted Cruz, differently than Marco Rubio, and you watched Joe Biden against Bernie Sanders, and you said you were surprised how well he did.

Donald Trump: Right.

Brian Kilmeade: Will you go back and look at Biden against Ryan? Will you go back and look at Sanders? And the word is you're using Chris Christie to play Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: Well, no. I'm not using Chris. Chris is a friend of mine. That got out there. You know, everybody says, oh, I'm doing -- I'm helping Trump with this, I'm helping -- no, I'm not. I get along with Chris, he's good, and I may use him. I used him last time to play the role of Hillary Clinton, there were big differences there between those two, I will tell you, big differences.

Donald Trump: But, Chris was good, he's tough and he was good.

Brian Kilmeade: What does Biden bring?

Donald Trump: Biden, look, Biden is -- is shot. I'm telling you, he's shot, there's something going on. Now, with that being said, I don't underestimate anybody, only a fool would do that. Because Joe was OK, he wasn't Winston Churchill, but he was OK against crazy Bernie. Now, Bernie was bad in that debate. You know, he was ranting and raving like a lunatic, OK.

Donald Trump: So, Joe sat there and watched, and he was able to get answers out. But Joe, you know -- I've -- but I've seen Joe in other debates where he is so bad. I never thought Joe would get there because if you go back into the many debates that they had, because I got to watch quite a few of them, as much as I could, that's called debate prep too, to be honest.

Donald Trump: But, I watched Joe, he was so bad in some of those Democrat debates where you had a lot of people on stage, that I said, well, Joe is dead, has to be dead. And remember, if Elizabeth Warren got out, just got out, she didn't even have to endorse, Joe wouldn't be the guy, it would have been Bernie. Bernie got whacked twice unfairly by the party.

Donald Trump: He's the greatest loser I've ever seen, loser in a nice sense. In other words, he obviously likes losing, because they -- I want -- I want to use a different word that's more accurate, but they took advantage of him the first time, in '16, and they took tremendous advantage of him here. They piled up on him and they took -- and then she left right after Super Tuesday.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: If she would have stayed in -- if she would have stayed in the -- by staying in the race, she gave it Joe. If she would have gotten out, Bernie would have gotten all of those votes, all of those votes, or most of her votes. He would have won every state because Super Tuesday is when it ended. And the only reason is that she stayed in.

Donald Trump: Had -- and then she got out right after Super Tuesday, but by that time it was too late.

Brian Kilmeade: Right. So, you don't expect much from him, even though he's got those years of experience?

Donald Trump: And I have to tell you, it's amazing how nicely Bernie takes it. He takes it like --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- it's -- you know -- he's a major loser.

Brian Kilmeade: But -- but when you look at Biden, in particular, if he goes and is OK, if you kept the standards so low, that will look like a win for him. Do -- I mean, do you feel as though you have to crush him to win?

Donald Trump: Hey, Brian -- Ryan, so I have a big news, this will be breaking news today. If we debate -- we want to debate and we're all set, we've agreed, I'm -- they're making one mistake, they should have one of the debates before ballots start going out, as -- you know, the absentee ballots hopefully. You know, we have many court cases on this, so you're going -- a lot of things are going to happen over the next two weeks.

Donald Trump: We have a case in Pennsylvania, we have a -- a lot of cases, we have a case in Nevada. So, you know, a lot of things are going to happen with respect to the universal voting, which is going to be greatest scam of all time if it's allowed to go, but on absentee ballots. But, one of the debates should be early -- one of the debates should be early.

Donald Trump: But, we -- you know -- Joe, I -- we can see that Joe doesn't want to debate. But here's -- here's the story, if Joe makes it through the debate, I think they're an hour and a half, and I said, only standing, you have to stand, but if Joe makes it through the debate, the news -- but, not you people, let's see, the three of you, yes, I'm pretty sure you can call it straight, but the news will say, it was the greatest performance in the history of debating.

Donald Trump: He was brilliant, he was unbelievable, Joe Biden. All he has to do is -- if he can make it off the stage and walk back unassisted, they will say it was the single greatest debate performance in history. You know that, and so do I.

Steve Doocy: Ainsley.

Ainsley Earhardt: So, Mr. President -- thank you, Steve. Mr. President, what are the issues that separate you all, because when you go to the polls you really have to look at the issues, either people agree with your policies, or they agree with Biden and the Democrats and -- and sometimes the progressive policies. So, what are the different issues that separate you when people are on the fence when it comes to this election?

Donald Trump: Well, it's everything; you just don't have enough time left. You only have, you know, the short number of hours left. I mean, we could talk all day. But it's energy, it's fracking, it's stock market. Look what's going to happen with the stock market, it's -- it's -- it's going to set new records, and Joe will crash it.

Donald Trump: The market will crash if you -- if you don't -- it's -- it's healthcare, they want to do socialized medicine. Socialized medicine, now you're going to lose your doctor, just like Obama lied, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. You remember, he said it 28 different times. It was a total lie.

Donald Trump: But now you're going to lose your doctor. It's -- we got rid of the individual mandate for Obamacare, that was the most unpopular part. That actually killed Obamacare, by the way, that actually got rid of it, but that was the most unpopular thing in -- in -- in all of government, and I was able to get it voted out, which was amazing.

Donald Trump: They want to put it back. You just told me about the wall. They don't want security. They don't want open borders.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Second Amendment, they want to -- they want to either obliterate it or get rid of it entirely. Look at Kamala and look at Biden. He put Beto, who turned out to be a total anti-gun guy, he put Beto in charge of guns.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Beto O'Rourke, who turned out to be a total disaster for the party, by the way, but they put Beto O'Rourke in charge of guns. They will take away your guns. NRA gave me the strongest endorsement they've ever given anybody, by the way, and if you look at the gun situation, it's horrible.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: One other thing real fast. I watched today, and you have drug companies advertising against me. That's because I'm going to reduce drug prices by 50, 60, 70 percent because I'm doing favored nations. Nobody's ever done that before. Germany pays a tiny fraction of us. U.K., Canada, all these countries they pay a fraction of what the United States pays, and I told them for a long time you're either going to make a deal or going to do favored nations.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: Favored nations means we pay the same as these countries that are paying much, much less. Now, so what they're doing is going out and doing ads against me. Anytime you see a drug ad against Donald Trump, that means prices are coming down, but nobody's ever done that. Plus rebates, we're getting rebates and keeping them and giving them back to the people.

Steve Doocy: Right. Mr. President -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever done that.

Steve Doocy: -- let me ask you about a breaking news story from "The Wall Street Journal." They say the Trump administration plans to open up part of the pristine Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling. What can you tell us about that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're looking at different things. We may or not do it. We did do ANWR, as you know. ANWR is a big deal that Ronald Reagan couldn't get done, and nobody could get done. Everybody wanted it.

Steve Doocy: This says you're planning to allow it.

Donald Trump: Everybody said impossible. Well no, we are looking at it.

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: When you say planning to allow, we are looking at different things in Alaska. I've been very good to Alaska, very good to Alaska, and we are looking at things in Alaska. I got them a highway that's going to be built that they've been after for 44 years. We will take a look at that. I am very pro energy.

Donald Trump: At the same time, I'm very -- look at what we just signed with Cory Gardner and Steve Daines just two weeks ago. We signed the biggest -- probably the biggest environmental bill -- they said the biggest since Teddy Roosevelt and it could be bigger when you add what I did for Utah, so I'm very much -- I hate to say it.

Donald Trump: In theory, I should go down as a great environmental president because if you take a look at that, add that on to what we did, also if you look at -- I opened up the mines, the iron ore mines. We have the best in the world, so I opened that. And I've reversed things also. Look at Maine. President Obama shut down 5,000 square miles.

Donald Trump: You know what 5,000 square miles of fishing and lobster fishing in Maine. I opened it up for Maine. Then I got rid of the tariffs in Europe and China for them because they couldn't make -- do business because Europe and China had tariffs on them. As usual, they take advantage of the U.S. And I should win the state of Maine.

Donald Trump: I mean, what I did for them was -- you know, I don't know that I will. I think I know I'll win half of it. I'll win Maine 2, but I should win the state. I've done things that no other president would be capable of doing. And you know, hate to brag but I have no choice because the press isn't going to say it.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, Mr. President, we appreciate you being with us. I know you tweeted out about your brother's death. You said you'll see him again one day and to rest in peace. We wish you the best as you have to plan his funeral. You're in America's thoughts and prayers. God bless you. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: I really appreciate it. Thank you all very much.

Ainsley Earhardt: You're welcome.

Steve Doocy: Thanks, Mr. President.

Brian Kilmeade: Thank you.