Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-dave-portnoy-barstool-sports-july-23-2020

Donald Trump: Come on. Let's go walk and do this real fast. That's more like it. This is the Resolute desk, the [Inaudible] desk. Many Presidents have sat behind this desk. Good stuff, right?

Dave Portnoy: It's all figured --

Donald Trump: I'm just saying, all right, nothing like the White House. You know the whole -- it's a whole deal, right? How are you?

Unidentified: Glad to meet you.

Donald Trump: OK. I'm over here. Great. Take a seat.

Dave Portnoy: All right. So are we good to go here, right? So we'll wait for you.

Unidentified: Frank, you want to come to it?

Dave Portnoy: Your son's a big fan of our website.

Donald Trump: He's a big fan of you. Yeah.

Dave Portnoy: I've tried to get it -- even before the start, I was trying to get a retweet out of him for about six months.

Donald Trump: Well, we'll do that.

Dave Portnoy: They kept -- well, you got me on one but he DMed and be like the old man will get a retweet at the numbers.

Donald Trump: Oh, yes.

Dave Portnoy: We'll talk business.

Donald Trump: Well, you're doing pretty well on that if I may say so.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. Yeah. So are -- so are you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we are. We did. We had good numbers.

Dave Portnoy: So I consider myself, believe it or not, apolitical. I don't see myself wildly Republican, Democrat, kind of in middle.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Portnoy: In fact, this is the first interview I've ever done. So --

Donald Trump: You have been --

Dave Portnoy: So I started at the top.

Donald Trump: You started very well --

Dave Portnoy: And I was going to give you a heads up. I don't know if you remember this. You once were on Ali G Show and you were the only one that's sniffed out. That was a fake interview and the whole thing. And I don't know if you remember that. I thought maybe you'd be like, oh, this guy's a fake.

Donald Trump: And then, were you -- were you involved with that show at some point?

Dave Portnoy: No, no, not at all. I just watched on TV.

Donald Trump: But you're right. I was the only one. All these guys --

Dave Portnoy: Thirty seconds and you're out, and I know.

Donald Trump: I said, hey, this guy's a total fraud and I left. And then I found out --

Dave Portnoy: And everyone else sits there for six hours. I know. And I almost gave you that one --

Donald Trump: You're the only one that's ever given me credit for that.

Dave Portnoy: That was a very sharp move. Because he's --

Donald Trump: Well, thank you.

Dave Portnoy: Because he's, you know, he's pretty good at that. He gets everybody.

Donald Trump: I like this interview. No matter what he does I like this interview now, Mariana. That's right. I said, what the -- what's going on with this guy? And I just felt it was a phony deal. And he said --

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. And nobody else did it. Nobody else -- nobody else smelled it after --

Donald Trump: And he said he was from British Broadcasting Corporation. They called up with everything, beautiful the voice. This is British Broadcast, and then, this guy shows up. I said this is uh -- but within a very short -- like immediately. And thank you very much you gave me --

Dave Portnoy: On it.

Donald Trump: Because I never get credit for anything, Dave.

Dave Portnoy: I'm pretty good. That's what I'm saying.

Donald Trump: I'm pretty good.

Dave Portnoy: And here's -- and here's part of it which in -- I hate politics. My dad loves politics. The thing that drives me nuts is I feel like, for us, which is good. They're like, hey, Dave you're a snowflake. Hey, Dave, you're a conservative, white crazy person. In almost, on each side, you can predict what somebody is going to say which drives me nuts.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Portnoy: It's like you put it in a box. So one of the things that I've been thinking about and for all the people like me which is, I think, a good amount of the country is still like which way am I going to vote?

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Portnoy: One of the things that I have a question for, and again, I think, it matters. I'm very careful in the answer. So, when the Kaepernick thing started I was critical of it. And as its continued, baseball players now, I heard you say, if they kneel, you'll turn the game off.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dave Portnoy: And we got the Black Lives Matter protests. So, for me, it's like, how does somebody who's dissatisfied what -- in your world -- in your world, what's the way for them to show it? Because we don't want them looting and doing all the stuff they're doing.

Donald Trump: Bo.

Dave Portnoy: To me, that's like a silent protest that is far better than, you know, going on the streets and create crime. So, I'm curious, what -- what would you do if you had an issue with a country or something to show your displeasure?

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, you can always say you run for office, right? You become successful. You could run for a lower office, you can do things. But there are ways you get groups together and they can be very friendly ways of doing it, very successful. I mean, you're going to have rebounds -- negative rebounds, if it keeps up the way it is. Like as an example, Portland.

Donald Trump: This is crazy. Fifty-one days, you know, we send in very powerful, not military but very strong people. The police are good, but they were told not to do anything, you know, by the radical-left Mayor. No, you have to go out and you have to say and speak your mind is good. I think speaking your mind is good but you have to do it fairly.

Donald Trump: We are for justice, but we're for law and order. It's got to be law and order and there is law and order. I put something out when they were starting to rip down statues. I went out. I found an old law, an old bill. You couldn't get it passed today. You get 10 years in jail, 10 years, and no games, and we have a lot of people in jail right now.

Donald Trump: If you rip down a statue, a federal statue because the states have to take care of their own, unfortunately, because I do that, too.

Dave Portnoy: Right.

Donald Trump: But you rip down a federal statue, you get 10 years in jail, 10 years. No -- you know, three months and nothing's happened since then. It was amazing. I signed it. I had a news conference. I said if you do it -- and we were supposed to have thousands of people march on Washington that day. Nobody showed up.

Dave Portnoy: How do we close the divide? Like at my age, it's like -- it's just seems -- half the country hates the other half and no matter what you say, you can't get along. So -- and you're the lightning rod. There's no doubt about that. I -- in my mind, do agree with that? That you're like lightning rod?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Sometimes for a purpose. I mean, you know -- but --

Dave Portnoy: How do we bring it together? So the two sides right now that are heads can be like, you're my guy.

Donald Trump: I think it was happening, and then, we got hit by the China virus, OK? I think it was happening, success. Our country never did better. The highest -- the best employment numbers in the history of our country. Best unemployment numbers, African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American, everybody. Best unemployment numbers in history.

Donald Trump: Best stock market we've ever had. Although I must tell you, as you know, probably very well the stock market's almost at the same level right now which is a great tribute.

Dave Portnoy: I wasn't watching it today. That's why I went down today. I think all of us thought that.

Donald Trump: OK. But the stock market has been absolutely great.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. Great since March.

Donald Trump: A lot of things are happening. Great housing numbers the other day, great unemployment -- great everything. We're doing really well. We're trying to get rid of the rest of this pandemic, but success does it, and we were ready to do it. Because if you look at -- when you say, Hispanic, or when you say, African-American, Asian-American, they were all working.

Donald Trump: Everybody was making a lot of money. Everybody was doing good and it was coming together. And then, China sent us this horrible bad present, a real bad present. They could have stopped it. They should have stopped it. And we made a deal, you know, we made a trade deal with China.

Dave Portnoy: Uh-hmm.

Donald Trump: And it was a great deal, but it means much less to me now than it did then because I'm not happy with what they've done to the world. They stopped it going into China from Wuhan, but they didn't stop it going into Europe, the United States, and the rest of the world. So -- but we were ready to do it and the word is success.

Donald Trump: And I think we're going to have that. I think, we're going to have a great next year. We're going to have -- I mean, you'll be able to see the results before the election which is interesting because at the very beginning of November, the election's November 3rd. At the beginning of November, the numbers are going to come out for the third quarter and I predict those numbers are going to be really great.

Donald Trump: Despite the fact that Democrats want to keep their areas closed because they want the numbers to be --

Dave Portnoy: It's right. They pulled in the --

Donald Trump: I mean, can you imagine?

Dave Portnoy: Yes.

Donald Trump: You know, I know how you feel about that.

Dave Portnoy: Yup.

Donald Trump: And part of the reason, I think, a big part of the reason they do it is for politics.

Dave Portnoy: I don't know their Black Lives Matter personal view, like, well, we know the economy great, but we still want the President to come out whether it be Twitter whatever, and be like, have our back. So that's where like the kneeling and things like that seemed like such a small concession in the thing to be, like, yep, Donald, our guy.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I don't like the kneeling. I must be honest with you.

Dave Portnoy: I know, yeah.

Donald Trump: I don't like the kneeling. I didn't like it for the NFL. I don't -- I think there are many ways of showing you're unhappy because when the NFL saw what was happening --

Dave Portnoy: I hate to tell them what --

Donald Trump: I know exactly. I know that. I've heard that actually, but -- and I don't know why he did in the middle of the summer. All of a sudden sitting in a T-shirt in his basement he came out with this thing about -- that nobody was even thinking about.

Dave Portnoy: He -- he spiked that. It -- that's vintage Goodell. Nobody was talking about it and he brought it back to the forefront.

Donald Trump: I don't understand. He's talking in the middle of the summer. He comes out and he's sitting there and he looked, you know, nice, but I wouldn't say, like Mariana. He looked nice in his T-shirt, OK. I don't know if I'd look much worse than that to be honest with you. I wouldn't wear a T-shirt. I think, he would have looked better in a suit.

Donald Trump: And --

Dave Portnoy: That's why your Twitter game's strong.

Donald Trump: No, no, he would have looked better in a suit and tie. If I have -- if I had any advice. Number one, he could've waited until at least the fall, right?

Dave Portnoy: Right.

Donald Trump: But more importantly, I would have worn a suit.

Dave Portnoy: Yes.

Donald Trump: Or a tie or even an open shirt that's loose not tight.

Dave Portnoy: I -- I got you.

Donald Trump: OK? So he came out with this thing, Dave, and everyone say, where did those come from now?

Dave Portnoy: Right.

Donald Trump: And the whole big thing started and he's made a mistake.

Dave Portnoy: I actually have a question on your Presidential powers. So, you may not know this but during the NFL draft, he said, I'm going to do a charity auction and somebody can sit in my basement watch Monday Night Football with me, and the charity will go to COVID. Well, I bid in one and I spent $250,000 to win that charity.

Dave Portnoy: I won it fair and square. You rejected it.

Donald Trump: Well, he wanted no part of you.

Dave Portnoy: I know.

Donald Trump: Looks like it.

Dave Portnoy: So I don't know if you can arrest the guy for that.

Donald Trump: No, but I think, he did a good -- it was a wise move.

Dave Portnoy: By him?

Donald Trump: It's a very smart move.

Dave Portnoy: That's the first nice thing you said about him.

Donald Trump: Look, he's working hard on everything but it's --

Dave Portnoy: He's most overstrained guy in the history of human beings

Donald Trump: Well, he makes a lot of money.

Dave Portnoy: A lot of money for a job that a lot of people could do. All right. I have to ask this question because we followed it. When you meet world leaders, you stick the handshake on them and it looks like you're going for the power move. Is that intentional?

Donald Trump: So before COVID, right now, I guess you know pretty much --

Dave Portnoy: Right, now you can't. This is pre-COVID.

Donald Trump: You know, he's the one. The only one I've shaken hands within a long time, you. 'Cause you stuck your hand out and I'm saying, what are we doing? But I shook your hand.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You were tested?

Dave Portnoy: I was tested when I came in here.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, they'd take you out, right?

Dave Portnoy: Right.

Donald Trump: That'll end the interview. Did you notice that? He stuck his hand out and I say, what do I do here? Rather than insult him, I said fine.

Dave Portnoy: I appreciate it. I didn't even think, seriously --

Donald Trump: I immediately ran, wash hands. No, but -- but -- no, but in the days from like four months ago.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I just, you know, I -- people don't know that I get along really great with the world leaders. I'm tougher with the world leaders than any President's been. I've been tougher on Russia by far with a pipeline, with our military, with the oil. You know, we're now the No. 1 energy in the world, energy producer in the world.

Donald Trump: And there's nobody even close. I've been very tough with Russia. I've been very tough with -- I mean, China. Nobody's been tough like me with China and that's got to be tough. That's because for years, they've taken advantage of so many countries, not those two only. The whole world, our allies, NATO, the whole world has taken advantage of our country.

Donald Trump: But despite that, I have a very good relationship with leaders. I mean, there's --

Dave Portnoy: Because of the handshake?

Donald Trump: I'll shake on it. I mean, shake their hand. I hug them. I -- this --

Dave Portnoy: Power issue.

Donald Trump: No, I have a lot of great -- you know, Abi of Japan. You know, look, they've been ripping us off for years and years. They send the cars in, there's no tax. We send a car to them, they say, we don't take your cars you know. This is the kind of thing that we've put up with. We defend these countries, we get nothing for it. And you know, I've ended a lot of the craziness that's gone on.

Dave Portnoy: Do you love doing Twitter?

Donald Trump: There are times when I love it.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Too much sometimes, right?

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Where's Dan? We have -- I think, we have --

Dan Scavino: Yeah, right in here.

Donald Trump: To -- Dan, how many, what's our number now total?

Dan Scavino: 207 million.

Donald Trump: Can you believe it?

Dave Portnoy: What happens to this Twitter account? Is it yours? 'Cause when it's over do you lose those?

Donald Trump: Well, it's mine, it's mine. I don't know if I'll ever use it again but it certainly was good. It's a platform. Look, we have fake news you don't know about that but we have fake news right there.

Dave Portnoy: I very much know that. That exists in my world as well.

Donald Trump: And then, you know, Dave, that we -- we have a -- we have a voice. We have a very big voice. When you have the kind of numbers that we have you're able to get the word out and an honest word, and that's important. So, it's been very important for me.

Dave Portnoy: Do you sometimes -- because you're on -- I follow you on Twitter and I know I do this, but my -- I'm not the Pres -- well, my nickname is El Pres --

Donald Trump: But true.

Dave Portnoy: But I'm at company so we're doing it. Do you ever tweet out and be like wake up and be like, oh, man, I wish I didn't send that one out.

Donald Trump: Often, too often.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know, it used to be in the old days before this, you'd write a letter and you'd say, this letter is really bad. You put it on your desk and then you go back tomorrow and you say, oh, I'm glad I didn't send it, right? But we don't do that with Twitter, right? We -- we put it out instantaneously, we feel great.

Donald Trump: And then, you start getting phone calls. Did you really say this? I say, what's wrong with that? And you find a lot of things. You know what I find? It's not the tweets, it's the retweets that get you in trouble.

Dave Portnoy: You've been caught with retweeting, like, oh, you just retweeted this crazy person. So you don't even look, you just press retweet. You just fire from the hip.

Donald Trump: Well, you see something that looks good and you don't investigate it, and you don't look at what's on the helmet, exactly, right, which is in miniature.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And you don't blow it up and sometimes, it's -- but I -- I have found almost -- almost always, it's the retweets that get you in trouble.

Dave Portnoy: I've seen that a little bit with you. So we got opening day today.

Donald Trump: Good. Yeah.

Dave Portnoy: So Fauci's throwing out the first pitch. You give me any tips. You think he's going to be able -- I mean, he seems like a little guy, but I've never seen him. Do you expect any good pitcher here?

Donald Trump: Well, they say he was a good basketball player and he has a very nice quality.

Dave Portnoy: How tall is he?

Donald Trump: Not -- well, he's not tall but he was a fast little guard. And they say --

Dave Portnoy: OK.

Donald Trump: No, they say, he was a good basketball player and he's actually a very nice guy. We don't always agree on everything.

Dave Portnoy: That's right.

Donald Trump: You know, he would like to do things that I don't like to do. But ultimately, I make the decision but we make a -- all a group of people. And he's been here for like 45 years for many, many years and he's a nice man actually.

Dave Portnoy: So I started to do -- I'm a sports guy --

Donald Trump: Is it? Sure.

Dave Portnoy: Like, with the company that bought us, Penn National or gambling companies. So sports gambling's a big part of what we do. I switched to stock market actually, day trading.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Portnoy: So Fauci's on my ex list because every time he talks and says, the company's -- the country should stay inside my stocks tank. So I don't like that aspect of it.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, he'd like to see it close up for a couple of years, but that's OK because I'm President. So I say, well, I appreciate your opinion. Now, give me another opinion somebody, please.

Dave Portnoy: Overruled. Yeah, you overrule them --

Donald Trump: Now, when you have to. Now we're open and we're doing well and I just had a press conference about opening the schools. You got to open the schools. They have a stronger immune system even than you have or I have.

Dave Portnoy: Oh, I -- it's not saying much for me.

Donald Trump: The kids -- oh, that's not saying much?

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. No, I get a bad one.

Donald Trump: But they do. They have it. It's amazing. You look at the percentage, it's a tiny percentage of 1%. And in that one case, I mean, I looked at a couple of cases. If you have diabetes, if you have, you know, problems with something, but the kids are in great shape. So we want to open the schools and we're opening the country, and we had great numbers announced the other day.

Donald Trump: And two weeks ago, we had the best, the biggest number of jobs we've ever had, and the month before that, we had the same thing. A lot of good things are happening and I think it looks like a V. We have a lot of people that would like to see their states close. I have a feeling on November 4th they'll open them up. I think they want to do it for political reasons, but we're doing well.

Donald Trump: The polls are starting to really shape up. You know, Dave, we were doing great. We were sailing. George Washington would have had a hard time beating us. And then, when the China virus came in, all of a sudden -- you know, it's a dampener.

Dave Portnoy: Right.

Donald Trump: It really is. It's a downer.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a downer though, and you know, psychologically and it went down. And now, we're really starting to do well. We're looking really good at a lot of different places.

Dave Portnoy: I'm sure you've been asked this. It's one of the questions I had when I was thinking what I would ask you here because you theoretically for somebody like me who sports entertainment, having fun. You know, the dream life seemingly.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Portnoy: And there's a part of me that's like, I wonder if he ever -- and I know the answers going to be no, regrets it. Because now, I mean, you're the most famous person in the world. You know, I -- my guess is, nobody ever said, hey, I don't like Donald Trump before he became President. But now, everyone has an opinion and your life has changed forever when seemingly you have the dream life beforehand.

Donald Trump: I was in so many rap songs.

Dave Portnoy: I know. I know.

Donald Trump: Like 79 or something. I was in every rap -- this is before I did this, right. It's a very interesting thing that you say because the best day in my life in terms of business and life and everything was the day before I announced that I'm running for President. Everything was good. The company was good. I was -- I had finished up a lot of jobs that were very successful.

Donald Trump: It was -- and then, I said I want to do this. Now, I'm really glad I did. But I was treated very unfairly with fake Russia. You know, Russia Russia, Russia, and Ukraine, Ukraine, all fake stuff. It's -- it's a very vicious business. Somebody said who's the toughest in the world to deal with? Is it Russia?

Donald Trump: Is it China? Could it be North Korea? I said, no. The toughest is the United States.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's the toughest to deal with. When you look at what I have to do. I have to focus on the big picture, but I also have to focus. I have so many people on the left or call them Democrats, call them whatever you want. And then, you look at what they're doing with cities. Every city is run by a Liberal Democrat and they're going to hell and we have to do something.

Donald Trump: We just sent people into Chicago. We sent people into Portland as we said. We're sending people into New York to help out. It's incredible but I love doing it. But there was this, you know, phony deal that I was devastated that when I won because I couldn't have -- my life, I had a great life, I did. One thing that happened, I was going into a thing called the Robin Hood Foundation.

Donald Trump: I'll never forget it. It was just about the night I announced or whatever and my wife looked at me she said, you know, I hear people booing, and she was with me for a long time. We've been together a long time. She said some people are booing. I said, yeah, but some people were also clapping wildly. I said, no. She said you know what, I've been with you a long time.

Donald Trump: I've never heard anyone boo you.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This was right after I started being a politician. And it meant something because I said, you know, it's the first time in my life I was ever booed. I -- you know the story.

Dave Portnoy: Right. Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'd go to Yankee Stadium people would go --

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I had a very -- it was close to a -- who's 100%? But it was pretty close. And now, I would say this, I have more fervor on the one side and I have far more animosity on the other side.

Dave Portnoy: That's -- that's the vibe I get. I have -- this is my DNA but I'm not President. I feel like so many interviews they're always coming from an agenda, positive or negative. And what I noticed, I think, is you -- they come at you hard, you just come back harder, and that's a very different thing for the President. I mean, I'm the president of a Barstool, but people would say, is that Presidential does not. You just do your thing in winds. I wondered that -- like, here's a hypothetical, if the perfect candidate, let's not say, Republican or Democrat, came along and said if we make him President, this country is going to be prosperous, everyone's going to get along. Would you step aside?

Donald Trump: I mean, I don't know if such a person exists.

Dave Portnoy: Probably not.

Donald Trump: And I should say, yes, absolutely, I would, OK? So let me say it that way.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's a much more politically correct. Absolutely --

Dave Portnoy: You're not known to be politically correct.

Donald Trump: But it doesn't work that way.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because it just doesn't, unfortunately. But I really believe success. We were there. Everybody was working. Everybody was just -- nobody's -- probably you -- I don't know how you're doing now, but you were probably doing better four months ago.

Dave Portnoy: Well, I got into the stock market right when it went up, so, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: OK, well, you got in and you got it in at the right time.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: But a lot of people that -- 401ks --

Dave Portnoy: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're doing phenomenally, but a lot of people sold stock. And now, they're saying I missed it. And I said to people don't sell, don't sell, just don't sell because the foundation is so strong, don't sell. But the people that really lost in terms of economics are the people that got out. The people that stayed in, they stayed with me, they're doing great, and we're almost at record highs.

Dave Portnoy: OK. The last thing. I'm going to wrap this up. And this, we asked from Rich Newton, you can say, no, if you want to do it. My dad and I have had debates forever. He's not the biggest fan of yours. What I wanted to do is kind of a prank. I just told -- he doesn't know I'm even here.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dave Portnoy: But we've talked a lot. I wanted to call him, face time him and just -- he'd die if he saw that I was with you.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. You can do it quickly, right? Yeah.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. It'll take two seconds. He knows it's coming. This is going to be uh --

Donald Trump: Oh, he does? That's bad.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah, no, no --

Donald Trump: That's too bad.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. Well, this is going to be absolutely great. Let me get the thing here and have it all set. This will take two seconds. Dad, this is going to be --

Donald Trump: Is he a good dad?

Dave Portnoy: He's a great dad.

Donald Trump: Good, good.

Dave Portnoy: All right, We'll put you on.

Donald Trump: Don't worry about socially distancing.

Dave Portnoy: No, I'll be -- I'll be -- we'll I'll come from -- hey, I got another question for you. What would you ask this guy, dad?

Michael Portnoy: I know. Your sister sent me something so I'm not shocked.

Dave Portnoy: Oh, the goal was to shock you. You've got a very good [Inaudible] of you

Donald Trump: And you have a very talented son. Good guy.

Michael Portnoy: Really?

Dave Portnoy: Oh, that's all he's got.

Donald Trump: He's honest.

Dave Portnoy: All right. He's honest.

Donald Trump: You have an honest -- you have an honest father.

Michael Portnoy: I was wondering why you were [Inaudible] Mr. President, he never calls me.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's no good.

Dave Portnoy: There it is. All right.

Donald Trump: That's no good.

Michael Portnoy: If you heard him unsolicited in a long time.

Dave Portnoy: Well, there you go. You just needed a meeting with the President.

Michael Portnoy: I knew something was going on, sir. I knew something was going on and I'm not shy although I didn't expect to see your face just now.

Donald Trump: It's great to see you.

Michael Portnoy: Can you get him to call me a little more often?

Donald Trump: I'm going to put a lot of pressure on him. He'll call you today in a little while.

Dave Portnoy: Thank you. All right. All right, dad.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great to meet you.

Michael Portnoy: Thank you, sir.

Dave Portnoy: He handled that better than I thought he would. Thank you.

Donald Trump: That was really good. I was really worried about him.

Dave Portnoy: Well, he got tipped off so this must have been leaked. I don't know how.

Donald Trump: He was nice.

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Dave, thank you very much.

Dave Portnoy: Thank you very, oh, can't do it.

Donald Trump: A great honor, a great honor. A great [Inaudible]

Dave Portnoy: Yeah. I almost did it. Thank you very much.