Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-aaron-martin-wpxi-pittsburgh-september-3-2020

Aaron Martin: Thank you for taking the time.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Aaron Martin: ...Mr. President, initially I wanted to talk to you about the election. On Twitter today, you had wrote, uh, encouraging people to -- to mail in their ballot and then go in person to make sure that their vote counted.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Aaron Martin: In Pennsylvania, mail -- in ballots aren't -- aren't even processed or tallied until Election Day.

Donald Trump: Right.

Aaron Martin: ...you concerned this could cause chaos and potentially delay the results?

Donald Trump: It's a disaster because, that's right, in Pennsylvania they do it a certain way, and that would lead to many weeks after November 3rd before they're even accounted for, if they're even accounted. This is a terrible thing happening to our country where Democrat governors in, I think, virtually every case, they're trying to create a system of mail -- in ballots.

Donald Trump: If you look at what's happened there in over the last little while, just over the last, uh, few weeks, elections have come in, small ones, very easy ones, and they've come in and they've been a disaster. They've been a disaster.

Aaron Martin: ...you concerned that by encouraging your supporters to vote that way and then to show up, that that could cause even more chaos?

Donald Trump: I think it's a terrible thing what's happening. People can get out and vote or you can do, what I call, a solicited ballot, okay? A solicited, where you request it because you can't be there for some reason. And you know, it's interesting, we voted in World War I, we voted in World War II, and here they don't wanna do it that way.

Donald Trump: This is a terrible thing for our country, and they know it. The Democrats know this is going to be very bad. They know it. All you have to do is look at New York where the congressional district, a disaster. Look at Paterson, New Jersey. Look at Virginia. Look at many different that happened recently. Every one of them was just absolute... It was fraud all over the place.

Donald Trump: Missing ballots, crumbled ballots, signatures that weren't there... It was a disaster.

Aaron Martin: ...President, is there any reason you wouldn't accept the results if there is that significant delay?

Donald Trump: Well, no. We're gonna hopefully accept the results, and hopefully the results are gonna be results... I think we're gonna win Pennsylvania by a lot. You see the crowd. It was a incredible crowd, a thousand standing outside. Um, I think we're going to win big. I hope we're going to win big, but you know, you never know when you have a -- a press that's as dishonest... Not you, by the way, but it's so dishonest.

Donald Trump: It's so corrupt. We have a corrupt press, and people are starting to find that out. So, I think we're gonna win. I hope it's gonna be in the evening of the 3rd, of November 3rd, and you know, the mail -- in ballots, in this case of Nevada, they don't even have to have their ballot in until seven days after the election, and I'm saying, "What is going on over here?" So, um, we're just not standing for it.

Donald Trump: We have two cases in Pennsylvania as you know, very big cases, and I think the judges will determine what's going to happen. They're very important cases. It's a terrible thing for our nation.

Aaron Martin: ...President, just a couple more things. I wanted to ask you about some of the protests you spoke about in your speech today. In Pittsburgh, there have been protests over the last three months that have been largely peaceful. What is your message to those peaceful protestors in the streets of Pittsburgh who say that they're getting lumped in with other cities where it's not the same?

Donald Trump: I understand what they're saying. I'm all for peaceful protests, but when you have anarchists and agitators and rioters and looters and everything else, that's different. But, you're right, Pittsburgh has had some peaceful protests. I'm all for that, but a lot of times the politicians cause, they say peaceful, and then you look behind or over the shoulder of a reporter like your, like you, and you see the city burning.

Donald Trump: It's crazy, and you know, we can solve the problem if they'd call us. We'd bring in the National Guard. We would have, as an example, a radical left governor and mayor in Portland, we could fix that job, that whole city, in less than a half an hour. All we have to do is be asked. We have to be asked. You look at what we did in Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: It was amazing. Very quickly, it's fine. You look at what we did in Minneapolis. Take a look at Minneapolis. As soon as the guard came in, it was fine. They should've called it two weeks earlier, that was the only thing. So, we have to wait for their call. As soon as they call it, we fix the situation very easily.

Aaron Martin: ...President, a couple hours ago, there was an article that came out, The Atlantic, that was making some al -- allegations, claiming that you chose not to go to a cemetery where American soldiers were buried in France in 2018, and the claiming that you said some derogatory things about those buried soldiers.

Aaron Martin: What is your response to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't see. I don't know much about The Atlantic. I don't read The Atlantic, uh, as a magazine but, uh, I can tell you there's nobody that respects soldiers more than I do. I respect them with my life. I've taken care of them like nobody's taken care of them. We've had three pay increases. We've rebuilt our entire military, and I know the incident when it was pouring rain and I was asked not to go by Secret Service because I couldn't take a helicopter, and I sent somebody else instead.

Donald Trump: It was somebody that actually was a terrible chief of staff. He was way over his head, Kelly, but I know the exact circumstance, and it was pouring and I wanted to drive it, and the Secret Service said, "You can't do that because of the roads," because it was a helicopter that was canceled. So, that's the facts there.

Donald Trump: Nobody loves the military more than I do.

Aaron Martin: ...President, the last thing I wanted to ask you was actually about the economy. Uh, in Pennsylvania's, uh, small business, restaurants in particular, have been limited to how many people can go. Right now inside, it -- it's limited significantly. What, th -- a lot of small businesses are concerned that once the weather turns, outdoor seating's gone --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Aaron Martin: ...and they could be in a lot of trouble. Is there anything the federal government can do to help local restaurants in western Pennsylvania that are worried about what could come?

Donald Trump: Your governor has to open up. He has to say, "Pennsylvania, you're open." North Carolina, too. All Democrat governors, and I think what they're doing is politics. They want to keep it closed 'til after the election, and then they'll all open up, but that's a long time, two and a half months. It's too long, it's too long.

Donald Trump: It's not fair. Restaurants are, you know, it's a wonderful business, but it's a tough business. They have to open up. The stores have to open up. The -- the... I have so many friends from Pennsylvania, they're devastated. Their governor won't open up. Gotta open up, you gotta open up the state, but there are other states too.

Donald Trump: Michigan, it's a Democrat. Uh, you take a look at North Carolina, it's a Democrat. These governors don't wanna open up, and they have to. The commonwealth of Pennsylvania is great. It's gotta be opened up. It's gotta be opened up now.

Aaron Martin: Just to be clear, you want the restaurants fully opened up at this point?

Donald Trump: They can open up slowly, but they have to start. They have to start. It's very unfair to people, and it's very unfair to the employees who are gonna lose their jobs. It's very, very unfair. They have to open up.

Aaron Martin: Thank you, Mr. President.