Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-charlie-kirk-podcast-phoenix-arizona-june-23-2020

Charlie Kirk: Mr. President, welcome to Arizona.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much.

Charlie Kirk: You're about to address the second largest gathering post lockdown I think on the planet.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Charlie Kirk: And all young people. What is your message to the next generation?

Donald Trump: I think it's just hope. And I think that we are doing a great job. We had the best job numbers we've ever had a month ago, actually two weeks ago. The retail numbers were coming back very strong. We had this problem with China where they send something over here probably by accident, who knows. And we're coming out of it very strong, very powerfully.

Donald Trump: The third quarter is going to be incredible, I think. I really believe it will be. And fourth quarter is going to be really good. And next year is going to be one of the best years we've ever had. So it's going to be great for young people.

Charlie Kirk: Yeah. You signed an executive order yesterday that I loved and appreciated, restricting immigration that will protect jobs of young graduates. Can you tell us about that?

Donald Trump: Well, very simply we want to take care of Americans first. And I'm OK with having people come in based on merit. You know that I've been talking to you about that for a long time but we want to have people come in on merit. But right now we have jobs to fill and I want to do that before I even think about anything else and we've signed something that's very strong.

Donald Trump: It's really America First, it's the old story, America First is a very simple message.

Charlie Kirk: To put our country and our generation first. So, Mr. President, you have been outspoken about the need for the silent majority, be silent no longer. So many young people are losing their jobs because of their beliefs. Some of them get physically threatened. In closing here, one last kind of piece of messaging as you hear the crowd roar in anticipation.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Great crowd.

Charlie Kirk: Incredible. In fact, every single seat filled and we had a little battle with the fire marshal over it but I said that -- certainly.

Donald Trump: You always win those battles.

Charlie Kirk: Yes, sir. So for young conservatives out there that are being targeted for their beliefs what is -- what is your message for them?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to be doing something. I'm going to be, you know, I -- you saw what I did having to do with schools that are funded --

Charlie Kirk: It's terrific.

Donald Trump: -- and refunded and I know it's had a big impact on you --

Charlie Kirk: Our organization.

Donald Trump: We have sold out crowds and everything else but we're winning. We're in the White House. We're going to win the White House again. Hopefully, we're going to win the Senate. We're going to bring back the House. We are doing great. And I really think that as far as targeting, I like targeting back. You know they go after people's business, they go after customers if you advertise in a conservative show, you know what's going on, they go after the advertising.

Charlie Kirk: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, it's a disgrace. What they do is a disgrace. And the bottom line is we're winning. And they're knocking down our monuments and they're knocking down our statues, they're knocking down all sorts of things. In the end, we're going to knock them down. We're going to win this, we're going to win it really big.

Donald Trump: And these incredible people that I hear in the background, they're on the winning team and I think the other side has, frankly, I think they've just lost it. And you see it. But we'll see what happens. November, we have to go to November 3rd is a big day.

Charlie Kirk: It is a big day.

Donald Trump: That's a big day. We're all waiting for it. And I think we're doing really well. We're all set to go. We're just starting the campaign right now. You know we were on television the other night for a speech and it was the highest rating in the history of Fox on a Saturday night. And the history is a bit -- it's a long history, it's a lot of good shows, and some probably pretty bad ones too.

Donald Trump: But -- And online you saw the kind of numbers we got.

Charlie Kirk: Eleven million views.

Donald Trump: Yeah. There -- There are tremendous -- There's a tremendous spirit out there that, I guess, they call it enthusiasm that people haven't seen in a long time. So I think we're gonna do really well.

Charlie Kirk: Mr. President, we have your back. Thank you for fighting for our generation and can't wait to hear what you have to say.

Donald Trump: You've always had my back and I appreciate it.

Charlie Kirk: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Charlie.

Charlie Kirk: Thanks.