Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-kia-murray-wluk-green-bay-august-17-2020

Kia Murray: So Mr. President the first question I've got for you is on the USPS you know you said you'd make the USPS strong, you'd make it great, how are you going to do that?

Donald Trump: Well, we've been doing really well. We've had auto production, manufacturing, everything is really clicking, and looks like we're going to have a tremendous 3rd quarter jobs. We had the most jobs ever in a three month period. We got hit by the China plague. Which they should have never done, never, ever done.

Donald Trump: We're not going to forget it, but we're going to have an incredible 3rd quarter. As you know in Wisconsin, you had your best year ever last year, we're going to have an even better year next year.

Kia Murray: Now some accuse you of intentionally slowing down services that use USPS. So what exactly are you going to do to make sure that people can take on those votes in November?

Donald Trump: Well that's just an excuse they have. Mail-in ballots, other than absentee, which is a great thing, but mail-in ballots are very dangerous for our country. And the post office, look, we love the post office, it's losing so much money, so we have to straighten it out, but this has nothing to do with the post office, this has to do with bad policy by the Democrats.

Donald Trump: All they want to do is have their people fix up the States that they owe so much money. I'll give you an example, so New York, Illinois, California, are almost at a point where they've been so badly, managed, what's going to happen, what they want is a trillion dollars to help get those governors, who are Democrats, get them even.

Donald Trump: I don't want the whole country to be paying for that, it's not fair. So what we're doing is we are going to have a very good, very solid, and very legal election. If you look at the mail-in ballots, New Jersey, New York, Virginia, it's been a disaster.

Kia Murray: Now moving on to campaigning, Joe Biden just picked Kamala Harris as his running mate, how are you and Mike Pence going to take on a diversified ticket this time around.

Donald Trump: I think just by doing a good job, Mike Pence has been a great vice president, respected by everybody. And Kamala, has anybody been more disrespectful than Kamala? To Joe, Joe Biden was mocked on the stage in debates about everything they call him from a racist to everything else. Nobody treated Joe Biden worse than Kamala Harris, and now he picks her.

Donald Trump: I never thought she'd be picked because nobody treated him worse than Kamala.

Kia Murray: Now bringing it back actually to campaigning in 2016. I want to talk about the people of color vote. Now, when you were addressing black voters last time around, you said when addressing them 'vote for me, you have nothing to lose', now racial tensions are at a high right now, how comfortable are you standing next to that statement?

Donald Trump: Well they're only higher, not at a high, but they're only higher, you have to understand I did criminal justice reform, I was able to get funding for the historically black colleges and universities, longterm financing. I have done more for the black community than any other president, except for maybe Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: It's true. And nobody ever says anything differently. Opportunities, I did all of it.

Donald Trump: We were in great shape, the best numbers, best unemployment numbers ever. And then the flu came in, the virus came in and it changed it, but now it's coming back. And last month we reported great economic numbers for the black community.

Kia Murray: Now right here in Northeast Wisconsin. A lot of our schools are actually pushing back their sports season. They're saying that it's not safe enough for kids to play sports Why are they any safer in the classroom?

Donald Trump: I would like to see schools open and I would like to see sports played. These are young people. They're strong. They have very good immune systems, better than mine, I guess right, better than people that are a little bit older. But I would like to see schools open, and I would like to see sports, but I would like to see football played.

Kia Murray: Now Milwaukee will join the list of cities that are going to be receiving. We're wondering in the next few weeks or months, if you don't see results like you expect, what will you be doing next? I mean, some of these leaders said they don't want that.

Donald Trump: We are going to see tremendous results. There's tremendous results happening all over our country right now. We're setting records in every way, whether its employment, other than the bad cities. When you look at some of these cities where they're run by liberal Democrats, they're rough. But we are doing better in terms economically and every other way than we've ever done before.

Donald Trump: And as soon as the plague is gone, we have vaccines coming, we have therapeutics coming, and it's going to be gone. And it's going to be gone soon. You'll see numbers, the likes of which we've never seen in our country before. Unless somebody comes along like Biden and doubles and triples everybody's taxes, in which case, that would be a disaster for our country.

Donald Trump: But you will see numbers the likes of which we've never seen before. You had the best year you ever had last year. You'll have an even better year next year.

Kia Murray: Alrighty. The last question I got for you is talking about the convention. RNC is gathering next week, DNC is gathering now, but they're gathering mostly virtually. Do you see RNC gatherings in person in the near future at all, between the 24th-27th.

Donald Trump: Well I think you were treated very disrespectfully by having the Democrats not come here, and the way they did it. I thought it was very very disrespectful.

Kia Murray: Even if they're saying that's the same for all of us.

Donald Trump: I think you were treated very disrespectfully by the Democrats.

Kia Murray: Alright last question I got for you. Campaigning strategy for Wisconsin. A lot of farms, they went bankrupt this year. How are you going to earn that vote back.

Donald Trump: I got $28 million for the farmers. I got tariffs off of Canada. I got tariffs off of Mexico. Nobody's done the job I've done for farmers, and the farmers are doing really well, especially since we're in the middle of a pandemic, we're in the backside, but we're in a pandemic pandemic. Nobody has ever done for the farmers what Donald Trump has done.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Kia Murray: Thank you Sir.