Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sinclair-media-group-eric-bolling-february-28-2020

Eric Bolling: Mr. President thank you for -- for spending some time with us.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Coronavirus: how's it going? Give us an update, you know.

Donald Trump: I think it's really going well. We did something very fortunate: we closed up to certain areas of the world very, very early -- far earlier than we were supposed to. I took a lot of heat for doing it. It turned out to be the right move, and we only have 15 people and they are getting better, and hopefully they're all better soon.

Donald Trump: There's one who is quite sick, but maybe he's gonna be fine.

Eric Bolling: Are Pelosi and the Democrats doing enough to -- to help you, to support you, and your -- in your push to make sure that there's not an epidemic here in the United States.

Donald Trump: Well, they're forcing money because they want to make, you know, we needed two and a half billion, and they want to give us eight and a half billion. So I said, I'll take it, I'll take it if you want to do that, we'll take it. But they -- they're very disparaging, y'know, every time they have a chance, they say oh, he should do more.

Donald Trump: There's nothing more you can do. We got -- we have the greatest professionals in the world, and, you know, you put a camera in their face, and they'll just disparage, disparage, and they won't even know it. They know we're doing a great job. We have great, great people. We're prepared for the worst, but we think we're going to be very fortunate.

Eric Bolling: You know there's a headline in The New York Times, opinion editor, but nonetheless New York Times, who said it's a Trump virus.

Donald Trump: Well, I've known her for a long time and, you know,stone cold loser. This woman is a just a woman that is so untalented, and they want to write -- that's The New York Times, I call the failing New York Times. Before I ran, that paper was going out of business, and it'll go out someday, and let's say, five years or so, and while we wrap it up, but the country is doing really well.

Donald Trump: We got hit by this unexpected situation from China, and it'll all work out. It'll all work out fine.

Eric Bolling: You're in South Carolina. Big primary coming up. Tell us about South Carolina and the -- the Trump vote.

Donald Trump: Well, I think we have a very strong vote. We essentially don't have a primary. We have a big win. We've been doing -- where we do have little primaries, we've been getting tremendous amounts of votes. You saw it -- record votes. You spoke to me about it. It was a record in Iowa, a record in New Hampshire.

Donald Trump: So we're really sort of observers a little bit here, and we just hope that their best person wins, and then we're going to take the best person.

Eric Bolling: Any predictions?

Donald Trump: So, I look -- I think that a lot of money is being spent by a couple of them. Nobody ever heard of Steyer. I don't know who he is, where he is, where he comes from. I don't see him --

Eric Bolling: He loves coal but hates coal?

Donald Trump: Well, he made money with coal, and then he goes around complaining about coal. He's a total phony. And Biden is Biden. You know, he said 150 million people were killed by guns in our nation. That's half our population. Nobody told me about that. If I ever said that, they'd run me out of town. I'd be gone.

Eric Bolling: He's lost a few steps, I think, Mr. President. He can't figure out his -- his numbers. Sometimes, he can't even figure out what state he's in.

Donald Trump: I don't quite get it. But, you know, whatever. Six times with the wrong states. You do that, that's game changing.

Eric Bolling: That's a pattern.

Donald Trump: But not for him. And then, Bernie is Bernie, right? Bernie is crazy.

Eric Bolling: Yeah, you and I made a little news by accident. I was watching the debate, and I said, I'm 100 percent Trump, but if I had to pick one of these people on stage right now, I guess I -- I prefer to it to be Buttigieg. You retweeted me, and it went kind of viral.

Donald Trump: I think it -- I'm sorry to do that to you. But maybe it helps. I mean, it's good. Your career can't get any better. So, I -- I'm not worried about that.

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, final question. Recently, an NFL representative, I guess you would call him, called you the first African-American president. Your thoughts about that?

Donald Trump: Well, he was very nice in doing it, and I'm very honored by it, and we've done a lot for the African-American people and community. We have, between opportunity zones and all of the -- that we've done for criminal justice reform. You know, we got criminal justice reform done, and nobody else could have done it, and I think one of the big things that nobody even really understands, even though we say it all the time, the best job numbers African-Americans have ever had.

Donald Trump: The best numbers, by far, the best numbers. So a lot of things are going great, and I think we're going to do very well with the African-American, or black. vote.

Eric Bolling: You're a very busy man. We appreciate you taking some time to join us on Sinclair America This Week.

Donald Trump: You've been a friend of mine for a long time. Thank you very much.

Eric Bolling: Mr. President, thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much Eric. Thank you.