Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-the-mark-levin-show-october-9-2020

Mark Levin: Hello America, Mark Levin here. But more importantly, the great President of the United States, Donald Trump. How are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Hello Mark. Thank you.

Mark Levin: How do you feel?

Donald Trump: I feel great, really good. Really good, thank you.

Mark Levin: On your worst day you have more energy than Joe Biden, have you noticed that?

Donald Trump: Well, he doesn't have much, I will say that. He doesn't have what it takes. But people know that, hopefully that will make a big difference on November third and before.

Mark Levin: Let's get into some of these issues, Mister President. I don't think, despite the fact that you keep raising it, I don't think people are really paying attention to Joe Biden's plans on the American suburbs out there. You know what he's planning to do because you put an end to it, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Destroy the suburbs and put low income housing there that's going to bring a lot of crime. The suburbs is going to be the next target of the radical left. You know that better than anybody, I think. But the suburbs are going to be the target. They talk about the suburban women, the suburban women... hopefully they're going to be voting for Trump.

Donald Trump: Because they're going to be in big trouble.

Mark Levin: Yeah, because he's picked up the Obama plan, which they tried in about 40 or 50 counties, it was a disaster. And in addition to this housing, they want to control local zoning, so there's no single family homes. They want to control where you can put libraries, where you can put transportation. They want to nationalize zoning.

Mark Levin: The media seem to cover this up, like so many other issues. Don't they?

Donald Trump: They don't talk about it, it's a tremendous problem. It's something they just don't talk about. Well, they don't talk about the fact that he says, "No fracking, no fracking," and then he gets the nomination through luck because Elizabeth Warren didn't give Bernie the chance to do it. I mean, in all fairness to Bernie, he had it made and then Super Tuesday, Elizabeth Warren stayed in and got a few votes.

Donald Trump: Bernie would've won every single state. And at least Bernie has some energy behind him, whether you like him or not. Obviously Bernie was a disaster, but whether you like him or not he had energy. But Elizabeth Warren... The second time this happened to Bernie. You're right, the suburbs are in deep trouble because of this.

Donald Trump: And it's a plan to destroy the suburbs. Cory Booker is the one that's... I don't know if he's the architect of anything, he was so bad when he ran for President. And so was Kamala, by the way, so bad when she ran for President. Nobody was meaner to Joe Biden than Kamala. But that's what we have. But the suburbs... we're going to keep the suburbs strong, the American dream.

Mark Levin: It's very strange, this campaign. Because you want to get out, you want to meet the people, you want to go into these states, talk to the people. You spend a lot of time at these events, often two hours, sometimes two and a half hours talking about what you want to do. You've very entertaining, you connect with the public.

Mark Levin: Joe Biden pretty much has decided he's going to stay in the house. Here's my question to you, it's the most bizarre campaign because you're the only one they report about. Joe Biden's staying in the house, do the scientists tell you, Mister President, that you need to stay in the basement of the White House?

Mark Levin: They just tell you to distance and wear masks and wash your hands and that's what they say. What Joe Biden's doing is not compelled by the science or the virus, is it?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you this, I mean, I could stay in the White House just upstairs, not even go down to the Oval Office and everything would be fine. But you can't run a country like that. You have to meet people, you have to talk to people, you have to see what's going on, you have to look them in the eye.

Donald Trump: And you exposure yourself when you do that kind of thing. I go out to the rallies, I do rallies, big rallies. I think we have tremendous enthusiasm. By the way, I think we have enthusiasm like even greater than we had four years ago, Mark. I think you see it. And they don't show them often, but we're getting very good polls.

Donald Trump: Four up in Arizona, four up in Florida. We're getting very good polls. A lot of them came out today. People are appreciating what we're doing. And they know that Joe Biden is not equipped to be President mentally. Never was, but now it's a whole different ball game. Not because he's 78 or whatever the age is, because I know a lot of people that are a lot older than him and they're 100%. But he's not 100% and he's not 75% either.

Donald Trump: And I can tell you that Putin and President Xi and Kim Jong-un and all these people that you're dealing with, they are 100%.

Mark Levin: Something very strange here also, which is Joe Biden's been around almost half a century in Washington D.C., has these cozy relationships with these reporters, with these medias because he's lived in this same swamp as all the rest of them. I listen to him say things like, "If I'm elected President, this is what we're going to do with healthcare." "If I'm elected President, this is what we're going to ..." Thinking to myself, "Hey man, you've been around 47 years, you haven't don't a damn thing." Do you notice this too?

Mark Levin: What has he done? I can't really think of anything significant.

Donald Trump: Well, he's caused problems. But I will say this, and I've said it for a long time, 47 years and he's got very little to show for it except negative things. I mean, if you look, the Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense said that he's never made a good foreign policy decision ever once. Very nasty thing to say, but nasty group of people.

Donald Trump: But no, Joe is not... And he's not... This is not his prime time right now, let's not kid ourselves. When you look at him, and yet maybe it won't matter that much. You have the media is bought and paid for. Take a look at what's going on with the media's corrupt. They give him the questions and give him the answers.

Donald Trump: Who would even think this could possibly happen, where they ask him a question and he reads the answer off a teleprompter. I mean, is that even possible? I've taken thousands of questions, nobody's ever given me the questions and given me the answers and then let me... Who ever heard of a news conference where you have a teleprompter and you're reading the teleprompter when you answer a question?

Donald Trump: Because that means, Mark, that they gave you the question. I can't even believe it, to be honest with you. But I watched that thing the other night, the NBC News deal. That was like for a young person, that news conference. That was like for a 12-year-old child, they way they treated him. That wasn't for an adult.

Donald Trump: And they're getting [Inaudible] even by people on their side, the Lester Hold News Conference, they never gave me a news conference like that.

Mark Levin: No, and they never will.

Donald Trump: No.

Mark Levin: Mister President, there's an effort to paint you as somebody you're not. Biden and the democrats and the media, they want to run against somebody you're not: segregationist, white supremacist, all these awful, awful things. Yet, they never ask Biden about his record, his record working with segregationists, his record against immigration, his record of saying the most God-awful things about he doesn't want his kids to be in a cultural jungle, and on, and on, and on, and on.

Mark Levin: On the other hand, when it comes to the African American community, the Hispanic community, other communities, you have tried to make specific policy decisions that would create wealth and opportunity in these communities as well. So, you never really get a fair opportunity to compare your record on race and his record on race.

Donald Trump: No, I don't. And it's a shame. I'm not sure that a republican does, actually, if you think about it. It's not just me, but it's me I think more so because I've done more for the black community that anybody since Abraham Lincoln, I really have. I mean, no matter how you cut it. Criminal justice reform, prison reform, historically black colleges and universities, got them funded long term, which Obama never did.

Donald Trump: Obama never did criminal justice reform. They couldn't believe that I got it done, actually. They couldn't believe it. But I got it done. And opportunity zones with Tim Scott who's a great guy from South Carolina, as you know, the senator from South Carolina, Tim Scott. And we did all these things and we had the best job numbers in the history of our country for... I mean, honestly for everybody.

Donald Trump: But for the black community we had the best job numbers in history, most people working, best home ownership. Everything, every statistic was the best. Then we got hit by the plague from China and it set it back somewhat. But still, people recognize it's not my fault. And we're coming out of it very strong because the foundations were so good, Mark.

Donald Trump: We're coming out of it very, very strong. You see the numbers, they're coming out great. In fact, we're almost ready to hit a brand new stock market high in the middle of a pandemic, and I say rounding the corner of the pandemic. But it's been pretty amazing. It's been incredible. And I think we're going to do very, very well with Hispanic.

Donald Trump: I think we're going to do very well with the black community. I think we're going to do very well with... I think we're going to do very well with everybody. I can tell you, we had tremendous enthusiasm four years ago, it's much more now. You look at these boats. I mean, thousands of boats on rivers and oceans.

Donald Trump: I mean, every weekend. And tractors now and trucks, they had thousands of trucks the other day in Iowa. Thousands and thousands of trucks. Nobody's ever seen... And it's organic, it just forms. We're not doing it. It's been an amazing period of time, actually. And I think you're going to see that they want to vote.

Donald Trump: Our voters want to vote. They don't want to send in those phony ballots, which are turning out to be a disaster. I don't know if you saw today. Today in Ohio, 50,000 ballots were wrong, fraudulent. 50,000. You're talking about... That'd be a good win. And 50,000 ballots in Ohio. It's incredible what's going on, Mark. Actually incredible.

Announcer: News Talk 820 WBAP.

Donald Trump: I gave this long beautiful statement. And then I realized there was nobody on the other end of the line, but that's okay. I could give it again, I guess. Anyways.

Mark Levin: No. But the whole country heard you.

Donald Trump: That's okay.

Mark Levin: The whole country heard. I must be in a brownout area and I'm not even in California.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it could be. It could be. The Deep State, they'll cut us off.

Mark Levin: The country did hear you, in fact. They didn't hear me, I'm afraid. All right, here we go. Let me ask you a few more questions and let's talk about this virus. Think about all the things you've done, all the time you spent on it, the team you put together, the experts, the pharmacy, the Defense Production Act, the Fauci, Burkes, on and on and on and on, and the Democrats are sitting in the basement and shooting spitballs and blaming you for over 200,000 deaths.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: When you had nothing to do with what happened in the nursing homes and so forth. What do you think about that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's a shame and I think it's now starting. When you look at the vaccines that we're coming out with, we're coming out with incredible medicines and vaccines, Regeneron. When you look at what's happening, I think people are starting to see what a good job we've done. The ventilators, nobody could have done what we've done with it.

Donald Trump: It's the biggest, probably the biggest thing that's happened since in terms of mobilization since World War II, they say, generators and we're making them for right now, all over the world. And our job is to stock and to help the governors, the 50 governors, some of whom have done a great job, some of whom have done a terrible job, but we did that.

Donald Trump: We got them what they needed. Their cupboards were bare. They should have been full. But when I took over, we were bare from Obama and Biden. By the way, Biden did one of the worst jobs ever with the H1N1 Swine flu. Did a terrible job.

Mark Levin: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: And then he, all they do is they sit back and they criticize, but we've done a fantastic job. And you're going to see it now with the medicines and with the vaccines, because we're so far ahead. This would have taken somebody else years to come through and we're doing it. I mean, literally in a matter of months, we were able to do things that have been amazing.

Mark Levin: You know, Mr. President, you're running it part on defending the constitution, defending the Supreme court, defending the institution of the Senate, defending the voting process, including the electoral college, Joe Biden doesn't even have the guts to say what he would do with the Supreme court.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: And what he would do with the filibuster. What are the American people to make of this?

Donald Trump: Well, he's going to obviously pack the court. Nobody even thought this was possible. I guess FDR tried it. He didn't make it, but they'd go in to end the filibuster, they're going to use their nuclear, as the expression, use the nuclear option. Of course, Harry Reed did that. And that's why I'm going to end up with 300 judges by the end of my first term, which is shocking.

Donald Trump: That's the record and three Supreme court judges, but Harry Reed, what he did was I always say, thank you Harry Reed, but they're going to do that. It's not Biden so much. It's the radical left and they're going to pack the Supreme court. I don't even know how many judges you're talking about. It could be much more than the 16. They're going to add new States so that they'll end up picking up two senators from every state they add.

Donald Trump: They can add more than two, by the way, they talk two, but they can add much more and they're going to really stack the system. And that's why this is the most important election we've ever had, mark. Without question.

Mark Levin: Yeah, no. I agree completely because what the Democrat party wants to do is take over the government and take over the constitution. So there's never a competition to defeat them, just like California. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And they're going to have a hard time beating us, Mark. They're going to have a hard time beating us. Again, I don't know if you heard me before, we got cut off, but the fact is that we have tremendous enthusiasm on this side.

Mark Levin: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: Tremendous, far more than we had and the real polls are showing we're leading all over the place. The real polls, not the fake polls put out by the newspapers, put out by the media.

Mark Levin: I don't even look at these polls. I tell everybody out there, tell me if you agree with me, you need to bring five or 10 people to the poll, you need to be Paul Revere.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Levin: You need to make sure that you don't just hope, but that you're in charge of five or 10 people. You agree with that?

Donald Trump: I do because they cheat. And you look at what's going on with the ballots. Today I don't know if you saw it, Ohio, great state. We're leading by a lot in Ohio, but the 50,000 ballots, 50,000. You know what that is? I mean, you could win by 50,000. That's a lot. 50,000 ballots where something happened, manipulated let's call it, 50,000. They're finding ballots in garbage cans with the Trump name on it, military ballots, they find ballots, they found a whole [Inaudible] ballots in a river, in a stream, in a very good state, but it's disgraceful.

Donald Trump: And then you look at some of the races recently, even look at the Iowa race and the primary, the Democrat primary, who won that race? They still don't know. And that's small time compared to what we're talking about. We're talking about a nation. No, it's a very serious threat. We're watching it very closely.

Donald Trump: And the good news is we're winning a lot of cases. We're winning. We just want a big one today. We're winning a lot of cases. How about where they want to have the balance in by a certain time? And then they don't have to count them until two weeks after the elections over.

Mark Levin: Crazy.

Donald Trump: That means though the whole country is going to have to for one state to let us know who won the election. Right? But we're winning those cases. We just won one today.

Mark Levin: And just because you want to nominate somebody to the Supreme court and did, which is your constitutional duty.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: And the Senate, which is Republican, chooses to vote on it. Do you know, there's never been a president in American history, not one who hasn't done exactly what you did.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Mark Levin: And they turn it around and make it like you're doing something exceptional.

Donald Trump: Oh, It's unbelievable.

Mark Levin: And you --

Donald Trump: No, think of it, I'm elected to be president. In fact, justice Ginsburg years ago when she was in sort of the same position, but opposite party. She said, "No, the president is elected for four years, not for three years." And it's as simple as that. And we have a lot of time. I mean, we should do it quickly and should be done before the election.

Donald Trump: But we have a lot of time after the election too, but I don't want even suggest that, because I don't want to give the Republicans any ideas to slow it down.

Mark Levin: You made a lot of decisions. You're always attacked, but you made a lot of decisions. You were attacked from the middle East, they told you don't recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, don't move the embassy there, don't recognize sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Don't do this. Don't do that. Don't repeal the Iran deal.

Mark Levin: And now peace is breaking out as a result of the Trump doctrine.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Mark Levin: The Trump doctrine. You've been nominated for the Nobel peace prize and they still attack you in the media and the Democrat party. You got to wonder, don't you?

Donald Trump: Well, I was nominated for, I guess three times now. And the media doesn't even mention that when Obama got nominated, it was the biggest story. I remember it took over the world and nobody knew what he did, including him. He had no idea what he did to get dominated. It was at the beginning and should have never been nominated, but we're going to have pieces in the middle East without blood all over the sand.

Donald Trump: And I did it the opposite way. And you have to see, I have countries lined up that want to get into the deal now, they want to get into the deal. And it's a great thing to see. And it's not only, it's not costing us anything. I just did it the reverse of what these people did and then they used to criticize me.

Donald Trump: Now, they're all saying, "Well, this is really surprising." Remember Kerry got up and said, "It will never happen." Doing it the way I'm doing it. It will never happen. He had no clue. He gave $150 billion to Iran and 1.8 billion in cash and he never left the table. Never left, never stood up in indignation, because they ripped us off so badly.

Donald Trump: But now Iran, I'll tell you what, if I win, if and when, hopefully when, but if I win, they'll come to the table and they'll agree to everything. Because if you look at terror right now, they're not, Iran is doing very, very poorly because of sanctions that I put on and they don't have the money to give to the terrorist organizations.

Donald Trump: Now I say that very mildly because, it's easy to create problems, but look at what's happened over the last two years. Look at what's happened with North Korea. We were supposed to be in a war North Korea immediately after I took office. Obama expected to be. What's happened? Nothing.

Mark Levin: Mm-hmm.

Donald Trump: Sanctions are on, the relationship's fine, no war. And that's a nuclear war where millions of people would be killed. Millions. Nothing's happened. I have a good relationship. It's crazy. Today if you have a good relationship with another country, people say, "Oh, it's that terrible?" No, it's a good thing, not a bad thing.

Donald Trump: At the same time I built our military. We have the best equipment with the envy of the world, Russia, China, they all would love to have the stuff we have. We have the greatest equipment ever built ever in history. Ever in history. Hopefully we don't have to use it.

Mark Levin: Quick question, energy independent.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: This country's been trying to be energy independent for half a century.

Donald Trump: Yep.

Mark Levin: You have put in policies in place with fracking and so forth. Fuel prices are very, very low.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: You slashed taxes and you were focused on the middle-class working people more than anybody else.

Donald Trump: Right --

Mark Levin: Joe Biden says he's going to reverse all this. So what happens when he reverses all this? Everything goes in the opposite direction, right?

Donald Trump: Well, you'll get rid of your cars. You'll get rid of your television sets. You'll get rid of your air conditioners. You'll have rolling blackouts or brownouts. If you're lucky, brownouts. You'll get rid of everything. And, we have the greatest... Right now we're energy independent. We don't have to be in the Middle East, except we'll protect Israel.

Donald Trump: We'll protect some of the people that we protect, but we don't have to be in the Middle East anymore. We don't need their oil. We have more oil than they do. We're energy independent now for the first time, and you're right. Look at the gasoline prices at $2 and less. Nobody thought that was possible. That's like a tax cut, but I gave the biggest tax cut in history.

Donald Trump: He wants to end it. That means that every family is going to have to pay two, three, $4,000 a year more. If you include energy in that, that means that every family will have to pay three, four, $5,000 a year more. If you include energy because you won't be able to buy $2 fuel anymore for your car. I mean, there's no more $2. You could forget about that.

Donald Trump: We have this thing rolling so well, and it was perfect until China came along with the plague, but now it's getting great again, really great. We're going to have one of the best years we've ever had next year. But he wants to raise everybody's taxes. It's amazing, Mark, because nobody ever talks about it, but he's against the Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: It's not even him. It's his people. They're never going to allow it. The Second Amendment is going to be obliterated, totally obliterated. And so many other things. When he gets elected on the basis there will be no fracking, and the following day after they get elected, they change it saying there will be fracking.

Donald Trump: He says it very modestly because they'll never allow it to happen. They'll never allow fracking to happen. That means you lose Pennsylvania. You lose [Inaudible], you lose everything. But if I did that, could you imagine if I ran on the basis of no fracking, then all of a sudden one day you say, "All right, fracking," they don't even question him on this stuff.

Donald Trump: They don't even question him because the press is very corrupt in our country. It's extremely corrupt.

Mark Levin: You raise a very important point, and I want to circle back briefly on the Supreme Court, the Senate, the filibuster, the Electoral College and so forth. How do you remain silent on things when you're going to put your hand on the Bible and swear to uphold the Constitution of the United States, and you won't tell the American people where you stand?

Mark Levin: We know where you stand, you're against all this stuff. And yet, and yet he gets away with it. I'm going to tell you something, Mr. President. Look, this Commission on the Presidential Debates...

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: ... they hire moderators that are extremely hostile to you, and so I looked at this. The co-chair gave $9,000 to the Democrats. Another co-chair gave $5,000 to a Democrat. Jane Harman's on the Board of Directors, old Democrat. She gave 30,000 to the Democrats. You got another guy, another Democrat who said about you, "There's a great deal of fear and a great deal of anxiety in the country about you." You got another one on their board that says, "You should be disqualified as Commander-in-Chief." Then you have another guy who says, "You're ill-equipped to be President." He's a former Obama flunky.

Mark Levin: Then you have Olympia Snowe who's sort of a left-wing Democrat, and she says, "You're hurting our brand." How in the hell can they set up a commission like this, which is supposed to be objective and impartial. Clearly it's not. And then you're required to comply? They don't even contact your campaign to discuss what they want to do?

Donald Trump: Well, I know all about that. And if you look at it, or if you remember last time against Crooked Hillary, I had a debate where they oscillated my mic, and they were forced to apologize. Legally, they were forced to apologize. They would turn my mic down, up and down, whenever I'd look at her, and we caught them, and they actually apologized.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you remember it, but it's an important factor.

Mark Levin: I do.

Donald Trump: No, it's a Clinton-Obama group of people. And, you have the one guy, the chairman, who's basically a Never Trumper. But now, you put on Chris Wallace. He was terrible the other night. I thought Chris Wallace was a disgrace the other night because we had Biden. He was on the run. When I had talked to him about the Russian... where did you get $3.5 million from?

Donald Trump: The head of Russia... from Moscow... the mayor of Moscow's wife. He was totally on the run. And then, what about the million dollars? You're not going to do it unless you get rid of the prosecutor. And, Chris Wallace kept interjecting saying, "You can't say that. You can't do this." Chris Wallace was terrible the other night.

Donald Trump: He will never be Mike. That's the only thing I can say about Chris. He'll never be Mike. And I say it all the time, but he was bad. And now they have a Never Trumper. I didn't know too much about this guy from C-SPAN, but it turns out that he's a Never Trumper. So, I don't care about that because I've had Martha Raddatz, I've had them all.

Donald Trump: And, I've always won the debates. I think we won the debate the other night, but he kept saying false things, lying about soldiers and graves, lying... a made-up story. They made up the story. They'll make up a story and put it out like it's real. So if you don't interrupt, I mean, then people are so [Inaudible]. You have to sort of stick up for yourself, but they are a bad group of people, and this debate commission, it sounds so good.

Donald Trump: The Presidential Commission on Debates sounds so wonderful. No, in my opinion, it's a crooked deal. But you look at the guy they've given me for the next debate, he's a Never Trumper.

Mark Levin: Steve Scully.

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk].

Mark Levin: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: He always seemed nice to me. I didn't know he was a Never Trumper. I don't know him. I don't know if I ever met him, but he's a C-SPAN guy, but he's a Never Trumper. And, you can't put a Never Trumper on. Chris Wallace is essentially an anti-Trump guy, but Fox is a whole different ballgame. When somebody told me that they were asking me about the difference between this and four years ago, one of the biggest differences in Fox is Fox is a whole different ballgame than it used to be.

Donald Trump: Fox was great. Fox was great. Fox is no longer great. I don't know. Something happened, very sad.

Mark Levin: I'm going to get a few calls about that, but you got to be able to speak your mind.

Donald Trump: It's all right. I say it on Fox. I don't care. What difference does it make at this point? But Fox is a whole different ball game. And you know they have Paul Ryan on the board and that was a big difference. I think that was a big difference. Paul Ryan... Once they put Paul Ryan on the board... I mean, Nancy Pelosi issues a subpoena a day.

Donald Trump: With Paul Ryan, when they had the majority, he wouldn't issue a subpoena. She gives them out like cookies. With Paul Ryan, it was --

Mark Levin: Can I ask you about Nancy Pelosi? She's out there. I don't think she has it together. I'm just being perfectly honest with you.

Donald Trump: I agree.

Mark Levin: She's talking about the 25th Amendment. They don't even know what the 25th --

Donald Trump: They should use it on her. 25th Amendment, use it on her.

Mark Levin: ... Well there needs to be something when you have the number two in line for the presidency who appears to me to be quite unhinged, and she is obsessed. She is so filled with hate with you. And this 25th Amendment thing is just another ruse, just like the impeachment thing was another ruse. Mr. President, here's my question to you.

Mark Levin: She seems to be saying if you don't give hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars to these blue states to bail them out, to bail out their pensions, these mayors who don't take action against the [Inaudible] and bail them out, then the airlines can drop dead. The people on unemployment can drop dead.

Mark Levin: The small businesses can drop that. Is she holding a gun to the head of the country?

Donald Trump: I don't think so because I have to be honest with you, I want to give stimulus money. I believe in stimulus. I do. It wasn't the people's fault. And I want to give stimulus, even if it helps some of the states, and they're badly run blue states, Democrat states. But, I actually... I'll give you a little difference.

Donald Trump: I want to give stimulus because it's a good thing, not a bad thing, and we get the money back anyway in one form or another but --

Mark Levin: But you don't want to bail out these pension funds.

Donald Trump: ... No, but I think... No, it depends on which one you're talking about, why they were hurt, et cetera, et cetera. But, I'm okay with stimulus. I'm on the side of stimulus all the way, but I will tell you this, on the 25th Amendment, I think they want to use it for Biden. That's why they're doing it. They want to put it in for Biden.

Mark Levin: Now that's interesting.

Donald Trump: And I think they want to use it so that Kamala can take over for Biden because Biden's not there. Everybody knows that. He's batting at 50% if he's lucky. And I think they want to use it for putting Kamala, who's a dream for them, even though she did very, very poorly, but she's a dream for them. She's their dream candidate because she's radical left.

Donald Trump: She's not even socialist, she's beyond socialist. I won't use the word, but she is far beyond socialist. And what they're doing is, and I've been told this by pretty good sources. They like this amendment or commission for the 25th Amendment so that if he gets in, they can switch, and they'll flip over so fast, you have no idea.

Mark Levin: Well we went over, but I want to thank you, Mr. President, for all your time. Sorry for the technical bug there, but we muscled through it. And, our best to the First Lady, how is she feeling?

Donald Trump: She's doing good. She's doing good. She had it, but she's strong, young, in good shape. And she can bowl through it. It's an amazing thing, but it's incredible with what they've developed. Over the last few months, what we've been able to develop, these scientists and doctors are brilliant, and you'll be seeing that very soon.

Mark Levin: All right, sir. God bless, and thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Mark.

Mark Levin: All right. Be well. President of the United States.