Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-vicki-mckenna-milwaukee-november-3-2020

Vicki McKenna: We have the President of the United States on the phone. M -- Mr. President, are you there?

Donald Trump: I am Vicki, thank you. You were talking about his massive rallies and crowds. You sound like --

Vicki McKenna: First --

Donald Trump: You sound like, uh, you sound like me.

Vicki McKenna: It's --

Donald Trump: That's funny.

Vicki McKenna: It's, uh, it is an honor. It is an absolute honor --

Donald Trump: It's my honor.

Vicki McKenna: -- to have you on the program, and thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Vicki.

Vicki McKenna: And everybody tells me that when you were, when you were a candidate and you called, back in 2016, to my program --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vicki McKenna: -- um, they reminded me how wrong I was in 2016 and, uh, and I, so I do feel compelled to apologize for being so wrong about everything. And you have truly been a remarkable president. Uh --

Donald Trump: Thank you, Vicki.

Vicki McKenna: -- a friend of mine wanted me to pass along -- He believes you will go down in history as the greatest president, um --

Donald Trump: Wow. Tell your friend thank you and -- And thank you, you've been terrific. So, uh, I -- I think you started off a little negative, and that's okay, as some people did. But you've been so great and I appreciate it, Vicki --

Vicki McKenna: Thank you.

Donald Trump: -- that's why I'm talking to you on a, on a day just before, you know, I think we're going to have very, very big numbers tonight from all information. This is no longer polls, this is from the fact that they're seeing lines that are stretching two and three miles long to vote. Nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: And, uh, and, and by the way, there's a lot of red on those lines is what I'm telling you. You know your --

Vicki McKenna: You know what?

Donald Trump: -- your lines and areas, so it's interesting.

Vicki McKenna: Yes, I, and, uh, I'll tell you what, no one else has ever seen a crowd so big like you had in Butler, Pennsylvania, that they obscured the horizon of a wide angled camera.

Donald Trump: Could you believe it? Right? Wasn't that a beautiful sight? What a group, what a group. What an evening. But can I be honest? We have so many massive, every one of them, I did, I don't know, maybe 16 or 18 and every crowd is, you know -- Number one is that they are enthusiastic, but they're, they come from all over and they are big, they are big.

Vicki McKenna: Well --

Donald Trump: I don't think there's ever been anything like this, it's a beautiful thing to watch.

Vicki McKenna: -- I don't think there's ever been anything like -- I can tell you, there hasn't ever been anything like this. Here's a, a few questions I have for you, it, to close the deal here in Wisconsin.

Donald Trump: Yes. Okay.

Vicki McKenna: What is it, what are, what are the, the folks in Wisconsin responding to? What is it that's going to make them, and please people if you were on the fence? 8:00 is, was when poles close. What are the things that make people in Wisconsin respond to President Donald Trump?

Donald Trump: Well, Vicki, I mean obviously it's our military and it's our strength and it's our supreme court stuff and, you know, all of that. I've always heard supreme court, supreme court and we've got three and 300 federal judges by the time we end, you know, approximately. But if you look, it's crime, it's law and order.

Donald Trump: You know, when you look at what I did there this summer, I came in and we took care of, we took care of Wisconsin. We, we did something that a lot of people wouldn't have done and we came in strong. So it's law and order, uh, police, very important. Uh, you know your, uh, shipyard, which was, uh, Marinette, which was going out of business and we, we gave, uh, a big contract to that particular yard.

Donald Trump: Caused me a lot of problems with a lot of other people, but we gave a big contract. And what we're doing is trade, it's manufacturing, it's every aspect. Wisconsin had the best year that they've ever had last year and they're going to have a phenomenal year next year. We got hit with the plague from China, and which was a terrible thing that they did, a terri -- They could have s -- They s -- They stopped it from coming into China, but it went out to the rest of the world and we're never going to forget it.

Donald Trump: And we signed the great trade deal. But, you know, the ink wasn't dry before we got hit. But I will say this, uh, the relationship with the Wisconsin's been very good. Also, your farmers, your dairy, uh, you know, it's, Wisconsin is one of the primary reasons that I did the, the trade deal, the USMCA. Uh, the other reason was that NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made.

Donald Trump: Okay? That was the easy one. But, uh, your dairy products now and all of the farm products, the ta -- the, the tariffs to Canada. And Mexico, but the tariffs to Canada are now reduced and gotten rid of. Because you were being taken care of, you were being treated horribly, absolutely horribly by Canada.

Donald Trump: And it was Wisconsin that taught me that. I went up there and they taught me that they, they, I met a group of farmers, and stronger than anybody else, they told me the abuse that, frankly, Canada was raining down on Wisconsin. So, we've done a lot and we're going to do a lot. A lot of manufacturing planned, a lot of military work is planned for Wisconsin.

Vicki McKenna: Yeah. You have treated Wisconsin with personal attention. We have gotten personal attention from the President of the United States and we have never experienced that. And a Republican that has mended the fences with the farming community by putting farmers first. In a state like Wisconsin, that's huge.

Vicki McKenna: Um, you mentioned crime. You came in and fixed the problem with the riots in Kenosha, personally.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vicki McKenna: Not our governor, it was President Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]. By the way, before I finish off in your first question, which I love that question, cause that's probably why I got to be president in the first place, I saw that trade and the ripoff and everything else. But you know, China was treating our farmers very badly. And they were targeting our farmers thinking that I was going to fold and make a deal where I give them yet more of the United States, like they weren't ripping us off enough.

Donald Trump: So they targeted our farmers, and I was able to get 12 billion and then 16 billion, two years. $28 million for our farmers distributed the money to our farmers, it all came out of China. In other words, I taxed China. And by the way, they paid for that, we didn't pay for it. But I taxed China. And as you know, we gave $28 billion to our farmers for two years of targeting.

Donald Trump: And now China has made the biggest order. But you know, frankly, I don't even talk about that anymore. Because what they did to us with the, with the China plague is just outrageous, it's outrageous.

Vicki McKenna: You know, the, one of my favorite moments in the, in the debate, the final debate was when you looked over and said, Yeah, China is paying the taxes on that. I was out of my out of my seat cheering for you on that.

Donald Trump: That's true.

Vicki McKenna: So [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: $28 billion, all that money, you know, in terms of what we've done all of that money, and no other president would have done, no other president would have thought of it. What would happen is that would always threaten the farmers. And then the Presidents would fold. They threatened our farmers, I said, that's okay, we're going to tax your cars, we're going to tax everything that you're selling in here.

Donald Trump: And we took the money and we gave it, and we had by the way, over $100 million left over which we put into the Treasury.

Vicki McKenna: Can I ask you [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: You don't hear that too often.

Vicki McKenna: Can I ask you about your expanding the republican voter base?

Donald Trump: Right.

Vicki McKenna: You are, you, you are not leaving anything on the table, not Hispanic voters, not Black voters.

Donald Trump: No.

Vicki McKenna: It's almost as if you don't -- It's not different individual groups, it's, it's every -- You treat everybody as an American first.

Donald Trump: Good. That's right. That's what I like. And if you look at Florida, so the big thing the big story seems to be I mean, we'll see. But we're leading, it looks like a lot like it's a landslide in Florida and a lot of other places, by the way. And look at Texas, all these places where you've been hearing, and I've been hearing Vicki that Texas is close, it's close, well, it's not close.

Donald Trump: But if you look at Florida, and look at some of the other states, they can't believe the Black community support that we have. And of course, I got criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones, as you know, with Tim Scott from great guy, South Carolina. And we get also, I get funding for the historically black colleges and universities.

Donald Trump: So I've done a lot, but they can't believe the tremendous support we've gotten from the Black community and from the Hispanic American community, they can't believe it. And that's happening right now. I mean, literally, as we speak, I was just watching some of the newscasts. I love coming to watch this stuff on occasion.

Donald Trump: And they're talking about the tremendous support, the numbers that we're getting from the Black community and the Hispanic community. It's been amazing.

Vicki McKenna: It really, it's, it's been, it's been astonishing, because republicans typically just leave that vote on the table.

Donald Trump: It's true.

Vicki McKenna: And you built the wall, you weren't supposed to build the wall.

Donald Trump: No.

Vicki McKenna: Because the Hispanic voters were not going to like President Donald Trump, ih you built the wall, but you build the wall.

Donald Trump: They liked the wall the best, because they understand who's coming in. And they don't want to have criminals and murderers and everything else. No, and I built a wall and the wall will be finished very shortly, and Mexico will be paying for the wall and they're paying for the wall, you know, that was. First they said, never build it, and you'll never be able to build it.

Donald Trump: And the democrats were violently against it. And I got it done. It'll be finished very shortly, built to the highest standards of what was asked for by the Border Patrol people who know what they're doing. And we've built a 411 miles as of today, and we're building 10 miles, 10 miles a lot, 10 miles a week, and we'll be finished very shortly, totally completed.

Donald Trump: And our southern border is so sick, it's never been this secure as you've heard.

Vicki McKenna: Yeah, you and you have Mexico working with the United States to help do that.

Donald Trump: Yeah, true. That's true.

Vicki McKenna: And of course, you weren't supposed to do that either. Everything you've done is impossible. Everyone said it was impossible. And I don't want to you know take up [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: No, we have, Vicki, we actually have 27,000 Mexican soldiers standing on our border right now guarding us. Can you believe it? Guarding us from people coming in from Mexico? And I said, look here, you have to do that otherwise, I'm going to have to tear up the cars coming in from Mexico. And because we, you know, our laws are so terrible in so many ways.

Donald Trump: Our people aren't even allowed to essentially guard you know, we -- If you talk to somebody incorrectly, they want to arrest a soldier. You understand what I'm saying.

Vicki McKenna: Sure.

Donald Trump: So Mexico has done a fantastic job 27,000 soldiers, and once we have the wall, we don't need the soldiers anymore. Pretty amazing.

Vicki McKenna: Everything you've done is impossible, right? That's what they say you weren't supposed to create peace in the Middle East, you weren't supposed to solve the problem with Kosovo and Serbia, you were supposed to build the wall.

Donald Trump: Right.

Vicki McKenna: Everything you've done is impo -- how do you do the impossible?

Donald Trump: Well, it's, uh, like you mentioned. The Kosovo and Serbia, you know, it's -- Uh, Kosovo, Serbia, two nice places but they've been killing each other for many many decades, right? And we're making trade deals with each. Not the biggest thing for us, but for them it was very important. And I heard about it, I called up, I said, "Fellas, tell them we're not making any deals unless they create peace and they stop killing each other." Now I know -- I don't -- I've never been there but I've heard the story, and you have for years, and all of a sudden they ended up making peace.

Donald Trump: And they came to the White House and they start hugging each other, they signed a peace deal, and then we signed. It cost me absolutely nothing, and now they're happy, and they have two trade deals. But to me, more important than the trade deals is the fact that these two countries aren't going to be killing each other any more.

Donald Trump: And, you know, a lot of presidents wouldn't think about that. You understand, Vicki.

Vicki McKenna: Yes, because most, because other presidents didn't think there was ever going to be a peace deal. A lo -- uh, no other president thought that saying, do -- doing anything except saying we're going to move the embassy in Israel, uh --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vicki McKenna: -- to Jerusalem, no other president's thought to get the Arab world to recognize Israel, and lo and behold, we've managed to, w -- and by we I mean you, have managed to cage an Iran.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Vicki McKenna: I mean, all of this is supposed to be impossible, but no one ever tried it before, and I think that's what you bring, is, is a, a totally unique perf -- uh, perspective where can't isn't something that's in your vocabulary.

Donald Trump: Well, we have countries now lined up. As you know, we signed three, and we have countries lined up. Literally, we have five or six others that we'll be signing soon. And, I mean, on the assumption we get it done, 'cause I don't think sleepy Joe would get anything done, frankly. I don't think anything would happen.

Donald Trump: But I don't see that happening. I think we're going to have a very big night tonight. I think we're going to have a great night tonight.

Vicki McKenna: I think --

Donald Trump: Based on, you know, based on numbers. Based on lines. It's not based on polls, it's based on lines of people that want to vote.

Vicki McKenna: Mr. President, the polls close at 8:00 here in Wisconsin. I can't thank you enough for your generosity of time. Thank you for what you've done for this country. Thank you for being on my program.

Donald Trump: Thank you Vicki. You have a great show --

Vicki McKenna: I --

Donald Trump: -- and I really appre-- And don't feel badly about the beginning, okay? At the beginning?

Vicki McKenna: All right. Thank you.

Donald Trump: A lot of people, but you're great, Vicki.

Vicki McKenna: Excellent.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Vicki McKenna: President Donald Trump.