Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-axios-jonathan-swan-hbo-august-3-2020

Donald Trump: How are you?

Jonathan Swan: Thank you so much for having us. We're over here, Mr. President. Thank you. Hey, Kelly.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President, thank you for joining us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Jonathan Swan: We appreciate you taking the time --

Donald Trump: Good, good.

Jonathan Swan: -- and we appreciate your commitment to answer our questions.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Jonathan Swan: We really appreciate that. Over the years, I've heard you talk about your adherence to a philosophy called positive thinking. Is this the mantra that if you believe something, if you visualize it, then it will happen?

Donald Trump: To an extent. I also think in terms of the downside. I do. I've been given a lot of credit for positive thinking, but I also think about downside because only a fool doesn't.

Jonathan Swan: To what extent do you think that that positive thinking mindset is suitable to handling the worst pandemic that we've seen in a century?

Donald Trump: I think you have to have a positive outlook. Otherwise, you would have nothing without a positive outlook. I think we've done an incredible job, between the ventilators and stopping very infected people from China coming in, meaning putting the ban on China, which frankly nobody wanted me to do, practically nobody because it was very early in January.

Donald Trump: Then putting the ban on Europe, not an easy thing to do. When you put a ban on Europe, that's a big thing. We would have probably lost hundreds of thousands of lives more had I not done that. And all of the experts, every one of them, not one of them wanted to do it. They thought it was too severe. Three months later, they're all saying, I'm glad you did it.

Jonathan Swan: The criticism of you that is most prominent, is about the communication. It's the public health experts saying that it needs to be based in reality. And they're saying that the wishful thinking and the salesmanship is just not suitable in a time when the pandemic has killed 145,000 Americans. And I understand what you're saying, that people need to hear positive thinking, but for the past five months it's been, the virus is totally under control, and the cases have been going up and the deaths have been going up.

Donald Trump: Look, look.

Jonathan Swan: But you've been saying it's under control.

Donald Trump: Nobody knew what this thing was all about. This has never happened before. 1917, but it was a totally different, it was a flu in that case. Okay? But other than 1917, there's never been anything like this. And by the way, if you watch the fake news on television, they don't even talk about it. But you know, there are 188 of the countries right now that are suffering, some proportionately far greater than we are.

Donald Trump: Okay? As bad as we are.

Jonathan Swan: Very few.

Donald Trump: Some proportionately greater than we are. Right now, right now, Spain is having a big spike. There are tremendous problems in the world. You look at Moscow, look at what's going on with Moscow. Look at Brazil, look at these countries what's going on. This was sent to us by China, one way or the other, and we're never going to forget it. Believe me, we're never going to forget it. And we were beating China at every single point.

Donald Trump: We were beating them on trade, we were making progress like nobody's ever made progress. Before the pandemic, they had the worst year, Jonathan, that they've had in 67 years. You know that. With the tariffs and everything else I did, we would taking in billions of dollars. I was giving some of it to the farmers.

Donald Trump: The farmers were doing well because they were targeting the farmers, I was targeting China. We were doing good. Then all of a sudden, the game changed, and I had to close it down. I closed down the greatest economy ever in history.

Jonathan Swan: I --

Donald Trump: Well, wait. And then, I closed it down. And now we're opening it. And we saved, by the way, by closing it down, we saved millions of lives. If we would have gone to herd and we knew very little about the disease, if we would've gone herd, we would have lost millions of people, millions of people. One person's too much.

Donald Trump: We're at 140,000 people. One person is too much. We're at 140. We would have lost millions of people. And those people that really understand it, they really understand it. They said, it's incredible the job that we've done. And again, I bring it up, the ban --

Jonathan Swan: Who says that?

Donald Trump: Banning China from coming in far earlier --

Jonathan Swan: But it was already in here.

Donald Trump: What's that?

Jonathan Swan: It was already here. By the time you banned China, it came in through Europe.

Donald Trump: Nobody knew the extent. Nobody knew how contagious it was. You know What? Maybe China knew.

Jonathan Swan: But the question is, Mr. President, by June we knew things were bad. And the last time I was with you was the day before your Tulsa rally in the Oval, and you were saying big, huge crowd.

Donald Trump: By the way --

Jonathan Swan: It was endorsed. These people, they listen to you.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, Jonathan, we had a 19,000 seat stadium and first of all, we had 12,000 people, not 6,000, which you reported and other people reported. But you couldn't even get in. It was like an armed camp.

Jonathan Swan: Why would you want it that?

Donald Trump: Because they had 120 Black Lives Matter people there and Tulsa --

Jonathan Swan: I understand but why would you have wanted a huge crowd?

Donald Trump: Excuse me, wait. And Tulsa, well, because that area was a very good area at the time. It was an area that was pretty much over. After, after, a month later, it started going up. That's a month later, but Tulsa was a very good, Oklahoma was doing very well as a state. It was almost free. It spiked a month later, a month and a half, two months later.

Donald Trump: But it was a good area. We had a tremendous crowd, we had tremendous response. It was like an armed camp. You couldn't even get through. You couldn't get anybody in. But we had 12,000 people. It was incorrectly reported. The other thing we had that nobody wants to talk about, so Fox broadcast it. It was the highest rating in the history of Fox television Saturday night.

Donald Trump: It was the highest rating.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Well, wait a minute. You're saying something. That speech was the highest rated speech in the history of Fox television on Saturday night. And nobody says that.

Jonathan Swan: I think you misunderstand me. I'm not criticizing your ability to draw a crowd. Are you kidding me? I've covered you for five years. You draw massive crowds. You get huge ratings. I'm asking about the public health

Donald Trump: I'm just saying this. I'm just saying this. At the time... And I canceled another one. I had to cancel it and we were going to have a great crowd in New Hampshire, and I canceled it for the same reason.

Jonathan Swan: But here's the question. I've covered you for a long time. I've gone to your rallies. I've talked to your people. They love you. They listen to you. They listen to every word you say, they hang on your every word. They don't listen to me or the media or Fauci. They think we're fake news. They want to get their advice from you.

Jonathan Swan: And so, when they hear you say, everything's under control, don't worry about wearing masks. I mean, these are people, many of them are older people, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, what's your definition of control?

Jonathan Swan: It's giving them a false sense of security.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Under the circumstances right now, I think it's under control. I'll tell you what --

Jonathan Swan: How? 1,000 Americans are dying a day.

Donald Trump: They are dying. That's true. And it is what it is. But that doesn't mean we aren't doing everything we can. It's under control as much as you can control it. This is a horrible plague that beset us.

Jonathan Swan: You really think this is as much as we can control it? 1,000 deaths a day?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you, I'd like to know if somebody... First of all, we have done a great job. We've gotten the governors everything they needed, they didn't do their job. Many of them didn't and some of them did. Someday we'll sit down. We'll talk about the successful ones, the good ones. Look at that smile.

Donald Trump: The good ones and the bad. We had good and bad. And we had a lot in the middle, but we had some incredible governors. I could tell you right now who the great ones are and who the not so great ones are, but the governors do it. We gave them massive amounts of material.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President, you changed your message this week, in terms of you canceled the Jacksonville convention, you said, "Wear a mask." You're saying that, "It's going to get worse before it gets better." It's not something you'd like to say, I know. And you said that. The big question --

Donald Trump: By the way, not get worse like the original flow. You understand that.

Jonathan Swan: Well, I hope not. It's a 1,000 --

Donald Trump: But If you look, Arizona's going down. Texas is going down, and Florida is going down.

Jonathan Swan: If I could just finish my question. The question is, even some of your own aides wonder whether you would stick to that message until Election Day, whether in a week or two, you won't say, "Right, we've got to reopen again. We can't do this stuff anymore." That you'll get bored of talking about the virus and go back to that sort of cheerleading.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not going to get bored. I never get bored of talking about this, it's too big a thing.

Jonathan Swan: So will you stick to that message?

Donald Trump: And again, it should have been stopped by China, and it wasn't.

Jonathan Swan: But now it's here and you're the President.

Donald Trump: We have it here.

Jonathan Swan: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I think I'm very consistent. No, this is a very serious thing. We have 140,000 people at this moment.

Jonathan Swan: More than that.

Donald Trump: This is a very, very serious situation. And what you have to do, is handle it the best it can be handled. And again, I'm working with the governors. I got them tremendous amounts of equipment that they would have never gotten. Jonathan, they wouldn't have equipment now, if I didn't get.

Jonathan Swan: When can you commit, by what date, that every American will have access to the same day testing that you get here in the White House?

Donald Trump: Well, we have great testing. We're doing and many other people do --

Jonathan Swan: By what date?

Donald Trump: Let me explain the testing. We have tested more people than any other country, than all of Europe put together times two. We have tested more people than anybody ever thought of. India has 1.4 billion people. They've done 11 million tests. We've done 55, it'll be close to 60 million tests. And there are those that say, you can test too much.

Donald Trump: You do -- And there are those that say you can test too much. You do know that.

Jonathan Swan: Who says that?

Donald Trump: Oh, just read the manuals, read the books.

Jonathan Swan: Manuals?

Donald Trump: Read the books. Read the books.

Jonathan Swan: What books?

Donald Trump: What testing does --

Jonathan Swan: Wait a minute. I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: Let me explain. What testing does, it shows cases. It shows where there may be cases. Other countries test... you know when they test? They test when somebody is sick. That's when they test. And I'm not saying they're right or wrong. Nobody has done it like we've done it. We've gotten absolutely no credit for it. But we've come up with so many different tests.

Donald Trump: The only thing that we have now is some people have to wait longer than we'd like them to. We want it --

Jonathan Swan: That's a big problem.

Donald Trump: We want point to point. We want to have a five minute to a 15 minute test.

Jonathan Swan: Right. When do you think --

Donald Trump: And we have... and like many others --

Jonathan Swan: Every American --

Donald Trump: And, from what I understand, we're close to 50% where it's point to point tests. We are making thousands of instruments, thousands of tests right now, tens of thousands that can be distributed to various parts of the country. But you have to understand. And we've even sent some of them to other countries where they had a big problem.

Donald Trump: Jonathan, almost 50%, in fact, I think the number might be over, is immediate testing. The other is tough. You take a test. You have to send it to a laboratory. Let's say that takes a day. Let's say it's a day.

Jonathan Swan: Right. It's difficult.

Donald Trump: So, it's three, or four, or five days.

Jonathan Swan: I understand.

Donald Trump: There is nothing you can do about that.

Jonathan Swan: But when do you think you will have it for everyone? What day?

Donald Trump: I think that you will have that relatively soon. I mean --

Jonathan Swan: What does that mean?

Donald Trump: You already have half.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I would much rather get back to you.

Jonathan Swan: Okay. That's fine.

Donald Trump: Because I don't want to have you write in one month, I didn't make it.

Jonathan Swan: That's fine.

Donald Trump: I missed it by a day.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah. I get it.

Donald Trump: And it's a headline.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President, I want to talk about the federal intervention.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. One thing I would say about testing.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because we test so much, we show cases. So, we show many, many cases. We show tremendous number of cases. I know you're smiling when I say that, but I'm telling you.

Jonathan Swan: Well, I mean, I've heard you say this.

Donald Trump: I know. Other countries don't test like we do. So, they don't show case.

Jonathan Swan: Just a couple points on that. I wasn't going to continue on the testing, but you said it. So, we're testing so much because it's spread so far in America. And, when you --

Donald Trump: We're testing so much because we had the ability to test.

Jonathan Swan: Okay.

Donald Trump: Because we came up with test --

Jonathan Swan: But South Korea --

Donald Trump: Jonathan, we didn't even have a test. When I took over, we didn't even have a test. Now, in all fairness --

Jonathan Swan: Why would you have a test?

Donald Trump: There was no test for this --

Jonathan Swan: The virus didn't exist.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. I was going to say --

Jonathan Swan: Okay.

Donald Trump: There was no test for this. We didn't have a test because there was no test.

Jonathan Swan: Of course.

Donald Trump: And, in a very short order, we got one test. We got another test.

Jonathan Swan: It was broken, the first one.

Donald Trump: We got another. Many of those tests are now obsolete because it's called science.

Jonathan Swan: Right.

Donald Trump: And, all of a sudden, something is better. But, because we tested so many people, 55, 60 million people, very soon, we get cases. You test. Some kid has even just a little runny nose. It's a case. And then, you report many cases. So, we look like we have more cases than massive countries like China, which by the way, doesn't report, as you know.

Jonathan Swan: Well, I don't put any stock in China's figures.

Donald Trump: No. No. The point is --

Jonathan Swan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: The point is, because we are so much better at testing than any other country in the world, we show more cases.

Jonathan Swan: The figure I look at is death. And death is going up now.

Donald Trump: Okay. No, no.

Jonathan Swan: It's a thousand a day.

Donald Trump: If you look at death --

Jonathan Swan: Yeah. It's going up again.

Donald Trump: Let's look. Let's look.

Jonathan Swan: Daily death.

Donald Trump: Take a look at some of these charts.

Jonathan Swan: I'd love to.

Donald Trump: We're going to look.

Jonathan Swan: Let's look.

Donald Trump: And, if you look at death per --

Jonathan Swan: Yeah. It's started to go up again.

Donald Trump: Here is one. Well, right here, United States is lowest in numerous categories. We're lower than the world.

Jonathan Swan: Lower than the world?

Donald Trump: We're lower than Europe.

Jonathan Swan: What does that mean? In what? In what?

Donald Trump: Look. Take a look. Right there. Here is case death.

Jonathan Swan: Oh, you're doing death as a proportion of cases. I'm talking about death as a proportion of population. That's where the U.S. is really bad, much worse than South Korea, Germany, et cetera.

Donald Trump: You can't do that.

Jonathan Swan: Why can't I do that?

Donald Trump: You have to go by where... look. Here is the United States. You have to go by the cases. The cases are there.

Jonathan Swan: Why not as a proportion of population?

Donald Trump: What it says is, when you have somebody where there's a case --

Jonathan Swan: Oh, okay.

Donald Trump: The people that live from those cases.

Jonathan Swan: Oh. It's surely a relevant statistic to say, if the U.S. has X population and X percentage of death of that population versus South Korea --

Donald Trump: No. Because you have to go by the cases.

Jonathan Swan: Well, look at South Korea, for example. 51 million population, 300 deaths. It's like, it's crazy compared to --

Donald Trump: You don't know that.

Jonathan Swan: I do.

Donald Trump: You don't know that.

Jonathan Swan: You think they're faking their statistics, South Korea? An advanced country?

Donald Trump: I won't get into that because I have a very good relationship with the country.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But you don't know that. And they have spikes. Look, here's one of --

Jonathan Swan: Germany, low 9,000.

Donald Trump: Here's one. Here's one right here, United States.

Jonathan Swan: Let me look.

Donald Trump: You take the number of cases.

Jonathan Swan: Okay.

Donald Trump: Now look, we're last meaning we're first.

Jonathan Swan: Last? I don't know what we're first in.

Donald Trump: We have the best.

Jonathan Swan: As a what?

Donald Trump: Take a look again. It's cases.

Jonathan Swan: Okay. I'll just... okay.

Donald Trump: And we have cases because of the testing.

Jonathan Swan: I mean, a thousand Americans die a day. But I understand. I understand on the cases, it's different.

Donald Trump: No, but you're not reporting it correctly, Jonathan.

Jonathan Swan: I think I am, but --

Donald Trump: If you take a look at this other chart... look, this is our testing. I believe this is the testing. Yeah.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah. We do more tests.

Donald Trump: No, wait a minute. Well, don't we get credit for that? And, because we do more tests, we have more cases. In other words, we test more. We have... now, take a look. The top one, that's a good thing not a bad thing. But the top... Jonathan --

Jonathan Swan: If hospitals rates were going down and deaths were going down, I'd say, terrific. You deserve to be praised for testing.

Donald Trump: Well, they don't even --

Jonathan Swan: But they are all going up.

Donald Trump: Well, they very rarely talk --

Jonathan Swan: Plus, 60,000 Americans are in hospital, 1,000 dying a day.

Donald Trump: If you watch the news or read the papers, they usually talk about new cases, new cases, new cases.

Jonathan Swan: I'm talking about death.

Donald Trump: Well, you look at death.

Jonathan Swan: It's going up.

Donald Trump: Death is way down from where it was.

Jonathan Swan: It's 1,000 a day.

Donald Trump: Death --

Jonathan Swan: It was two and a half thousand. It went down to 500. Now, it's going up again.

Donald Trump: Death... excuse me. Where it was is much higher than where it is right now.

Jonathan Swan: It went down and then it went up again.

Donald Trump: It spiked, but now it's going down again.

Jonathan Swan: It's going up.

Donald Trump: It's gone down in Arizona. It's going down in Florida.

Jonathan Swan: nationally it's going up.

Donald Trump: It's going down in Texas. Take a look at this. These are the tests.

Jonathan Swan: It's going down in Florida?

Donald Trump: Yeah. It leveled out and it's going down. That's my report, as of yesterday.

Jonathan Swan: Anyway, Mr. President, if I could change subjects.

Donald Trump: It is going down in Arizona. It is gong down in Texas.

Jonathan Swan: Arizona it is. Arizona it is. Texas has big problems.

Donald Trump: And it is spiked. It spiked and is now going down in Florida. It's evened out and going down in Florida.

Jonathan Swan: I'll have to see those figures.

Donald Trump: But you have to look at this. This is the number of tests compared to the rest of the world.

Jonathan Swan: I don't deny your figures. You've done more tests by far than the rest of the world. I don't deny that.

Donald Trump: Right. And, because we've done more tests, we have more cases.

Jonathan Swan: You have more infections.

Donald Trump: Now, you can take them back. Check it out in your office.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President, different subject, it's been widely reported that the U.S. has intelligence indicating that Russia paid bounties or offered to pay bounties to Taliban fighters to kill American soldiers.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Jonathan Swan: You had a phone call with Vladimir Putin on July 23rd. Did you bring up this issue?

Donald Trump: No. That was a phone call to discuss other things. And frankly, that's an issue that many people said was fake news.

Jonathan Swan: Who said it was fake news?

Donald Trump: I think a lot of people. If you look at some of the wonderful folks from the Bush Administration, some of them, not any friends of mine, were saying that it's a fake issue. But a lot of people said, it's a fake issue.

Jonathan Swan: There was dispute within intelligence.

Donald Trump: But we had a call. We had a call talking about nuclear proliferation.

Jonathan Swan: Right.

Donald Trump: Which is a very big subject where they would like to do something. And so would I. We discussed numbers things. We did not discuss that. No.

Jonathan Swan: And you've never discussed it with him.

Donald Trump: I have never discussed it with him. No. I would. I'd have no problem with it.

Jonathan Swan: But you don't believe the intelligence.

Donald Trump: But you know it never got to --

Jonathan Swan: It's because you don't believe the intelligence. That's why.

Donald Trump: It's interesting. Nobody ever brings up China. They always bring Russia, Russia, Russia. If we can do something with Russia in terms of nuclear proliferation, which is a very big problem.

Jonathan Swan: Right.

Donald Trump: Bigger problem than global warming.

Jonathan Swan: Right.

Donald Trump: A much bigger problem than global warming in terms of the real world, that would be a great thing. No. It never reached my desk.

Jonathan Swan: Okay.

Donald Trump: You know why? Because intelligence, they didn't think it was real.

Jonathan Swan: It was in your written brief though about it.

Donald Trump: They didn't think it was worthy. I wouldn't mind. If it reached my desk, I would have done something about it. It never reached my desk because --

Jonathan Swan: Do you read your written brief?

Donald Trump: I do.

Jonathan Swan: Do you?

Donald Trump: I read it a lot.

Jonathan Swan: Really?

Donald Trump: I read a lot. They like to say I don't read. I read a lot.

Jonathan Swan: You read your daily intelligence brief?

Donald Trump: I comprehend extraordinarily well, probably better than anybody that you've interviewed in a long time. I read a lot. I spend a lot of time at meetings. Usually it's once a day or at least two or three times a week, intelligence meetings.

Jonathan Swan: Because this was apparently in your --

Donald Trump: Talking about India, talking about the problems with China.

Jonathan Swan: Right.

Donald Trump: Talking about so many different elements of the world.

Jonathan Swan: Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Donald Trump: The world is a very angry place, if you look all over the world. We call up. I see a 22 soldiers were killed in India with China fighting over the border. It's been raging for many, many decades. And they've been fighting and back and forth. I have so many briefings on so many different countries, but this one didn't reach my desk.

Jonathan Swan: The reason I say this is, even if you don't believe this particular piece of intelligence, and there is dispute, no doubt, there is dispute in the intelligence committee about it, John Nicholson, former head of forces in Afghanistan said, and this is when he was working for you, that Russia is supplying weapons to the Taliban.

Jonathan Swan: Isn't that enough to challenge Putin over the killings of U.S. soldiers?

Donald Trump: Well, we sold them weapons when they were fighting Russia too. When they were fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan --

Jonathan Swan: Yeah. But that's a different era.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a different... I'm just saying. Yes.

Jonathan Swan: But how does that affect --

Donald Trump: I'm just saying we did that too.

Jonathan Swan: But how does that --

Donald Trump: I don't know. I didn't ask Nicholson about that. He was there for a long time. Didn't have great success because he was there before me. And then, ultimately, I made a change.

Jonathan Swan: But you surely heard that. Right? I mean, it's well known in the intelligence community, that they're arming the Taliban, Russia.

Donald Trump: I don't know. When you say arming is --

Jonathan Swan: Supplying weapons.

Donald Trump: Paying or they --

Jonathan Swan: Russia is supplying weapons and money to the Taliban.

Donald Trump: I have heard that but, again, it's never reached my desk.

Jonathan Swan: I mean, he said it on the record when he was in --

Donald Trump: Hey, Russia doesn't want anything to do with Afghanistan. Let me just say about Russia. Russia used to be a thing called the Soviet Union. Because of Afghanistan, they went bankrupt. They became Russia, just so you do understand. Okay? The last -- Went bankrupt, they became Russia, just so you do understand, okay?

Donald Trump: The last thing that Russia wants to do is get too much involved with Afghanistan. They tried that once. It didn't work out too well.

Jonathan Swan: Last question on this subject.

Donald Trump: And by the way, we're largely out of Afghanistan, as you probably know.

Jonathan Swan: Well, I wanted to ask you about that. The US troop level in Afghanistan right now is roughly the same as it was when you --

Donald Trump: No, you're wrong. No.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President. I'm sorry. We have to do --

Donald Trump: Okay. Are you ready?

Jonathan Swan: No, no. I need --

Donald Trump: We'll be down in a very short... It's already planned.

Jonathan Swan: Well, that's a different question.

Donald Trump: Let me explain. We'll be down in a very short period of time to 8,000, then we're going to be down to 4,000. We're negotiating right now. We've been there for 19 years.

Jonathan Swan: I know. I know.

Donald Trump: 19 years.

Jonathan Swan: But if you just let me finish my question.

Donald Trump: We'll be getting out.

Jonathan Swan: I understand. Look, when you came in, it was 8,800. You boosted to 14,000, and now you're back down to 8,500.

Donald Trump: We're now --

Jonathan Swan: My question to you --

Donald Trump: We'll be at 4,000. I'll get you the exact --

Jonathan Swan: When?

Donald Trump: Very soon. Very soon.

Jonathan Swan: What will be the number? Very soon? 4,000?

Donald Trump: Very soon. Yeah, very soon.

Jonathan Swan: Like how soon?

Donald Trump: I don't want to tell you that. I don't want to tell you.

Jonathan Swan: That's big news.

Donald Trump: What is? That is --

Jonathan Swan: It's going down to 4,000.

Donald Trump: I've always said --

Jonathan Swan: Well, what about election day?

Donald Trump: We will get largely out --

Jonathan Swan: On election day, how many American troops will be in Afghanistan?

Donald Trump: Probably anywhere from four to 5,000.

Jonathan Swan: That's almost as many as when you came into office.

Donald Trump: No, it's not. We had --

Jonathan Swan: 8,000.

Donald Trump: We had much more. We had a lot of people over there too.

Jonathan Swan: 8,800 troops.

Donald Trump: A lot of people. And we did a good job. We wiped out ISIS. Let me just tell you what you don't see.

Jonathan Swan: Have you thought about going down to zero?

Donald Trump: We took out, in Syria, we took out ISIS. We a hundred percent of the caliphate. When I took over Obama, it was totally rampant. ISIS was all over the place. We took them out. We captured them. We killed them a hundred percent, not 99%. I wanted to get out at 99. Everyone said, "Oh, please, would you stay?" I stayed.

Donald Trump: 99% was good, but a hundred percent of the caliphate. We took out Soleimani. We took out al-Baghdadi. We took out people that nobody thought possible. Al-Baghdadi was the biggest terrorist of them all. They couldn't find him. I took him out. Soleimani, even bigger. I took him out. I've done things that no other president's done.

Donald Trump: None. I mean, fortunately, not too many. They should have never been in the Middle East. The decision to go to the Middle East and get into the Middle East was the single biggest mistake made in the history of our country. That's my opinion.

Jonathan Swan: You told Fox News recently that you couldn't say whether you'd accept the results of the 2020 election. What does that actually look like as the sitting president? I mean, it's unprecedented. What would that actually look like?

Donald Trump: Well, Hillary Clinton never accepted them.

Jonathan Swan: Well, she conceded on them.

Donald Trump: I mean, she doesn't accept them and she got beaten very easily.

Jonathan Swan: But that's the important point. That's the important point. She conceded on election night. Now, she grumbled about it and said all sorts of --

Donald Trump: Grumbled? Grumbled? She wrote books about it.

Jonathan Swan: Okay, fine, she wrote books.

Donald Trump: And don't use the word grumbled.

Jonathan Swan: Fine. But --

Donald Trump: She wrote books about it.

Jonathan Swan: That's fine, but I just --

Donald Trump: She got beaten easy.

Jonathan Swan: I get it. I get it.

Donald Trump: 306 to 223. That's a lot. That's a lot.

Jonathan Swan: I'm not disputing you beat Hillary Clinton. Listen, what of asking is you'll be the sitting president in the White House. What does that look like not accepting --

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what it looks like.

Jonathan Swan: Are you litigating?

Donald Trump: Let me tell you what it looks.

Jonathan Swan: Okay.

Donald Trump: So we have a new phenomena. It's called mail-in voting, where you send, where a governor --

Jonathan Swan: New?

Donald Trump: Well, it's new --

Jonathan Swan: It's been here since the Civil War. Americans have --

Donald Trump: In terms of kind of the kind of millions and millions of ballots. They've never done anything like that.

Jonathan Swan: It'll be bigger this year because of the pandemic.

Donald Trump: Bigger? Not bigger, massively bigger.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah, because of the pandemic.

Donald Trump: So they're going to send tens of millions of ballots to California, all over the place, to who's going to get them. I have a friend who lives in Westchester County --

Jonathan Swan: They send applications, not allots.

Donald Trump: His son passed away. He had a beautiful, wonderful son. Young man. Passed away seven years ago. He called me, he said, "I just got a ballot for my son, Robert."

Jonathan Swan: Probably an application.

Donald Trump: He died seven years ago. Somebody got at ballot for a dog. Somebody got a ballot for something else. You got millions of ballots going, nobody even knows where they're going. You look at some of the corruption having to do with universal mail-in voting... Absentee voting is okay. You have to apply, you have to go through a process.

Jonathan Swan: You have to apply for mail-in. It's the same thing.

Donald Trump: Absentee voting is good. Look, you're sending it out --

Jonathan Swan: Let's do concrete. Let's do concrete.

Donald Trump: Jonathan, they're sending out --

Jonathan Swan: Applications. You download them off --

Donald Trump: Governors, millions of ballots. There is --

Jonathan Swan: No, they're not. It's applications. You can get them off the internet.

Donald Trump: There is no way you can go through a mail-in vote without massive cheating.

Jonathan Swan: I honestly don't understand this topic with --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Jonathan Swan: The Republican party has an extremely well-funded vote by mail program. Your campaign puts out emails telling people to vote by mail.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Jonathan Swan: Your daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, she did robocalls in California saying it's safe and secure, mail-in voting.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you. We have no choice.

Jonathan Swan: The Republic won. That was an all mail-in race.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you. You ready?

Jonathan Swan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have no choice because right now, we have, but we have many court cases that we're waiting. We have one filed in Western Pennsylvania. We have many court cases where we're trying to end it. We went through World War I, you went to the polls, you voted, we went through World War II, you went to the polls, you voted.

Jonathan Swan: You've had mail-in voting since the Civil War.

Donald Trump: And now because of the China virus, we're supposed to stay home, send millions of ballots all over the country, millions and millions. You know, you could have a case where this election won't be decided on the evening of November 3rd.

Jonathan Swan: Absolutely. What's wrong with that?

Donald Trump: This election could be decided two months later,

Jonathan Swan: It won't be two months, but what's wrong with the proper mail-in count?

Donald Trump: It could be decided many months later.

Jonathan Swan: Have you discussed the --

Donald Trump: You know why? Because lots of things will happen during that period of time. Especially when you have tight margins, lots of things can happen. There's never been anything like this when you try... Now, of course, right now, we have to live with it, but we're challenging it in many courts, as you know, all over the country.

Jonathan Swan: You're going to litigate? Mr. President, the other day, a reporter asked you about Ghislaine Maxwell. You said, "I just wish her well, frankly. I've met her numerous times over the years, especially since I lived in Palm Beach, but I wish her well, whatever it is." Mr. President, Ghislaine Maxwell has been arrested on allegations of child sex trafficking.

Jonathan Swan: Why would you wish such a person well?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I don't know that, but I do know this --

Jonathan Swan: She has. She's been arrested for that. You know that.

Donald Trump: Her friend or boyfriend --

Jonathan Swan: Epstein.

Donald Trump: Was either killed or committed suicide in jail. She's now in jail. Yeah, I wish you well, I'd wish you well, I'd wish a lot of people well. Good luck. Let them prove somebody was guilty. I mean, you do know that she --

Jonathan Swan: Oh. So you're saying you hope she doesn't die in jail? Is that what you mean by wish her well?

Donald Trump: Well, her boyfriend died in jail and people are still trying to figure out how did it happened? Was it suicide? Was he killed? And I do wish her well. I'm not looking for anything bad for her. I'm not looking bad for anybody. And they took that and made it such a big deal --

Jonathan Swan: I mean, she's a alleged child sex trafficker.

Donald Trump: But all it is is her boyfriend died. He died in jail. Was he killed? Was it suicide? I do, I wish her well.

Jonathan Swan: Let's move to Portland. I'm sure you've seen the disturbing footage of people in fatigues beating the Navy veteran.

Donald Trump: No, no, no, no, no, no. No. No.

Jonathan Swan: Well, it's there.

Donald Trump: here you go, the fake news.

Jonathan Swan: It's not fake news, it's on video.

Donald Trump: No, no.

Jonathan Swan: Pepper spraying him.

Donald Trump: For 59 days, these people were anarchists and agitators, and some protesters, but these were anarchists. These people were beating the hell out of the city. They were beating up our federal buildings and our federal courthouse. We told the police to stop it. You make sure. And the police wouldn't do it. Not the police --

Jonathan Swan: Your own justice department and Homeland Security Inspector General --

Donald Trump: Excuse me.

Jonathan Swan: But your Inspector Generals are investigating unconstitutional --

Donald Trump: You're trying now to blame law enforcement instead of anarchists --

Jonathan Swan: I'm not.

Donald Trump: Instead of Antifa.

Jonathan Swan: I'm not.

Donald Trump: It's Antifa and anarchists that are causing the problems, not law enforcement. Our law enforcement, if we didn't have people at our courthouse, and they're strong, tough people, and they don't want... They try and be very good, believe me. But if we didn't have people there, you would have your federal courthouse, a $600 million building, you would have that thing burned to the ground right now.

Jonathan Swan: I'm asking you about tactics and about the unmarked vans where they're rounding people up. And I want to --

Donald Trump: Okay, let me tell you about unmarked.

Jonathan Swan: Can I just finish my question.

Donald Trump: Well let me tell you about unmarked.

Jonathan Swan: Could I just finish my question? Because it relates to this. I promise. This is from Rand Paul. "We cannot give up liberty for security. Local law enforcement can and should be handling these situations in our cities, but there is no place for federal troops or unidentified federal agents rounding people up at will." What is your response to Senator Paul?

Donald Trump: First of all, these are Homeland Security people. They're securing a courthouse.

Jonathan Swan: They're border patrol.

Donald Trump: They're Homeland Security.

Jonathan Swan: Elite units.

Donald Trump: Border, hopefully they have ICE in there.

Jonathan Swan: Camo, gas masks.

Donald Trump: Hopefully they have ICE. Now, do you know why they're unmarked?

Jonathan Swan: Why?

Donald Trump: Because these terrorists, these Antifa people, these people that are at anarchists and agitators, when they see the name on a uniform of a person, a policeman or a law enforcement person, they find out where that person lives. And then they go and they scare the hell out of the person's family. And so they do it for that reason.

Donald Trump: It's just common... There's nothing secret about this. And you know it. You see what's going on right now. We have Chad Wolf. They have people. He's doing a fantastic job. He's the acting head. He's doing a fantastic job. Chad Wolf has pickets and very dangerous looking people outside of his house. He's going to be just fine.

Donald Trump: He's tough and he's got people, but if you have the names on all of these uniforms, you'll have these maniacs in front of their houses, scaring their family and their wives or husbands, whatever it may be. I think it's a very good reason not to have your name. Why should you have identification? "My name is Bill Smith and here's where I live and I'm a member of-"

Jonathan Swan: The really serious concern is the reports --

Donald Trump: No, no, that's a serious concern.

Jonathan Swan: No, no, not about that. The serious concern is the reports of people being rounded up and not being told why they're being detained. That's what's being investigated by --

Donald Trump: Why? Why are they being detained?

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President, the Inspectors Generals --

Donald Trump: You know why? You know why they're being detained? Well, --

Jonathan Swan: There's an investigation. Do you support that investigation?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't seen the result yet. Let me see the result.

Jonathan Swan: But you support the initiative of it?

Donald Trump: No, I think that actually --

Jonathan Swan: You don't?

Donald Trump: I think Antifa should be investigated, not the law enforcement. They're investigating, think of --

Jonathan Swan: They shouldn't be investigating?

Donald Trump: Have you been watching television -- They're investigating --

Jonathan Swan: They shouldn't be investigating?

Donald Trump: Have you been watching television?

Jonathan Swan: I have.

Donald Trump: Have you been seeing the violence?

Jonathan Swan: Sure.

Donald Trump: Now, if you watch NBC News like I watch NBC fake news. I'm watching it. Lester Holt, real beauty. I'm watching this NBC News sham, and you have a mayor named Wheeler and he's standing out there and he's being accosted by the people. You know that. I mean, it's horrible what they're doing to him in Portland, the mayor of Portland and he thought he'd go out.

Donald Trump: He'd be a man. What they were doing and saying, and everything else to him, I happened to watch it on a different station. He had to get out. He had five security guards.

Jonathan Swan: I saw it.

Donald Trump: He got out with his life. Okay.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Wait. If you watch NBC News, they make them like he's standing there bravely fighting with the people, in a positive sense, that everything is wonderful. No. He went out there. He's lucky he got away with his life because they would've killed him. He had five guards, but NBC News showed it like he's standing with the people for justice.

Donald Trump: Look, those people, take a look at what they've done to the courthouse. Take a look at what they've done to the streets. Take a look at the violence.

Jonathan Swan: It's getting worse since they've gone in. It's getting worse.

Donald Trump: Actually, it's getting better. We had a very good... We've arrested a lot of people and we now have a 10 year rule. You try not to knock down our courthouse --

Jonathan Swan: More businesses damaged, more violence --

Donald Trump: You touch our courthouse, you go to jail for 10 years.

Jonathan Swan: Turning to the rest of the country, we haven't seen protests like this since the '60s. I mean, we're seeing --

Donald Trump: These are Democrat-run cities.

Jonathan Swan: If I could finish my question. If I could finish my question.

Donald Trump: And they're doing it for political reasons.

Jonathan Swan: You said you've done so much for African Americans.

Donald Trump: I have.

Jonathan Swan: But there are Americans --

Donald Trump: Criminal justice reform, opportunity.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah, I understand, but let me finish. There were Americans out in the streets asking for change. Mr. President, have you ever met with a Black Lives Matter activist to hear them out, hear their arguments?

Donald Trump: Well, Black Lives Matter started off to me very badly because it was --

Jonathan Swan: Did you ever meet with one?

Donald Trump: ... pigs in a blanket, burn them like bacon. That was the first time I ever of Black... That was three, four years ago. Pigs meaning policemen. Pigs is what they're referring to, in a blanket, fry them like bacon. So I got off to a bad start. I got off to a very bad start.

Jonathan Swan: Would you meet with a --

Donald Trump: And so did --

Jonathan Swan: Would you with a Black Lives Matter activist?

Donald Trump: I would. But I think right now when they paint --

Jonathan Swan: Why haven't you?

Donald Trump: ... the sign. Nobody's asked for a meeting, right? I've never been, nobody's ever asked me for a meeting. Let me tell you with African Americans, I'm doing very well. They had the best employment numbers they've ever had. They had the best job numbers they've ever had. They were making more money than they ever made.

Donald Trump: We were all set until we got hit by China with the virus. Jonathan, there was actually, we were becoming a very unified country.

Jonathan Swan: Do you believe that --

Donald Trump: Because of success.

Jonathan Swan: I understand. Do you believe though, Mr. President, that many police treat black people differently from white people?

Donald Trump: Well, I hope not. I hope not. Certainly the --

Jonathan Swan: You've seen the statistics.

Donald Trump: The knee on the neck was a disgrace. Okay?

Jonathan Swan: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It was a disgrace.

Jonathan Swan: I'm talking about what does systemic racism mean to you?

Donald Trump: I hope the answer to that question is no. Does anybody really answer that question accurately? Does anybody really know?

Jonathan Swan: But what about not hope? What about analysis? What's your cold-hearted view of it?

Donald Trump: I have seen where there is a difference and I don't want there to be a difference. I don't like that there would be a difference. But with that being said --

Jonathan Swan: Why do you think Black men are two and a half times --

Donald Trump: Police have killed white people --

Jonathan Swan: I know, but why do you think Black men --

Donald Trump: ... in larger number, police have killed white people.

Jonathan Swan: In quantity, but why do you think Black men are two and a half times more likely to be killed by police than white men?

Donald Trump: That I don't know --

Jonathan Swan: Why?

Donald Trump: ... but I don't like it.

Jonathan Swan: But you must've thought about it.

Donald Trump: I don't know why, but I don't like it. I do know this --

Jonathan Swan: Does it speak to something systemic?

Donald Trump: ... that police have killed many white people also.

Jonathan Swan: But proportionally, what does it speak to?

Donald Trump: It speaks to something, if that's the number?

Jonathan Swan: It is the number.

Donald Trump: Okay. If that's the number, it speaks to something that to me is unacceptable.

Jonathan Swan: And what do you do about it then?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we've already done a lot of things --

Jonathan Swan: But you haven't, it still exists.

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you.

Jonathan Swan: No, no, I understand your achievements. I know what you're going to say. I'm not suggesting you haven't done a lot economically --

Donald Trump: I've done a thing called criminal justice reform.

Jonathan Swan: I get it, I'm just saying what changes --

Donald Trump: And your friend President Obama couldn't get done.

Jonathan Swan: He's not my friend. I'm asking about a statistic.

Donald Trump: He tried, but he couldn't get it done. I got criminal justice --

Jonathan Swan: I get it. I get it.

Donald Trump: I got opportunities on, I took care of the historically Black... If you look at what I've done for colleges, for Black colleges and universities, I got them funding. Obama never did it. I did more for the Black community than anybody with the possible exception of Abraham Lincoln, whether you like it or not.

Donald Trump: People say, "Oh, that's interesting."

Jonathan Swan: You really believe you did more than Lyndon Johnson who passed the Civil Rights Act?

Donald Trump: I think I did, yeah.

Jonathan Swan: How? How possibly did you --

Donald Trump: Because I got criminal justice reform done, I got prison reform --

Jonathan Swan: Lyndon Johnson --

Donald Trump: I've done things. Well --

Jonathan Swan: He passed the Civil Rights Act.

Donald Trump: Ask. Ask. How has it worked out? If you take a look at what Lyndon Johnson did?

Jonathan Swan: You think the Civil Rights Act was a mistake?

Donald Trump: How has it worked out? Because frankly, it took a long time, but for African Americans --

Jonathan Swan: But you think that was a mistake?

Donald Trump: ... under my administration, Jonathan, under my administration, African Americans were doing better than they have ever done in the history of this country. So I did a lot, job numbers, all of it, money. They had money, they were getting great. Their percentage was up, their housing ownership was up. They did better than they've ever done until we got hit --

Jonathan Swan: I just don't know how you can --

Donald Trump: ... and now you know what we're doing? I'm building it up again. We're going to have it. Next year will be a great year, unless it's screwed up by somebody that doesn't know what he's doing, which could happen, but I don't think it will.

Jonathan Swan: John Lewis is lying in state in the U.S. Capitol. How do you think history will remember John Lewis?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I really don't know. I don't know. I don't know John Lewis. He chose not to come to my inauguration. He chose... I never met John Lewis, actually, I don't believe.

Jonathan Swan: Do you find him impressive?

Donald Trump: I can't say one or the other. I find a lot of people impressive. I find many people not impressive. But no, but I didn't go --

Jonathan Swan: Do you find his story impressive?

Donald Trump: He didn't come to my inauguration. He didn't come to my State of the Union speeches, and that's okay. That's his right. And again, nobody has done more --

Jonathan Swan: Right, but back --

Donald Trump: ... for Black Americans than I have.

Jonathan Swan: I understand.

Donald Trump: He should've come. I think he made a big mistake by not showing up.

Jonathan Swan: But taking your relationship with him out of it, do you find his story impressive? What he's done for this country?

Donald Trump: He was a person that devoted a lot of energy and a lot of heart to civil rights, but there were many others also.

Jonathan Swan: There's a petition to rename the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama as the John Lewis Bridge. Would you support that idea?

Donald Trump: I would have no objection to it if they've like to do it.

Jonathan Swan: Yeah? It's a good idea?

Donald Trump: Would have no objection to it whatsoever.

Jonathan Swan: Mr. President, you've been so generous with your time and we really appreciate.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Great honor.

Jonathan Swan: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Okay, thank you.

Jonathan Swan: Thank you, sir.