Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-10-phoenix-kari-lake-february-19-2020

Kari Lake: Mr. President, thank you so much for having us --

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Kari Lake: -- and welcome back to Arizona.

Donald Trump: Oh, I love Arizona.

Kari Lake: How does it feel to be back here?

Donald Trump: Well, it's something special. We won this state, and it was my first -- my first speech as a candidate, as you remember, in the convention center, and it was a tremendous success. So we -- I love this state.

Kari Lake: People really took notice after that. Did you feel that there was something special there that day?

Donald Trump: Well, we came and we had 50,000 people, and it held a lot less of that. It was packed, and they had a lot of people outside, just like this -- this is even a bigger crowd today. But, people started saying, well that's a heck of a crowd. And that was actually my first speech as a potential candidate. So, it was something very special.

Kari Lake: People took notice. I have to ask you about something and you just retweeted it. When we got here a few hours ago when we saw the most amazing thing it was a couple men -- President Trump supporters -- and they were carrying down a World War II veteran and, I got a lump in my throat. A lot of people were crying when they saw that, yet your supporters get a pretty bad rap out there by some.

Donald Trump: Oh really? No kidding. I saw the clip on television as I was coming in on Air Force One, and I saw them taking a vet, who was an older guy and a wonderful looking guy, and they were carrying him to the front row, and I saw that happen. I thought it was beautiful. I thought it was really beautiful. Why, is somebody giving that a bad rap?

Kari Lake: I hope not --

Donald Trump: I can't imagine that one. That would be -- but you never know --

Kari Lake: I know -- I know some some of your supporters have been called names, and I'm sure that doesn't make you feel very good when they do that.

Donald Trump: Oh, no. Our supporters. We have tremendous support and tremendous supporters and our supporters get ahead of themselves very well. That's for sure.

Kari Lake: Well, there's a lot of them here tonight. I got to ask you about something that's on a lot people's mind, and that is the Coronavirus. How confident are you that China is being 100 percent honest with us when it comes to this scary virus?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm confident that they're trying very hard. I mean, I know President Xi -- I get along with him very well. We've just made a great trade deal, which is going to be a lot of business for Arizona and every other place. But, they are trying very, very hard, and I think the numbers are going to get progressively better as we go along.

Donald Trump: They're working it -- they built they built a hospital in seven days, and now they're building another one. I think it's going to work out fine. I think when we get into April, in the warmer weather, that has a very negative effect on that and that type of a virus. So let's see what happens, but I think it's going to work out fine.

Donald Trump: I think they're working very hard. I spoke to President Xi, and they are really working hard at it.

Kari Lake: So you're not losing sleep over that, but do you lose sleep over many things? If so, what do you lose sleep over?

Donald Trump: I don't get that much sleep to start off with, so I don't want to lose too much sleep. But, I try not to. The economy is doing phenomenally well. Our country is doing fantastic. We've rebuilt our military. You look at what's happened with our vets. The vets have been, you know, the vets are in love with what we're doing.

Donald Trump: We got Veterans' Choice. We got Veterans' Accountability. We're protecting our Second Amendment. We cut our taxes at the highest level ever done. And the Democrats want to raise taxes, which is something maybe someday they'll explain, because nobody can explain it. But they want to raise taxes. We cut taxes and we cut regulations, and the country is doing great.

Kari Lake: I got to ask you about one thing affecting young people, and it's the student loan crisis.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Kari Lake: There's so many loans out there that people feel they're underwater, and they can't escape that. Is there any -- I know that they are -- they seem to be gravitating towards the Democrats, because they are talking about it, and providing solutions, maybe not what everybody wants which is forgiveness. But I don't hear Republicans talking about it.

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of people don't like that. We're -- we're -- well, we are talking about it, and we're doing things about it. You know that was set up by President Obama as a subsidy for Obamacare, and which a lot of people don't understand, and it turns out to be a disaster. There's a tremendous default rate, and we're going to be doing something on it. The Democrats are talking, but they're never going to be able to do it because they can't get it through Congress, whereas I've gotten everything through Congress, whether it's criminal justice reform -- which everybody said couldn't be done, and many other things.

Donald Trump: So we're going to be working on that very hard. It's a big -- it's a big issue, and it's a very tough issue for students, so we're going to do something really good. We will be announcing it in the not too distant future.

Kari Lake: Uh, okay. Thank you so much President Trump and we appreciate your time.

Donald Trump: We can do another one. It's alright.

Kari Lake: Well, one of the things I want -- we have -- there's a saying that you see a lot on social media in Calif -- in Arizona, which is Don't California our Arizona. We're seeing a lot of people coming in from California.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kari Lake: -- and it's really changed the demographics, for better or for worse.

Donald Trump: Right.

Kari Lake: How is that going to change the demographics for the people voting for you? Are we going to be a blue state? Are we going to be a purple state?

Donald Trump: Well, I won Arizona pretty easily last time, and I think that a lot of the people that are coming in are somewhat conservative. It's very interesting. They're coming in from California by the droves. They've been driven out of California by crazy policies. You look at San Francisco. You look at Los Angeles with the terrible homeless problem, and they're not taking care of it. But look at the streets and look what's going on. They're coming to Arizona.

Donald Trump: But I think it's a conservative group that's coming to Arizona too. And we're doing fantastically with the Hispanics, as you know, and this is -- you have a lot of Hispanics, and we're doing really great with Hispanics, and we're giving you border protection, which is what you have to have.

Kari Lake: Well, this looks pretty full out there tonight.

Donald Trump: This is packed.

Kari Lake: And, you know, Elvis Presley, performed here. Nirvana, they filled it up, so you're probably in pretty good company.

Donald Trump: I think -- we broke all records tonight, they say, and there's thousands of people outside that can't get in. So look, it's been a great state from day one for me, and we love the people of Arizona.

Kari Lake: Excellent. Do you think -- who's going to win the debate on the Democrat side tonight?

Donald Trump: Well we're watching. We'll see about mini Mike. We're going to see -- I know him, and he's not -- he's not a debater. But it's going to be interesting. Bernie Sanders seems to have a big advantage now. The polls that just came out seem to have him with the biggest advantage for winning the whole thing. But we'll see what happens.

Kari Lake: If -- if he doesn't win, do you think you can take some of his supporters.

Donald Trump: I think last time we did. I think we will. The last time we had a lot of Bernie Sanders supporters. I think if they take it away from him like they did the last time, I really believe you're going to have -- you're gonna have a very riotous time in the Democrat Party, because they really -- they did a lot of numbers on him.

Donald Trump: I think she actually won it, but it was very close, and then they had the superdelegates, and they took a lot of things away. They took a lot of liberties. I think if they do that again this time, you can have a really very difficult -- they can have a very difficult time. I hope they have a difficult time anyway, because nobody's done the job that we've done.

Donald Trump: Our country is doing great.

Kari Lake: Are you feeling really good about this tonight --

Donald Trump: I do. I really do.

Kari Lake: -- and when -- and when you come into a crowd like this, what does it feel like to step on that stage?

Donald Trump: Well, when you see an arena like this, it's a big arena and it's packed, and you have thousands of people outside trying to get in, we have movie screens up, I don't know, it's a great feeling. To me it's a great feeling.

Kari Lake: And your family is here with you tonight, part of 'em?

Donald Trump: They're here. Part of my family's here, and they're out there and they're cheering us on.