Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-trish-regan-fox-business-february-10-2020

Note: [The transcript was provided by Fox Business Network's Trish Regan Primetime. It was checked against the video and is accurate. Video and transcript courtest of Fox Business Network.]

Trish Regan: That's quite a crowd. I'm from New Hampshire. I grew up here. I -- I didn't really know that we could get 10,000 or -- or 13, or whatever it is. I mean there's many thousands of people here. What do you think? All 24 hours before the primary -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, we won New Hampshire last time in the primaries, and it was -- it was a great night. It was a very exciting night. And we have thousands of people that -- maybe tens of thousands of people that cannot get in. And I guess it holds 12 or something like that. So we're very honored by -- it's a great place, great state.

Trish Regan: What do you think of the Dems right now?

Donald Trump: I think they're in disarray. I think they have no idea who it is and what it is. It looks like Bernie is a little bit surging. I don't know what that means by surging. It depends on your definition of surge. What happened in Iowa is a disgrace, and I think pretty embarrassing to them. But you know, they'll pick somebody and whoever it is, it is.

Trish Regan: And you'll run against them.

Donald Trump: I will have to run against somebody. They're going to pick somebody.

Trish Regan: You know it -- it's gotten really challenging, as we can see, you've been through a lot. Nancy Pelosi the other night tearing up the speech -- did you -- did you have any idea that was going on?

Donald Trump: No. But she was mumbling behind me all night long. So you know, they gave me -- I got very nice reviews on the speech, but I said even better because she was mumbling all night long behind me. And I had heard she tore her -- actually when I walked out, a lot of the folks said, did you see what she did. I didn't see it, no.

Trish Regan: How do you work with her now, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well look, we've done a lot. We've done a lot without her. We've done a lot, you know, whatever we can do. We have a -- we have great people, Senators and Congressmen and women. And we've -- I think we've done more than anybody has done in the first three years of a term.

Trish Regan: And yet, you had to fight a lot. I mean I think --

Donald Trump: You have to fight all the way with these people. We could solve the immigration problem -- you know, we've -- we're building the wall. But I had to build it without them. I had to go all the way around and short circuit it. And now we're -- we're building the wall very rapidly actually, we have over 100 miles built.

Donald Trump: We're going to have close to 500 miles built in the very near future, and it's going to be very important. Well, you already see where we have the 100 miles up, Trish, what a difference it makes in that area. It's a lot. But what a difference it makes in the area, like day and night.

Trish Regan: Yeah, and you've got the money now with the --

Donald Trump: We're all -- we're all fully funded.

Trish Regan: Let me ask you, though, about the -- the legal action that Attorney General Barr is putting forward now against states like New Jersey. Is this going to escalate? I mean if you have a state saying, you know, we don't care what the federal government is doing, does this go all the way possibly to the Supreme Court?

Donald Trump: Well, the -- the -- a lot of it goes to the Supreme Court. We won a lot of them on the Supreme Court. The ban, as you know, we won at the Supreme Court. We lost in the lower courts out in the Ninth Circuit, and then we won at the Supreme Court. But no. I think some of them go and some of them don't. But the people are on our side.

Donald Trump: You can see that by the kind of crowds we have. I mean we have a larger crowd tonight than if you added up all of the other people put together . We have a much larger crowd than all of them put together.

Trish Regan: And there's passion there, you can see that. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It is passion, they're all voters.

Trish Regan: Let me ask you about the NSC, because you've been sort of fighting an uphill battle with some of those people there at the NSC. Any thoughts on John Bolton, whether or not he might have been connected to or urging on the whistleblower?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to see. We're doing a lot of work on that, and we're going to see. We'll have a full report at some point in the future. But we have to be very careful. And you know, when you're talking about national security, and you're talking all of the different things that we do and all of the people.

Donald Trump: I mean you can't just go out and write a book. And I gave him a big break because, you know, that's not a Senate approved job. And he was not able to get a Senate approved job, he never had one before. And when he was at the U.N. he was -- he was appointed, but he wasn't approved by the Senate. And so we're going to see how it all works out.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to work out very well.

Trish Regan: President Xi, I know you spoke to him recently about Coronavirus.

Donald Trump: I did.

Trish Regan: Some concerns that their economy is really going to tank because of this and that that could have a spillover effect here. What's your sense of their transparency right now, whether they're being more accommodating in terms of telling us what's going on and how it affects our economy?

Donald Trump: Well, I think China is very, you know, professionally run in the sense that they have everything under control. I really believe they are going to have it under control fairly soon. You know in April, supposedly, it dies with the hotter weather. And that's a beautiful date to look forward to. But China I can tell you is working very hard.

Donald Trump: We're working with them. You know, we just sent some of our best people over there, World Health Organization and a lot of them are composed of our people. They're fantastic. And they're now in China, and we're helping them out. We're in very good shape. We have 11 cases and most of them are getting better very rapidly.

Donald Trump: I think they'll all be better. But, no. Our relationship with China, you know, we made a -- a great deal, a great trade deal, and our relationship on top of that is probably better with China. They respect us now. What they were getting away with was murder. You know that from being -- [Crosstalk]

Trish Regan: -- whole thing on its head. You really did in a way that nobody thought was quite possible.

Donald Trump: They'll be buying $250 billion worth of our product that we grow and make, et cetera -- $250 billion coming in. And Japan is going to be $40 billion. And then you look at the US-Mexico and Canada, USMCA, that's going to be a fantastic deal for the farmers, manufacturers, automakers, everybody. I mean we have these incredible things happening.

Donald Trump: And I think the virus is going to be -- it's going to be fine. They're working very hard and we are in communication with them.

Trish Regan: Good. Good. Last time I talked to you in person, you were pretty angry with Jay Powell. How do you feel about him now?

Donald Trump: Well I'm not happy with him. We have a higher Fed rate than other countries. And I say, look, we should have the same. We're the best. We're the strongest by far. We're by far the biggest. It's our currency, you know, everything is us, and yet we pay more. You look at Germany. They actually pay negative interest rates.

Donald Trump: And other countries, Japan, other countries. And we should be paying less than anybody frankly. These are negative rates. Nobody's ever seen it before, but I love the sound of it. I mean, you pay off a loan and they pay you. There's something awfully good sounding about that. Who knows where it leads, but I will say that -- no, I'm not happy.

Donald Trump: He raised too fast. He lowered too slow. And then he should have gone a lot faster. And -- he raised rates too fast. He quantitative tightened. He tightened up. And with all of that we're still doing the best by far in the world. But we could have been up substantially higher had he not done that. And -- but don't forget Obama, President Obama was paying zero interest rates.

Donald Trump: In our case, we were paying, you know, we're paying interest -- which is good. In all fairness, from one standpoint, people are getting interest on their money they save. They get some interest on the money. It's also much better for the banks. So the banks remain very solid and very good. But no I think we should be, you know, competing.

Donald Trump: They're -- they're competitors of ours, Germany and all -- France -- all of these different countries. They're competitors. We should be paying the best rates.

Trish Regan: Makes sense.

Donald Trump: We're not -- we're not paying the best rates the way they have it now. Right?

Trish Regan: Yes. No, no, no we're not. So he's meeting again in March, the Fed meets. We'll see. Right?

Donald Trump: Well we're going to see. Look, I'm not happy with the whole situation. We should have never raised interest rates like we did. We should not have tightened like we did. And we should have a lower interest rate or a lower Fed rate right now.

Trish Regan: You know they're going to - they're going to criticize you for saying that, because not a lot of presidents would come on and be so direct with the Fed-- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: That's right. I know a lot about it. I have a good instinct for that kind of thing. I have all of my life. And I just -- look we're doing phenomenally, but we could have been up higher. We were paying zero, now we're paying interest. So that's not the same thing. It's a big difference. The Federal Reserve positions are very important positions.

Donald Trump: So he let me down. I think he's done the wrong thing, and so far I've been 100 percent right.

Trish Regan: Last question to you. The liberal media's taking aim at you right now, saying that you've effectively lied about the number of injuries related to that strike in Iraq -- on Iran -- Soleimani. What's your response to that?

Donald Trump: Well I haven't seen too much of that. I can say this -- that I don't think they were looking to do too much damage, because they knew what the consequences were going to be -- big consequences. And when they said nobody was hurt, nobody was -- because I saw the missiles. We saw them going. They had 16 and 12 landed.

Donald Trump: And they landed in a way that they didn't hit anybody. And so when they came in and told me that nobody was killed, I was impressed by that. And you know, I stopped something that would have been very devastating for them. And then a couple of weeks later I started hearing about people having to do with trauma -- head trauma.

Donald Trump: And that -- that exists. But it's -- you know, I viewed it a little bit differently than most, and I won't be changing my mind on that.

Trish Regan: So hometown question. What do you think of my state?

Donald Trump: I think your state is great. I think your people are great. I loved it last -- this was a big win for me. We went on to South Carolina. We won all over the place -- [Crosstalk]

Trish Regan: You had all the momentum then.

Donald Trump: We got a lot of momentum. We did really -- [Crosstalk]

Trish Regan: You've got momentum now too.

Donald Trump: Well, we did really well in Iowa, and then we came here and won this by a lot. Then we won South Carolina by a lot. And we won everything by a lot.

Trish Regan: Yes, yes. And it must feel good to -- to have some of this stuff out of the way. You think they're going to come back and say they won? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, it was -- I can't imagine, because it's driven our poll numbers way up, as you know better than maybe I do -- [Crosstalk]

Trish Regan: -- it backfired.

Donald Trump: Our poll numbers are the highest they've ever been by far. It's -- the Republican Party even, their numbers have been driven way up. So you know, it's been -- it's been fine. But it's very unfair to my family, very unfair to a lot of great people that work in the administration. Very unfair. You know, we -- we've gone through this for three years.

Donald Trump: This isn't just the impeachment hoax. This is the witch hunt, I call it. The Russia, Russia, Russia nonsense. And -- but it's been -- we've been fully exonerated. We've been -- you know, it's -- it's good. I can't imagine them starting again, but with these people you never know. You never know.

Trish Regan: I know. I know. Well you've got a pretty excited crowd to get to.

Donald Trump: We're going to -- we're going to have a good time tonight.

Trish Regan: You will. And enjoy New Hampshire. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And you have a great show. And I tell you, you really do. I love your show. Thank you very much.

Trish Regan: Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Trish.