Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-van-susteren-gray-tv-july-7-2020

Greta Van Susteren: Mr. President, you say there's going to be a vaccine soon. Can you tell me what soon is?

Donald Trump: Well, I think before the end of the year I really would expect to see it. And therapeutically we already have things that are helping a lot. A lot of things are coming to the fore, and we have the lowest mortality rate. We saw that just yesterday it was pronounced. I think probably some of that's because we do have therapeutics already coming out, and that we have, and that they're using, that really make the death rate, the mortality rate, the best anywhere in the world.

Greta Van Susteren: With the mortality rate going down in the United States, which is great news, Remdesivir is the treatment that people are looking to. But Remdesivir is not widely available. We're trying to produce it. Is there anything you can do to sort of step up the production? I think there are 190,000 doses by the end of June, just recently.

Greta Van Susteren: And 2,000,000 by the end of the year. But we need more.

Donald Trump: It's hard to make, and it's a slow process to make it. But we have others coming out which I think will be even better than Remdesivir. And they're coming out soon. We have many great companies working on things, and they're really at a very high stage. And the vaccine? I think by the end of the year we're going to have the vaccine.

Donald Trump: And we're ready to distribute it. Logistically, we're totally set to distributed it.

Greta Van Susteren: It's either good news, or encouraging news of Remdesivir and other possibilities of a vaccine coming out, the mortality rate going down. But the hospitalization is now going up. And I think 23 States, and it's spiking in different parts of the country. And even Dr. Fauci is saying that we're knee-deep, and he's saying that we're not in a very good place or something to that effect.

Greta Van Susteren: How do we reconcile the good news with the bad news?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we are in a good place. I disagree with him. Dr. Fauci said don't wear masks and now he says wear them. And he said numerous things. Don't close off China. Don't ban China. I did it anyway. I didn't listen to my experts and I banned China. We would have been in much worse shape. You wouldn't believe the number of deaths more we would have had if we didn't do the ban.

Donald Trump: And then we banned Europe also when Italy and the various countries were in such trouble. So, we've done a good job. I think we are going to be in two, three, four weeks, by the time we next speak, I think we're going to be in very good shape. Hospitalization. I think Florida basically you talk about Florida, California, more than anyplace else.

Donald Trump: Many other States are in very fine shape, they're doing very well. But we have some areas that looked like we were going to escape, that they were going to escape, and all of a sudden it became hot like Florida, like California, like a couple of others. But I think you're going to see with all of the things that we're doing, and with all of the therapeutics that are coming out, and then ultimately the vaccine, we're going to be in very good shape very soon.

Greta Van Susteren: School is a big issue in the country, obviously. Florida has this issuing order that they're going to open schools, and at the same time they're spiking in cases.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Greta Van Susteren: When you read that, you think, how can you issue an order, open schools, when the cases are going up?

Donald Trump: Well, you're right. The cases go up because we do so much testing. We have more testing than anybody in the world. But if you look at the mortality rate - in other words, the number of deaths are now very low. We have the lowest mortality rate anywhere in the world. Meaning when people get sick we lose fewer than any in the world, and pretty much by far.

Donald Trump: I mean, there are a couple of countries that are doing well, but we're doing better than anybody in the world. And that's a very important statistic. And that comes from a lot of good work.

Greta Van Susteren: You're obviously going to be nominated by your party in Jacksonville, Florida. But it's in Florida. If the numbers continue to go up in Florida and they continue to spike, maybe from testing or whatever, but numbers going up, would you consider not having as big a convention?

Donald Trump: Well, we're always looking at different things. When we signed in Jacksonville, we wanted to be in North Carolina. That almost worked out, but the Governor didn't want to have people use the arena, essentially. And so I said, "Too bad for North Carolina." And then we went to Florida. And when we went, when we signed a few weeks ago, it looked good.

Donald Trump: And now all of a sudden it's spiking up a little bit and that's going to go down. It really depends on the timing. Look, we're very flexible. We can do a lot of things, but we're very flexible.

Greta Van Susteren: How do you explain the stock market doing well, and the fact that there's so many small business places, mom-and-pop places, they're out of business because of the virus. And I don't know how they're going to come back in business. This is their whole life, all their money. But people who are in the stock market, they look like they're pretty fortunate.

Greta Van Susteren: But what about those other people?

Donald Trump: What's happening, a lot of small businesses are actually doing very well. But then you have some that aren't and that's unfortunate. And what we've done is we've given a lot of money to a lot of small businesses all over the country, and it's helped. And, in some cases, it's made the difference between success and failure.

Donald Trump: I think the stock market is doing well because people see what I'm saying, that the future is going to be incredible. Next year will be an incredible year if we don't screw it up with high taxes. The Democrats want to increase everybody's taxes by a lot. They want to do things that are going to be a disaster, regulations all over the place.

Donald Trump: And if you do that, you're going to have a crash, and it will crash like crazy. And that's one of the reasons that the stock market right now would be up even more if there was no possibility that a guy like Biden, that has no idea, he's had 47 years of failure. Everything he's touched it's been a failure.

Donald Trump: And if he got in, you will have, mark my words, a crash. And 401ks will be down to a level that nobody would have believed. Look at the market now. NASDAQ yesterday hit a new high. The day before it hit a new high. We're very close to where we were if you think about it. And the reason is you have some very smart people.

Donald Trump: And a lot of people, by the way, a lot of people affected, but they believe the country is on the right track. And by next year you're going to see something that's going to be good. I think, actually, we're going to have a great third quarter. Which is good because it comes just before the election. The results of the third quarter will be announced just before the election.

Donald Trump: I think those numbers are going to be good. We had the best job numbers two months in a row. The best that we've ever had. Two months ago we had the best we ever had. And then that number was broken substantially by this two weeks ago, when we had the best numbers we've ever had in job growth. So we're headed in the right direction.

Donald Trump: I think, if you look, I think the people in the stock market, smart people, they got it right. The country is going to be stronger. Next year will be one of the best years we've ever had.

Greta Van Susteren: In a lot of the major cities in the United States there's incredible violence, and predating the looting we've had recently. I mean going back for years. Is there a point where you think it's triggered that the federal government should do something about it? And where is that point? And what could you do?

Donald Trump: Well, we have to be called and we have to be asked, as you know. For a state we can't just go in. We have to be called. We have to be asked. And we're waiting. If we got called from Chicago or New York, or a couple of other of these places that are doing so badly, we'd be glad to help. But they have to call and they have to request to help.

Donald Trump: We are ready, willing, and able to go. We want to do it. In Seattle we were ready to go in. They heard that and they cleaned up the mess before we got there. We were going in the following morning. If you look at Portland, we're helping them in Portland. But it has to be a request. Otherwise, it's very difficult for us to do it.

Greta Van Susteren: North Korea. China has closed its border and North Korea does most of its trading with China. The South Korea border is closed. North Korea is having food insecurity. People are very hungry. I don't know the status of the coronavirus there or not. While we are consumed with the coronavirus, I have no doubt they're moving forward with their nuclear weapons program and delivery system.

Greta Van Susteren: Do you anticipate a third summit with Kim Jong-un?

Donald Trump: Well, I understand they want to meet and we would certainly do that. I think if Hillary had won the election you'd be in a major war right now with North Korea. And everybody said I was the person who was going to be in Wars and you look at what's happened. I've withdrawn. If you look at the Middle East we've defeated ISIS.

Donald Trump: We've assumed 100%, we've taken 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Syria and Iraq. And what we've done is incredible. We're essentially out of Syria. We're almost out of Iraq. We're almost out of Afghanistan.

Greta Van Susteren: So you would do another summit with Kim Jong-un?

Donald Trump: I would do it if I thought it was going to be helpful. Yeah.

Greta Van Susteren: Do you think it would be helpful?

Donald Trump: Probably. I have a very good relationship with him, probably would be. But just so you understand, almost four years we're not in a war. Almost anybody else would have been in a war. I get along, we talk, and let's see what happens. But we've done a great job and haven't been given the credit we deserve.

Donald Trump: But we're not in a war and they would have been in a war. Actually, President Obama, if you look at him and you look at our conversation, the first conversation we had, he said, "The biggest problem we have is North Korea." And I guarantee that if the Democrats had gotten in we would right now be in a war.

Greta Van Susteren: There's no question we're not in a war with them. But I guess my question is they're such a closed society, they're hermetically sealed from the world. And since the early 90s they've been working on a nuclear weapons program. Are they just moving the ball ahead now even though we're not at a war with them?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll have to see. There's no delivery, et cetera, et cetera, as you know. Not yet. And at some point there might be. And we'll have to have very serious discussions and thought about that, because there could be some time when something's going to happen. But right now we get along with him, Kim Jong-un. I have a good relationship with him.

Donald Trump: We haven't lost anybody. We haven't had anybody killed. And that's okay with me. By the way, it's 9,000 miles away. 9,000 miles away.

Greta Van Susteren: You have a leaks investigation for this report about whether or not Russia had a bounty on American troops and the Taliban. Can you tell me the status of the leaks investigation, which I think also includes the author of the anonymous op-ed in New York Times some time ago.

Donald Trump: Well, it's people in intelligence. And it's people that, frankly, the justice department, it's up to them. But it's people in so-called intelligence. I don't know if it's intelligence or the opposite of that word. And they've been leaking for years. They leak and that's what they do. And they're not patriotic people.

Donald Trump: They're not good for our country. As far as the bounty is concerned I think it's a hoax, I think it's a Democrat hoax, because good people in intelligence said that they did not think it rose to the level of bringing it to the president. Nobody brought it to me. But they said, "It didn't rise to that level." And that's okay with me.

Greta Van Susteren: Secretary Pompeo was talking about possibly banning TikTok in this country. China's-

Donald Trump: It's something we're looking at. Yes.

Greta Van Susteren: Why would you ban it?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a big business. Look, what happened with China with this virus, what they've done to this country and to the entire world is disgraceful. And we are looking at numerous different things. TikTok's one of them, one of many.

Greta Van Susteren: Mr. President, always nice to talk to you sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.