Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-geraldo-rivera-august-6-2020

Geraldo Rivera: Thanks. Oh, wait, okay. Ladies and gentleman, I'm delighted the President of the United States joins us. Mr Trump, how are you?

Donald Trump: My friend for a long time, right? Long time.

Geraldo Rivera: I am honored that you honor our long friendship. Everybody in the country wants to interview you and --

Donald Trump: That is true, I will say.

Geraldo Rivera: The fact that you remember old me is great, I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Ah, well, you've been a friend of mine for a long time, Geraldo. And I love the state that you happen to be in, I love Ohio, it's been a great state and we had a great --

Geraldo Rivera: Yeah, yeah. But before I get to Ohio, how'd you think about what they did to your neighborhood in New York, de Blasio, the Mayor, allowing Blacks Live Matter to paint graffiti on Fifth Avenue, right in front of your apartment.

Donald Trump: Terrible. They've had many, many attempts to destroy it from people, just people coming along, they dump paint on it, people are very angry about it. The Fifth Avenue merchants who pay a lot of rent, they're very angry about it, very, very angry. No, it's a terrible thing, Geraldo, he's been a terrible mayor.

Donald Trump: The psychology of New York City was so good. I tell you what, when I left, the psychology of New York City was wonderful and now, it's a disaster. It's very sad. I haven't been back for a long time, but it's very sad to see what's happening --

Geraldo Rivera: Well, Andrew Cromwell is begging us to come back. He's begging --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Geraldo Rivera: New Yorkers to come back, but I think he may be whistling in the wind. Okay, let's get --

Donald Trump: Well, that actually is a very --

Geraldo Rivera: To Ohio --

Donald Trump: Lot of problems.

Geraldo Rivera: Okay.

Donald Trump: Lot of problems.

Geraldo Rivera: Lot of problems in New York and they devastate me as a native born New Yorker, just --

Donald Trump: It is, it's very devastating --

Geraldo Rivera: Awful.

Donald Trump: To watch it. So simple. It could be fixed up so easy, but they have got the wrong ideology, honestly.

Geraldo Rivera: Well, let me ask you about law and order and urban violence. In Chicago, last weekend, eight more were killed, 19 wounded, among the dead, a nine year old boy. And yet the Democrats don't talk about it at all, it's not on MSNBC or CNN. Virtually, it's an invisible story, except for FOX News. Will you make law and order?

Geraldo Rivera: Do you think law and order will be a bigger issue than, say --

Donald Trump: Well, it is.

Geraldo Rivera: The state of the epidemic?

Donald Trump: If you look at the rest of the country, we're setting records, we're doing great. Republican-run cities and states are doing record... We're doing phenomenally. But you look at some of these states that we're talking about, look at New York, whether it's city or state, you look at what's going on. You look at... Illinois is a disaster.

Donald Trump: It's a disaster, economic disaster, people are leaving, people are fleeing and it's a terrible thing to watch. Terrible. And Chicago, it speaks for itself. And it's hard to believe with all of the crime in Chicago, New York, some of these places, the numbers are very good nationwide. But nationwide, we have mostly great cities, that's the problem.

Donald Trump: We have mostly well-run great cities and states, but you get into the few and incredibly, you don't read about it in the news, you don't see it on the evening shows, you don't see it in the newspapers. You see a little bit on the internet, but even the internet is not... The internet is totally controlled by a few people and they make it very difficult.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's a miracle that I won, that people... It is a miracle because it's so fixed.

Geraldo Rivera: We've got so much ground to cover, let me --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Geraldo Rivera: Can you --

Donald Trump: So I just say the internet, when you look at what's happening with Facebook and with Twitter, it's 100% possibly illegal.

Geraldo Rivera: Does that tick you up? Does Twitter tick you up that they could take out some of your tweets and --

Donald Trump: The perfect statement. Yeah. You mean a statement about youth, right? The youth. They are just not targeted very much by this pandemic from China, it's an amazing thing. And then they take you off of that statement. Every doctor is saying what I'm saying. Not every doctor, I guess, there'll be some that won't, but can you imagine they took that statement off?

Donald Trump: They didn't take me off, they took that statement off. We have a lot of followers.

Geraldo Rivera: So do you feel that they are unfairly censoring you?

Donald Trump: Oh, of course. But they're doing anybody on the right, anybody, any Republican, any conservative Republican is censored. And look at the horrible things they say on the left, they say things that are shocking. I mean, shocking, how horrible. And they're not censored, they're not talked about, they're able to go ahead and do whatever they want to do, say whatever they want.

Donald Trump: But if you happen to be on the right, if you're a Republican or a conservative Republican, what they're doing to people is incredible. So, we'll see how that all turns out.

Geraldo Rivera: My guess, the --

Donald Trump: In the meantime, people understand it.

Geraldo Rivera: I hope they do.

Donald Trump: And I have a voice.

Geraldo Rivera: You definitely have a clarion call.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Geraldo Rivera: So, use the voice now. Why don't you declare a moratorium unilaterally on evictions and for closure since Congress seems unable to act on this?

Donald Trump: I'm going to. Yeah. I'm going to.

Geraldo Rivera: When will you do it?

Donald Trump: Soon, very soon. It's expiring tomorrow. But I will be doing it on evictions, I'll be doing it... Because the problem with the Pelosi, Schumer group is they've got all these cities that we're talking about, the same places and states, Illinois and New York, California and others that are run by radical left people, to put it nicely, that have already totally taken over Biden in this campaign.

Donald Trump: I mean, this poor guy doesn't know what's happening.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you think that Biden is a radical leftist?

Donald Trump: No, but I think he's a puppet for them. He doesn't know what to do. Look at the manifesto.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you question his cognitive abilities, Mr President? Do you question --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to get into it, but he doesn't seem too sharp, let's face it. Okay? Look at the manifesto, the agreement that he's got with Bernie Sanders and the radical left. That's further left than Bernie. Open borders, take... If they want to take down the wall, I don't think they say it in the manifesto, but look at what he wants to do.

Donald Trump: They want to raise taxes through the roof, they're going to kill everybody. Want to raise taxes through the roof, put regulations back on so that jobs will disappear, stock market will crash if you do that. One of the biggest things I've done is regulations. I took the biggest number of regulations by far of any President, not even close, and that's one of the reasons that the economy was booming and is booming again.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's starting to boom again. Wait till you see it, it's going to be very soon.

Geraldo Rivera: I hope so. We had an employment report this morning, though, they're down to a million are added to the unemployment rolls.

Donald Trump: No, but it was a good report, very much below what they thought it would be. And tomorrow, the job numbers come out and for the last two months, the job numbers were records. And I have every reason to believe they should be good because look at what happened yesterday with cars, with used cars sales and manufacturing of cars, through the roof.

Donald Trump: Through the roof.

Geraldo Rivera: So you think the economy has secret strengths that people have [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. And I think next year is going to be a very strong year and I think the third quarter's going to be good, and that's despite the fact that we're hurt by the blue states because they don't want to go back to school, they don't want to go back, even if they're in relatively good shape, because they want to hurt the election, they think it'll be bad for me in the election and I think people get it.

Donald Trump: People are too smart.

Geraldo Rivera: There's lots of pushback though. I must say, there's lots of pushback, even from parents here in Ohio, about going back to school. Parents are worried.

Donald Trump: Well, you have to do it safely. I mean, you have a very good governor in Ohio and you have to do it safely, but people want to go back. There's danger to not going back too, people are... With the alcoholism and with the drugs and with the depression and the suicide and the fighting with somebody for 30 years.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, you're mandated, you can't leave your house, you can't leave your apartment, you can't do... All of a sudden --

Geraldo Rivera: Speaking about not leaving --

Donald Trump: Hey, they realize they don't get along so well.

Geraldo Rivera: Yeah, right. I get along great with my wife though, even though she's a Democrat.

Donald Trump: But you know it happens in reverse too, some people said they've fallen in love again. Okay? So --

Geraldo Rivera: Oh, well, I see that too. So Joe Biden is also coming to Ohio, except he's not coming physically, he's coming virtually today on a virtual tour.

Donald Trump: Well, he only travels virtually.

Geraldo Rivera: Well --

Donald Trump: He's a virtual traveler.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you think that he can run and hide? Can he run for office and still hide? Do you think that --

Donald Trump: I don't know.

Geraldo Rivera: He'll chicken out of the debates, for instance?

Donald Trump: I'll let you know on November 4th.

Geraldo Rivera: But will he chicken out of the debates?

Donald Trump: Unless you do too many of these ballot deals, in which case, you'll never know the end of the election, these crazy --

Geraldo Rivera: Well, I'll talk about that. But do you think that Joe Biden will debate you?

Donald Trump: He would like not to. I mean, I know that for a fact because we're dealing with everybody. He would like not to. I think it's very hard for him not to. I actually think we have a public service, I put it out this morning, I think it's a public service to debate. People have to see what's going on and where you're coming from, and I think they know me, I'm on every day doing something and I do those news conferences at 5:30 every day and they're very well watched.

Donald Trump: And I take the toughest questions from people that are truly terrible reporters, in many cases, terrible, absolutely terrible people.

Geraldo Rivera: Well, they seem to hate you, which I find disconcerting.

Donald Trump: Well, only because of a good ideology, like let's get people jobs, let's go to work, let's have good education, let's have a strong military, let's have low taxes and regulations. They seem to hate that ideology.

Geraldo Rivera: What do you think of Kamala Harris and the likely, now, the odds are in favor to be the VP choice by Joe Biden?

Donald Trump: I think she's fine. I mean, she did very poorly in the race, she was expected to be one of the winners and one of the potential stronger candidates and she ended up going out with nothing, so she was a thud. But I'm fine with any of them, frankly, I would've said she'll probably be the one. But she did very poorly.

Geraldo Rivera: What do you think, in terms of how the press is treating you, the story yesterday was that maybe you're rushing a vaccine for political purposes, getting something up and running maybe hastily because of the calendar, they can get it out by, say, the end of September, beginning of October? You win, if it's delayed, maybe this costs you the election.

Geraldo Rivera: What do you think, Mr President?

Donald Trump: No. Look, I just want to save lives. I mean, I'm rushing it, I am, I'm pushing everybody. If you had another president other than me, you wouldn't be talking vaccines for two years, you know that. What I did with FDA has been amazing, according to everybody. Literally, it's been amazing. And no, I'm pushing it very hard and I want to push it very hard, I will push it very hard.

Donald Trump: But I'm not doing it for votes, I'm doing it because that's the right thing to do and I'm doing it to save lives, Geraldo.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you think that the election will be a referendum on how you've done in terms of dealing with this epidemic? Do you think that rightly or wrongly, how ironically or bitterly, do you think that this election vote for you is a vote for a person who handled this competently, a vote against you is a vote for someone who blew it not wearing masks early enough and so forth?

Donald Trump: Well, Fauci said don't wear masks, and so did a lot of other people, and then all of a sudden, they changed their mind, they said wear masks and we listen to doctors. But he said and other people said don't wear masks. So, I will say this. No, I don't. I think it's a referendum on everything. What I've done, nobody's done what I've done in the first three and half years, whether it's Space Force, rebuilding our military, building the wall.

Donald Trump: The wall is going to be completed right toward the end of the year, 500 miles of wall, which is amazing. Nobody thought that would be possible.

Geraldo Rivera: But if I back you on the wall, will you back me on DACA? Will you let these dreamers have a --

Donald Trump: Well, no, DACA's going to work out, Geraldo, it's going to work out --

Geraldo Rivera: So when? When? You've been telling me that for a while.

Donald Trump: It's going to work out, just tell people to relax, we're using it for other purposes and DACA's going to work out.

Geraldo Rivera: So, do you promise not to mess with those kids and --

Donald Trump: I don't want to promise anything. I mean, it's a negotiation, so I can't promise anything. But DACA's going to work out, I think it's going to work out very well. I think the people are going to be very happy and a lot of good things are happening, a lot of good things. And if I win, we'll have a deal with Iran very quickly.

Donald Trump: They're dying to make a deal, but they want to wait to see because they'd rather negotiate with sleepy Joe than Trump. And China is just dying to have sleepy Joe back in there because they paid tens of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes that they never paid before, and they were having a terrible year prior to the plague coming in, the China plague, and lot of things.

Donald Trump: That first week is going to be very good if I win --

Geraldo Rivera: Which first week, first week in August?

Donald Trump: No, the first week after the victory --

Geraldo Rivera: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: A lot of things will get done. Iran will make a deal, they're dying to make a deal. Iran is dying to make a deal.

Geraldo Rivera: Will you bring up Hunter Biden and that whole thing when talk about China?

Donald Trump: Well, it should be brought up. Look, it's a crooked deal. If I ever did that, it would be the worst thing ever done. I mean, you see his father on television, you talk about quid pro quo, that's a quid... I had none. That's a quid pro quo. And with a billion dollars, you're not getting it, ba-ba-ba. I mean, they have tapes of the conversations, it's crazy.

Donald Trump: And they don't even --

Geraldo Rivera: Speaking of tapes, what'd you think of Sally Yates' testimony yesterday, basically implicating James Comey, Mr Goodie-Two-Shoes, as the prime engineer of her pain and suffering?

Donald Trump: Oh, she totally implicated him. She totally implicated him, but it got very little press coverage because the press is rigged, it's corrupt. We have a corrupt media, let's face it. You know that. We have a corrupt media.

Geraldo Rivera: But what about a corrupt FBI director who wanted to sink your fortune?

Donald Trump: Yeah, he's a dirty cop, I call it. I mean, I call him a dirty cop and that's exactly what he is and it's a shame. Look, we caught them spying on my campaign, we caught them doing very bad things, it's treasonous, it's everything, and we'll see what happens with Durham. Durham is coming back with a report, and more than a report, I guess, I think it's not a report.

Donald Trump: I'm not interested in the report, I think everybody that reads the newspapers, they probably know what's happening. But Durham's coming back and I hope it's going to be soon, and I would imagine he's got plenty. All you have to do is read the newspapers to see what they have.

Geraldo Rivera: You have to read between the lines or page 35 --

Donald Trump: Yeah, you do.

Geraldo Rivera: Because they don't put it on the front page.

Donald Trump: You have to read between the lines, or you could read certain newspapers that cover it very well. Lot of them cover it very well actually, but not the ones that you would think. Not the ones that get Pulitzer Prizes for covering stories badly.

Geraldo Rivera: I mean --

Donald Trump: But --

Geraldo Rivera: New York, aside from torturing you, is a former favorite son, a native son. They've also... The Attorney General in New York state and the District Attorney in Manhattan, they're all over you, they're all over the Trump --

Donald Trump: No, it's just a continuation --

Geraldo Rivera: Are you worried about that at all?

Donald Trump: No, I'm not worried about it because I did nothing wrong. It's a continuation of a witch hunt. This is just a continue... They tried in Washington, they failed. Mueller failed, everybody failed. This is a continuation of the same thing, it's a witch hunt. Mueller spent 45 million dollars, they went over everything.

Donald Trump: And I win with Mueller, there's no collusion, no nothing, that was a big bust, then he testified before Congress, that was a big bust also. But Mueller looked at all the stuff, everybody looked at it, now we've won at every level, every level. And now I see they have New York people, and New York is purely politics, it's all Democrat politics, as you know.

Geraldo Rivera: I do.

Donald Trump: So they failed in Washington, Mueller failed, the Russia, Russia, Russia, the Ukraine, Ukraine, it was all terrible, terrible what they did. I mean, terrible. Most people wouldn't be able to take it, to be honest with you. In fact, somebody put something --

Geraldo Rivera: I worry that Russia, Russia, Russia because it was long ago, the people are kind of losing interest without finding out what happened, I hope the Durham report has the impact that you suggest.

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see what happens. I wish they'd rush it, to be honest with you, but we'll see what happens. But this was an attempted take down of a President of the United States, it was a coup attempt and it was also tried both before and after my election. And whether it's the insurance policy, where Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page going back and forth.

Donald Trump: And she'll win, but just in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy, essentially. That's what they said. And that's just so unbelievable.

Geraldo Rivera: So --

Donald Trump: That was a big moment when we found that little gem.

Geraldo Rivera: Huge, huge moment and you want people to pay attention because it definitely impacted how people think about you. And I wonder when you look at the real clear average politics, polling for the presidential race, they have Biden at 49, you at about 42, I have Biden by plus seven. It was worse, seems like you're narrowing the lead somewhat.

Geraldo Rivera: But do you think people lie to pollsters?

Donald Trump: No, a lot, it's a lot. Yesterday, I was at 51 in Rasmussen.

Geraldo Rivera: I saw that. Rasmussen. I saw that.

Donald Trump: Rasmussen 51.

Geraldo Rivera: And I think Rasmussen's accurate.

Donald Trump: And they got it most accurately the last time. By the way, these numbers are much better than last time.

Geraldo Rivera: There you are. But are you trailing now, would you admit that?

Donald Trump: I don't think so. I mean, I went to Texas, I've never seen such enthusiasm. Just two days ago, I went to Florida, never saw such enthusiasm, got the support of law enforcement all over the state and all of the sheriffs in Florida, same thing in Texas. I mean, when you think of it, how about Texas? One of the polls said Trump is leading by one in Texas.

Donald Trump: Okay, I'm in favor of oil and gas, I'm in favor of the bible, I'm in favor of Second Amendment, right? Biden's against all of those things. He's against oil, he's against the bible, essentially, against religion, but against the bible, and he's against the Second Amendment.

Geraldo Rivera: That may be a little harsh, him being against the bible.

Donald Trump: Well, okay, take a version of it. Well, the people that control him totally are. I mean, it may be a little harsh for him, but he's going to have no control. They're going to take him over.

Geraldo Rivera: You think he's a decent guy, don't you?

Donald Trump: I don't know him. Really, I don't know him. I mean, I've known him a little bit over the years, but I can't tell you. I think what he did with his son was not very decent, I think that was theft, that was pure theft.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you buy the image of him as an empty suit that the Democratic operatives are filling with their own ideals?

Donald Trump: I do, yeah. I do. I really do. That's what he is, and everybody knows it. Everybody.

Geraldo Rivera: And do you think people lie to pollsters when they don't admit that they're voting for you, you think because of all --

Donald Trump: Well, that came out. Didn't it come out 62% said? 62%. They did a poll that said 62% of the people, I think, about a week ago. And well, that's what happened last time. I had a poll last time that I was going to lose all seven swing states by a lot and I won all seven swing states, in some cases, by a lot.

Donald Trump: But I had a poll that I was going to lose every single swing state, Geraldo, and even I said, "This might not be too pretty." And then the results came in and I won every single one of them.

Geraldo Rivera: Corey Lewandowski told me you were going to win on that basis and I didn't believe him, but then you certainly showed the world, you did an amazing --

Donald Trump: Well, we have a tremendous --

Geraldo Rivera: So do you ever, late at night --

Donald Trump: We have a tremendous group of people out there that --

Geraldo Rivera: That love you.

Donald Trump: We call them the silent majority, we call them a lot and they don't want to talk about it, they just want to go out and do it. And they don't like these ballots, these ballots are rigged. You saw what happened with Carolyn Maloney, they declared her a winner and they don't even have the votes. They don't even know what the votes are.

Geraldo Rivera: You think you're going to win that fight on mail-in ballots?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. Well, I think in Nevada, we will. Yeah, I think we will, absolutely. I think so. And we have a good legal team and I think we're going to win that. We'll have to see. But everything's a fight.

Geraldo Rivera: Do you ever go to that beautiful office you showed me that looks out on the whole Capitol rotunda there, do you ever go there and scream into the night, "Why did this epidemic come on my watch? Why did COVID strike in America?"

Donald Trump: Well, it is, it's a terrible thing. We were doing better than anybody, nobody could've beaten us, we were rocking, you know that. We were rocking, we had the greatest... But think of it, the stock market's almost back to where it was.

Geraldo Rivera: I know this, thankfully.

Donald Trump: No, but think of it. I mean, yeah, but how about that? Supposedly, the stock market was cut in half. The stock market did go down, but now it's coming back and it's coming back strong. I mean, Nasdaq's higher than it ever was and the others are very close. We're at numbers that we were almost at and that means 401Ks are good.

Donald Trump: If Biden ever got in, you'd have a depression. The only reason the stock market isn't even higher is the possibility that Biden could win because that's called an overhang. There's an overhang because there is a possibility that he wins and if he wins, the stock market will crash. You watch.

Geraldo Rivera: Don't you wish, in retrospect, I wish --

Donald Trump: I hope you don't have to watch.

Geraldo Rivera: I do, too. I wish that, because I care about you, I wish you had gone to John Lewis' funeral just to be the bigger man, just to show that you're the President and you're going to make a point of --

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't know him at all.

Geraldo Rivera: Great American.

Donald Trump: I never spoke to him, to the best of my knowledge. But I never spoke to him. I didn't know him at all. And no problem, but I didn't know him at all. He wasn't somebody that --

Geraldo Rivera: Even for a political interest, just to show African-Americans that you care. I mean, because I know you care --

Donald Trump: Oh, I do [Inaudible] African-Americans.

Geraldo Rivera: I know you, but I --

Donald Trump: No, I do. I do.

Geraldo Rivera: Don't think you get that vibe out there.

Donald Trump: No, I know, but I do care very much. I've done more for African-Americans than any president, with a possible exception of Abraham Lincoln, and that's true. I've passed criminal justice reform, I funded the historically black colleges and universities, nobody else did it, I did it. I gave them long-term financing, they never had it, half of them were going out of business, they were having a hard time.

Donald Trump: They came up to see me, I took care. Obama never did it, nobody ever did it, I did it. Opportunity zones, and the job numbers are the best in the history of this country for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans --

Geraldo Rivera: I know, and that's real civil rights.

Donald Trump: I've done more... I've done more than --

Geraldo Rivera: That's real civil rights.

Donald Trump: I've done more... That's real civil rights.

Geraldo Rivera: That's why I call you a civil rights activist, I do. But you're facing Kanye on the ballot, he made the ballot here as an independent --

Donald Trump: That's going to be interesting, right? Well, I like Kanye and I've --

Geraldo Rivera: So I thought he was your pal. I thought that you and him were very tight.

Donald Trump: Well, he is, I think. Kanye is a different kind of a person. No, I think it's good that his voice gets out there. I actually think it's fine. I'm not --

Geraldo Rivera: What about the voice of the --

Donald Trump: I didn't speak to him about it.

Geraldo Rivera: Of professional athletes and kneeling and all the rest of it, do you think that it's going to ruin sports for America?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think it's going to hurt sports, just like it did... The NFL was going really down until they stopped, and I think this is going to hurt. I personally won't be watching much. I think when you have people kneeling, there are plenty of places you can protest, you don't have to protest when they're raising the flag and playing the national anthem.

Donald Trump: And when they're kneeling during the national anthem, I'm not a watcher.

Geraldo Rivera: So are you feeling confident right now? How do you feel physically? Give us an idea of what it's like for you right now.

Donald Trump: I feel good physically, I feel confident that we're going to have a victory and if we don't, I've done my best. We were sailing to a victory, greatest economy in the history of the world, actually. I've built the greatest economy in the history of the world. There's never been an economy... China was doing terribly and we were doing great, I was tariffing them and doing things that were unheard of before.

Donald Trump: Before I came in, China was eating our lunch, they were ripping us off like nobody's ever ripped us off before. But I built the greatest economy in history, I did a tremendous for African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American, women, everybody was at the top. But we had the greatest economy in history and then we got hit by the China virus and now, we're... And we closed it up because we had to, we saved millions of lives and now we're opening it up and it's a V. Looks like it's a V.

Geraldo Rivera: I hope you're right. I hope from your lips to God's ears, Mr President. Do you worry that when you call it the China virus... I have some Asian friends who say that's not very polite, that they worry that it has a --

Donald Trump: No, I tell you --

Geraldo Rivera: Racial overtone.

Donald Trump: I do think we have great Asian support and they understand exactly what it is that we're doing and saying and they understand how China has hurt our country very much. We've been ripped off by China for years, they've been taking money out and rebuilding their country and our presidents were either naïve or stupid to allow this to happen, but we've been giving China from 200 billion to 575 billion dollars a year for many, many years.

Donald Trump: And with that kind of money --

Geraldo Rivera: Do you think they stole our vaccine?

Donald Trump: You can rebuild your --

Geraldo Rivera: Do you think they stole our vaccine?

Donald Trump: Ah, I wouldn't be surprised. I mean, I can't say that with certainty, but it's possible. We have a lot of vaccines under study, by the way, we look like we're going to be really good on vaccines and with therapeutics, so we have a lot --

Geraldo Rivera: So what's the earliest we could see that, a vaccine?

Donald Trump: Sooner than the end of the year. Could be much sooner.

Geraldo Rivera: Sooner than November 3rd?

Donald Trump: I think, in some cases, yeah, it's possible before, but right around that time. We have great companies, great, these are the greatest companies in the world. And the rest of the world is also doing vaccines, so let's see how they do. I'm all for them. Whoever comes up with it.

Geraldo Rivera: A quick personal question. Does the First Lady... Does Melania get depressed though when she sees how you get assailed?

Donald Trump: I mean, she's not happy about it, she thinks it's very unfair, but I said don't worry about it, just don't worry about it. I think I've got a good attitude. I think it's pretty good, it's pretty amazing. Somebody wrote yesterday, "How does he take it? He's hit by" --

Geraldo Rivera: How do you take it? It's amazing how you --

Donald Trump: You know how?

Geraldo Rivera: Take it and you give it.

Donald Trump: Because I'm doing a great job... I'll tell you how I'm taking it, because I'm doing a great job for the country and the country knows it. And when I go to Texas and Florida and drive down the highways and you have 100,000 people on those highways, all the way from either 20, 25 minute drive and you have, I mean, tens and tens of thousands of people waving the Trump flag and the Trump/Pence flag and all of the things that they wave, it's... And I see no opposition, I see no Biden people.

Donald Trump: I drove in Texas, we drove quite a distance from the airport and it was unbelievable, the crowd. I didn't see any opposition, and the same thing with Florida, I saw no opposition. And then you read an article written by the fake news that there were crowds, but they were equally dispersed between Biden and Trump.

Donald Trump: I don't think there was anybody and that's saying equally dispersed. I mean, we have a very corrupt media, it's corrupt. And I used to call it fake, I still do actually because it sort of works, but it's beyond fake. It's corrupt.

Geraldo Rivera: Because you like sticking it?

Donald Trump: It's actually corrupt.

Geraldo Rivera: So have you rethought where you're going to do your acceptance spee... People are worried that your news, the White House and --

Donald Trump: No, I'm thinking about the White House because it's the most convenient place --

Geraldo Rivera: So are you certain you're going to use the White House?

Donald Trump: No, but it's the place that we're looking at now. It's the easiest, it's the least expensive --

Geraldo Rivera: How about the Executive Office Building right on the corner there?

Donald Trump: Well, I could do that too. I mean --

Geraldo Rivera: And looking back at the way. I don't want you to get --

Donald Trump: Any place I use --

Geraldo Rivera: I feel like sometimes you get in trouble because you get stubborn.

Donald Trump: Geraldo, any place I use, they will... No, no. Any place I use, they will find trouble with it. I could use my hotel right down the street --

Geraldo Rivera: I was thinking of that, why not the hotel?

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, but --

Geraldo Rivera: It's a grand lobby.

Donald Trump: He used his hotel... Oh, forget it.

Geraldo Rivera: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: They'll say, "He used his hotel." I could use some other building, they'll say, "He used some other building." Any place I could go, any place I picked, they will find a problem with it. So I think the White House is, by far, the least expensive because all of the security is here, you don't have to do anything, it's easiest and it's certainly a fitting, beautiful place, so that's what I'm thinking about doing.

Donald Trump: I think Biden's doing his speech virtually, I hear now, and he's not going to --

Geraldo Rivera: Milwaukee.

Donald Trump: Wisconsin, which I think is a slap to Wisconsin, frankly, a real slap. They worked hard to get that convention, I think it's a slap. But --

Geraldo Rivera: I mean, the conventions are all screwed up by... You can't blame Biden.

Donald Trump: No, no, the pandemic is a disaster, there's no question about it. All over the world, Geraldo. They don't talk about other countries and a lot of these countries that were doing so well, a lot of these countries [Inaudible], now they have big flare ups. Big flare ups in Italy and Spain right now, and France and --

Geraldo Rivera: I don't want to jinx you because I think the world of you, but I wonder if you have ever thought of life post-president. What would you do? I mean --

Donald Trump: No, I don't --

Geraldo Rivera: You have Democrats saying --

Donald Trump: I don't think about it.

Geraldo Rivera: They have to send the militia in to get you out of the White House if you lose.

Donald Trump: Power A, it's the power of positive thinking, just think forward. Look, we've done a great job --

Geraldo Rivera: Like Vincent Peale, that's right. That was your pastor.

Donald Trump: I've done a great job for the country. We got hit by a virus and we've done a great job on that, but we don't get the credit with the ventilators and with everything. And you look at our statistics, we're a bigger country. And you have to remember other countries don't report real numbers. Do you think China's reporting their numbers?

Donald Trump: Do you think India? Do you think all these... They're not reporting their numbers, but we see what's happening by satellite. I mean, they don't report. If you read China, they'll talk about a tiny number of people. I mean --

Geraldo Rivera: So did Axios ambush you with those statistics on the COVID death --

Donald Trump: No, I thought it was a good interview. I don't know. Some people liked it, some people didn't.

Geraldo Rivera: Well, I think people like to see you in the street fight, they like that.

Donald Trump: A lot of people liked that interview, I don't know how you felt about it, but a lot of people like... No, he hit with phony numbers and I responded. He's a nice guy. But some people thought it was an unfair interview, I thought it was fair enough. I didn't go in there saying, "You can't ask me this." I could do that too, everybody wants --

Geraldo Rivera: You never do. You never do.

Donald Trump: No, I didn't. When I accepted your call, I did it because I've known you for a long time. I refuse to say how long.

Geraldo Rivera: 1976

Donald Trump: But I've known you for a long time, you've always been square with me, you're a good guy. And yeah, I mean, they want me on every show in the world, every show in the world --

Geraldo Rivera: That's why I was so honored that you chose my modest outfit here. I never thought in my whole life that I would end up living in Cleveland and that you would be President of the United States. I mean, when you first told me you wanted to be president, it was 1999 and I said, "Sure, every rich, successful guy or woman wants to be president," but you meant it and you went ahead and did it and you've overcome a lot of obstacles that would've sunk in a lesser candidate.

Donald Trump: That's true.

Geraldo Rivera: But you still have your spirit, you still have your energy and --

Donald Trump: I do.

Geraldo Rivera: And do you want Joe Biden to take the same test you did, people, world, whatever?

Donald Trump: Well, he should. He should take that test and... it's a vital way. They always show the first question, but they don't show the last questions and a lot of people wouldn't get those last questions right. He should take a test, I think. I think it would be good. I took it because people were saying... First they say, "He's addicted, or wants to take over the world, he's a total genius," the next day, they say the opposite, right? "He doesn't know what he's doing, he's stupid, he's this, he's that." They say the most horrible things to fake news.

Donald Trump: So when I did my physical, I asked the doctor, highly respected guy, do they have some kind of a test, a mental test, a mentality test, a cognitive test? They said yes, they do. I said, "Should I take it?" He said, "Well, you can. But if you take it, we have to announce it because it's public stuff, pretty much." I said, "I don't care." I said, "How tough is it?" He said, "It's pretty tough.

Donald Trump: Toward the end, it gets pretty tough." So I took it and I got a perfect score on it, and it was given to me by a very respected doctor, who was also the doctor for Obama and Bush, a highly respected doctor and I did very well on it. And I think it's something that it would... Maybe it's a good standard.

Donald Trump: Maybe presidents or potential presidents should take it. Maybe they should.

Geraldo Rivera: Well, I mean, that's why --

Donald Trump: But I did take it. I took it. And you know what's a very interesting thing, once I took that, all of the mentality stuff, the kind of nasty hits that they would give you, even though they know it's not true because --

Geraldo Rivera: Oh, that Trump is not bright, that he was --

Donald Trump: No. Oh, yeah, it all disappeared. Now they say I'm a dictator and I'm fascist, I'm all these other things that are nasty. But all of the stuff having to do with brainpower, it just literally disappeared when I took it, it was announced and I took it. And I think it would be a good thing for Biden to take it actually.

Donald Trump: But it did, it was an amazing thing, it was... It just stopped that, so it was worthwhile doing it. And I think Biden should do it, but that's up to him. I mean, that's got to be a choice of a person, you can't --

Geraldo Rivera: Well, he's someone who is very protected right now. One of his points was, when you did the China ban on travel, he said it was xenophobic or he was part of the group --

Donald Trump: Right.

Geraldo Rivera: That were saying that it was a overreaction. But looking back, and I'm going to leave you pretty soon, but looking back on this awful plague that's now killed almost 160,000 Americans, there were some missteps. Don't you wish you had done some things differently?

Donald Trump: I think that, first of all, the governors run their states, you understand that. That's the way it's set up. I mean, that's the way it's supposed to be. And whether you call it federalist or anything else, the governors run. We've had some great governors and we have some governors that didn't do as well.

Donald Trump: But what I did with ventilators and what I did with getting people equipment because the governors were not stocked, nobody has ever done a better job. We've done a great job and we haven't been rewarded with --

Geraldo Rivera: So you don't admit any missteps? You don't think that maybe if you were a little more enthusiastic about it earlier --

Donald Trump: I guess you could say that people call things wrong, but it's understandable, nobody knew what this disease was. At the beginning, they said no masks and people still say that, some people, but some people don't. I say use them, but I wouldn't mandate it, but I'd say use them. But no, I think we've done an unbelievable job.

Donald Trump: And the biggest thing I did, and Fauci will say this, save tens of thousands of people by putting a ban on China very early in January when Nancy Pelosi and everyone else was saying it was a terrible thing, even in late February, that I put the ban on. Then I put the ban on Europe because I saw what was happening in Italy, and that was a great thing.

Donald Trump: You have to understand, we have a big country and our testing has been unbelievable, we tested 61 million people, but that's a double-edged sword. Because we tested so many people, we have more cases, so then they say, "We have more cases." So because we have the tests, we give them cases. Other countries that don't do this testing, they don't have cases.

Donald Trump: So it's a double-edge, it's PR gold, I used to say PR for the fake news, the testing.

Geraldo Rivera: And yet people worry and I worry, image-wise, and I think people need reassurance that maybe you should be more vocal about your concern about so many people being afflicted with this awful thing.

Donald Trump: Well, I am very vocal, it hurts me no end. I think it's a disgrace and I say it all the time, I say we shouldn't have lost one person. We shouldn't have lost one person, this should've been stopped by China. China did this to us, it should've been stopped by China. They stopped it from going into China and they didn't stop it from going into Europe and the US and the rest of the world.

Donald Trump: And Europe's plenty angry at them too, I can tell you. But it's one of those things that's just terrible and it should've never happened, they should've never allowed it to come out of China, but they did. They stopped it going into China, but they didn't stop it going to us and to the rest of the world and I am --

Geraldo Rivera: I'm sorry you were in the --

Donald Trump: Very angry about it.

Geraldo Rivera: As we all are and as you should be. Mr President, you know how I feel about you, I wish you the best. I just want you, before we say goodbye, to assure us, are we going to be back to normal, and when will we be back to normal? When will life --

Donald Trump: I think... And that's a good word, back to normal. But I think that... A good grouping of words. See, if I don't say that, they'll say, "He said word and it was words," so that's why I say a good grouping of words, Geraldo, you understand.

Geraldo Rivera: Okay.

Donald Trump: But I will tell you, it is a good grouping of words. Back to normal is a great goal and then beyond where we were is another great goal and in a very short distance, we will be beyond where we were economically. Next year's going to be a great year economically. We're going to have vaccines very soon, we're going to have therapeutics very soon.

Donald Trump: Our country is set, we had a very strong foundation, that's the only reason our numbers are good, that's the only reason the stock market's doing so well. I mean, we're hitting a new record practically, we're right next to the record and Nasdaq broke the record a month ago and has broken it ever since. So, you look at that, you look at people's 401Ks, you look at their stocks, and jobs are coming back at a record [Inaudible]. So, I think we're going to be extremely good, unless some foolish person that doesn't know what he's doing comes in and quadruples and triples and doubles and different taxes comes back and increases regulation so businesses can't perform anymore, like they had when I got in.

Donald Trump: If that happened, I will tell you, you could forget about everything. Look, if Joe Biden got elected, I believe you would have a depression in this country. If I get elected, we're going to have the greatest economic comeback we've ever had and we're going to have the greatest economy we've ever had. That's a slight difference and there are many other differences too.

Donald Trump: So, Geraldo, I have to go, but I thank you very much.

Geraldo Rivera: I thank you, Mr President.

Donald Trump: It's been a long time and --

Geraldo Rivera: I'll see you later here in Ohio, there's going to be a big flotilla of boats with Trump flags.

Donald Trump: Oh, good, good, good. I love that. I hear those flotillas, they're incredible, I love them. That's the sign of what I'm talking about, that's the silent majority, I don't do anything about that, that's the silent and they're coming out to vote.

Geraldo Rivera: All right.

Donald Trump: They're all coming out to vote.

Geraldo Rivera: Good luck to you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Geraldo.

Geraldo Rivera: All right, I'll see you later.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Geraldo Rivera: Thank you, Mr President.

Donald Trump: Bye.

Geraldo Rivera: Okay.

Donald Trump: Bye.

Geraldo Rivera: Bye-bye.