Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-and-friends-december-2-2021

Brian Kilmeade: All right, let's bring in the former President of the United States, number 45. Will he be number 47? But first things first. Congratulations on your brand-new book, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: [Via telephone] Well, thank you very much, Brian -- thank you.

Steve Doocy: Good morning.

Brian Kilmeade: Well, what went into it? What was your approach here -- just to bring back those four years to life through photographs?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, we had a great four years. And I've been watching what's happening and a lot of people were -- they were remorseful and they were, like, can we do something? And it's really pictures of a lot of great things with the military -- with so many of the things we've done. And I think it's sort of a happy book.

Donald Trump: We bring in some negativity about what's happening now but, frankly, it's really a happy book. And it's a book largely of beautiful pictures --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- of events that took place and some of the things we've done.

Steve Doocy: Sure, and we're going to talk more about the book a little later on. By the way, you can preorder right now at 45books.com. Mr. President, your administration came up yesterday. Our White House correspondent asked Jen Psaki about something that Joe Biden said about you during the campaign and during one of the debates, and she turned it around.

Steve Doocy: Anyway, it's a great question -- and listen to the answer as well. Here is yesterday at the White House.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Peter Doocy: [Video clip] In 2020, when roughly 220,000 Americans had already died of COVID, Joe Biden said about Trump, "Anyone who is responsible for that many deaths should not remain as President of the United States of America." Is that still the standard now that more Americans have died under President Biden than President Trump?

Jen Psaki: [Video clip] And the former president was suggesting people inject bleach. He apparently reportedly didn't even share with people he was going to interact with that he had tested positive for COVID himself. He continued to provide a forum for misinformation.

Jen Psaki: [Video clip] This president has made the vaccine widely available. He's relied on the health -- the advice of his health and medical experts. And he is trying to be a part of solving this crisis and getting the pandemic under control. And I think there's a pretty stark difference between their approaches.

Note: [End video clip]

Steve Doocy: So, Mr. President, when Joe Biden said during the debate with you that 220,000 Americans had died on your watch and you should not be President of the United States, now more people have actually died --

Brian Kilmeade: Seven hundred seventy thousand.

Steve Doocy: -- during the Joe Biden administration.

Donald Trump: Well, he's done a terrible job just like he did with the H1N1. He's done just an absolutely terrible job getting it out and getting people to take it. I mean, people just don't want to take it. And the vaccines have been -- you know, I have to be very proud of the vaccines. We did it in less than nine months.

Donald Trump: People said it was going to take five years to 12 years and probably wouldn't work. They work incredibly well. Some people don't want to take them and that's their freedom and that's what we have to do. But people don't want to take them because they don't trust Biden and they don't trust the administration.

Donald Trump: We had none of that. Everybody was fighting to take them and we were doing great. We were doing really great on distribution. We also bought billions of dollars worth before we knew it was --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- going to be successful, which saved us one year. So many things we did right. And what they're doing is very sad when you look at what's happening. But more people died during this year than last year by a very substantial margin -- and sadly, this year is not up.

Steve Doocy: Well, Mr. President, why wouldn't people trust the vaccines? They were developed during your administration.

Donald Trump: Well, a couple of things. Number one, they did a pause on Johnson & Johnson, which really sent shocks through. Over six people that didn't die, by the way -- but six people. And for that, millions and millions of shots given and they did the pause with Johnson & Johnson. That was very bad. And they just haven't been able to sell it. People are not -- they are not trusting this administration.

Donald Trump: And if you remember when -- during the debate I think she said and he said oh, if it's Trump I won't take the vaccine. I won't take the vaccine. And then as soon as he got elected, he tried to claim that he did it, but he forgot that he got a shot into my -- during my administration he got a shot. But there was just a great distrust of what they were saying and what they were doing.

Donald Trump: And I think that's the problem and that's why they're trying to set up mandates and really hurting things with the economy with the mandates --

Ainsley Earhardt: Well --

Donald Trump: -- in addition to other things.

Ainsley Earhardt: Well, Fauci kept changing what we were supposed to be doing. And then when you look at Afghanistan, you talk to military families and they say we don't trust this administration. We put our kids' lives in the president's hands and look what he did. He pulled out and left so many Americans behind enemy lines.

Ainsley Earhardt: Many of them are still there. When you look at the border, people don't trust what he's doing down there because you'll hear Dr. Fauci saying you need to wear your mask. You need to get vaccinated. But yet, they're letting so many flow over the southern border. And Peter Doocy -- he had a busy day yesterday.

Ainsley Earhardt: He was also at the press conference with Dr. Fauci and he pressed him on that issue. Listen to this, Mr. President.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Peter Doocy: [Video clip] Dr. Fauci, as you advise the president about the possibility of new testing requirements for people coming into this country, does that include everybody?

Anthony Fauci: [Video clip] The answer is yes, and everybody who is coming into the country needs to get a test within 24 hours of getting on the plane to come here.

Peter Doocy: [Video clip] But what about people who don't take a plane and just these border crossers coming in, in huge numbers?

Anthony Fauci: [Video clip] You know, that's a different issue if you don't have the capability, as you know, of somebody getting on a plane, getting checked, looking at a passport. We don't have that there.

Peter Doocy: [Video clip] Is there something to do to test these people somewhere else before they get here?

Anthony Fauci: [Video clip] There -- no, there is -- there is testing at the border under certain circumstances, as you know.

Note: [End video clip]

Steve Doocy: Yes, but not by the federal government.

Ainsley Earhardt: Right. Mr. President, your reaction?

Donald Trump: It is a disaster. We have millions of people flowing across. And we're not only talking about the China virus or COVID or whatever you want to call it, we're talking about many other diseases coming over the border that are far worse coming over the border and nobody is being tested. Nobody is being checked.

Donald Trump: Prisoners of other countries are being dumped into our country. We're like a dumping ground. There's never been -- We had the strongest border in the history of our country. The wall was largely built. It could have been finished in three weeks and they decided not to finish the openings. It was just some openings.

Donald Trump: We did an incredible job -- 500 miles of wall. And this is why that coupled with other things gave us the greatest numbers we've ever had -- the most successful it's ever been. We take people in but we take them in legally. Now, one other thing that's pouring in right now that nobody even mentions are drugs.

Donald Trump: Drugs are coming in at a rate of seven times greater than when I was doing it. And our numbers were going way down. We were having the lowest drug numbers. And if you look at the numbers of people that are coming in now, we're millions and millions of people every couple of months -- we're looking at 12, 13, 14, maybe even --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- 15 million people a year. And none of those people are tested.

Brian Kilmeade: So it seems to me that the Remain in Mexico program that was widely ridiculed by the current President of the United States now, according to the courts, has to be reimplemented and officially goes back into production. Remain in Mexico starts again. But the --

Steve Doocy: Your policy.

Brian Kilmeade: Your policy is back in I think starting today. What's your reaction to that?

Donald Trump: Well, they should have never ended it. If Joe Biden would have come in and just gone to the beach, he would have been successful in many ways. Because all of this stuff -- the border was the best it ever was and getting better. Drugs coming in was getting at a level that we've never seen before, meaning --

Brian Kilmeade: Is there a sense of gratification, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: -- in a positive way. He should've gone to the beach.

Brian Kilmeade: Is there a sense of gratification -- is there a sense of gratification for you personally that a policy that he ridiculed the courts are making him put back in?

Donald Trump: No, because I want to see good for the country, Brian. It's so important to me. I want to see good for the country. There's no gratification. What they're doing is destroying our country. Our country is being destroyed before your very eyes and I've never seen anything like it. Their withdrawal from Afghanistan -- you know, I got us there.

Donald Trump: The -- we were down to 2,500 troops. The Taliban respected us. Abdul -- I dealt with him a lot. He respected us. We were going to take the people out. We were going to take some Afghans out. We were going to take our equipment out. We left $85 billion worth of equipment. It's unthinkable. And they had a parade list showing off all the equipment they took.

Donald Trump: It was like a surrender. There's never been a lower point in the history of our country. And don't think that China, and Russia, and North Korea, and Iran weren't watching because that was the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country in my opinion.

Steve Doocy: If you're just joining us --

Brian Kilmeade: And almost everybody's opinion.

Steve Doocy: If you're just joining us, we're speaking to Donald Trump, former President of the United States about news of the day. We're going to talk about his new book that comes out in a couple of days in a moment. Mr. President, we all know that there's a supply chain bottleneck. And Joe Biden, yesterday, essentially said it doesn't matter if you're naughty or nice this year, there are going to be problems.

Steve Doocy: But he did say one person and only one person can promise whether or not you're going to get your stuff. Listen to this.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Joe Biden: [Video clip] If you watched the news recently you might think the shelves in all our stores are empty across the country. That parents won't be able to get presents for their children on holidays -- this holiday season. But here's the deal. For the vast majority of the country, that's not what's happening.

Joe Biden: [Video clip] I've also spoken with the CEOs of UPS and FedEx, which are on track to deliver more packages than ever. Now, I can't promise that every person will get every gift they want on time. Only Santa Claus can keep that promise.

Note: [End video clip]

Steve Doocy: OK, so he makes a joke out of it at the end but it's a real crisis. If you were President of the United States -- and clearly, the administration did not plan adequately as the demand returned after COVID and the pandemic, and we're creeping back toward normalcy -- normal times. But, Mr. President, what would you do to fix the supply chain crisis?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, it would have never happened. Nobody ever mentioned those words, supply chains. It was never brought up. We had perfect supply chains. We had an economy that was going like -- we had the greatest economy in history. We then had the China virus. We fixed it. We did a great job with it and between not only that, the ventilators.

Donald Trump: All of the different things that we did getting -- stocking up, you know, all of the states which, by the way, all of the cupboards were bare and that includes the United States government. There was nothing there. We did a hell of a job. We've gotten no credit for it but maybe someday we will. But we would have never had a supply chain problem.

Donald Trump: But one of the causes is the mandates because a lot of people aren't working because of forced mandates. That's one of the very big causes. Another thing that's going to be a big problem and it's a problem like nobody's seen before. You know, we were energy independent. We didn't need ships all over the place clogging up the waters, coming in from Saudi Arabia, Russia, and other places.

Donald Trump: We were the biggest in the world. We went to the biggest in the world. Within one year we would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined with real energy. And it's called liquid gold under our feet. And we have an advantage that other countries like China don't have. So many different things, but the mandates had a lot to do with the supply chain problem.

Ainsley Earhardt: Something that's also frustrating for Americans is the amount of crime that has gone up in our country and the way that our men and women in blue are being treated. The Fraternal Order of Police -- they have had enough. They tweeted this out yesterday. They said, "Enough is enough. More officers have been shot and killed this year than any other year and there is one more month left.

Ainsley Earhardt: Three hundred fourteen officers shot, 58 officers killed by gunfire, ambush attacks on officers up 126 percent from 2020. Pray for America's law enforcement." Mr. President, this doesn't include the Utah officer that was killed that we're all praying for, and another officer that was -- that was shot and is -- and is trying to recover right now.

Ainsley Earhardt: What is your reaction to that -- that tweet?

Donald Trump: Well, when you look at San Francisco and you look at 100 kids or people running into a store together and the cops are standing out there not allowed to do their job -- they're not allowed to do their job -- and you allow a thing like to happen, we have a country that has no law enforcement, has no law and order.

Donald Trump: Our police are great. They're not allowed to do their job and they're now being hit. People aren't even afraid. They go and shoot police. They don't respect them. The people of our country love our police and they do respect them. But they're not allowed to do their job. If you allowed them to do --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- their job that would stop and crime would stop. But they're not allowed -- You look at what's going on in New York, you look at what's going on in Chicago, and look at what's happening in San Francisco. And it's happening in many other cities --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- that they don't report about. You know, the media -- outside of you people and a few others, the media isn't reporting this problem. But when you have hordes of people running in -- kids, mostly -- running in and stealing --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- robbing stores where -- drug chains are closing all their stores in different cities because they can't keep them open. We just don't have law enforcement. We're not allowed to have law enforcement. Our country -- I'll tell you what, our country is being destroyed. It should never --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- be allowed to happen. The police have to be given their power back. They have to stop the crime. They can do it and they want to do it, but they're not allowed to do it.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, you referenced this a little bit earlier and that's China. We know that they launched this virus unintentionally, perhaps -- who knows? They won't tell us. It's killed 750,000 Americans and millions around the globe. We know they just disappeared -- their leading tennis player -- because she accused a former official of sexual assault.

Brian Kilmeade: The WTA is pulling out of all the tournaments there. There's a growing push to boycott the China Olympics who, by the way, also have rounded up their Muslims into concentration camps and are torturing them as well as harvesting their organs while doing the over flights at Taiwan, threatening their neighbors.

Brian Kilmeade: Is this the time to say we're not going to go to the Olympics -- the Winter Olympics?

Donald Trump: And by the way, before I answer that, none of this happened with us. They didn't send bombers over the middle of Taiwan. He knew not to do that. I had a very good relationship with President Xi. He knew very well you can't send bombers over Taiwan. None of that stuff happened. And they'll wait until after the Olympics and they'll do something with Taiwan now.

Donald Trump: They no longer respect us. They watched Afghanistan. They watched our generals not knowing what they were doing. They saw all of that and they're watching very closely. They'll be doing things. Russia will be doing things. And maybe even North Korea will be doing things because they're watching our country.

Donald Trump: We are psychologically weak. We built the military -- I built the great military. We had jet fighters that were 40 and 50 years old. We have new everything. We're in such great shape. But you still have to have the brainpower to know how to use it. And they watched that withdrawal and they -- and by the way, the withdrawal -- get out.

Donald Trump: Twenty-one years but you get out with dignity and strength. And we were going to get out with dignity and strength. What they did -- these countries see that. And I'll tell you what, we're in a much different position.

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: With that being said, you hurt the athletes. You hurt a lot of people. I would not do it. Jimmy Carter tried it -- it didn't work. I wouldn't do it. That's not the problem. By the way, one other thing. I took in billions -- hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs from China. We never got 10 cents.

Donald Trump: In 40 years, they never paid us anything. Hundreds of billions of dollars. And businesses were starting to come back to us. China respected our country. Russia respected our country. I stopped the pipeline going to Europe; Biden approved it. But, of course, he stopped the Keystone Pipeline in our country, which -- and others --

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: -- he's trying to stop. Now, we have a group of people -- I don't know if it's Biden. It might not be. But we have a group of people that are destroying our country and perhaps, knowingly destroying our country.

Ainsley Earhardt: But he doesn't want us to rely on fossil fuels. Do you think he's doing this on purpose so that we buy electric cars?

Donald Trump: So, fossil fuels are our strength. It's our advantage. And it also can fire up those big factories and those big plants.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: You look at what they're doing to our landscape. They're destroying our landscape, our birds. They're destroying with wind. And by the way, those turbines are all made in Germany and they're made in China --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes, I know.

Donald Trump: -- OK? And if you talk about emissions, the making of those turbines -- if you really go with the emissions theory, the making is so onerous to the environment that nothing they can do will ever save anything. And as far as cars, in order to make the batteries of those cars --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- it's the electric cars. And now you're not going to have a choice because they want to go all-electric. But doing that is going to cause a lot of problems for a lot of people. They don't want to go that way. They're taking our greatest assets under -- it's right under our feet. We are blessed as a country with tremendous energy reserves under our feet and they don't want us to use them.

Steve Doocy: All right.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President, you were on social media and you said a lot of people are saying you got COVID on social media. You say, well, that's the reason I got elected. Now that you're off social media, even despite January sixth and the investigation -- everything that happened since -- the impeachment that followed -- your ratings, according to some friendly polling for you, are higher than they've been.

Brian Kilmeade: Did you overrate the impact of social media? And in retrospect, do you -- will you need it if you want to run again?

Donald Trump: I think that people are seeing the great job that we did. You know, again, we had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We rebuilt our military. We had great military support. You look at the Hispanic support --

Brian Kilmeade: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- we've had. We had the best Hispanic support. I just think that people are missing us -- they really are.

Brian Kilmeade: But what about social media, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] -- because I want to be nice.

Brian Kilmeade: Did it hurt you more than help you? And now that you're off it and your -- and you see that nothing has really changed with your numbers except actually going up, do you think that you'd have a -- you overemphasized social media?

Donald Trump: It is strange because my numbers now are the best they've ever been. I think that's because maybe they look at the opponent and they look at what's happening to our country. Look, I think social media is important. I think we had some very bad people. I think a lot of illegal things were done with social media.

Donald Trump: You understand when they can do $417 million. You know, if you spend more than $5,600, they put you in jail. And yet, here's a guy who spent $417 million and nothing happens to him.

Brian Kilmeade: Oh, on the election?

Donald Trump: So, I think social media -- I think social media is fine if it's used properly. And I think we're going to have a platform that's going to be incredible, and that's what's being developed right now.

Ainsley Earhardt: Will you change your approach?

Donald Trump: You know, I really -- it's such an interesting question. I had to move fast. Our country was in bad shape. I had to move fast. Some of the niceties -- you know, like let's sit down and let's talk very calm. I had to get things going fast. China was ripping us off. Five hundred billion dollars a year. Europe -- they sound nice but they rip us. They're almost as bad as China.

Donald Trump: We made a new deal with Mexico. We made a new deal with Canada. We made a new deal with Japan. We were doing a lot of things and you had to move fast. And sometimes in order to do that you can't go -- I can be as nice as anybody. I think I'm a nice person. But we had to move quickly and sometimes you have to break the eggs a little bit.

Steve Doocy: To make an omelet. OK. So, Mr. President, during your four years as President of the United States you had at least one or two official White House photographers with you at every event. Every time you were out in public, they were snapping pictures. There are millions of images in the vault and obviously, part of the Donald Trump presidential archives.

Steve Doocy: You've sifted through all of those and you put together the first book of your post-presidency. It's called "Our Journey Together." And this book -- it's a -- it's a coffee table book. It's got 300 pictures in it. I understand you wrote all of the captions. How did you figure out what pictures were going to -- out of the millions, how did you figure out which pictures went in and which ones did not?

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great question, frankly, and it's somebody from who also has had some very successful books. But we wanted to do it quickly because we wanted to give people hope. Our country is just now -- there's so many people, they're down and we wanted to give -- we wanted to show it was a beautiful time.

Donald Trump: It was unfair. Nobody was ever attacked and hit like I was. But I understood that and I got it, and I think we also gave it back to them. But we had to do something. And, you're right -- we have millions and millions of pictures, but we picked pictures that we thought really represented the time and there are a lot of beautiful pictures.

Donald Trump: Even the rallies. We have pictures of these massive rallies that we have. And the rallies, right now, get -- are bigger now than even before the election, which is shocking. Normally, you would think you wouldn't have anybody show up. We had, in Alabama, 69,000 people. And we went to -- we went to -- as an example, I went -- we had four rallies that I think were the biggest that we've ever had.

Donald Trump: We had a tremendous rally --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- in Georgia. We had a tremendous rally in Iowa -- unbelievable rally in Iowa. But the numbers are so big. And it's --

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- really, people want hope. And that's a little bit and maybe a lot of the reason that I did this book. I think it gives people some hope and to look into a very beautiful time. In many ways --

Brian Kilmeade: Right.

Donald Trump: -- a very beautiful time.

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: COVID came along and we had to fix it.

Steve Doocy: Yes.

Donald Trump: And then we got it going again. So, we really did it twice --

Brian Kilmeade: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- and now our country is --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- being destroyed.

Brian Kilmeade: Does it make you want to get another four years and be the 47th president? And is it true that the first lady, Melania Trump -- the former first lady has told you I'm going back if you run again?

Donald Trump: No, that's not true. That's an interesting one. More fake news. No, that's not true.

Steve Doocy: Fake news. All right --

Donald Trump: She was a great first lady. She did a great job. But she loves the people; they love her. I see how they love her. But, no, I will -- I will say this. We have to fix our country. Our country is going bad. We're not going to have a country any longer if we keep doing this. When we allow other countries to empty their prisons --

Brian Kilmeade: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- into our country.

Brian Kilmeade: But what about you?

Donald Trump: You can see what happened in Afghanistan.

Brian Kilmeade: Do you want to be the 47th president?

Donald Trump: We're not going to have a country.

Brian Kilmeade: Are you thinking about -- do you think you're the only one to bring it back as the 47th president?

Donald Trump: Well, if you look at the poll numbers, I am. Because the poll numbers are 95 percent and 96 percent approval rating now in the Republican Party. Nobody's ever had that. And overall approval numbers are great. So, you know, I'm not going by polls, I'm just saying I did it before and really did it twice. I did it -- we had it at a level that has never been seen before and then we brought it back to a level that was really good despite the China virus.

Donald Trump: And other countries -- not one country has fared as well as we have.

Steve Doocy: Right.

Donald Trump: Not one country.

Steve Doocy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: So, you know, we did a good job.

Steve Doocy: Pardon the interruption. As we were just a moment ago looking at those many images from the four years of your administration, what was the -- you know, and you've had to struggle to find the photographs for this particular book -- what was, out of curiosity, the best day as president?

Donald Trump: Well, we had so much success. I mean --

Steve Doocy: Try --

Donald Trump: -- if you look at Space Force, if you look at --

Steve Doocy: Narrow it down to one if you could because we --

Donald Trump: If you look at Right to Try. OK, we got the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. That was a great day. We had a big -- We got the biggest regulation cuts. That was a great number of days. We did Right to Try. So, Right to Try -- they've been trying to get it for 47 years and I got it. That's where you can use medicine to take people that are terminally ill and allow them to see if this medicine works, and it's been incredibly successful.

Donald Trump: That wouldn't sound as big as some of the other things we've done but that was a very big thing. Supreme Court justices -- well, they're going to be making a ruling -- a very important ruling soon. Let's see how that works out. But I had three - - you know, it's very unusual to have three and I got three, and they're very good.

Donald Trump: And let's see how that all works out because right now, they're going to be making one of their biggest decisions. And putting in almost 300 judges throughout the United States. I mean, it's almost 30 percent of the judges --

Steve Doocy: OK.

Donald Trump: -- in the country So, we had a lot of big moments and I could go on -- I could just go on and on.

Steve Doocy: OK. Well --

Donald Trump: We had a lot of big moments.

Steve Doocy: So --

Ainsley Earhardt: Mr. President, thank you so much for coming on with us. If you are -- you're interested in preordering the book, it's 45books.com. I hope you're enjoying Florida. I know the Trump family, unfortunately, is canceled in certain states and you all moved down to Florida and left New York. I hope everyone's happy and doing well.

Ainsley Earhardt: Thank you so much for joining us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much -- thank you.

Steve Doocy: All right. Donald Trump, former President of the United States.