Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-the-mark-levin-podcast-september-8-2021

Mark Levin: Hello, America. It's a great honor to have President Donald Trump with us. President Trump, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Hello, Mark. I'm great. Thank you.

Mark Levin: Well, it's a great honor. You know, we don't have you on radio and TV a lot because I try to respect your time. So, when I do have you, it's very, very important. We've cleared out all the commercials and everything else.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's very good. Thank you.

Mark Levin: And I want to jump right in with you because we do need your wisdom.

Donald Trump: OK.

Mark Levin: So, would you have believed, 20 years after 9/11, the enemy that supported bin Laden and al-Qaida would be celebrating victory over America?

Donald Trump: Not believable, not even thinkable. Should have never happened. They just surrendered. Our president surrendered. Not even a possibility. And we had it done, and we handed over something so good after the rigged election. We had it so strong. And I dealt with Abdul. He's the leader. And Abdul Ghani Baradar, I dealt with him, the leader.

Donald Trump: And I said, "Any American soldiers get hit, you will pay a price the likes of which no country has ever paid." And you know what? For 18 months, we didn't have any soldiers hit. Everything was absolutely -- and -- and, you know, we had a conditions-based deal. When they didn't meet a condition, we'd bomb them.

Donald Trump: And we were in great shape. And we could have -- we could have taken three years, four years, two years, one month to get out. Didn't matter. They would never going to come in. And we were going to remove the army or the military last, not first. We're going to take every ounce of equipment. We wouldn't have had to bring our new soldiers in. They brought these young, great soldiers in. Thirteen died, many very badly wounded.

Donald Trump: Nobody ever talks about them. And 250 people, overall, were -- were killed. I mean, you saw that. It was just terrible. But that would have never happened because everything was orderly. There was no rush. And I said, "I want every nut, every bolt, every tank, every plane. I want everything taken out, and I want the American people out.

Donald Trump: And then after the American people, you'll take people that are deserving." And instead, we took hundered and some odd thousand people. We have no idea who they are. They could be Taliban. They could be worse, if that's possible. And also, they're -- and they're distributed all over the world, but they're all coming to the United States because these nations are all taking advantage of us, Mark.

Donald Trump: You know that better than anybody. All these nations that are doing us big favors by taking the people that they're charging us plenty. There has never been an embarrassment like we are going through right now. Our military is embarrassed. Anybody associated with our country is embarrassed. And it's due to gross incompetence, in my opinion, more than anything else.

Donald Trump: It's grossly incompetent. And they got $85 billion worth of equipment, the best equipment made on Earth. And China, now, is checking it out because they want to have Black Hawk helicopters, just like we do. And it's China, it's Russia, it's Iran, it's Pakistan. The equipment is being delivered all over the place.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace.

Mark Levin: You know, President Trump, I can't imagine that you would have left one American citizen in enemy territory. You went out of your way, whether it was North Korea or other parts of the world, to make sure you got Americans out. They say there's 100. I bet there's more than 100 American citizens in there. I mean -- and they go on with life and they go on with governing like nothing's going on. Do you think diplomacy is going to get our citizens out of Afghanistan?

Donald Trump: No. I think what they're doing is -- first of all, today, I heard for the first time, which I felt, today, I heard it was over a thousand, and there are many people in there. And we have a lot of brave people that are going into that territory and trying to get people out. There are a lot of brave people happening, and they're getting actually hurt by our State Department, which has no clue what they're doing.

Donald Trump: But no, I -- I cannot believe that we left people behind. This should have never happened. The 13 soldiers that were killed and all of the soldiers and all of the people that were killed and wounded, they should -- it wouldn't have never -- it would have never taken place. There wouldn't have been a rush to the plane because we would have had plenty of time to get the people out.

Donald Trump: I mean, far more people were taken out than should have been taken out. We should have taken the Americans and some people that were -- were deserving. You know, when you're at war and you end a war, that doesn't mean you have to take the entire population into your country, OK? And don't forget, for every person you take out, then they want the wife to come, the grandfather to come, the grandmother, the father, the mother, the children, the daughters, the sons, aunts, and uncles.

Donald Trump: I mean, this could be millions of people by the time they finish. And we don't even know who those people are. You know, they didn't vet the people getting onto the planes. They're vetting them now, many days later. And many of those people are going to be very bad people. They're going to be terrorists, OK? There's no doubt in my mind.

Donald Trump: But they're going to be terrorists. And that's the way it is. This -- what -- what has happened to our country in the last eight months is not even imaginable, with inflation raging; with gasoline at $1.87; and now, it's over $5; with the border at a level that nobody's ever imagined. Millions of people have already poured through our border, and these are people from jails, prisoners.

Donald Trump: We have people coming into our country that we don't want. And the biggest embarrassment of all, the only thing good about the border because, frankly, this makes the border look competent. The border is totally incompetent. I don't believe they're doing it on purpose. I think they're just incompetent. I really don't believe because they cheat on elections.

Donald Trump: They don't need these people to vote. The fact is that the Afghanistan situation, taking the military out, having the Taliban move in, then we rely on the Taliban. We give them lists of people, of Americans. We gave them lists of all the Americans and all of the people that helped us. We gave those lists to the Taliban, so, now, they can just knock on doors and say, "You're on the list." It is the most incompetently handled.

Donald Trump: And then on top of everything else, to give them the best military equipment in the world, the best in the world. The night goggles. You see, now, they're fighting at night. They hated to fight at night because they didn't have the technology or the goggles. But now, they're fighting at night. They're fighting newer area that they have not been able to take over.

Donald Trump: I understand that area is practically done. How could -- how could they fight Panjshir? How could they fight when they don't have this kind of equipment? So, they use the American equipment to wipe out -- probably wipe out. You know, it's being reported, they're still sort of fighting, but they don't have a chance.

Donald Trump: And they're fighting at night with our goggles where they can see perfectly. It is the most incompetently handled thing. And all over the world, we are being scorned, we are being laughed at by -- can you imagine, Putin, President Xi of China, Kim Jong Un of North Korea? You take a look at Merkel of Germany and all of the people, they're at the top of their game.

Mark Levin: And you know them all. And you know them all.

Donald Trump: I know them all. They're -- they're all at the top of their game. These are really smart. These are people that get it. I actually had a good relationship, but I was wise to it because they've been ripping off our country. I mean, Europe, Germany a lot. They've been ripping off our country on trade. They've been ripping off our country on NATO.

Donald Trump: I had them pay $430 billion in NATO, and the head of NATO said, "Trump did something -- President Trump did something I never thought was possible," because, for years, they were delinquent. All of them. Almost all of them. So --

Mark Levin: Let me -- let me ask you a question. You actually left NATO stronger than it was when you came in. Everyone was afraid you were going to abolish it. You left the Middle East stronger with all these deals involving Israel and these -- and these Gulf states. You had Iran in a box. You were strangling them economically.

Mark Levin: You had, quite frankly, Afghanistan in a box.

Donald Trump: Hundred percent true.

Mark Levin: You were strangling them in many ways. Yeah. And -- and

Donald Trump: Hundred percent true.

Mark Levin: And your point about I wouldn't have put up with this, I would argue, is demonstrated by your own actions. Soleimani, Baghdadi, what you did in Syria, and so forth. You're not a war guy. But on the other hand, you understand that even if you're a peace guy, you got to draw a line.

Donald Trump: Right. So, we wiped out 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Syria and Iraq, and I did it in a period of four weeks. I was told that it couldn't be done by the television generals. It would not be able to be done. And I went to Iraq, and I met generals that are real generals, and they were great, and they did a great job.

Donald Trump: And they wiped out the caliphate, 100% of the ISIS caliphate, knocked out the leaders, the bad ones, really fast. By the way, that's a tougher job than Afghanistan. We had Afghanistan in a position where they wouldn't have done -- again, Mark, I'll say it again and again. We didn't lose any soldiers for 18 months.

Donald Trump: And Biden said that the other day, and everyone said, "Well, is he going to say a but?" He said, "Since the agreement was signed, no American soldier was killed. And it was like 18 months." And everyone on his side said, "Keep going. Is there something bad you could say?" And everyone was saying, "Well, that's like a good thing, isn't it?" But he didn't say that.

Donald Trump: I'm sure he didn't mean it to be good. But he said, under me, there were no American soldiers killed for 18 months. And they wouldn't have been killed because they knew if they killed an American soldier, the bombs start raining down on top of them again. We were in such a good position. And, Mark, we could have taken one year or three years or five years or one month.

Donald Trump: We had all the time. We could have done it fast or slow. We were so protected. That's why all of the parents of the 13 incredible -- I spoke to numerous of them, as you know. You probably see the letters that they've written and everything else. They are such fans, and, you know, their child would be alive if the election weren't rigged.

Donald Trump: And they know it. They know it. It's very sad.

Mark Levin: Let me ask you about the border because you spent a lot of time fighting the Democrats and the media and the courts. And finally, you got some good decisions, and you immediately moved money legally to start building walls and so forth. Then you're -- then the Biden comes in, and he puts the brakes on it. We have God knows how many illegal aliens coming and spreading the coronavirus.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Levin: MS-13 and so forth. And the guy doesn't even go to the border to look at the damage he's done. What do you make of that?

Donald Trump: No. So, we had the best border in history. We had a stay in Mexico policy, Remain in Mexico, stay in Mexico. We had everything. Catch and release, I ended, which is not easy. You had to go through all sorts of court. We went through court for two and a half years, beating back Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats.

Donald Trump: We had so many lawsuits where we couldn't build the wall. I ended up winning. It took me two and a half years of legal action. We ended up winning 11 cases-plus. We started building the wall. The wall is almost finished, 500 miles, almost finished, the most critical areas. And by the way, it was such a tremendous help.

Donald Trump: You know, that's why we had such low numbers. And all we had to do is join certain areas. And one of the reasons -- it's interesting. One of the reasons we left certain areas open is we had massive amounts of equipment in Mexico for building the wall that we wanted to come out. So, you know, you can't bring it out if you don't have an opening.

Donald Trump: But -- but it would have taken a month. Now, the -- all the contractors are suing the Biden administration, suing our country. They want more money. They could have finished the wall for a fraction of what they'll end up paying because I know contractors better than anybody. And frankly, they shouldn't have canceled their agreement.

Donald Trump: They didn't have the right. They -- they canceled their agreement. But in a month, they could have finished the wall. The wall was so good. It's -- it works so well. People can't scale it. Virtually, it can't happen. It's high. It's powerful. It's everything the Border Patrol wanted. I went to them. I said, "What's your ideal?" They had to have vision.

Donald Trump: They had to be able to see through it. They wanted it to be steel and concrete, which it is. It's concrete inside the steel. And then it's rebar inside the concrete. They want it. I gave them everything they wanted. They have an anti -- it's called anti-climb panel. You know, the panel on top. I never liked it because it doesn't look as good, but it works much better.

Donald Trump: And I gave it to them. And so, we have the anti-climb panel. It is -- it's been so successful. All they had to do was finish it. By the way, you know, the wall is sitting there. The wall that hasn't been put up, it's sitting there waiting to be thrown up. It could have been done in a month.

Mark Levin: Crazy.

Donald Trump: And they didn't do it. But I got also Mexico. I happened to like the president very well, even though he's from a different persuasion politically. But he's a great gentleman and we got along great. He gave us 28,000 troops, 28,000. That's like an army. He gave us 28,000 Mexican soldiers, which we paid for zero.

Donald Trump: Now, I did say to him that if you don't do it, then I'm going to put tariffs on his cars because, you know, they take -- they took -- over the years, Mark, they took approximately 32% of our automobile. Not during me, during previous to me. But over a period of 20 years, they took 32% of our automobile production.

Donald Trump: People don't realize Mexico is a massive automobile builder. And they took that money, that -- that, you know, capability out of Michigan and out of our country, but Michigan, in particular, and moved to Mexico. So, they have a big force. So, I said, "Look, if you don't do it, what I'm going to do is charge you guys 10%, then 20%, then 25% tariffs." And within about 24 hours, we had 28,000 troops on the border stopping people from coming in. They also had troops on their border with Honduras and -- and, you know, El Salvador.

Donald Trump: They had the troops there. Guatemala. So, they have a border on their south -- to their south, and they -- they stopped a lot of people from coming in, which made it a lot easier. So, we had the best border we've ever had by far. We had the least amount of drugs coming into our country because of the wall that was built, which was almost completed, the wall that was built.

Donald Trump: You know what they did? They put a lot of soldiers at those small areas. So, it was -- it really worked out very well. We can't do that now because our Border Patrol is babysitting. They're changing diapers. And what they're doing, they're disrespecting our Border Patrol and they're disrespecting the brave people of ICE.

Mark Levin: And, Mr. President, almost 5,000 illegal alien kids are missing. Can you imagine under your watch if that had happened?

Donald Trump: Oh [Inaudible]

Mark Levin: And they say almost nothing about it. All right. I want to get -- before we run out of time, I want to get into politics a little bit.

Donald Trump: OK.

Mark Levin: I hear what you've been saying that people will be happy what you have to say. Now, I can read between the lines on that and so forth.

Donald Trump: OK.

Mark Levin: They'll be happy about what it is that you're going to say. My question to you is this. You're going to have the same media attacking if you do this, if, if, if. The same media, the same blue states, the same judges. There have been efforts in red states to tighten up their election laws and so forth and so on. We need election reform in this country.

Mark Levin: And what the Democrats are trying to do with this vote on this -- they call it $3.5 trillion, it's $5 trillion, is to institutionalize their power to enshrine it. So, what do you want to tell the American people?

Donald Trump: The Democrats do one thing better than anybody else, and that's cheat on elections. They are unbelievably good at it. And I said, "If they ran their military like they run their elections, Afghanistan would have been a total victory years ago." OK? Years ago. They cheat, and elections are so corrupt. And, you know, I was telling somebody a little while ago, I think I did two things: I exposed how corrupt the media is and I exposed how corrupt American elections are.

Donald Trump: You know, we were always known for these wonderful elections, how beautiful it is. We're like a third-world country when it comes -- you look at what happened in Detroit, what happened in Philadelphia. You look at what happened in Arizona today. I have a headline right in front of me. It just came out about Arizona that -- let's see.

Donald Trump: Update, 299,493 votes impacted. They had a -- a big canvassing thing happening in Arizona. It's like the most incredible thing. In fact, there's another headline in another one, "I call on Arizona to decertify the election of 2020 and recall the electors. We have a duty to act." That's -- made a statement.

Donald Trump: Somebody made that statement in Arizona, a big politician, because they caught them in Arizona. And Arizona is less crooked than Pennsylvania [Inaudible]

Mark Levin: But do you think you can overcome all this stuff in a future election?

Donald Trump: I don't know. It's a very big problem because the Democrats, you know, we got them by surprise, Mark. You have been so incredible and such a voice, such a powerful voice. And congratulations on your book. I'm not even a little surprised that it's so successful.

Mark Levin: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: No. 1 again. It's incredible, what you've done. And I've always been a backer of your books. Your books are very important. Your voice is more important than your books, frankly.

Mark Levin: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: But it's -- it's so important. But if we don't straighten out our elections, we're not going to have a country. I always say, you need borders and you need good elections. I've added you need good elections. Nobody thought our elections could be so dirty. But, you know, the people of -- of the base -- and I believe it has to be much more than 50%. I don't believe you can have defund the police.

Donald Trump: I don't believe you can have all of the stuff that they do. When you look at all of the no voter ID, no this, no that, sanctuary cities, I don't believe that they can possibly have a 50% without cheating on elections because their policies are so bad. When you look at what they do, when you look at energy, where we had -- we were energy-independent when I left.

Donald Trump: And now, you look at Biden, he's sending people over to negotiate with OPEC. Can you believe it? We beat OPEC. We were -- we did much more -- much more energy than Russia and Saudi Arabia. We went to No. 1 by far. We weren't. We went to No. 1, and we became energy-independent. That was such a great achievement.

Donald Trump: I even got ANWR in Alaska approved, the biggest site, perhaps the biggest site in the world. I got it approved. They just ended it. Reagan tried to get it. He couldn't get it. They just ended it. They've been trying to get it for 60 years, and they just ended it. So, we are no longer energy-independent. You look at what they're going to do to your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: They're going to destroy your Second Amendment. They're destroying religion. They're destroying everything. They destroy everything they touch. You know, you heard my statement the other night in Alabama. We had 68,000 people in Alabama in the rain and thunder, and I said about woke. And you know what I said about woke.

Donald Trump: But in addition to [Inaudible]

Mark Levin: We can't say it on the radio. Yeah.

Donald Trump: No, you can't. I don't want to say it on the radio because I'll get myself in trouble. But at the rally, I said it. But essentially, woke is a loser, and our country is becoming a place of losers. I just put out a statement on Robert E. Lee. They took the statue of Robert E. Lee, one of the most magnificent pieces of art.

Donald Trump: But it did represent somebody. Generals will tell you, he may have been the greatest general of all time. He took a -- a group that was going to lose a war in one day, and he actually almost won the war, except for Gettysburg. I said, "Wouldn't it be wonderful if we had Robert E. Lee or a type -- a Robert E. Lee-type running Afghanistan?"

Mark Levin: Well, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: That war -- that war would have ended a long time ago.

Mark Levin: I would love to go on with you longer, but --

Donald Trump: OK.

Mark Levin: Will you come back?

Donald Trump: I will. I'll always come back for you. I'm very proud of you.

Mark Levin: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Just a very important guy. And thank you very much, Mark.

Mark Levin: We love you here, Mr. President. Thank you very, very much.