Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-lisa-boothe-the-truth-podcast-march-22-2021

Donald Trump: Such corrupt --

Dan Bongino: It's so good to see you. Let me stand up. You are --

Donald Trump: That's good, thank you.

Dan Bongino: -- former President and soon to be hopefully next president. How you been? You feeling all right?

Donald Trump: I hope so.

Dan Bongino: You've been busy.

Donald Trump: I've been busy. I really have. I've been -- we've been doing a lot. Your show is going great, huh?

Dan Bongino: How many people we got watching right now? Oh, yeah, move your mic a little closer, Mr. President, just to be -- , uh, how many people we got watching? 200 -- 290,000 people and the show just started. So, we'll be the biggest livestream in the world. You're going to have a lot more than that when this goes off, you watch.

Dan Bongino: We beat the NFL last night in the livestream.

Donald Trump: Is that right?

Dan Bongino: Yeah, we did.

Donald Trump: No kidding? That's crazy.

Dan Bongino: You know why, because the MAGA crowd is the most loyal people. I've never seen a political --

Donald Trump: Your crowd is MAGA, right?

Dan Bongino: Oh, my gosh.

Donald Trump: Pretty much.

Dan Bongino: MAGA, they're like super-extra MAGA. They're like -- you know, Elon had like the dark MAGA?

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: We're like the darkest, MAGA, right.

Donald Trump: Yeah, right.

Dan Bongino: Oh, yeah, we're like --

Donald Trump: How about, Elon, how about him?

Dan Bongino: Oh, we love you.

Donald Trump: I saw that rocket come in and -- and then -- and he's campaigning now in Pennsylvania. I love it.

Dan Bongino: It -- it's good to have successful people, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, he's a sweetheart.

Dan Bongino: So --

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Dan Bongino: I got a couple questions for you. I appreciate your time, first off.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Dan Bongino: The Secret Service, obviously a sensitive topic with me., uh, I spent 12 years there, protected Democrat and Republican presidents, something really close to my heart. I know you've told the story quite a bit. We all saw it. I spoke to you the next day. We had a conversation on the phone. It was amazing, like you told the story almost like you weren't even there.

Dan Bongino: You were so -- I couldn't believe how you came within inches of dying on television. There's no easy way to put it and you just -- I've never seen anything like it. You get up and your first instinct is to scream fight. And then you had said, which I know the people who surround you, they're really good people.

Donald Trump: They are, they are.

Dan Bongino: The Secret Service, I've known them for a long time. But if we get you into office, Mr. President, we need you safe. Can we commit today to some kind of commission or reform the Secret Service? We can get some outside experts to make substantive reforms when you're in charge?

Donald Trump: So, the people I've met from Secret Service, and I know a lot of them, right, they're amazing, they're really good. They had a really bad day in Butler and I don't know whose fault that was. You know, I guess you go top level, but that building should have been covered obviously. But if you look at what happened, uh, when those bullets started going off, they were on top of me really quickly and they were -- it's a miracle they weren't hit, actually.

Donald Trump: I think the guy was sort of stunned, something happened to him, something happened., uh, the Secret Service shooter was amazing because he was very far away and he, you know, he spent one bullet when you think., uh, but, uh, everybody I've met from the Secret Service has been so good, but they had a bad day, there's no doubt about it. We're not allowed in this world to have a bad day, right?

Dan Bongino: No.

Donald Trump: It's not -- not in this one. This is too big. Um, I think they did a good job the second time. Some people said you should have caught him the day before or he should have never been there, but that was a great job that the other Secret service, the second time, when that guy was --

Dan Bongino: I don't think so.

Donald Trump: That guy was a -- No, I understand. I understand it.

Dan Bongino: They shouldn't -- that guy should have been nowhere near you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. I understand it both ways., uh, the individual guy did an amazing job to see a barrel coming out of a bush.

Dan Bongino: Oh, that guy, yeah.

Donald Trump: No, but to see a barrel. That was a Secret Service guy. To see a barrel coming out of a bush was something pretty amazing. But, uh, no, it's got to be safe. Got to be safe. Yeah, we need to reform that. It's really important I -- How was the report? The report came out yesterday?

Dan Bongino: The report's devastating and it confirms a lot of things that I've said being an agent for over a decade of my life. Mr. President, they have this government attitude, this kind of segways nicely into another question I had. You're from the private sector.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: OK, I was given an example, I was chatting waiting for you and my audience to come down from your Fox interview and what you were doing. And I said, you're a builder in New York, one of the toughest places in the world to build. You know that. You're dealing with bureaucrats, unions, unions with conflicting interests.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: How you got all this done, I don't even know. But you did. You tell a guy -- a guy, I need 15 floors of concrete in six months and he tells you, hey, we came up ten floors short, you're going with the new concrete company. And by the way, you're dealing with a lot of interests, if you know what I mean, especially the concrete in New York, you've been there, right?

Dan Bongino: That doesn't happen in New York, I mean in the government -- excuse me. You were President of the United States, you have these failed agencies that that blew it. The Secret Service that did this whole -- you know, yesterday's technology, tomorrow. We used to laugh. They didn't have a drone. So, when you get into office, say with someone like an Elon Musk, are you planning on some systemic wide review of the FBI Secret Service and these other entities and say listen, we're not doing it this way anymore.

Dan Bongino: We're going to produce results for the American people or you're all getting the boot, we're out, this is it, we're done.

Donald Trump: Well, Dan, as you know, you have to have the best people and it's all about the people and, uh, I know nothing about, you know, very little about that. Although, uh, I've learned a lot over the last few weeks. It's amazing. You know, we had a, uh, a rally in Butler, second rally, we had 107,000 people that turned out.

Dan Bongino: Amazing.

Donald Trump: And it's -- it's been -- and it's become a great site. I don't know if it's like a memorial site where cars are riding up and down the road, honking their horns from all over the place. They're coming from all over the country. It's become like, uh, what is it in Nevada where they have the site with the aliens, right?

Dan Bongino: Area 51. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Yeah, Area 51. I think it's the largest -- Butler, you have to see Butler. The -- the streets are just loaded with cars. They ride up and down the side and they honk. It's, uh, I don't know. It's cute, it's beautiful actually. But, uh, I know the Secret Service well, I know -- I didn't know the top person, but I know the people that work on my detail.

Donald Trump: They're very, you know, very good. You know a lot of them.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they're great people. Uh, something went wrong and you can't let it go wrong. So, I can't tell you. You'd be somebody good to look into that, you would be good. That was your business, right?

Dan Bongino: That was my business for a long time.

Donald Trump: You would be good, but, uh, they got to -- they got to get it right. It's dangerous. I'll tell you what, being president is a dangerous profession when you think, OK, I mean, forget about me, you look -- it's, uh, one tenth of one percent die as a race car driver, right? OK. So, you take one percent, now you take one tenth of that, that's what die.

Donald Trump: And these guys are going around a track at 220 miles an hour. The bull riding to me looks like, you know that's -- that's not something I want to do, right? And it's about the same, one tenth. You know they get killed, they get killed.

Dan Bongino: It's not like it hasn't happened.

Donald Trump: No, it happens.

Dan Bongino: JFK, Reagan was shot.

Donald Trump: No, no, but when you think about it, a lot of presidents have been shot, uh, and even assassinated relative to the -- relative to the number. So, I always say this is a dangerous business. I never thought of that when I ran, you know, you think everything's peachy Dory, but it's a nasty business. One thing I would like to do is, uh, the first shooter, which they say was a miracle, I mean, you know, it's lucky I moved to the right, but if I didn't turn to the right -- over immigration, see I got saved over illegal immigration, the chart, my all-time favorite chart.

Donald Trump: But, uh, but the first shooter had, uh, three apps and two of them they say were foreign-based and they haven't opened those apps. And I wonder why the FBI hasn't done that. The second shooter had six -- had six cell phones now who has six cells? Have you ever heard of anyone? I have two, but who has six cell phones?

Donald Trump: And you would think that they'd want those opened and they haven't opened them and they can open them and I guarantee they opened them for January 6, all those guys got their cells opened.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, why aren't they opening? So, I do ask that question, why isn't the FBI opening up those phones? And foreign -- it looks like their foreign based. So, you never know, you know, where these people are coming from. They may look innocent like, you know, they're nice country boys, but they may not be. So, I'd like to see them open that up and fast and we'll get down to the bottom of it.

Dan Bongino: I suspect there's probably some foreign connections there and candidly I don't --

Donald Trump: It looks it, doesn't it though?

Dan Bongino: Yeah, I just don't trust the FBI, Mr. President, given their experience.

Donald Trump: I understand that.

Dan Bongino: It's not like we're basing this off some hypothetical. They spied on your campaign. You have the names of the spies. I mean I wrote three books on it. It's not -- I cited left-wing sources in the books. Let me ask you --

Donald Trump: They actually spied on my campaign and then they go after the people that went after the spies, right? They spied on my campaign. And if you look, it was Biden and Obama and their group of people and the deep state, they wanted that forgotten as quick as possible, quickly as possible. The fake news media, they -- they hate to cover it, and when you say they spied on my campaign, they go well, you know.

Donald Trump: No, they actually spied on my campaign. We have it all. So, we'll see.

Dan Bongino: Lesley Stahl said no though, so -- on 60 Minutes.

Donald Trump: I don't think any --

Dan Bongino: So, it didn't happen.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Dan Bongino: She's a very credible source. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Lesley Stahl, and you know she never gave me an apology.

Dan Bongino: No, no.

Donald Trump: And David Muir didn't give me -- when I said crime is rampant, he said no, crime has gone down, right? And he said the FBI told him, I said well, the FBI, it's a -- it's a fraudulent report because they didn't include the worst cities.

Dan Bongino: You saw the FBI correction?

Donald Trump: They corrected, yeah.

Dan Bongino: They had to say, oh yeah, there were 1,699 more. How do you miss a murder?

Donald Trump: They go --

Dan Bongino: How do you -- the guy's dead.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: How do you miss a murder?

Donald Trump: They go, let's include a few other cities like the worst cities, right?

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: No, it's very sad what's happening with the FBI.

Dan Bongino: You ever say to yourself, gosh, my batting average with these media idiots is like a thousand like this -- Trump a thousand, media losers, zero? I mean, I got to tell you of all the media moments you've had, the one that infuriates me the most, it's actually a segment on my show is the Leslie Stahl, sir moment.

Dan Bongino: Sir, sir, we can't verify. You're the media you loser, what do you mean you can't -- Your job was -- all you had to do was go to the FBI and ask is this thing real?

Donald Trump: And she knew it, she knew it. Look, it's, uh -- hey, I think the worst scandal I've ever seen in broadcast history will maybe not be as much of a scandal if that were a Republican, it would have been over. When they changed Kamala's answer, they didn't edit. They took her entire -- which showed she was crazy, they took it out, the entire paragraph, and it was a long -- lots of -- they say word salad.

Donald Trump: I don't like the term actually, but they say word salad. It was just words, rambling words, horrible. So, they take it out and they put another statement that she made two pages later, they insert it and nobody would have known the difference, and they got caught. They got caught.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, you've --

Donald Trump: And I think it's the worst scandal. You know, it's one thing if they took even a sentence off, because they do that with me all the time, because I like to speak in long sentences, paragraphs, right? And if they take a sentence out like in the middle, it really does screw it up, but think of this, they took the whole thing in and they replaced it with a totally unrelated time and place and they put it in. And -- and that's the only one that we caught and we want them to release the tapes now.

Donald Trump: So, I think I'm going to sue them, actually.

Dan Bongino: Go for it.

Donald Trump: I think so. No, you know what? They can't defend it and if they do, and even if they win, it's going to be very embarrassing. 60 Minutes -- so, I've done it many times. I did it with Mike Wallace. The best one I ever had was Mike Wallace and he was the biggest killer. You know, Chris tries to be Mike, but you just -- you still have to have it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, he's not cutting it.

Donald Trump: He doesn't --

Dan Bongino: He's not cutting it.

Donald Trump: But, um, it's a very embarrassing moment for them, but the media is not pressing it. You would think the media would be pressing it. And I go a step further. It's so bad they should lose their license and they should take 60 Minutes off the air. This is like the $64,000 question many years ago. Have you ever read the books on television?

Donald Trump: They caught somebody, they gave somebody the answers, right, And he was a very famous dude. They ended up giving him the answers and the whole thing -- it was the biggest scandal maybe in television, but this is potentially -- because think of what they did, it's election interference. They gave her an answer.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: It was worse than that. They took the answer out and put a new answer in.

Dan Bongino: Mr. President, I think you should call them 61 Minutes from now on because they add an extra minute for Kamala. So, I think it's a mistake to call them 60 Minutes. You're giving him too much credit. So, in public speeches just refer to them as 61. They had an extra minute for Kamala.

Donald Trump: But how about David Muir? Everything I said --

Dan Bongino: Crime is down, right?

Donald Trump: No, everything I said he questioned, there wasn't a thing. Every single thing I said he questioned and he was wrong, I think on every one of them, I'm pretty sure. But -- and he never questioned her and she talked about Charlottesville, she talked -- all things that have been, as they say, debunked, another term I don't like, but it's, you know, a pretty accurate term.

Donald Trump: All totally debunked. Bloodbath. They used the bloodbath, I was talking about the car industry, right? Not -- not talking about a bloodbath. He used the word bloodbath. You know, these people are sick. You got to say though they are good at what they do, you have to admire it.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, listen, if you're -- I mean?

Donald Trump: They are sick.

Dan Bongino: You know you and I are New York kids, you know. Um, I'm just a just a slight tad bit younger, but you remember 1980s Times Square pre-Giuliani? You remember the Rolexes, the fake Rolexes and then all the peep shows and stuff? I mean, some of the scammers were good. Remember the shell game guys? Like they were good.

Dan Bongino: So, that's them, like if you're going to be good at a scammer, you might as well be good at it. That's what 60 Minutes is.

Donald Trump: The press is a big scam.

Dan Bongino: No --

Donald Trump: It's terrible. You know, I don't know that a country can come back if it has a fake press.

Dan Bongino: It's hard.

Donald Trump: Because they're like the policeman, you know, they're like -- they keep people honest, right? But Democrats don't have to be honest. They really don't have to be honest, because they're not going to -- they will never be accused of anything. It's interesting, I was so amazed that Harvey Weinstein got schlonged.

Donald Trump: He got hit as hard as you can get hit because he was sort of the king of the woke, right? And yet he got hit and I figured that maybe he wouldn't get hit so hard. But boy, did he get -- You don't know him well. I don't know him well, but I watched that and it was amazing. So, when they do get hit, they get hit, but that's the only one I can think of. Normally they protect everybody.

Donald Trump: What they did with Adams, I think is very suspect.

Dan Bongino: How did you bring that up last night at that --

Donald Trump: Well, I brought it up because he was on the dais and I think other people were bringing it up too.

Dan Bongino: Do you think it's coincidental that he comes out with the immigration problem in New York City as the mayor here and all of a sudden, the DOJ --

Donald Trump: No, I predicted it. So, he came out pretty strongly against the migrants taking over the city, which as a mayor, he should, right, and not getting paid. You know, they've spent $3 billion on migrants and the federal government's not there to pay it back, but he went against the party and he said he will be indicted within six months.

Donald Trump: I know these people, like deranged Jack Smith. This is a deranged individual.

Dan Bongino: Did you see he's going to release another manifesto. I mean, is this the -- this guy is absolutely scum.

Donald Trump: Before -- before the election?

Dan Bongino: I've never seen anything like it. This is like tyranny.

Donald Trump: And the judge is allowing --

Dan Bongino: Hammer, sickle --

Donald Trump: And the judge is allowing him to do it. And, uh, it's not even believable. This guy is a sick puppy, and they're going to release something else, and always before the election, you know they want to do it before the election. It's election interference. Now it's a terrible thing what's happening. And the judges -- this judge is the most evil person.

Dan Bongino: I've never seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: Uh, she was -- they all said, well, make sure you don't get Chutkan. And who did I get?

Dan Bongino: You lucked out.

Donald Trump: I got Chutkan. I got Chutkan.

Dan Bongino: She's a real prize.

Donald Trump: That's all right, because, you know, it has to get approved by lots of different people, but they said make sure you don't get Chutkan. Well, I have nothing to do with it. So, you know, they supposedly pick -- they pick balls, right? It's not -- I don't think it works that way, but that's what they say. That's the way it's supposed to be. You pick out of a hat and that's a judge.

Dan Bongino: But there's probably one named --

Donald Trump: Well, you don't want Chutkan, that's for sure, and you got Chutkan.

Dan Bongino: Every ballot in the hat had Chutkan on it.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, what judge would do that? Forget about deranged, Jack Smith, you know, a judge is supposed to keep him in check. What judge would say we're going to release something, you know, a couple of days before the election.

Dan Bongino: By the way, which you have almost no ability to respond to, he could -- he could be making this up. Everyone in our system is innocent till proven guilty not guilty until proven innocent, it's disgraceful.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's an amazing thing.

Dan Bongino: You know -- you know what the real -- I got so much I want to -- Can I ask you a different question?

Donald Trump: Because it's hard to believe, right?

Dan Bongino: It is, it's hard to believe, like even the CNN legal analyst, what's his name that Honig guy was like, this is really un -- At CNN, they don't even like him.

Donald Trump: Did he say that about this one?

Dan Bongino: He said it about three weeks ago when Jack Smith released the first -- look it up, I'm pretty sure it was Honig, but it was definitely on CNN, and he was, I think, a federal prosecutor. And he said, I've never seen anything like this where the prosecutor gets to release an uncontested memo with unproven charges, not in a courtroom, but basically a campaign document.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: It was the most obscene thing. Again CNN, which let's be honest, they hate your guts, and they're putting that on -- that's how bad this guy is.

Donald Trump: It's illegal analyst for CNN. He's the top guy, has been against all of this. He said Trump did nothing wrong. I'm so amazed. I'm more impressed with that than anything else I've seen on CNN. But you know, because you'd think they'd try and stop him. He is one of the biggest guarders of the Constitution.

Donald Trump: I mean he really is, he's a great lawyer. He said this is really unfair. But think of it, right before the election. Now I don't even know what it says. This is made up by other people, it has nothing to do with me. And you don't even get a right to answer. It is -- see that's election interference right there, that's cheating on an election.

Dan Bongino: How many stories have they told about you that are -- So, remember that you -- you beat up the Secret Service driver?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: We used to laugh about that on my show because I know the people who were involved.

Donald Trump: So, that's now been proven to be false.

Dan Bongino: He tackled you -- like you gave him a triangle choke from the back of the car. You're a pretty talented guy. You must have learned that from your Secret --

Donald Trump: A lot of people said don't dispute that, sir, it makes you look very tough and strong. No, they say -- [Laughter]

Dan Bongino: You took out a couple --

Donald Trump: They say I went to the man on the right, who's a weightlifter and -- and like 30 years old and then the man on the right, who's supposed to be a great karate expert.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: I decided to go for him and I got him around the neck.

Dan Bongino: Your skills, right?

Donald Trump: And this was a woman who I think the testimony is all now gone. So, what happened to me -- Here's one of the greatest scandals, the Unselect Committee of political hacks, Cheney all these people.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Cheney is -- you know, they say we have a Republican, the Republican is Cheney and then they have kissing and crying.

Dan Bongino: There's always crying.

Donald Trump: I've never seen him when he's not crying.

Dan Bongino: He's crying all the time.

Donald Trump: They call him crying at him, kissing. He cries every time. You know, he's so desperate, he's a sick puppy. Those are the two Republicans, OK. So, they say the bipartisan committee, they were much worse than any Democrat. The Democrats were nothing. So, anyway. So, the head of it, Bennie Thompson --

Dan Bongino: Yeah, he's a champ.

Donald Trump: A real beauty. He decided to destroy all evidence of the -- of this year and a half trial. Everything is gone. The reason is because I was so innocent. And like, as an example, this one case that, I won't mention names, the girl, the person that did that, said that, it's been totally, uh, unconfirmed, right?

Donald Trump: It's been unconfirmed. The Secret Service agent said never happened, never happened. I tell you first of all you wouldn't be able to do it.

Dan Bongino: I worked with him in New York, Bob.

Donald Trump: Yeah, Bobby.

Dan Bongino: And he knows that didn't happen.

Donald Trump: Bobby's a tough cookie. Bobby's not going to let somebody grab him. Yeah, he's -- You're not grabbing Bobby around the --

Dan Bongino: You're right. That may be a great -- like you took them all out.

Donald Trump: You know, I have a friend that say why are you fighting that? Let it be, it doesn't make any difference, let it be. You beat the crap out of him, it's the coolest thing I've ever heard, right? But I said, let's tell the truth, it never happened. I actually said, I'd love to go down -- remember peacefully and patriotically.

Donald Trump: Do you know they don't mention that in any paper?

Dan Bongino: No, never.

Donald Trump: The biggest, most important part; peacefully and patriotically. They don't mention that in any paper, in any document, in anything, it's crazy. So, anyway. So, it was all disproven. They -- did you know they -- they've destroyed all evidence, right? Now, you're supposed to go to jail if you destroy evidence.

Donald Trump: Even in a civil case, you go to jail. They destroyed -- they announced we have decided to destroy all evidence having to do with the Unselect Committee. I love the name unselect because it's called the Select Committee, like it's -- I call it the Unselect Committee.

Dan Bongino: Do you find it weird that the January 6 Unselect Committee, which I agree, there's nothing select about them. Do you find it weird, they're not interested about why Kamala Harris was not at the Capitol on January 6 but was at the DNC when a pipe bomb was outside?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's interesting.

Dan Bongino: Why doesn't Kamala Harris -- they keep saying it's an insurrection. Why doesn't she tell that story?

Donald Trump: It's a rigged deal. The whole thing is rigged, 100 percent rigged.

Dan Bongino: If you get elected, and we hope that happens, can -- can you get an answer as to why she was there?

Donald Trump: I do believe -- I do believe, look, this is really corrupt stuff. The other thing is, as you know, um, they really won in the Supreme Court, OK? The Fischer case and the various cases. Um, why are they still being held? Nobody's ever been treated like this. Nobody's ever -- maybe the Japanese during Second World War, frankly.

Donald Trump: But, you know, they were held too. But when you look at Portland and the damage they did -- and killed people, because other than Ashli, nobody was killed here, nobody was killed, and there were no guns involved and these are all gun owners. You know, these are people that have guns, but they never went to the Capitol with guns.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's really amazing, uh, it's a very sad -- I think it's a very sad day in the country's life, but they -- but here's the end of this, they destroyed and deleted all evidence. So, now we're not going to know what she said about how I beat the crap out of these two Secret Service agents.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: I was so strong, my arm just ripped around those big necks, 24 inch necks. I ripped my arm around them and they didn't have a chance. You know, no, no -- Dan, can you imagine that?

Dan Bongino: No, I --

Donald Trump: But how do they -- how did they delete it and destroy it? You're not allowed to do that.

Dan Bongino: The Secret Service deleted the texts from that day too, and they said it was a tech transfer. It was not, it's a lie. So, if you get elected, I'm really hoping we can get to the bottom. We should talk about that. Can I ask you something else about a -- kind of switching gears a minute. You know the media paints you in this ridiculous -- you've seen the caricatures, they're insane.

Dan Bongino: You know, when I was going through cancer treatment at Sloan Kettering, I was going in for surgery and I had a bad incident and you called me that day from the White House, and I got to tell you, I was really touched by the whole thing. You are extremely loyal to your friends. And I say to people, you know why, because he's a Queens guy.

Dan Bongino: And tell me if I'm right, here's my theory, Donald Trump theory on Queens, why you got the bravado and the machismo and why the guys really like you on The Bro podcast. Queens guys, we never had the money of the Manhattan kids. So, you don't have like the class like of the Manhattan -- you're not in like the upper crust of this fake cast system we have in New York.

Dan Bongino: You know it exists, but we're never given the tough guy credit, the Brooklyn and the Bronx kids. Nobody wants to fight them just because they say they're from Brooklyn. So, we're from Queens, we always got to say it and do it. We just can't show up. And oh, this guy's got money from Central Park West or he's from Brooklyn, he's tough.

Dan Bongino: Tell me I'm not right about Queens, is that the Donald Trump --

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great place to learn. A lot of very successful people came out of Queens. Queens is -- yeah, it's a place of successful people as you know, but so is Brooklyn, and maybe the Bronx too. A little bit different.

Dan Bongino: Paula is from the Bronx.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Dan Bongino: Paula, yeah. Lovely Paula.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow.

Dan Bongino: She looks good, doesn't she?

Donald Trump: It's good, beyond good. Uh, it's really, uh --

Dan Bongino: It's crazy being married to a 25-year-old.

Donald Trump: And she has a lot to do with your success.

Dan Bongino: Oh, my gosh.

Donald Trump: I have seen over the years people married and having a great relationship and they're successful, then it doesn't work out, they go to somebody else and they lose everything. You know, the man behind the woman, and the woman behind the man, it's both. It works out both ways. But I've seen many cases where somebody's successful and -- but with somebody else not successful at all.

Donald Trump: I see it with athletes.

Dan Bongino: Is Melania your secret weapon?

Donald Trump: Melania?

Dan Bongino: Melania, is your secret weapon?

Donald Trump: By the way, she just did number one bestseller book. Did you see that?

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Number one, she's number one on the list, New York Times list. Now to be number one for Trump -- for Trump to be number one on the New York Times list is not even believable, right? You know what you have to go -- she had to be number one by thousands of books, OK, because they're pretty tough on that. Now, she's got the number one bestseller, Melania.

Dan Bongino: Can I ask you a question about your business time in New York, with Wollman Rink, for those of you who don't know at home, Wollman Rink is an ice skating rink, the city couldn't fix it for whatever, 500 years, because it's the city of New York, it was a train wreck. They come to you. They say, Mr. Trump at the time, you weren't running for president or anything.

Dan Bongino: You know, can you fix this mess? You got it done in record time, I don't even remember.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dan Bongino: What was --

Donald Trump: It was closed for 11 years. My kids were getting older, they kept saying Ivanka, daddy, can I go ice skating? I'm sorry, darling, the rink is under construction. After saying that for 11 years, yeah, you know, for 11 years it's been under construction for 11 years. My darling, you're the most beautiful little ice skater, but there goes your career because you have to start young and they were building.

Donald Trump: So, they were building it for 11 years. They had spent just, you know, numbers that were unbelievable, they couldn't get it to work, they were building it wrong, they had the wrong pipe. They had the wrong system. They used a refrigeration company from Miami, right? You don't go to Miami for a rink, you go to Canada.

Donald Trump: I went to the Montreal Canadiens, they came down, they were very nice. They came down, they said this doesn't work. You have to use a brine system. Anyway, they were using a gas. They had the wrong everything. And you know they pour this big 50,000 foot site in little tiny patches.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: So, it was all uneven. You never saw a butcher job like this. [Laughter] So, I took it over. So, it was under construction for 11 years. I got it done in two and a half months.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, and it was a famous story in New York.

Donald Trump: I had cement trucks going. The Teamsters. I had cement trucks going from the rink back to Harlem, you know along the park.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, oh yeah.

Donald Trump: And I had 40, 50 trucks standing there all poured over a two day period at one time. You know they were doing little chunks and then they wouldn't match and then they tried to hook up pipes. The whole thing was the craziest thing, and the people from the Montreal Canadiens came down and they said -- oh, and you remember they kept stealing the copper pipe.

Donald Trump: You know, you'd put pipe in the concrete.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: But every night they'd put the pipe in the pipe would be gone the next day, the thieves, because copper is very expensive.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they said, no, you don't want to use copper, you want to use hose and it has to have water in it, warm water, and you have to put salt in the water that way it doesn't -- that's the whole thing. That was a big factor. You know, it's called brine, it's water and salt, so the salt doesn't let it freeze, right?

Donald Trump: And it was great. And we opened it and I ran it for many years and de Blasio came along. And by the way I hit him hard last night, did you see that? Were you watching last night?

Dan Bongino: No, I was traveling out.

Donald Trump: So, they had the Alfred Smith, Al Smith dinner last night, the big Catholic dinner in the plaza it. It was great. The Cardinal was -- Everybody was there.

Dan Bongino: Kamala skipped out.

Donald Trump: Every -- she, yeah. Everybody was there but her.

Dan Bongino: I love your joke about, uh, tampon Tim, by the way, that he didn't show up, but he's telling everyone he's there.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Dan Bongino: He's -- he's telling war stories.

Donald Trump: We had a lot of jokes, it's actually -- you're supposed to be a comedian at least for part of your speech.

Dan Bongino: No, you were good, I liked it. You were pretty funny.

Donald Trump: It came out. It was a great evening.

Dan Bongino: Um, let me -- I know you're short on time.

Donald Trump: Was de Blasio the worst mayor in history?

Dan Bongino: You know, I think Dinkins was really bad. I think Dinkins was -- I mean, they called him Stinkins. Dinkins was bad.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Dan Bongino: I mean, you and I have been through Koch, Dinkins, Beame, mayors of New York.

Donald Trump: Who is the best mayor?

Dan Bongino: Giuliani, by far. I worked as a cop under Giuliani. I mean, you went into Times Square under Giuliani, that's actually one of my questions, bad enough yet, New York City. You know, you and I lived through the Giuliani era, you go up, you get off the train station in Times Square, you get hit with seven hookers, 20 drug dealers and, uh, three card monte guys left and right.

Dan Bongino: Right? Giuliani gets elected, Mr. President, you know as well as I do, you walk through Times Square six months later, it's a totally different place. So, when people tell me, Donald Trump who grew up in that New York and is committed to changing government can't fix things, it's too bad. I say BS, it was a thousand times worse in New York and Giuliani turned it around like that.

Donald Trump: Well, it's getting bad. I will say it's getting bad. Bad things are happening and the migrants are making it happen really bad because, you know, we have 100,000 migrants. Nobody has any idea how many. And interestingly the mayor said, you know, this is not sustainable. And I said he'll be indicted, and he was indicted.

Donald Trump: They indicted him. This is a bad group -- the same group that we just talked about. And it's -- let's see what happens. I mean, let's see what happens with it. But having a young Rudy at this moment, you know, a young Rudy, because he did -- he did a great job.

Dan Bongino: You saw it.

Donald Trump: This city was a mess. This whole place was a mess and within a couple of years it became the safest big city in the world, right?

Dan Bongino: It was amazing. It was great for business with you.

Donald Trump: He's got to be given credit for it. He did a great job.

Dan Bongino: The question from my audience, I got -- I put out a poll, I said give me some questions for President Trump. I want to hear what you all have to say. Personnel, your first term you were new to politics, which was a benefit, but in a little way -- has it -- a little bit -- has a downside in that you don't know all the players, you're a business guy.

Dan Bongino: So, people recommended you hires. You had to get rid of a lot of people, a lot of them turned out to be turkeys and they're concerned the second term that we may have that same problem. I've told them, I know your team, I know they get it now. Do you have -- I'm not asking for any names, I don't want you -- I wouldn't -- I wouldn't dare.

Dan Bongino: But do you have a set of people now, you know, you can trust? When we get in, because we're not going to have a lot of time, in two years, there could be a midterm issue. We've got two years to clean this disaster up. You feel like you've got a roster like a team of --

Donald Trump: When I first got elected, Dan, I was only -- you probably heard me say this story, but I was there 17 times in Washington, DC. So, I wasn't a Washington person. I knew really nobody there, and mostly because I was building a hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, and a beautiful hotel that I sold to the Waldorf Astoria.

Donald Trump: You know I did.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But I did a beautiful job, but it was mostly for that. So, I was -- I was essentially never in Washington, so I didn't know people. So, I had to rely on people, you know, for big positions. I'm saying, hey, do you know anybody that can be like this job and that job? And generally I got it very good. We had Lighthizer, you know, trade we had -- we had a lot of good guys.

Donald Trump: But we also made some mistakes, made mistakes at attorney general, made mistakes -- I made some mistakes, and I don't really blame myself for it. You know, they were highly recommended by rhinos and they weren't the right people. They just weren't the right people. And, uh, there were some other positions, too.

Donald Trump: Mostly I got it right, you know, nobody ever talks about the good. We had a lot of great people.

Dan Bongino: Right.

Donald Trump: But we had some -- some mistakes.

Dan Bongino: You fired them.

Donald Trump: I fired them, and here's what happens. When I fired, because I'm famous or whatever for whatever reason, when I fire them, immediately the book companies go to them and they say, oh, we'll give you a book if you say bad things about Trump. If Bush fired somebody, nobody cares. You know? If somebody else fires -- But immediately when I fired, they go to them and they write something, or they say -- like Bolton was a staff -- he was a dumb guy, very stupid guy.

Donald Trump: But actually he came in handy because he was a maniac. You know, he always want to go to war with people.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, he wants to bomb everyone.

Donald Trump: He wants to bomb -- so, I just -- he wouldn't talk because he was stupid. But what happened is, I'd bring him into a room with Putin and Putin would say, oh shit, Trump wants to go to war because Bolton was with Bush and they, you know, think of it, they went into the Middle East, they bombed the hell out of the place and they left.

Donald Trump: You know, it's like, uh -- they bombed. This guy would -- he would go, he wanted to bomb anything. He's a nut job, but -- but he was good for negotiating purposes. But then after a while you -- so, you fire him and whenever you fire people, generally, if they have an option like with me they have -- most people don't care.

Donald Trump: It's like they get fired, but there's nobody to write about the boss. But if the boss is famous, they can maybe get a book deal.

Dan Bongino: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, I believe in firing people. For instance, in Afghanistan, Biden should have fired every general and every person involved in that botched job moving the soldiers out first. Everything they did was wrong.

Dan Bongino: It's disgraceful.

Donald Trump: They should have all been fired.

Dan Bongino: How do you leave the military base first in Bagram?

Donald Trump: First of all, they should have used Bagram and then they drop Bagram and China has Bagram right now and it's an --

Dan Bongino: I was in Bagram, it's amazing.

Donald Trump: So, it's, uh --

Dan Bongino: They left it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they left it.

Dan Bongino: They didn't even tell the locals.

Donald Trump: They should have.

Dan Bongino: The locals showed up and there was nobody there.

Donald Trump: Yeah, my plan was I was getting out but keeping Bagram because of China because it's an hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons. So, anyway that's where it is. That's the saddest story and maybe the most embarrassing story in the history of our country, that whole Afghanistan. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength and we were going to get out.

Donald Trump: It was going to be great. We had to get out, it was to 20 years, 21 years, it was ridiculous. But we were going to keep Bagram because of China. We didn't keep it.

Dan Bongino: Can I ask you a hypothetical on that? Say -- I mean, obviously we can't prove a counterfactual, but you were the president, say that 2020 debacle doesn't happen and you're sitting there in the Oval. I agree we had to get out of there. Do you say to them, the Taliban, here's the deal brothers we are leaving, but I'm telling you right now, you touch a hair on the head of one of our people, we are going to rain hellfire.

Donald Trump: But I did say that. We didn't have any soldiers shot after I spoke with Abdul, the leader of the Taliban. We didn't have any soldier, not one soldier for 18 months was killed, and Biden actually admitted that at a speech a few years ago. He said, well, I have to say no soldier has been killed. We were -- we were losing a lot of soldiers over there with Obama.

Donald Trump: And I said that if you do it, I don't want to say exactly what I said because it's not appropriate, but I said you better not shoot our soldiers. We didn't have one soldier killed in it -- think of it, in 18 months. And then this horrible thing happened. They should have left from Bagram, number one, not for that base.

Donald Trump: And we lost 13 soldiers, many really badly hurt, you know, with the legs and the arms and the whole thing. Uh, we have Americans left behind. We had some very good people left behind, two that maybe should have come with us. They had that airlift which was terrible with people falling off the planes. It was so bad.

Donald Trump: And we left behind $80 billion worth of equipment.

Dan Bongino: Biden never recovered from that. Everybody saw what a loser he was.

Donald Trump: Biden is a grossly incompetent man. But here's the bad news, she's worse.

Dan Bongino: Oh, sure.

Donald Trump: She is more incompetent than Biden.

Dan Bongino: Yeah, no, she's horrible. Can I ask you a really --

Donald Trump: Dan, I've got to get going.

Dan Bongino: Oh, I'm sorry.

Donald Trump: They're going crazy.

Dan Bongino: Oh, all right. Folks, I'm sorry, we got to wrap it up with the president you got -- you got a little thing called the campaign coming up and --

Donald Trump: I do.

Dan Bongino: You got to win. I want to thank you for your time. I want to thank you from my audience. I'm really -- Oh, can I ask you one small favor?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Dan Bongino: We're going to do election night coverage and I want to do, you know Franklin Graham, Samaritan's Purse.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Dan Bongino: So, I want to auction off a Donald Trump signed Bongino baseball.

Donald Trump: Good.

Dan Bongino: And give it to Franklin Graham. Would you be kind enough to sign it on camera?

Donald Trump: I would do it.

Dan Bongino: And that way everybody knows it's real.

Donald Trump: I would.

Dan Bongino: So, deeply -- I'm sorry to put you on the spot, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's all right.

Dan Bongino: I just -- I think we could raise a fortune for Franklin Graham.

Donald Trump: Nice -- nice --

Dan Bongino: You like that? Someone made -- a listener made it.

Donald Trump: Plenty of movement on it.

Dan Bongino: And we are going to auction this off and everything -- Franklin Graham, Samaritan's Purse coming your way. I know you like Franklin a lot.

Donald Trump: He's doing a great job.

Dan Bongino: He's doing an amazing job. I just want to make sure everybody knows it's real.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you who's not doing a good job? Kamala. She's not doing a good job.

Dan Bongino: The worst. You're right, Biden was better. They were better off with him there. We are going to raise a fortune for charity, 100 percent of charity. You see it folks, President Donald J. Trump. Justin, grab that Sharpie. We appreciate it so much. Uh, Mr. President, thanks a lot. Best of luck in the campaign.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.