Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-michael-berry-guest-host-podcast-december-28-2021

Michael Berry: President Trump, how are you, sir?

Donald Trump: Hi, Michael, how are you?

Michael Berry: I am delightful. You seem to be having a lot of fun.

Donald Trump: I do -- I do. We had a bad election. The election was rigged and stolen. And like we're a third-world country and it's a disgrace. Uh, Arizona, Georgia, Pennsylvania, uh, and others. It's -- it was an absolute disgrace. We'll see what happens. We'll see how it all turns out.

Michael Berry: If Republicans had stood up for you up and down the ranks, I don't think it would have happened. A lot of people betrayed you that should have -- that were expected to do better.

Donald Trump: You're right.

Michael Berry: How did that make you feel, especially in Georgia?

Donald Trump: Well, you're right, Georgia was bad and we won by a lot and it's all coming out. That's the thing. And you know they say, oh, well, it's too late. I don't -- what's too late? Why is it too late if there's fraud committed? And there's fraud all over the place. But you're right, if a guy like Mitch McConnell, if Mike Pence didn't turn over the votes, I mean, he should have sent them back to legislatures.

Donald Trump: When you have more people -- if you look at -- when you have more votes than you have people voting, what's worse than that? You don't have to go into machines, you don't have to go in. You have more votes than you have people voting. He shouldn't have turned them. He should have sent them back to the legislatures.

Donald Trump: I think you would have had a much different result. Because by that time, they were starting to see all of the irregularities and corruption. And Mitch McConnell is a terrible leader. I mean, what he's doing now in letting these bills get approved by the Democrats is -- he's weak and the only way he leads is by giving campaign contributions that he raises because of his position to, you know, to Senators.

Donald Trump: But they know and they're having a lot of problem with it, but he allowed it to happen. He should have never allowed that election. Can you imagine if Schumer were in his position on January 20 or January 6? Can you imagine Schumer saying, oh, we'll accept the election? He did. And as soon as he accepted it, they signed 17 executive orders that were a total disaster for our country, a disaster.

Donald Trump: So, Mitch McConnell is not a leader, and he ought to be overthrown by the Republicans and fast.

Michael Berry: Who surprised you the most by being someone that stood strong and resolute beside you and came up big? Because so many people seem to have really disappointed you and us.

Donald Trump: Right, well, obviously when -- you know, once they were going to impeach Bill Barr, they were going to impeach him, he changed. He unfortunately changed totally. I would say that if you look at some of the great Republicans we have though, we have Jim Jordan, Devin Nunes who now is, you know, he's going to be coming with me and we're going to do something so that people that watch your show and listen to your show, they can have their voice, you know, their voice is going to be big.

Donald Trump: It's Truth Social, it's going to be great. You know the -- the other side hates the idea that I got the word truth.

Michael Berry: Right.

Donald Trump: But instead of a tweet it's going to be a truth. So -- but we have Devin Nunes and many, many people. Look, I've had -- I've had tremendous support, but a lot of the main ones I wish -- Mike, I got along very well with Mike Pence, but I wish he would have had the courage to send those bad votes back to the legislatures.

Donald Trump: I'm not even saying do what Thomas Jefferson did. I said, you know -- I said Mike, you can be Thomas Jefferson or you can be Mike Pence and, uh, you know, it was too bad what he did. It was too bad what he did.

Michael Berry: He chose to be Mike Pence. What are you most proud of as president, because it was four great years?

Donald Trump: So, we did so much. It was, uh -- that's why we did a book recently of pictures. It's, uh, and it's done fantastically well. It just got released. They sold 150,000 copies in a short -- in a few days. Uh, and it was really just celebrating all the things we did because right now it's so bad. When you look at the Afghan withdrawal, which was a surrender with $85 billion worth of equipment left behind, and Americans left behind and soldiers killed.

Donald Trump: And with us, we didn't lose -- I didn't lose a soldier in 18 months. I spoke to the head of the Taliban Abdul. I said Abdul, you're not going to do it. Don't do it, Abdul, and he was 100 percent. I'll be honest. He was -- 18 months, we didn't lose one soldier, and then they had all that catastrophe when these idiots moved the military before they moved the people.

Donald Trump: Think of it, they moved the military out, Michael, before they moved the people out and before they got the equipment out and I said we're not going to leave one nail. We're not going to leave one screw or bolt. We're not going to leave planes. And you know Milley, I don't know if you know Milley said sir, I think it's cheaper to leave the equipment than to take it. I said, really?

Donald Trump: It's cheaper to leave a $70 million airplane than to fill it up with a half a tank of gasoline and fly it to some neighboring state or back to America? So, that was terrible. The -- the borders are terrible. The open borders that we have, millions of people are pouring into our country. We have no idea who they are.

Donald Trump: You know, countries are dropping all of their -- they're opening their prisons, Michael, and dropping the people in like we're a dumping ground. We're a dumping ground for the world. Many countries are emptying their prisons into our country and then you have inflation, you have all sorts of things. I mean, look, it's a whole different world than what it was.

Donald Trump: And I believe, I saw the right way, wrong way, pole where so many people think our country is headed in the wrong direction. And you know, I just want to find out who are the 30 percent of the people that aren't saying the wrong way? Where do these people come from? But we're going to -- we're going to do things and we're going to make it great again.

Donald Trump: We did it -- I think we had it to the highest level it's ever been and very quickly the drugs, you know, I don't know if you know the drugs pouring through the southern border, I added to the lowest number in 35 years. Now it's five times worse than the worst number. They flow in just like nobody's ever seen.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Michael Berry: Mr. President, how many minutes will you be --

Donald Trump: You know, I have a great man sitting next to me, a man named Gary Player. He won 168 tournaments and 18 majors, nine and nine, nine seniors. So, I don't know if you're a golfer, but Gary's great.

Michael Berry: Well, yes, he is.

Donald Trump: He's a great man.

Michael Berry: If I had to put everything I have on one shot, you versus Gary Player, and you have to beat him as great as he is, what club would you have the best shot at beating him with?

Donald Trump: Oh, that's a good one. Gary, he said this is a fan of yours. Are you a golfer, Michael?

Michael Berry: I am not. I'm a golf fan, I'm not a -- I'm not much of a player.

Donald Trump: So, he wants to know if I had one shot, one shot to beat Gary Player, which is virtually impossible, what would it be? Maybe a putt, OK. Let me have a putter because I like that putt. So, I don't know, those putts mean so much. That little a little -- a three footer is the same as a 300 yard drive, right?

Michael Berry: Well, you know Tiger Woods said you drive for show, you putt for dough, so that's --

Donald Trump: That's absolutely, so you know enough about it. That's true, Michael.

Michael Berry: Mr. President, how many minutes into your presidency before you fire Fauci in your next term?

Donald Trump: Well, I would do that, but you know when you do that there are repercussions because you do have a large country and you do have opposing views. You have to remember, I didn't listen to them because I understood pretty early on, he didn't know too much about what he was talking about. It started with the masks.

Donald Trump: Don't wear masks, don't wear masks and all of a sudden he's a radical masker, wear ten masks at one time if you can. You know, he went from no masks to go all the way like, like as many as you can. Um, he also said no, don't close it to China, don't close it to Europe and I close it to China and Europe. It didn't really -- I got the vaccine done.

Donald Trump: He wasn't a big believer in the vaccine because he didn't -- he thought it would take too long. I got it done in nine months. That's a big thing. You know we can't -- and by the way should be no mandates. None of that stuff, you have to have your freedom, but having -- you know, having gotten great vaccines done in nine months instead of 5 to 12 years was a big achievement.

Donald Trump: Saved tens of millions of lives all over the world. I wasn't a big -- I wasn't a big fan of his. I didn't listen to him, too much, maybe almost at all, but a lot of people say I could have fired him. It could have gone either way.

Michael Berry: President Trump. Thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Make sure you look me up, make sure you look me up, and I'll see you then. You take care of yourself.

Michael Berry: Thank you, buddy.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Michael.