Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-hugh-hewitt-radio-december-8-2021

Hugh Hewitt: I'm joined now by former president of the United States, Donald Trump. Mr. President, good morning. Merry Christmas to you.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Thank you.

Hugh Hewitt: I was just talking about Boris Johnson, your friend, and your friend, Nigel Farage, so let's begin with breaking news, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: All right.

Hugh Hewitt: Boris is in big trouble because, Nigel is so angry, as is the House of Commons, because they had a Christmas party at Number 10 last year while Boris cancelled Christmas. Do you think he survives this?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know if he actually cancelled Christmas. I know Boris very well, but he has seemed to have gone further left. And his whole stance on the environment has changed quite a bit. And I'm not sure that people are loving it, but I always had a good relationship with him. I don't exactly know what he's doing.

Donald Trump: He's a little bit different than he was, and I imagine that Nigel is exactly as, what you're telling me is Nigel's not exactly thrilled, right?

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, Nigel called out the government as being old, Etonian, Oxbridge elitists who were having wine and cheese and playing games while the rest of the country had to stay away from their loved ones. Oh, I've never heard Nigel that angry at Boris.

Donald Trump: Wow. Well, he's very upset with Boris on the environment, and what's happening with respect to environmental things. And certainly, Boris has changed on that. But you know, what am I going to do? It's one of the few cases, I get along with both of them, Hugh. You know, I get along with both of them.

Hugh Hewitt: Okay.

Donald Trump: Maybe I'll keep it that way for a little while. But you know, there is a change. There's no question about it.

Hugh Hewitt: Let me ask you about Sidney Powell. The Washington Post yesterday reported that she raised more than 14 million on the election litigation. Did you know about that?

Donald Trump: No, she was, she didn't work for me. She was a lawyer that was representing General Flynn and some others, and she never officially, now she was on our side from the standpoint, I guess, you know, from the standpoint of what she was doing, but she didn't work for me as per se. She worked for General Flynn and others.

Donald Trump: And I disagree with some of the things that she's doing, and some of the statements that she made, as you know.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: But I didn't see the story, no.

Hugh Hewitt: Okay. Last night at a Christmas party book party that Keith Krach, who worked for you at State Department, gave for Stan McChrystal. A fellow named Len Khodorkovsky, who I know very well, he worked for you at State, loves you, came up to me and said, we were talking and I said I'm going to interview the president tomorrow.

Hugh Hewitt: He said tell him not only is he the best president ever for Israel, he's the best president for Christmas. He saved Christmas. What do you think about that?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a good man. It's true, though. You know, when I was running, 2016, Christmas was like you couldn't say the word. I said the word. And I said we're going to bring back Christmas, and we're going to be saying Christmas. And you know, department stores weren't using it in ads, little things like they'd show snow, and they'd show a red wall, but they wouldn't say Merry Christmas.

Donald Trump: And I think we brought it all the way back. And we can do it with other things. I look at what's happening, and you know, this whole female athlete thing is a very big deal, too. I see that a record, a swimming record was broken by 18 seconds, another one was broken by 38 seconds, okay? You know what 38 seconds is, right?

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we have to bring back the female athlete. This is just crazy what's going on. These records, you know, one record held up for many, many years, and if they break it by one-eighth of a second, that's a lot. You don't break it by like 36 seconds and 18 seconds. It's ridiculous what's going one.

Hugh Hewitt: Only Bob Beaman in the long jump, if you remember that.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Hugh Hewitt: Bob Beaman shattered. That was a big one.

Donald Trump: Yeah, he's about it.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But even that wasn't relatively like this.

Hugh Hewitt: No, it wasn't.

Donald Trump: This is crazy. I look forward to seeing what happens with respect to the weightlifting records. That'll be interesting.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah. Now you have a book coming out, Mr. President, Our Journey Together.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: Which is available at www.45books.com. I had not heard about that until I called you up to ask you to come on. And your team sent me a note about this. What is Our Journey Together about?

Donald Trump: So it's a book of pictures, largely, with statements, but a book of pictures. And I did it at the request of some, because we had a great presidency. Even though we were surrounded by maniacs that were looking to do damage, but we had a great presidency in terms of what we, we rebuilt the military. We cut taxes more than, you know, the biggest tax cut in history, as you know, biggest regulation cuts in history.

Donald Trump: What we've done was just amazing. And it was, you know, in many ways, it was a great time. It was a nasty time, because the Democrats are absolutely crazed -- two impeachment hoaxes, you look at the Mueller witch hunt, we went through so much, and yet we got more done that virtually anybody. I mean, you just take a look at what we did.

Donald Trump: And we had a tremendous foreign policy. You didn't have planes flying over Taiwan, and he understood that. You didn't have planes, bombers flying over Taiwan. You didn't have what's happening on Ukraine. You didn't have this. I mean, this looks like it's very serious stuff. They don't respect us anymore.

Donald Trump: And then when you add in the worst, in my opinion, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, which is the withdrawal from, the way they did the withdrawal from, I mean, Afghanistan, I've never, I've never seen anything, in all the years I've been doing this stuff, and I've been watching it just like you have, and I've been involved with it as you are, I've never seen anything worse than the, or more embarrassing, than what we did with Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: We lost soldiers, by the way, many, many very severely wounded that nobody even talks about, we left hostages. We left American citizens behind. We left 85 billion dollars worth of brand-new beautiful equipment, much of it behind. I've never seen anything like it in my life. And I had that so perfect. Every screw, every nail, every bolt was going to be taken out.

Donald Trump: Every tank, we would have taken everything. We were even taking down the hangars. And we were keeping Bagram not because of Afghanistan. You know, it was billions of dollars to build it. We were keeping it because it's one hour from the Chinese nuclear plant.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: That's where they make their nuclear weapons. Can you imagine?

Hugh Hewitt: Well, Mr. President, that brings me, there are two other books out I want to talk about. Mark Meadows, your chief of staff, and my friend and your friend --

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: -- has a new book out in which he writes, it just came out yesterday, "In the last year of the Trump administration, it was Ambassador Robert O'Brien who would step in when Secretary of Defense Mark Esper went AWOL.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: He says he went scuba diving. You couldn't find him, and that, "When it, Esper was effective at making small decisions on cancelling clergy in California or authorizing the latest woke training material, but when it came to critical decisions that affected our national security, it was Robert O'Brien whom I relied on." Secretary Esper has a book coming out in May.

Hugh Hewitt: I haven't seen that, yet. Is Mark Meadows right about Secretary Esper being AWOL and you having to rely on Robert O'Brien?

Donald Trump: Well, he was a, yeah, he was recommended by some people. He was a very ineffective guy. He was, he'd send letters out to the military talking about their rights, talking about their rights. These are soldiers that you don't talk about rights. You want to have soldiers prepared to fight. He was not effective.

Donald Trump: He was not, he was not one of our good ones, I can tell you. We had some great people, and we have some great generals, but not the guys you see on television. But Esper was not, I call him Yesper, because he always seemed to say yes. We called him Yesper. No, I was not a fan of Yesper.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, Meadows credits my friend, O'Brien, as being the guy you leaned on. That will make Esper mad at O'Brien, I assume. But is that correct?

Donald Trump: Well, O'Brien was very talented. You know, he was our hostage negotiator.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: And we had an unblemished record. We got back everybody. The saddest was Otto. We got Otto back from North Korea, and he came back in very bad shape. That was a rough, rough deal. We got him back, but he was, that should have been done much earlier by the Obama administration. They could have done it, but we got three others back from North Korea, but we got them back from everywhere.

Hugh Hewitt: And O'Brien always tells me you never paid money. You never paid a dollar.

Donald Trump: We never paid money, no. Once you pay money, then they're going to take your, then they'll even take you. They'll take the great Hugh Hewitt, and that would be, I'd probably leave you. I probably wouldn't do a --

Hugh Hewitt: I kind of assumed that would be the case, Mr. President. I hope not, but --

Donald Trump: [Laughs]

Hugh Hewitt: Okay, I want to ask you about 2024.

Donald Trump: No, Robert, Robert was a good man, Hugh. He's a friend of yours, I guess, but Robert was a good man, did a good job.

Hugh Hewitt: I want to talk to you about 2024. I told you in the run up that I know you won't answer this question, so I've reframed it, Mr. President. If, you know your base better then anybody. You know, the people who come to the rallies. If Donald Trump decides not to run in 2024, who out there will that base flock to?

Donald Trump: If I do decide that, I think my base is going to be very angry.

Hugh Hewitt: Well, it will, but they'll still have to find somebody.

Donald Trump: They will be very angry. I think we have a couple of people that are, would be very good, but it's, you know, very early. It's very, very early, but I will tell you, you look at the polls and you look at what's going on, and you look at the endorsements where, I think 152-2 on endorsements. You saw the story yesterday that came out, the endorsement.

Donald Trump: And I take that very seriously. You know, I spent a lot of time talking to people about endorsement. They all want the endorsement of Trump. You remember for years, you heard the expression an endorsement isn't worth the paper it's written on. And then this whole thing came along, and it's a very, it's a very important, it's a very important treasure.

Donald Trump: So you know, I spent a lot of time doing that. Now I think that we'll see what happens after, right after the midterms. I think we're going to have a great '22. And I think we should have a really incredible, you know, '24. But remember this. They cheat like hell in the elections. What happened should never be allowed, what happened, and we're not forgetting it. And many things are going on right now, but we have to be careful.

Donald Trump: We have to be careful, because what they do, what they do is a disgrace.

Hugh Hewitt: Your friend, John Solomon, your friend, John Solomon, I want to give him credit for this line --

Donald Trump: John Solomon is great.

Hugh Hewitt: He told me last week, we were at a Heritage meeting together --

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: He said President Trump should stay king of the Republican Party and not run. If you decide to stay king and just reign as sort of the guy in the back and the head of state of the Republican Party, who will your people flock to? You know who's running. It's, you know, Pompeo and DeSantis, Tim Scott, Rick Scott, Tom Cotton, these are the frontrunners -- Ted Cruz was on yesterday.

Hugh Hewitt: Who will they flock to?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll tell you about that in about one year from now. We'll have another phone call, maybe before that. But I'll discuss that subject right after the midterms. I know exactly, I mean, I have two or three that I think would be very good. But I'll make my decision, and it seems that if you look at the polls, I think we're at 96% of the Republican Party approval, 96%, which is a great honor.

Donald Trump: We did a great job. We did a great job for the country, and I have never seen anything like what's happening right now at the borders, with that withdrawal from Afghanistan, with the economy, with inflation. Look at inflation. Inflation is going to be eating you alive. Energy prices, we were energy independent, and now we're going begging OPEC please send us oil, we have no oil, please send us oil.

Donald Trump: California just hit 7, 7.75 in certain areas of California. Can you believe it?

Hugh Hewitt: I can't.

Donald Trump: It was 1.86 when I left.

Hugh Hewitt: Now I think personally, your greatest achievement is probably the Abraham Accords, and Operation Warp Speed. But the longest-lasting --

Donald Trump: Well, that's another thing, that's right.

Hugh Hewitt: -- the longest-lasting achievement will be the three justices on the Supreme Court. I believe Roe and Casey are going to be overturned because of your appointments to the Supreme Court. Do you agree with that prediction?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that what I'm reading from certain experts, and based on what they just heard last week, a lot of people are saying you're right, so we'll see what happens.

Hugh Hewitt: That will make your appointments the most enduring legacy of your presidency.

Donald Trump: Well, I've heard that. Look, I've also appointed almost 300 federal judges.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: People don't know that, but I've appointed approximately 30%, some people say about 32% of the judges. And we have great judges. We have some incredible judges, which are very important. I also did the three justices. And it's a very big moment. I mean, we'll see what happens, but it's, some big things are before them right now, as you know better than anybody.

Hugh Hewitt: And you had also deterred Russia from what it's doing on the border of Ukraine right now. Putin wouldn't have dared do this. It happened under Obama when he invaded Crimea.

Donald Trump: He would have never done it, no.

Hugh Hewitt: And President Obama, and so what should --

Donald Trump: He would have never done it. And look, I was tougher, I got along great with Putin. I liked him. He liked me, but he would have never done this under any circumstances. Remember this. I was tougher on Russia than anybody by far. And I watched these lowlifes like Shifty Schiff say Russia, Russia. Let me tell you, I did something that nobody would even have thought of. I ended their pipeline, Nordstream2. I ended it, the biggest in the world, their most important treasure, and I ended it. Nobody would have done that.

Donald Trump: And Biden comes in, his son got 3.5 million dollars from the wife of the mayor of Moscow. Biden comes in and he immediately approves it. And then they say oh, Russia. There was nobody tougher on Russia than me, nobody.

Hugh Hewitt: I agree with that. I do not know about the Hunter Biden story, so I'm not going to agree with that, but I agree that no one was tougher on Russia than you. Now let's turn to your other, "friend". President Xi is a killer. He's got a genocide going on in China.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: Should we have anything to do with these Olympics? I know you have to get along with the people that are there when you take office, but it's a genocide, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So Jimmy Carter did the Olympic thing, and it didn't work out. And we have a much, we have much bigger things that we can do. I had a very good relationship until COVID came in. I made an unbelievable trade deal for the farmers and manufacturers. That's why the farmers are all rich right now. I said go out and buy a bigger tractor and more land, and it turned out that I was right.

Donald Trump: China bought, you know, billions and billions of dollars for, but once COVID came in, I forgot about trade deals. I forgot, it was just too big. It was too disgusting, too horrible. No, China has hurt our country, and it's hurt the world very badly, hurt the world worse than they've hurt us, you know, relatively speaking.

Hugh Hewitt: Do you think General-Secretary Xi knew about COVID and let it spread without doing anything because he didn't want to be disadvantaged?

Donald Trump: Well, I happen to think yeah, I happen to think that look, the question that you're really asking is did they do it on purpose, and I don't think so. You know, don't want to be naive. There are many people that I respect that do think so, okay? And a lot of people think they did it so that I would lose the election, but I got 12 million more votes than I got the first time.

Donald Trump: So obviously, something happened. You know, I was told if you get 63 million, which I got in 2016, you get 63 million votes, you win. I got 75 million votes. I got 12 million more, more than any other sitting president ever by far, not even close. Usually, they get less, like Obama got less his second time.

Donald Trump: But I got 12 million more, a record, and lost. And a lot of people think that if he did it, he did it for that reason, because of the tariffs and other things. You know, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China under me. Prior to me, we never took in ten cents, not one dollar did we take in. They were ripping us. And you know, that's, in fact, I notice that the Obama people don't have the economic courage to end the tariffs.

Donald Trump: They were talking about we're going to end the tariffs. Well, it's so much money is pouring in on the tariffs, and companies are leaving and coming back to the United States and going other places.

Hugh Hewitt: Let me understand you, Mr. President. Are you saying that President, General-Secretary Xi may have unleashed the virus, or at least allowed it to spread recklessly because he wanted you to lose?

Donald Trump: Well, I think there's a theory out there. That's certainly one of many theories, because I was doing very well against China. We rebuilt our military. We did things that nobody thought possible. In that period of time, we rebuilt our military. We created Space Force, which they hate, by the way.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes, they do.

Donald Trump: They were taking over space.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes, they do.

Donald Trump: And they hate it. They hated everything I did. I got along with him great on a personal, it's like Putin. I get along with him, and I got along with Xi great. I got along with all of them. I get along with Kim Jung Un. The ones I didn't get along with were the weak ones. The weak ones, I didn't get along with.

Donald Trump: The tough ones, I got along with. Hugh, someday, you'll explain that. But what I did to Russia with the pipeline, and then to hear that oh, Trump was not strong, I was strong. I sanctioned the most important people in Russia. When these guys came in, they released the sanctions. And look at Iran. I had Iran, they would have made a deal with me in the first week, Hugh, in the first week.

Donald Trump: If I had won the election, which I did, they would have made a deal with me in the first week. Now, they want reparations. They're asking for money. They don't even want to talk. They won't even talk to the Americans. The Americans can't even get into a room with these guys. They would have had a deal. You know what they did?

Donald Trump: They weakened my sanctions so much, and now the other thing that happened is China's going in and taking oil like they've never done before. They didn't do that with me. I told them you can't buy oil from Iran, and he didn't buy it, very little. He didn't buy oil from Iran. He understood that.

Hugh Hewitt: You know, Mr. President, you and I disagree about the election, but we agree on so much. So I want to ask especially about the hypersonics that China launched. Did you know they were coming? This is a game-changing weapon that they have launched on President Biden's watch.

Donald Trump: I agree.

Hugh Hewitt: Did you know they were about to do that?

Donald Trump: I knew that, I started it. So Russia started it after they got our information. You know, somebody gave them, during the Obama administration, everything we had on hypersonics. And Russia did it, and what I did is a catch-up program. And we've caught up, largely caught up. But what happened is Russia got it, and then China got it perhaps from Russia.

Donald Trump: I doubt they did it themselves. They got it perhaps from Russia, maybe from some bad spy in the United States. But you know what happened. They, Russia got the how-to, the knowledge, from the United States. They did it, and Obama didn't do it. I caught up with it. How China got the information, I don't know, but I had heard that they had information.

Donald Trump: But we, we've started that program very heavy under my administration. I don't know what they're doing about it now with Biden. I really don't know.

Hugh Hewitt: I have two last question, Mr. President. I think your team is calling. You always, I love talking to you, and you're always the best interview in America. Is President Biden or Vice President Harris tough enough to deal with Russia and China?

Donald Trump: I think you know the answer to that. And it's not just a question of tough. I know a lot of tough people that are stupid. I know a lot of stupid people that aren't tough enough, and I know a lot of stupid people that frankly are very tough. Those are the most dangerous, actually.

Hugh Hewitt: Yes.

Donald Trump: So you know, there are lot of different answers to your question. When you talk tough, knowledgeable, negotiating ability, I mean, I looked yesterday at the two of them, and I sort of said this is the Pittsburgh Steelers in their prime playing against your high school football team, because things were given up at that meeting that were terrible.

Donald Trump: Look, the bottom line is Putin would have never done this with me. He would have never done it. And you know, they always talk about, they don't talk about the real thing that he's afraid of, which is war. He doesn't want war. They talk about, we're going to put sanctions on if they go in. Well, for sanctions, it's worthwhile for him to go in. What kind of negotiator, I, they kept saying sanctions, well, he would love to have sanctions if he could take over Ukraine.

Donald Trump: He'd take them, and then in two years, the sanctions come off like they always do, et cetera, et cetera. Now they don't talk, there was nothing scary about that meeting. Putin walked away from that meeting saying wow, that was nice.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, I'm afraid you're right. I am afraid you're right. Last question, Mr. President, is off topic of the news. When I first interviewed you in 2015, and we've had a lot of these conversations, I'm the only guy that ever asked you about your childhood and your upbringing. You went to Marble Collegiate Church.

Hugh Hewitt: You heard Norman Vincent Peale.

Donald Trump: Right.

Hugh Hewitt: Is that where you would spend Christmas? I mean, what did the Trump family Christmas look like?

Donald Trump: I would. Yeah, Norman Vincent Peale was one of the greats, and a man of religion, also one of the great speakers. He could get up and give a sermon, and it was one of the few times you really wanted to stay.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, I know that.

Donald Trump: You'd say I wish he'd go on longer. He was fantastic, and the Power of Positive Thinking. He wrote a book called The Power of Positive Thinking, which today still has records. It was a fantastic book, and wrote it a long time ago. But it's, you know, there's a lot of truth to it. But Norman Vincent Peale gave the greatest sermons, and that church was packed.

Donald Trump: I remember I'd go there not just for Christmas, either. You'd go there on a Sunday, and if you didn't know your way around, you couldn't get into the church, or they'd have you sitting out on 5th Avenue where they'd put screens up.

Hugh Hewitt: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: He was a great guy. I didn't know that you knew him or listened to him.

Hugh Hewitt: I know of him. I've never met him.

Donald Trump: He was fantastic.

Hugh Hewitt: But was the Trump family Christmas at Marble Collegiate? What was the Trump family Christmas like with your mom and brothers and sisters?

Donald Trump: Well, we had Christmas dinners in Queens. And usually, we'd go to a Midnight service, but we'd have Christmas dinners in Queens, in Jamaica Estates, Queens at my parents' house. And it was, that went on for a lot of years. It was great. It was a great time.

Hugh Hewitt: I know you lost your brother --

Donald Trump: By the way, one thing I'd like to bring up, one thing I'd like to bring up --

Hugh Hewitt: Sure.

Donald Trump: -- is the debt ceiling situation. So Mitch McConnell has the greatest hand, the greatest, the best, this is such an easy negotiation to kill the Build Back Worse plan of Biden, which is going to destroy our country permanently. It's going to change the fabric of our country, what they're doing, between the Green New Deal stuff, the woke stuff, all of the things that they're doing, the cancel culture.

Donald Trump: This is going to really hurt our country. And we have a thing called the debt ceiling. And this morning, I hear he gave it up. He gave it up for practically nothing. He could have used the debt ceiling card. As an example, he did a couple of things. He gave them a two-month extension to get their act together, and they got their act together.

Donald Trump: Good going. Mitch McConnell, when he gave them the two-month extension, when he allowed them to break up the bill, so they had the infrastructure bill, which is only 11% infrastructure, I call is the "unfrastructure" bill, when he broke up the bill, it made it much easier for him to get the current one, which is really the destructive one, passed.

Donald Trump: He could have used the debt ceiling. He gave it up. And just out of curiosity, why didn't he get the wall? Why, because we had the wall just about complete. Another month, it would have been complete. He should have demanded it in the infrastructure bill when he gave that one up with 19 Senators, Republicans, voting for it, a real good victory for the Democrats.

Donald Trump: He should have demanded at least that they finish the wall.

Hugh Hewitt: You know, Mr. President, what I don't understand was when Leader McConnell comes on this show, and he does often, he always compliments your judges and your Supreme Court justices. He always says nice things about you. And as a Republican, and as someone who wants to win in 2022, I want everyone to focus on Joe Biden and this Build Back Better bill is the worst bill I have ever seen.

Hugh Hewitt: It's two trillion dollars of inflation.

Donald Trump: I know. And you could stop it. You could stop it. And if you don't stop it, that's far more destructive than anything that the debt ceiling can do.

Hugh Hewitt: I agree.

Donald Trump: The debt ceiling is psychological. This is not psychological. This is fact. This will destroy our country, the fabric of the country as we know it. And it's really at least a five trillion dollar bill.

Hugh Hewitt: I agree.

Donald Trump: It's not 1.7. It's at least, the Wharton School of Finance where I went, very smart people, they came out, they said it's close to five trillion dollars, and I think they're low. I think it's going to be quite a bit higher than that.

Hugh Hewitt: What I don't understand, if I go to West Virginia, I can't find anyone who didn't vote for Donald Trump. Why would Joe Manchin vote for this? Have you called him?

Donald Trump: Well, I know this, that Joe will eventually fold. That's what I know. So Joe's going to fold, and that's going to be that. But listen, this is just crazy that they got 19 Republican senators to vote for the "unfrastructure" bill? 19? And why didn't we at least, if you're going to do that, get some things in there that we wanted?

Hugh Hewitt: Well, I got my bridge in Ohio, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Why didn't we finish the wall?

Hugh Hewitt: I like some of the infrastructure bill. I have to admit, I would have voted for it. I'm one of those 19.

Donald Trump: But it's only 11% infrastructure. You're wasting --

Hugh Hewitt: I know.

Donald Trump: You're spending a lot of money for the 11%. You're throwing money out the window. You're throwing tremendous amounts of money out of the window in order to get 11%. But the worst bill --

Hugh Hewitt: I think the reasons the Republicans went along --

Donald Trump: The worst bill is the current one. The worst bill is the current one.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah, I think the Republicans went along because they thought it would stop BBB, because BBB is so awful. Mr. President, your team is mad at me.

Donald Trump: By the way, it made it much easier to get, by them approving that, it's just the opposite. It made it much easier for them to get this one approved, which they will be able to do.

Hugh Hewitt: That's a fair argument. We disagree, but that's a fair argument.

Donald Trump: Okay, well --

Hugh Hewitt: Let me conclude by your book again --

Donald Trump: I'll be right.

Hugh Hewitt: I want, you know, I love that you come back and talk to me about this. I want to go back to www.45books.com. It doesn't come out until January, but people can order it now, am I right about that?

Donald Trump: Yes. They can. It's doing great.

Hugh Hewitt: Okay.

Donald Trump: And I think they'll really like it, and it's a beautiful picture of four great years for our country. And our country now is at a point that I don't think it's ever been so low. It's not respected. The world is laughing at us between our borders, where millions of people are coming in every couple of months, millions and millions of people, they're emptying our jails into our country from other countries.

Donald Trump: Our country has never been so disrespected as it is right now. It's a laughing stock all over the world.

Hugh Hewitt: Okay, my last question, Mr. President. This is important. I think you're going to run again. I think you're going to win. But my question is if you get hit by a truck, if a meteor hits Donald Trump, or the Iranians get you like they want to, who do you want the Republican Party to nominate? People have got to know.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you about that someday soon, okay? I'll tell you about it, but I'm not going to say anything about it now.

Hugh Hewitt: Can you narrow it down? How about five people?

Donald Trump: But I do, we have some good people. We do have some good people. I don't want to do that now. We do have some good people. We really do. We have some very good people.

Hugh Hewitt: Are you going to endorse in the Ohio Senate race?

Donald Trump: I will be at some point, yes.

Hugh Hewitt: Oh, really?

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, I'll endorse at some point. It's a very interesting race, and the Missouri race also, very interesting race. And Pennsylvania's going to be very interesting. A couple of people are getting in there now that are excellent.

Hugh Hewitt: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So we have some big endorsements coming.

Hugh Hewitt: Please don't, please don't endorse Eric Greitens. That's a nightmare, Mr. President. We'll lose that seat. But that's Hugh Hewitt's opinion, not yours.

Donald Trump: Well, that's an interesting opinion, that's true. He's right now leading by quite a bit.

Hugh Hewitt: I know, but he will lose the seat. We will lose the seat.

Donald Trump: I understand that. Okay, some people feel that.

Hugh Hewitt: Mr. President, thank you. Have a very Merry Christmas.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. You, too. Thank you.

Hugh Hewitt: Talk to you in the New Year. Bye bye.