Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sebastian-gorka-america-first-podcast-april-14-2021

Sean Hannity: Joining us now is former President Donald Trump. Well, you've got to be a pretty happy guy today. Governor DeSantis left the race yesterday and the poll numbers, I'm going to go through them with you, all have you up by a pretty significant lead. Certainly, you'd rather be in your position than Nikki Haley's position, right?

Donald Trump: Well, I think so. We've had tremendous poll numbers, really great, and I'm very honored by it. It was very interesting to watch those numbers come in over the last 24 hours. But really, longer than that. It's been very strong. People have --

Sean Hannity: You have insider advantage 62-35, which is the biggest margin. And by the way, that's post governor DeSantis leaving the race. The Saint Anselm, their final poll 52-38. You have a 17-point lead in the Boston, what is it, Suffolk University, Boston Globe poll. That's a big lead. Even fake news, CNN has you up by 11. They only had you up by seven, I think last week.

Sean Hannity: The new Monmouth Poll has you up by 18. You want me to keep going or is that enough good news for you in one day? Maybe you can't handle any more.

Donald Trump: No, we've had them up very high and they've been very high and people want change. They want this guy out. He's the worst president in the history of our country and now here we go in the Middle East again, Sean. The Middle East is rocking again with this guy. It's absolutely crazy. It's so sad to see. And it's a little more than 10 months, but you know what, that's a long time for what they can do, the damage they can do. When you look at what they've done at our border.

Donald Trump: We had the safest border of all time in the history of our country and now we have the worst border, probably in the history of the world, with millions of people coming through that should not be here.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, I've gone through the numbers of the ones that we know that came, over 600 from Iran, the number one state sponsor of terror. Their proxy Syria, over 500, and then it gets worse from there. And then I read about the economy today and what is one of the top stories, is that we're allowing the communist Chinese to buy up thousands and thousands of acres of farmland, ranch land and land near military institutions.

Sean Hannity: Now, do you think President Xi is going to allow you to invest in China and buy property, similar property in their country?

Donald Trump: Well, not only that, and a very big thing, the ages from 18 to 25, that's called fighting age. So what's this all about? It's from 18 to 25, and very few women. It's not like families are coming in to settle down and to have the American dream. These are fighting ages. We have them coming from the Middle East.

Donald Trump: We have them coming from all over the world and we do, we have a lot a lot from China, 27,000, 28,000 from China.

Sean Hannity: Well, as I look at this, look, we've had now close to 10 million, if not over 10 million with gotaways, illegal immigrants coming in under Joe Biden's open border policies. He undid on day one, everything that you were doing to control our border. Stay in Mexico, it was working, building a wall, repairing wall.

Sean Hannity: I think you said over 500 miles worth and you only had a little bit more to go. And they've actually now taken down portions of that wall.

Donald Trump: So Sean, we built 561 miles of wall, which is much more than I said I was going to do. And this was very difficult because we had to go through not only the Democrats but Mitch McConnell, which was in many ways worse than the Democrats. And I took the money out of the military. I said, this is an invasion of our country, and I ended up taking it out of the military.

Donald Trump: And we built 561 and we're ready to put up another, literally in three weeks it would have been done. We bought it. We were going to do another 200 miles worth of wall, and it was working so well. And I got Mexico, as you know, to give us 28,000 soldiers to guard our border under the threat of tariffs and various other things that I do. But I got them to do something that there was not even a chance of anyone else getting them to do. And you saw that.

Donald Trump: We had the best -- we had the safest border we've ever had. And that included for human trafficking, which is such a problem that few people even talk about. We had the lowest numbers in terms of human trafficking. We had the best border we've ever had. Drugs were way, way down. By the way, drugs now are nine times higher than they were three years ago, drugs coming into our country.

Donald Trump: Nobody even checks anymore. They just pour through our country. These people must hate our country because what they've done, and we have another policy that I had to get with Mexico and they agreed to it, not happily. It's called Remain in Mexico. You have to stay in Mexico, no more coming into our country before we check.

Donald Trump: And you're right, they come in totally unchecked, totally, they call it unvetted. And they're pouring into our country now and they're coming from prisons, mental institutions, and you have a lot of terrorists coming in. And only bad things can happen, only bad things can happen.

Sean Hannity: You know, there was a period of time when it was pretty big news because years before 9/11 you had specifically mentioned the name Osama bin Laden. Most Americans had never heard of Osama bin Laden at the time that you mentioned it. And you said, you better keep an eye on this guy. And I don't know, maybe you just have a gut instinct, but I am looking at what's the chaos that Joe Biden has created on the border and they've lied to us. Repeatedly, they say the border is closed, the border is secure.

Sean Hannity: No, it's not closed. And no, it's not secure. And I'm sick and tired of being lied to. And I just, to me, if you asked me to give my best guess, I think it's 100 percent certain, and I pray to God I'm wrong, that we have terror cells in our country, plotting, planning, scheming, that walk through that southern border because of Joe Biden's policies.

Sean Hannity: What do you think the odds are that I'm likely correct?

Donald Trump: 100 percent. There's no question that you're going to be correct. And I'm so glad you reminded the audience of that. I did, I wrote a book, one of the many. I had a lot of bestsellers, a lot of number one bestsellers, like you.

Sean Hannity: If it wasn't number one, you wouldn't talk about it. Of course, yeah, I've had four number one bestsellers.

Donald Trump: No, you've done very well. You've done well on everything and you're a great voice for our country and a very powerful voice. Thank goodness we have you.

Sean Hannity: You don't say that all the time, let's be honest.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible].

Sean Hannity: You know, what do I always say to you? I only want one thing and I know a lot of people always ask you favors. I've known that ever since I first got to know you nearly 30 years ago, if you can believe that's how far back our relationship goes.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Hannity: And I've watched you always offer your golf courses and dinners and you've got this very, very generous side. Oh, if you're going out there, you got to use my club, let me call so-and-so right now and I'll make arrangements. I've watched you do that many, many times and all I want is our country fixed. I've never worried -- I've never been this worried about our economy, our fellow Americans.

Sean Hannity: I've never been worried about the state of the world. I never thought we would have a president that didn't know what day of the week it is, but I don't think Joe really knows unless somebody tells him. He doesn't know whether to exit stage left or stage right. He can barely do any events. He did five events in 27 days and you're grinding out five events a day.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right.

Sean Hannity: I mean, how does America survive with somebody like this? Four years of more of this, we're not going to have a country.

Donald Trump: He's a low energy president. More importantly, he doesn't have good instincts for what he's doing, very bad instincts and very, very bad instincts on foreign policy, very bad instincts on energy. I mean, what he's doing with energy with an all-electric mandate, where you won't be able to buy any other form of car in a very short period of time.

Donald Trump: And they don't go far, they're very expensive and they're going to all be made in China. That's the way it works. I mean, he's got very bad instincts. He ran for president and I guess he had a good instinct for that because he wasn't given much of a chance. And circumstances gave it to him with -- Elizabeth Warren sort of gave it to him, which he didn't peel out because Bernie was going to get it, but she stayed, Pocahontas as we affectionately call her.

Donald Trump: But no, it's --

Sean Hannity: But by the way, that might be one of your best ever. I mean, because she made that false claim for how many years? That's right up there with one of your best nicknames of all time.

Donald Trump: She got into college using the name -- just throwing around the whole thing of having to do with her Indian heritage, I guess she called it and it turned out that it wasn't so. Do you remember, she went out and she did a test and it was 1,000 --

Sean Hannity: 1/1000 something. Yeah, I remember. It was like some crazy number which meant that she was full of it. That's a nice way of saying it.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Sean Hannity: Let me ask you this. When people ask about you and these poll numbers that show you will dominate in New Hampshire, and I know you don't like to think that way, and you're not going to make predictions. I know if you win by one vote, you'll be happy. I understand that. But these polls, I don't think all of them are going to be proven wrong.

Sean Hannity: The Insider Advantage poll nailed Iowa. That's the poll that has you with 62 percent of the vote, 35 percent for Nikki Haley. But people ask me, what is it, how is it possible after all that you've been through, you would think if a president gets arrested and arraigned that their poll numbers go down, or a candidate, not with you.

Sean Hannity: And the way I describe it is you defy all conventional political gravity, that that the crowds that show up at your rallies are unprecedented. The crowds showing up here in New Hampshire at your events are 10 times the size of anybody else. What do you think it is? What do you attribute this to?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm lucky that over the years I've developed a voice where people listen. I've had a great track record of success, like even when you say Osama bin Laden, I did about a year before or two years before I came out with one of the books. And I said I had seen this gentleman. I saw a gentleman, they called him a gentleman, on television, this guy turned out to be a horrible person, Osama bin Laden.

Donald Trump: I said, you better watch that guy. That guy's bad news. You better watch him. You better take him out. He's looking for bad things and he said very bad things. And I said, you better take him out and I wrote about it in the book. I have a page devoted to a guy named Osama bin Laden that nobody ever heard of. And lo and behold, a year later, a year and a half later, he ends up blowing up the World Trade Center.

Donald Trump: And it's too bad, people didn't listen, right, but they should have taken him out. They had a chance to take him out a couple of times and they didn't. So anyway, but there's a thing that I've been right -- I've been right about a lot of things. There are those that say I've been right about everything. You're right about the 100 percent, and that's going to be -- that's a very sad situation, but we're just ready -- I mean, we are just open.

Donald Trump: We have just allowed ourselves with all these millions of people coming in. I believe the number is going to be close to 15 million people by the time this guy gets out of there, and he has to get out of there because our country is not going to survive if he doesn't. He is so bad, and I don't even know, evil.

Donald Trump: There's something going on. It's hard to believe a president could be this bad. But it's the people that surround him, Sean, because I'm not even sure that he knows what's going on. It's the people that surround him. He's surrounded by fascists and communists. I know some of the people that's there. The people, Lisa Monaco, she's running the DOJ, I think much more so than Garland, and they're evil people.

Donald Trump: And they've been after me for years. They've been after me for years, these same people, and they're running it and it shouldn't be. It should almost be illegal that they're running it. But all of the things that are happening and all of the things that are happening to our country, and I think what people see is, I have a voice and it's through people like you.

Donald Trump: You've been such a big part of it, but I have a voice and when I explain it that these are all Biden indictments. These are Biden -- I call them Biden. I don't call them indictments, I call them Biden. These are designed to hurt his political opponent. So I'm his political opponent and they said, let's indict him.

Donald Trump: Now what they didn't count on is that probably my numbers are fairly substantially higher than they would have been if they didn't. That's never happened before, I would venture to guess. I don't think that's ever happened, a person gets indicted and your numbers go up. But when it happens, I explain what it is. I say, all of the things that, whether it's for election interference, which they've done everything -- they're still talking about the 2016 election, but if I do it, they indict you, all of the different things.

Donald Trump: It's a hoax. Take a look at the boxes. A report came out yesterday from CNN, of course. It was leaked that Biden is fine in the boxes. Well, he had 25 times more boxes than I had and I was covered by the Presidential Records Act, but nobody's told me that I'm fine.

Sean Hannity: No, the double standard is unreal, which is why Jim Jordan's investigation in the House Judiciary Committee is so important. All right. We continue now with President Trump. We also are broadcasting from New Hampshire today. Let's talk about governor DeSantis getting out of the race yesterday. It got contentious with both of you almost from the beginning.

Sean Hannity: I know you've explained your side, he explained his side, but you were very gracious to him yesterday on him getting out and also offering his support to you. You do have an uncanny ability of taking on people and them becoming almost like political enemies and then resolving whatever conflict you have. It seems -- I thought that was gracious of the governor to endorse you, in light of how hard you were on him.

Sean Hannity: You were not easy on him.

Donald Trump: Well, it's war, in a way, and it really is. I just want to make America great again and I'm going to do it faster and better than anybody else. People were saying about eight years. I said no, it takes eight months, not eight years. You don't need eight years. We can turn it all around. We're going to drill, baby, drill.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring down energy costs. Like in New Hampshire, they have the highest energy costs in the entire country, by far. And I'm telling them that and they know that. They're getting choked, for whatever reason, in New Hampshire. They also have per capita, probably the worst drug problem in the country.

Sean Hannity: Scary.

Donald Trump: So it's a double whammy, but all these things and we're going to straighten it out. We're going to get it done very fast. We're going to bring energy way down. That's going to really halt inflation. Now, they're trying to do that now. They're doing things that are not allowed under their super liberal system, but they're doing it because they're going to do it before the election.

Donald Trump: After the election, you're not going to use fossil fuels anymore. They're going to destroy --

Sean Hannity: Well, by the way, just before the 2022 election, Joe Biden almost completely depleted our petroleum reserves, strategic petroleum reserves and he did it for one reason, which was to flood the market with oil to reduce prices in the lead up to the midterm election. He did it and then here we are back where we started.

Donald Trump: What's happening now is that they are doing things that they're not allowed to do under the liberal system, OK? And they're drilling as much as they can, but that's peanuts. What they're doing is just extending what I was doing. We were going to make so much money from liquid gold, which is what we have right under our feet, and said, we're taking out oil from Venezuela.

Donald Trump: We're buying oil from Iran. We're buying oil from Russia. We're buying oil from everybody now. They're trying to keep the prices down, keep the lid on. The day after the election, it all ends and you're going to see prices spike like you've never seen before. It is crazy and they may get away with it, but I don't think so. I don't think the people are going to buy it and one of the things that I am doing, I'm trying to get people accustomed to the fact that this is what they do. They do this.

Donald Trump: They lie about elections, they cheat on elections. What they do brilliantly is cheat on elections and we cannot let this happen. You know, they did it in 2020. They've done it for a long time. In 2016, we got them. They weren't prepared. They said, we'll never let that happen again. Well, we're going to win so big.

Donald Trump: You know, there is a level at which they can't cheat and I see that we're up so big all over the place. I had polls come in from Florida, way up in Florida, way up in Michigan, way up in Ohio. We are at levels that nobody's seen before and people liked me and they liked me and they loved my policies, especially when it comes to the economy, etc., etc.

Donald Trump: And I think, really, foreign -- we wouldn't have Russia attacking Ukraine, we wouldn't have Israel being attacked, we wouldn't have inflation now. All of these things, all of the problems that we have right now, the Middle East would not be blowing up. We were doing the opposite. We had the Abraham Accords.

Donald Trump: We were making peace in the Middle East. You would have had every country signed up in the Middle East. Instead, they're starting to drop bombs all over the place and just watch this. This is starting two days ago, we're dropping bombs all over the Middle East again. It never ends with these people. And --

Sean Hannity: Well, let me ask you, because on the economy you've been very clear. On day one, you're going to secure our borders, you're going to bring back your border policies. On day one, you're going to push America not towards just energy independence, but towards energy dominance.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Sean Hannity: To me, that's the one way you could continue the Trump tax cuts, which I believe expire in '25. And then also begin the process, hopefully, of stop robbing our children and grandchildren with $34 trillion in debt. So on day one, those phone calls that you make, the initial calls to Zelenskyy and Putin and President Xi and Kim Jong Un and the mullahs in Iran, what are those calls going to be like?

Donald Trump: Well, I would be very foolish to say what I was going to say in terms of strategy and you wouldn't even want me to say that, but I will talk -- I get along --

Sean Hannity: Actually, I really would want you to say it, if we're going to be very honest, but go ahead.

Donald Trump: Negotiating power. But Sean, you lose your negotiating ability. I can't tell you what I'm going to do with Russia, what I'm going to say and why it's going to work. But I'm just saying, I will get them on and I will get them -- I will get that problem solved. That problem is so -- this is something that should have never happened.

Donald Trump: Russia attacking Ukraine would never have happened if I was president. He wouldn't have done it for two reasons. Oil prices would have been lower. So when he attacked them, it was $100 a barrel. He was making a fortune and he was making more with oil than they ever did. He had the money. He wouldn't have had the money to do it, but he wouldn't have done it if I said don't do it. It was not going to happen.

Donald Trump: Israel would have never been attacked because Iran was broke. I wouldn't let anybody buy oil from them. I told China, if you buy from them -- they were the biggest buyer. If you buy from Iran, oil -- take a look at what happened. If you buy from Iran, you are not going to do business in the United States, and I said that very loud, very clear.

Donald Trump: You can't do business with us, it's over, and I said that to many countries and they were broke, and they wanted to make a deal and we would have had a deal within two or three weeks after the election. I would have had a deal with Iran. No nuclear weapons. I don't want any nuclear weapons that would have been the deal.

Donald Trump: They would have been -- everybody would have been happy, but then we had the bad result in the election. By the way, got more votes than any sitting president in history. We got more votes than any president in the history of our country and yet, 75 million votes, but I think it was much higher than that.

Donald Trump: So what happens, Sean, is that all of these things that we have now, inflation, Ukraine and Russia, the attack on -- horrible attack, the horrible attack on Israel, all of these things would have never happened.

Sean Hannity: You know, I sit back and I compare and contrast your record and that record of Joe Biden, I personally can't -- I can't come up with a single policy that has benefited the American people. We now have 60 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. Yeah, I agree with you, securing our borders is a top priority.

Sean Hannity: Law and order, that's got to be a top priority. Energy dominance, that's got to be a top priority. Foreign policy, the world's thugs and dictators need to know that there's a strong America that's not going to abdicate its role on the world stage and that their geopolitical ambitions have to stop. And if not, there are going to be real consequences.

Sean Hannity: I don't think that China, Russia, I don't think the mullahs of Iran and I don't think Kim Jong Un have any respect for Joe Biden. And by not having respect, that has given them, basically, free reign to do whatever they want.

Donald Trump: Sean, there's a man named Viktor Orban. He's the Prime Minister of Hungary, and he's a very powerful man. He's a very respected man. He's a very tough guy and some people like him, some people don't, but everybody respects him over there. And he was interviewed recently and they said, what's going on with the world?

Donald Trump: The world is blowing up, you know, between the Middle East and you look at all the things with Ukraine, with Israel, with the talk of China, with Taiwan, what's going on, what is going on with the world? How would you solve this problem? He said, it's a very simple problem to solve, make Trump President of the United States.

Donald Trump: We had no problems whatsoever when he was president. And on top of it all, he defeated single-handedly, he defeated ISIS. Let Trump be president again. If he wins the presidency, it's all going to be good again. He's got to win the presidency. That was a compliment. This is from a very tough cookie, by the way, but that was a compliment.

Sean Hannity: By the way, there's not one of these world leaders that I'd never turned my back on or trust in any way, and I think you view them that way, even though you say it's better to get along with them and it's better to --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Sean Hannity: Look, they're going to look out for their countries first. You pointed this out many times, but you said, this is what the whole America First movement is about, you're going to look out for America first and I think that we have, for far too long, we've not done that and we've not had presidents working on our better behalf.

Sean Hannity: We've got to take care of our -- we have more people in poverty in this country. We've got to take care of them first. They're not getting four-star hotels in New York City, like illegal immigrants. We have homeless vets all over the country. They're not getting any support, the way the illegal immigrants have been treated.

Sean Hannity: And to me, it's just offensive. Let me ask you this because this is something that I've observed and I noticed in your answer with your interview with LJ, that you said, oh, that's a Sean Hannity question. But there has been a shift. There's been -- I'm seeing in you, I saw a very conciliatory Donald Trump give a speech after winning Iowa by the biggest margin of any Republican candidate.

Sean Hannity: I watched you say nice things about governor DeSantis last night, and I was glad that you did. I see that in your town halls, you're connecting with people in a way -- and I did a lot of town halls with you over the years. And the last one I thought was probably the best one we've ever done, and you were connecting with people that I'd never really seen before.

Sean Hannity: I just think that there seems to be a -- maybe the side of you that I've known and people close to you have known over the years, I see more of that on the campaign trail. What's happened? Is it conscious or is it just you're more relaxed?

Donald Trump: I don't know how I could describe that and I don't do anything very consciously about that. I just do what I have to do. I do what I have to do to win this election. I think --

Sean Hannity: It's a blood sport. You've got to fight. You're fighting, but you're also showing a gracious side to yourself.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I'd love to be that way all the time and I understand how to be that way. Sometimes you can't be that way. Don't forget, before I even won the election, the last election, they were spying on my campaign, OK? These people, you know, we talk about the enemy from the outside and the inside, we have a lot of bad people on the inside also.

Donald Trump: But if I were a person the way you'd like me to be all the time --

Sean Hannity: No, no, no. No, I think there's a time to fight. I mean, if you remember, it was my show and my little ensemble cast, we got the Russia hoax correct. Well, we were right about Ukraine. We were right about the real quid pro quo with Joe and Hunter. I do a very different show. Yeah, there's a time to fight.

Sean Hannity: I'm loving the Republicans looking into the weaponization of our justice system and how it's been politicized, but --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] before.

Sean Hannity: So you fight when you have to fight. But I'm just seeing, when you don't have to, I'm seeing the other side of you that I've known for a lot of years. That's all I'm saying. It's a compliment. It's not --

Donald Trump: No. Hey, Sean, it's been politicized like never before and it's a very dangerous thing. It's a horrible precedent for our country. This has never happened before, where they used the DOJ and local DA's and you know, it's all coordinated. If you look at this Fani Willis, they went to the White House, the two lovers, they went to the White House, and in Georgia, they were talking about this --

Sean Hannity: And by the way, the guy that she was paying got paid for all those hours at the White House. Was there any coordination going on? I'd like an answer to that question.

Donald Trump: Yeah, terrible, terrible situation, terrible.

Sean Hannity: Well, let me -- and then the news media out of Iowa, you're giving your -- you had the largest victory ever. The closest was Bob Dole in 1988. He had just under 13 percent. You win by 30 percent and fake news, CNN, interrupts your speech so Jake Tapper could tell us, oh, it's more anti-immigrant rhetoric.

Sean Hannity: Rachel, tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist that she is, wouldn't even take a word of your speech. And I'm like, this whole network exists just trashing you. What does that say about the media, as we give you the final minute here?

Donald Trump: Well, they're fake and they're fake news and I think I've brought that to people's attention over the last seven --

Sean Hannity: I think you tattooed it into their forehead, but go ahead.

Donald Trump: It's a very serious problem that we have. So much of the news is just corrupt. It's beyond fake. I think I'll change it to just purely corrupt. But look, they didn't take mine, but they took the person that came in third and the person that came in second, but they didn't take mine. And you know what, I was talking about strong borders and I was talking about energy independence and I was talking about all the things that you have to talk about, but they are indeed fake news.

Donald Trump: And you know what, people are getting it and they're getting it fast, and I think they're going to be coming around because nobody's buying --

Sean Hannity: Well, it's obvious they're coming around. I mean, these poll numbers are massive. What is your last words to the people of New Hampshire?

Donald Trump: We're going to make America great again. We're going to put America first. We're a laughing stock all over the world. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring energy way down. That's going to bring inflation way down. Inflation is coming back down. It's so bad right now, it's killing people.

Donald Trump: And we are going to really -- I mean, it's so simple, make America great again, very simple, common sense and we're going to have a stronger country than we ever had before.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, we always appreciate your time. By every poll I'm reading today, you should have a good day tomorrow. And I would argue from that point on, this primary may very well be over. I'm not sure if you beat Nikki Haley by a large margin, if she's going to want to go to her home state because you're up by 30 points right now as of today in South Carolina.

Sean Hannity: Mr. President, thank you as always for being with us and we will be looking forward to the primary tomorrow. We'll be covering it live. We're in New Hampshire. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, Sean.