Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-fox-business-maria-bartiromo-april-29-2021

Maria Bartiromo: Joining me right now in an exclusive interview and to discuss this and footing the bill for that additional $1.8 trillion spending plan is the 45th President of the United States, former President Donald Trump. Mr. President, thank you very much for calling in this morning.

Donald Trump: Good morning. And I thought Tim Scott, last night, was fantastic. I thought he did an incredible job. I'm not at all surprised but I thought he did a great job.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. A lot of people are talking about him perhaps being in the running for president at some point after that speech. We're going to get to that. But Mr. President, let me get your thoughts on what you heard from President Biden last night. What struck you from the joint session to Congress?

Donald Trump: Well, one thing is that he didn't discuss the border and the fact that tens of thousands of people are pouring into our country, many of them criminals, many of them people from jails, many of them doing acts that you don't even want to know about. And they're pouring into our country by the thousands at a level that's never been seen before and they're doing absolutely nothing.

Donald Trump: The wall is almost completed. It would have been completed if I didn't get sued by Congress and the Democrats every single moment -- and we beat those cases. We built most of the wall -- almost 500 miles of wall and all we had to do is close up certain areas that we had to keep open until we gained title, et cetera, et cetera.

Donald Trump: And they just don't want to finish it. I heard they will finish it, but by the time they do that it could go very quickly. And the contractors are having a field day because they're supposed to be finishing the wall. They'll get paid for finishing the wall. So they have to do that and they have to do many other things on the wall.

Donald Trump: You know, stay in Mexico was a great thing. They don't come into this country. They stay in Mexico. It's as simple as that. That was a big deal that when we got that --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- legally. We had to get that. We had to win that and we won it, and they gave it up. Now everybody's pouring into our country. It's out of control. It could destroy our country if it keeps going and the longer it goes the harder it is to stop. We had the best border that we've ever had in history, admitted by everybody --

Maria Bartiromo: I know.

Donald Trump: -- and all they had to do is leave it. The border patrol is fantastic. The guys and women in the border patrol -- they've done a fantastic job. The ICE agents that we have, I've gotten to know so many. They're phenomenal people. All they had to do is leave it alone. It was so good. It was the best it ever was and now it's a disaster.

Donald Trump: It's a -- what a shame for our country.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: It will destroy our country, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. But, in fact, on day one, President Biden walked in on January 20th and 21st and he overturned most of your policies, including Remain in Mexico, stopped construction of the wall. We're here, right now. We've been here. We're going to be here for the rest of the week at the southern border in McAllen, Texas.

Maria Bartiromo: And it's incredible what we've seen. We're going to show more of that. How long -- what was the process of you negotiating with the Northern Triangle countries to come up with Remain in Mexico? To come up with the policies where you did, in fact, see a decline in the number of people coming here to the border.

Maria Bartiromo: In March alone, now that the world understands the Biden policies, there were 172,000 migrants at the border in one month alone. Most people expect it to get worse. What are you expecting as the weather gets warmer?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's going to get much worse. Many more people are going to come up. They're already banding together. You can see that when you look at these countries. And I had a situation where I inherited a very bad situation from President Obama. It was a terrible, terrible situation. The three countries, plus Mexico -- they were taking advantage very badly of the United States, as you probably understand and know.

Donald Trump: And I went to the three countries and I said you can't do this. You know, we weren't allowed to bring back MS-13 gang member criminals. We couldn't bring back criminals of all different -- they wouldn't accept them back. And after a while, I said well, what kind of a deal is this? Are they coming from the country and then they won't take them back?

Donald Trump: They're sending a lot of people. They're not just -- these aren't just great people, hardworking people coming, these are criminals in many cases. You wouldn't believe the percentage of drug dealers, rapists, human traffickers. These are real -- murderers, by the way. These are people coming into our country unabated.

Donald Trump: They are coming in at a level that nobody's ever seen before. And when I talk about the kind of people, I mean it 100 percent. So I went to these countries and I said listen, it's got to stop and you're going to take back these people, and they said no. And I said that's OK. I asked how much do we pay them.

Donald Trump: Five hundred -- we pay them $500 million a year -- that's a lot of money split -- among three countries. I said we're not making any more payments. Stop all payments. The following day I had a deal where they take back all of these criminals. And we sent back MS-13 and other criminals by the thousands. They said we will take them back.

Donald Trump: We would be glad to take back MS-13 as soon as I stopped the money. Now what they're doing is instead of $500 million they're going to give them, I heard, as much as $4 billion. They're not going to know what to do with all of that money. They never had money like that given to them. So we're giving them $4 billion and, I mean, the people running the country are going to have a field day like they've never had before.

Donald Trump: So here I am -- I was giving them nothing. They took back everybody that we wanted. You have no idea. They were clogging up airports. They were making it impossible for buses to come in --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- with these people. And they took back -- Maria, they took back -- as soon as I stopped the money they called me. They said what can we do? I said you have to take back all of these criminals that are coming into our country from your country. They're your problem, they're not our problem.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: And they took them back as soon as I stopped. Now, according to what I'm hearing, Biden wants to give them not $500 million, which was more money than they ever thought possible. I mean, why are we doing this? And now he's going to give them, I hear, $4 billion. This is crazy.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, Mr. President, we took a boat trip yesterday and it was very clear that the drug czars and the smugglers are -- they run much of Mexico and certainly, the border towns. You have to pay the drug smugglers just to get into a park. You've got to pay them to make a move. They are in charge. Unfortunately, Mr. President, this administration is blaming you and your administration, and they refuse to give you any credit for many of the accomplishments you've had.

Maria Bartiromo: I'll get to the COVID accomplishments in a minute. But just recently, Kamala Harris said in an interview that they inherited this crisis and her answer to it is to send $310 million to these Northern Triangle countries. Many people, just yesterday, told me that money will end up in the hands of the drug czars and the smugglers, as well as politicians.

Maria Bartiromo: So what is your take on -- I know you've had a lot of time to think about this. You see how they're blaming you on everything and they do not attribute the successes that you've had to your administration. How do you feel about that? What's your reaction to what we're hearing in terms of their answer -- the $310 million to the Northern Triangle countries?

Donald Trump: It's ridiculous, number one. And the drug czars and others will get it, and people running the country will take it, and it won't go to where it's meant to go. But the number is going to be much larger than that that they're going to get -- many times larger than that. And obviously, they're very ungracious people.

Donald Trump: I did the vaccine. They'd like to take the vaccine. But even the fake news isn't giving them credit for that. We did the vaccine. Saved, you know, just tens of millions of lives throughout the world by coming up with a vaccine. If I weren't president, the vaccine -- you wouldn't have a vaccine for five years.

Donald Trump: Three to five years would be the minimum. I got it done in less than nine months and that's only because of me. If I wasn't president you wouldn't have a vaccine. And then I went out and bought -- spent billions of dollars to buy the vaccine before approval. So people are getting shots long before they would have.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, you wouldn't have been getting your shots until October of November. Nobody would have had a shot right now. So -- and people are giving us credit -- even, you know, the fakers. We've got a lot of fake news people but we're getting credit for that. But I do see where the Biden people and Biden are trying to take credit even for the vaccine.

Donald Trump: The other thing is we had -- with Operation Warp Speed, we were delivering vaccine at a level that was unheard of. You know, we had just gotten it approved. We started within one minute of approval -- I mean, we were all set. We had a great delivery system and all they did is take what we had and keep it moving.

Donald Trump: And, you know, tremendous numbers of people have been vaccinated because of what we did. We -- on January 20th --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- they took over what we did and what -- I'll tell you what, it was the military and it was a system of transportation and system of getting those shots out to people like nobody's ever seen. It was a military operation. The generals did a phenomenal job -- a really -- and then they took it over and it kept going.

Donald Trump: Very simply, it kept going. But -- and then they blew it with Johnson & Johnson. They should have never done a pause with Johnson & Johnson. That was done for either political reasons or because they like Pfizer so much. But what they did with Johnson & Johnson was horrible. They want everybody to get a vaccine --

Maria Bartiromo: Well --

Donald Trump: -- and then they do a pause, which got so much publicity. It hasn't recovered yet -- what they - what they did there. It was just -- But the vaccine saved millions and millions of people throughout the world. We have the best vaccines. Nobody even can -- nobody even says they have better than what we have.

Donald Trump: We have the best in the world.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Everybody's trying to get them and that was all done by Trump.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, I want to -- I want to go to the spending in a moment. But you just mentioned J&J and I want to stay there for one second because this pause had to do with a handful of cases of blood clotting. What should have been done in terms of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine rather than taking that pause?

Maria Bartiromo: Obviously, it's back on the market. The FDA making that decision last Friday. What would you have preferred to see given those blood-clotting issues?

Donald Trump: Well, at the time it came up there were eight million shots and there were six cases which, as they say, was far less than women's birth control pills, than Tylenol --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- than almost anything. It was very, very minuscule. And I would not have made -- I would have put a warning on or something on just that particular vaccine. But I certainly wouldn't have paused it and gotten front-page news all over the world and then people don't want it. And it probably even affects the others because there's a big situation with a lot of people who don't want to take the vaccine.

Donald Trump: Well, this played right into their hands. And they want me to do public service messages and everything about everybody taking the vaccine. And look, I guess in a certain way I'm the father of the vaccine because I was the one that pushed it. To get it done in less than nine months was a miracle. Fauci said it would take three to five years.

Donald Trump: He thought it was something that just wouldn't be that effective because it would take so long to get. We -- I pushed the FDA like they have never been pushed before. I wouldn't exactly say they're in love with me. They have never -- this is a very bureaucratic organization. I pushed them like they've never been pushed before and that's why we have it. When they did the pause on Johnson & Johnson, I thought that was a very, very stupid thing to do.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. Let me ask you about the rest of the agenda, in particular, spending. Mr. President, last night President Biden laid out this latest spending plan, $1.8 trillion for the American Families Plan. He's talking about raising taxes. We heard a lot of sort of deja vu of the Obama administration. You didn't build that.

Maria Bartiromo: Pay your fair share. Here's President Biden last night. I've got to get your reaction to the economic policy, sir -- watch.

Note: [Begin video clip]

Joe Biden: [Video clip] Wall Street didn't build this country, the middle-class built the country, and unions built the middle-class. I will not oppose any tax increase on people making less than $400,000. It's -- but it's time for corporate America and the wealthiest one percent of Americans to just begin to pay their fair share.

Joe Biden: [Video clip] Just their fair share. We're going to reward work, not just wealth.

Note: [End video clip]

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, let me just point out that we're talking about more than $5 trillion -- almost $6 trillion in spending since January -- since January 20th. And when you look at Biden's budget for next year he's pretty much effectively cutting defense spending. There's no money that I can see that's allocated for the border.

Maria Bartiromo: So you see where the priorities are. It's the Green Deal. It's raising taxes. Not defense, even as the risks are rising across the world, particularly China. And not the border. Your reaction to the spending and these higher taxes to pay for it.

Donald Trump: And they're going to do terrible things to the Second Amendment, and many other elements of what he's talking about are very, very bad, very dangerous. He didn't talk about the border. And again, we just finished with the border. But didn't talk about the border. It's like a subject that they're not discussing.

Donald Trump: And that will be -- that will be ruinous to this country. And the taxes -- it will be the largest tax increase in the history of our country. And when you say it won't affect middle-class, the middle-class has 401(k)s. And when you look at the capital gains tax that's going to have a massive impact on the middle-class.

Donald Trump: It's also going to have a massive impact on companies leaving our country. They all came back. With me, the companies were pouring back into our country. That's why we were doing -- we produced more jobs than anybody in the history of our country -- 160 million jobs. We were never close to that number. We produced more from the African-Americans to Hispanic-Americans to anybody -- Asians, women.

Donald Trump: The highest number of jobs in history. Then we did it again. He wouldn't be doing well right now if we didn't rebuild. I mean, our country was booming. The first one -- because we did a great job on COVID and getting no credit for it. Between the ventilators and the equipment and the masks and everything else -- nobody had this stuff.

Donald Trump: We got it -- we got it stocked up. We helped the states. The governors of the states have said we did an incredible job. The fake news doesn't like saying that. It doesn't play into their narrative. But, Maria, we did a great job on that, and not only the vaccine. The vaccine is the most important thing of all, frankly.

Donald Trump: But we did a fantastic job --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- in getting things out. But when you look at the biggest tax increase in history, that's going to drive all of these companies and all of these jobs out of the United States. It's a disaster.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. I mean, that's one thing that we saw under the Obama administration, Mr. President. When we had a 35 percent corporate rate, many American companies acquired companies in Ireland, for example, where there was nine percent corporate rate. And then we saw them --

Donald Trump: Right.

Maria Bartiromo: -- take their headquarters there. So that's my question to you. What is the impact of, for example, a 43.4 percent capital gains tax? You sell your home, you sell portfolio. You're giving 43.4 percent to the government if you're in that highest earning bracket -- the capital gains tax, the corporate tax, and individual taxes.

Maria Bartiromo: We're still not clear. President Biden has not made clear whether it's $400,000 for families or $400,000 for individuals. This is a very important point but they sort of muddy it up and we don't know the answer. But regardless, if you're overturning your tax cut plan of 2017, everybody's tax is going up. So what kind of an impact would you expect on the economy and the stock market?

Donald Trump: So I got and got approved the largest tax decrease in the history of our country. Bigger than the Ronald Reagan decrease. This was the biggest, most powerful tax decrease -- decrease, that's a very important word -- in the history of our country. They are now proposing the biggest tax increase. When you talk capital gains you're talking about everybody.

Donald Trump: You're not talking about just for so-called wealthy people, you're talking about everybody. If they buy a stock, no matter what they do. You're talking about everybody's going to be affected by that. But they're going to be affected in an even more important way. Companies are going to leave this county.

Donald Trump: You know people that run these countries, many of them don't live here, many of them are from other countries but their loyalty is to their shareholders, their loyalty is to the wallet. They will leave here so quickly if they can have another country where -- I brought taxes down to among the lower taxed nations.

Donald Trump: Not the lowest, couldn't get it down to that level.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: But I would have very much worked on it. But among the lower taxed nations and of the large industrial nations the lowest. Now what they're doing is they're going to drive all of these companies out. You know -- you know this very well, billions and actually trillions of dollars were not coming back into this country, trillions, because the tax was so high that -- and also the bureaucracy was so bad, the paperwork and everything else was so bad that trillions of dollars was out of this country.

Donald Trump: That money was all -- hundreds of billions was pouring back into our country when I did the tax bill, when we got that approved. That was a tremendous thing.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Hundreds of billions of dollars. If you go by what they're doing, that money will never see the United States again and that's a very big -- that's a tremendous number.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, I mean look I always say money is mobile. We have a graphic here of all of the rates across the world. So, you know, corporations can move, individuals can move if their money is treated best somewhere else, we recognize that. But what I want to get your take on is where we are in this economy now.

Maria Bartiromo: Because even under your leadership, before President Biden came, the economy was beginning to turn. Now we've got expectations that we're going to see GDP in the U.S. in 2021, Mr. President, of up to 9 percent. So why do we have so -- why do we need all of this spending? Six trillion dollars in spending in a month and a half and you've got an economy that may not need that kind -- I mean, sure people are happy if you throw money at them, but at some point this comes home to roost in terms of our debt.

Maria Bartiromo: So, where do you see the economy right now? Does it take a hit with all of this spending at some point?

Donald Trump: So the reason you see GDP is because of the foundations that we built. We built something that was incredible. What will happen with the tax increases and even the border, with all of these people pouring in, what will happen is you'll start to see negative effects eventually. If you do tax increases like they're talking about and if you do other things -- you know, it never happened so quickly, but it will have a devastating impact ultimately down the road.

Donald Trump: That's what's going to happen and with all the spending. A lot of the GDP also is all of this stimulus that they're pouring into the economy. It's, you know, just -- it's sort of fake when you look at it, sort of like the fake media, it's fake. It's showing something that the economy's doing better than it is. They're not real numbers.

Donald Trump: Now, we --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- created something that was incredible and we created it twice. We had the greatest and then we had the China virus or COVID or call it what you want, this horrible disease come into country, we handled it better than any other country. If you look at Germany now and you look at all these countries they used to compare us to, do you notice they don't -- they don't mention that anymore, they don't compare us because we had the fastest start-up of any -- and best of any country in the world.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: There's nobody doing well like us. You look at what's going in Europe with Italy and Spain and France and Germany, by the way, which everyone said was doing so well and now they have lockdowns and they're having riots in the street. We did better than any other country. Nobody did the job -- you know, I'm starting to get a lot of credit for it but it's a little bit late.

Donald Trump: But here's the good news is that we did great in the election. We did far better in the election. We had 75 million votes and I'll tell you what, that election was won by us. It was not won by Biden.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, well we see what's going on in Arizona right now, but I want to move on to foreign policy.

Donald Trump: It's a big deal, what's going on.

Maria Bartiromo: But before we --

Donald Trump: And by the way, that's the Senate. That's the Arizona Senate and it's a big deal and the fake news hates to cover it. They actually covered it, a front page "New York Times" story two days ago but they hate to cover it but the Arizona Senate right now is doing a forensic audit and I have no idea, very independent, I have no idea what it's going to reveal. but I think it's going to reveal tremendous corruption, tremendous.

Donald Trump: And that's true in many other states.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And we don't need many because we almost -- we almost won even with the corruption essay. Go ahead.

Maria Bartiromo: Let me ask you about John Kerry. Republicans are now calling for an investigation over this "New York Times" report that John Kerry told the Iranian foreign minister that Israel had attacked Iranian interests 20 times in Syria. We've not heard much about this. What do you want to see in terms of John Kerry and this investigation?

Donald Trump: Well, if there was ever a violation of the Logan Act, which they tried to pin on General Flynn who was totally innocent as it turned out, and I mean totally innocent. If they've ever had a violation of the Logan Act, and I think the Logan Act is something they should use, it's very simple. You can't do what he did.

Donald Trump: And I said during my administration too, I think that he was seeing them and saying don't make a deal, don't make a deal, maybe we'll win and you'll be able to make a sweetheart deal with us. Don't make a deal. Because Iran wanted to make a deal so badly but John Kerry was telling them in my opinion don't make a deal.

Donald Trump: We'll make you a sweetheart deal if we win. And that is a violation at the highest levels of the Logan Act. On top of that, you have this recording that they found saying some of the things but much more than what you just stated, that is horrible. It should never -- a thing like that should never be allowed.

Donald Trump: And you know, a lot of people are calling for his resignation and they're calling for a lot more. What he did is totally illegal.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, well, we see the treatment there where we're not hearing much about it and then we see what took place with Rudy Giuliani, your personal attorney, a search of his apartment in Manhattan yesterday. What do you want to say about this, your reaction to this DOJ executing a search warrant of Rudy Giuliani's apartment?

Donald Trump: Well, it is incredible because you bring up John Kerry and the horrible thing that he did and was doing for a period of time and then you take the greatest mayor in the history of New York, you take a great patriot. You know, Rudy Giuliani is a great patriot. He does these things -- he just loves this country and they raid his apartment, it's like so unfair and such a double -- like a double standard, like I don't think anybody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: It's very, very unfair. Rudy is a patriot who loves this country and I don't know what they're looking for, what they're doing. They say it had to do with filings of various papers, lobbying filings. Well, did Hunter file? And did Biden file? Because they did a lot of work with other countries. To the best of everybody's knowledge, they didn't file.

Donald Trump: Did Podesta file and Podesta's brother file? No, they didn't file. So, it's a very, very unfair situation. You know, you have to understand Rudy; Rudy loves this country so much. It is so terrible when you see things that are going on in our country with the corruption and the problems and then they go after Rudy Giuliani.

Donald Trump: It's very sad, actually.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, there is this movement to go after your supporters, your administration. Tucker Carlson last night said that the Biden administration will use the force of law to crush political dissent and it seems to be that we're seeing some truth in that in terms of this movement against people who have supported you, they're stopping publishing their books, people in your administration.

Maria Bartiromo: And then there's the Chinese Communist Party sanctioning people from your administration. We didn't hear much from President Biden on China last night, away from that it's a competitor. There's a lot to the China story as I know you have been able to communicate this to the American people. Do you think we're going to see a change in the China policy?

Maria Bartiromo: What is your reaction to what President Biden has done so far regarding China?

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to give our country away to China. China was paying us billions and billions of dollars because of what I did with taxation. Billions of dollars. They were buying -- our farmers have done better. That's why I won Iowa. I won all of these great farm states, by big numbers, whether you -- it's Nebraska, so many -- so many farms states, all farm states, every one of them I won by big numbers and they've never done better.

Donald Trump: Grain prices are way up. And the deal we made for the farmers with China is phenomenal. China never in their wildest dreams thought they'd ever sign something like that. And I've taken in billions of dollars. But you look at how well the farmers are doing, that's because of the great trade deal that we made.

Donald Trump: Then, of course, COVID came up and then I felt differently toward China. And you -- China will take over this country if they don't do something very quickly. And they've been very, very weak on China. They don't want to do -- look, they have business. Hunter Biden got a lot of money out of China. Their family got a lot of money out of China.

Donald Trump: It's disgraceful what's going on. Right now it's disgraceful what's going on. And China's not even mentioned. China is a big economic power that wants to become the biggest economy, it was supposed to have already taken that step and it would have happened except that we beat China so badly and then COVID came along and it was back to step one and then we again, by the time I left office, we had this country in great shape again economically.

Donald Trump: And the vaccines, again, having the vaccines was such a big thing. You know, a lot of people think it was one of the great miracles of all time, to have a vaccine done in less than nine months. They cannot believe it. Nobody can believe it. The FDA can't believe it, because they would have had -- they would have been years and years before they did it. One other thing we did and so important because, you know, it never gets mentioned, but it was placing a bet.

Donald Trump: And it was a bet or a speculation you may call it, but buying billions and billions of dollars of vaccine before we knew it was even going to get approved, before we totally knew it was going to work. That was one of the greatest bets ever made in the history of this world because it got people inoculated one year early.

Donald Trump: When you think of it, nobody would have even had shots now. It would have been September or October before you got your first shots. So, I took that gamble, it was a gamble, I took that gamble and it -- there's never been a gamble that's been more important that worked in my opinion.

Maria Bartiromo: So, what do you think about the treatment of all of this now? I mean now we've heard from the CDC saying if you're fully vaccinated you can be indoors without a mask. You can take the mask off. And yet last night the shot of President Biden behind him is Kamala Harris the vice president and Nancy Pelosi Speaker of the House both wearing masks.

Maria Bartiromo: What is going on? I mean are we not getting the truth and clarity in terms of what we should be doing? The place was not even half full and they're all wearing masks.

Donald Trump: It looked like they were choking last night while he was speaking. I watched and I said, they ought to get some air. It looked like they were literally -- the -- Nancy's mask was the biggest mask I think I've ever seen.

Maria Bartiromo: Is there a strategy here?

Donald Trump: They -- I'm not sure if they know there's a strategy, but they love those masks and everybody in that room was -- had the vaccine, everybody in that room was in good shape, they could have done it much differently. For Joe Biden to walk outside to announce you don't have to wear masks outside. Now people knew that for a long time, but he walks outside to tell you, you don't need masks outside and he's wearing a mask.

Donald Trump: He's outside doing it and he walks up in a mask. Look, this country has got to get their schools back. It's got to get these cities open. It's all -- in all cases Democrat. When you look at Florida, Texas and various other places they had a much relaxed policy and yet they had far fewer deaths relatively speaking.

Donald Trump: They had far more economic success. New York has been so badly hurt it's going to take a long time to recover. California was so badly hurt. It's -- I mean, these places, some of the places, there's never been any place that was tougher than Michigan. And Michigan had an outbreak the likes of which you haven't seen since the very beginning.

Donald Trump: So, you know, it's very sad. When you look on television last night and they could have had fewer people in the room than a, you know, than a packed room like I had when I did it. I understand that. But, to have a room that was so sparse and to have everybody wearing masks and everybody has the -- you know, they all got the shots, but they all have masks.

Donald Trump: It doesn't show very much confidence. You know, they want to build confidence in the vaccine, because not everybody wants to take it. Because they have their freedoms and they don't want to take it. They want to show confidence in the vaccines and then you see something like you saw last night, a room loaded up with masks.

Donald Trump: I'm telling you, the people looked like they were choking on their masks. I've never seen anything like it.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, well, you know, I was thinking about your last joint session to Congress and Nancy Pelosi was behind you and she ripped up your speech at the end of it.

Donald Trump: Very nice, very nice.

Maria Bartiromo: That was incredible.

Donald Trump: Yes, that was very nice. Well, that's the way they are, it's nasty.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President, President Biden talked a lot about education last night. It was really ironic since half of our students are still not in school. What kind of an impact is this going to have on our young people? Will they leave earnings on the table? Will they be at a disadvantage to other kids who have been able to go back to school?

Donald Trump: Well, the schools that are open have no problem whatsoever. You have schools, many schools are open, the teachers union totally controls this administration and for whatever reason they just don't want to go back to work. It's a terrible thing. And one of the other things beyond the unions, the stimulus is making it so that people will not work.

Donald Trump: So, people all over the country, small businesses, cannot get people to work. You see it in restaurants. You see it all over. They can't get people to work because they're competing with this stimulus money that if they work they're not getting the stimulus money and the stimulus money is more so they're trying to get their businesses open and they cannot get employees.

Donald Trump: It's a tough situation.

Maria Bartiromo: Joe Biden got a standing ovation when he talked about H.R. 1, Mr. President. He's pushing, and the Democrats are pushing this voting law and we haven't heard any pushback from corporate America, from Major League Baseball and yet they attacked Georgia for its new voting law. Your thoughts on H.R. 1 and whether or not that gets through.

Maria Bartiromo: I mean, when you consider what's happening here, they've got a commission to discuss whether or not we should expand the Supreme Court. You've got an effort to kill the filibuster. You've got an effort to pretty much attack our governing institutions, change our governing institutions in a fundamental way.

Maria Bartiromo: Your reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, H.R. 1 would be catastrophic. Number one, you don't have voter ID, you don't have signature verification, you have all sorts of things. Plays right into the Democrat playbook and they're trying to use it to override states because the states now saw the rip-off of the last election which was a totally fraudulent election in many ways, in many different ways, including the fact that they didn't get legislators to approve the many, many things that they did.

Donald Trump: It's a -- the Supreme Court should have had the courage to hear it. They didn't want to hear it and they knew. They didn't want to turn over an election. They didn't have the courage to turn over an election. The Supreme Court should be ashamed of themselves. But now if you look at Arizona, you look at other states, they're going right back and they're finding -- I think they're going to find massive corruption and so do a lot of people in this country.

Donald Trump: They're going to find massive corruption. But this rule and law that they're trying to pass right now in Congress will override all of the states, and all of the good work that's now being done within the states, including voter ID. And they're trying to override it because the Democrats don't want voter ID. You know, it was interesting, yesterday to get into the Capitol they made it so difficult.

Donald Trump: You had to have your name, your picture, everything in order to get in. But when it comes to voting, they don't want to have that. They don't want to have names, they don't want to have pictures, let anybody come and vote and that's what happened in the last election. It was a disgrace. They sent out tens of millions of fake ballots.

Donald Trump: I mean -- wait until you see, in my opinion, wait until you see what comes out of these investigations. You're going to see fraud at a level that no -- we were a third world country when it came to the 2020 presidential election.

Maria Bartiromo: Well, we want to see that. We want to see the evidence because the American people need to know. I was with AG -- the AG of Texas yesterday, Ken Paxton and he said, had he not pushed back, Texas would have been Georgia in terms of all of the mail-in ballots.

Donald Trump: He's right.

Maria Bartiromo: He also criticized the mail-in ballots. Mr. President, you're thinking a lot about these elections and what took place then. Are you thinking about running again, Mr. President, in 2024?

Donald Trump: Yes, 100 percent. And the polls show it and everybody wants me to do it, 100 percent I'm thinking about running and we will, I think, be very successful if -- we were very successful. Look, I ran twice. And the second time I got 12 million more votes than the first time, which very rarely happens for a president.

Donald Trump: I got the largest number of votes in the history of our country for a sitting president. And I was told if I got 66 million you couldn't lose. I got 75 million. At 10:30 in the evening, everyone thought the election was over and that we had won. All of a sudden, late in the night, they closed up the tabulation centers and they came out with new numbers.

Donald Trump: This election is a disgrace to our country. And the whole world knows it and they're watching.

Maria Bartiromo: Mr. President -- Mr. President, would you consider a running mate in Ron DeSantis? A lot of conversation about your relationship with Ron DeSantis. You're seeing him more in Florida. Would he be your pick for VP?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a friend of mine. I endorsed Ron. And after I endorsed him, he took off like a rocket ship. He's done a great job as governor. A lot of people like that, you know, they -- I'm just saying what I read and what you read, they love that ticket. But certainly Ron would be considered. He's a great guy.

Maria Bartiromo: So -- so what policies would you want to change? What's most important to you if you were to run? What would the platform be?

Donald Trump: Well, look, Second Amendment we have to protect. You look at the taxes that are rising, the biggest tax increases. You're going from the biggest decrease to the biggest increase in history. It's going to be a shock to all people, not rich people, all people. So they're giving the biggest tax increase in history.

Donald Trump: It's going to destroy the economy. The border has to be brought back to where I had it. We had it -- the best in the history of our country. And the wall would have been finished very quickly. They have to finish the wall. They have to get it finished. I would have had it finished two years ago except that I got sued all the time.

Donald Trump: Every time we made a move, we got sued. It took two and a half years to win all the lawsuits. I won the lawsuits. We built the wall. It is almost complete. They have to finish the wall. They have to do many things. And they have to leave our Second Amendment alone. They want to destroy our Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: Also, energy. We were energy independent. We're not going to be energy independent in a couple of months. We're not going to be energy independent. We were, for the first time, energy independent. Your gasoline prices, look what's happening to them. They're going up through the roof in a short period of time.

Donald Trump: I had them down below $2. And we still had a strong energy industry. Now they're laying everybody off. Why did they lay them off? Look at the pipeline. The heads of that union should be fired because I was building the pipeline. I overrode the veto and the -- of the previous administration. So I'm building the Keystone Pipeline, the Dakota Access Pipeline, we're building all of that stuff and they come and they stop the Keystone Pipeline.

Donald Trump: Now they want to stop other pipelines that are already built. And all of these workers are out of business. The pipeline workers are out of business and their union heads always support a Democrat. So they supported Biden. Those union heads should be fired by all those people that don't have a job because if I were president right now, they'd all be working like crazy to build pipelines, which environmentally are much better than trains.

Donald Trump: But, of course, Warren Buffett owns trains and he's a big Democrat. So maybe that has something to do with it. Because stopping the Keystone Pipeline has nothing -- has absolutely -- it does nothing good for this country.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: And now you have thousands and thousands -- the real number is 49,000 people. You know, they like to say 8,000. It's 49,000 people ultimately. And for them to stop that and for -- think of it. And these people, I believe most of them voted for me. But the heads of their unions were in favor -- were for Biden.

Donald Trump: Those heads -- those union heads for the Keystone Pipeline, those pipeline workers should fire -- and anybody related to them should fire the heads of their union because, in my opinion, they must be corrupt because nobody could be so stupid.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, I -- I always question why anybody thinks it's safer to carry oil and gas on a railcar versus in a pipe under the sea. I mean I think you make a really good point about these railcars. It seems like that could be, you know, potentially seeing more mistakes in terms of carrying all of that oil on railcars versus -- versus under the sea.

Maria Bartiromo: I -- I think it's a really important point that you make.

Donald Trump: Well, no, a pipeline is a --

Maria Bartiromo: But, look -- yes.

Donald Trump: A pipeline is acknowledged to be much safer than railcars or trucks. Much, much safer. It's environmentally much better. The only thing is and you should do -- look, why -- how is it possible that the heads of that union didn't know this was going to happen and they supported Biden over Trump? And Trump was going to have pipelines with -- we had other pipelines planned, big ones, very big ones.

Donald Trump: And now they're all being wiped out. And yet the union that is in charge of the men and women that do the pipelines was in favor of Biden. They ought to fire those people and stop paying dues because they're wasting their money.

Maria Bartiromo: And that's one of the issues for the attorneys general of this country, certainly Republican AGs suing the administration over the pipeline cancellation. What are you expecting in the upcoming 2022 elections? Do you think that these policies will move voters? I know you've been spending time with the Republicans going into the -- to the mid-term elections.

Maria Bartiromo: What do you anticipate?

Donald Trump: I think we're going to do very well. We need good leadership; Mitch McConnell has not done a great job. I think they should change Mitch McConnell. And we definitely need -- but I think that if I get behind Senators, and if I get behind Congressmen, I just endorsed, as you know, Mrs. Wright in Texas, and she's going to be great, she's really going to be tremendous.

Donald Trump: Her husband passed away, he was a great supporter of mine. And she's running for his seat and I think she's going to be great. And just a person -- a wonderful person in Louisiana who just won her election as you know, a lot of people running and she was hoping to get into the run-offs, and she not only got into the run-offs, she got 65 percent of the vote and she won.

Donald Trump: So, you know, I'm looking at the right people to endorse and I think that when we -- when I endorse people it means a lot. And I think we're going to have a great victory in '22. I think we're going to take back the House. Everybody's working very hard, I'm working in conjunction with Kevin McCarthy and the group.

Donald Trump: And I think we're going to take back the House. You know, we're only literally a few votes short. And when they look at the open borders, when they look at the Second Amendment being, you know, decimated, which is going to be one of their next steps, when they look at all of the horrible things that are happening, what they've done -- are doing, including the biggest tax crease -- increase in history and the jobs will stop immediately.

Donald Trump: Because those companies are going to leave our country where they have to pay these kind of taxes. We had it all done, all they had to do was leave it alone but they couldn't do that. And they are very ungracious --

Maria Bartiromo: Wow.

Donald Trump: -- you know, they don't want to -- they don't want to give credit where credit is due. And that's, you know, that's politics I guess but they are very ungracious --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, I mean --

Donald Trump: -- there's no question about it.

Maria Bartiromo: Everybody saw when you said we'll have a vaccine in nine months, in 10 months and you were mocked, and everybody knows that then the vaccines because of Warp Speed were developed before Joe Biden took office. So, most people understand that, it is disingenuous not to recognize that. But let me ask you this because I spoke with Stephen Miller, your former --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And little Anthony Fauci, who I like, I get a -- Maria, and little Anthony --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- Fauci, who I like. You know, is, you know, a nice guy but he says, you know, don't wear masks, it's terrible, then wear a mask, then go for a triple. If you can find five of them, smack them all over your face. I mean, you know, there's so many -- so many mistakes. Don't ban China, you should not ban -- no, let China pour in. I did it very, very early.

Donald Trump: Don't forget, I banned China very early or we would have had a much bigger problem and I banned Europe from coming into the U.S. very early when I saw the problems. Fauci didn't want that, Pelosi didn't want it. Schumer didn't want -- nobody wanted it. And I did it and I get no credit for anything but that's OK, I think that people understand.

Donald Trump: That's why I got 75 million votes working this.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes, everybody knows how I -- how I view the China threat. This is a very dangerous situation. They do want to overtake --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Maria Bartiromo: -- America as the number one superpower. They are a Communist country and will continue to lie, steal, and cheat to be number one. But we don't hear a lot of conversation about that. You just mentioned the impact of this virus. Bill de Blasio, Mayor of New York, says that New York City will now be fully open by July 1. But it's now gone beyond the virus regarding New York.

Maria Bartiromo: Crime has spiked. You look at crime across our big cities and, Mr. President, it's up in the double digits. What happened? What's going on in terms of the state of our cities? This is going to become a much bigger issue but the media's not covering it of course and I want to talk about the media and big tech in a second.

Maria Bartiromo: But give me your thoughts on what is taking place in our cities across our country right now.

Donald Trump: Well, in all cases Democrat run cities, Maria, I mean, virtually every one of them is a Democrat run city; New York, Chicago, LA. Every one of these cities where the crime has gone through the roof is Democrat run and, you know, they come after Rudy Giuliani and they come after me and they let people that shoot people in the head, they let them out of jail and let's charge no bail.

Donald Trump: But it's a very, very serious problem. These Democrat-run cities are doing so badly with respect to crime and the way they treat the police. You know, it really is defund the police. They want to more than defund them. They want to get rid of the police. These are great people. You know, I got endorsed by the New York City policemen.

Donald Trump: They've never done that ever before in a presidential race. They endorsed me and they are unbelievable people. But a lot of them are leaving and a lot of great ones are leaving and they're leaving in a flood like we've never seen before. So much of this stuff is - you know, I keep saying never seen before.

Donald Trump: Well, even with the police, we've never seen before anything like it. We've never seen tax increases like this. We've never seen a worse border. And we've never seen police leaving and we've never seen crime numbers like you're going to have. It's only going to get worse. They're all Democrat-run cities.

Donald Trump: Like I had a decision to make in the summer and, you know, it's a 50/50 call but in the Democrat-run cities they had riots. We didn't have that in Republican-run cities. My decision was not to do the Insurrection Act or [Inaudible] -- is to let people see what happens when something's poorly run and these cities are very, very poorly run.

Donald Trump: And it's really unfair what they do. They go after people that don't deserve to be in positions like that. I mean, going after Rudy Giuliani who is a great patriot, when you have a city that's -- the crime is gone up 150, 200, 300 percent in some categories, is just so unfair. It's just -- it's just a shame.

Donald Trump: It's so sad for our country. And the world is watching and they're seeing what's happening and they don't want to come and they don't want to spend their money and it's going to take a long time. It's going to take a long time, unfortunately. And these are Democrat-run cities. You have to remember that, because those are the ones where they have the problems.

Maria Bartiromo: Well -- so Stephen Miller the other day said that the Republicans have to be working on their policy ideas now, so that they can implement them should they take the majority back in the midterm elections. He's specifically talking about big tech, Mr. President. We know that there's been censorship, pretty significant, during the election, Twitter obviously banning you and stopping the "New York Post" from reporting the truth about President Biden's son, Hunter Biden.

Maria Bartiromo: What would you like to see in terms of big tech in the way of legislation?

Donald Trump: By the way, the "New York Post" has been fantastic. It's a great newspaper. They have been so honest, so honorable.

Maria Bartiromo: They've done great work.

Donald Trump: Along with some others, in all fairness. But they have done great journalism, great writing and Michael Goodwin and some others have been so incredible, actually. They've really stepped up to the plate. I think it's our nation's oldest newspaper.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: But they have been really amazing when you think about it. Look, big tech has gone crazy. Anybody that has a voice that they disagree with, like me, they ban. My voice happens to be correct but they ban. I had really much more -- I mean if you look at my numbers with Facebook and Twitter, I guess close to 200 million people, I think I was number one and they banned me because the voice was strong.

Donald Trump: Well now I have -- continue to have a strong -- I just put out releases that everybody prints what I say. I think it's actually much more elegant than Twitter. And it gets the word out just as well. Not everybody can do that unfortunately. So it's very unfair to a lot of other people. I think I'm getting my word out as strongly as I ever did, maybe better and in a better way, in a more elegant way, I will say that, than doing a so-called tweet.

Donald Trump: But they are taking over. You look at Google, and you only find bad stories. In other words, if you go under Trump, Donald Trump, you only find -- if there's a negative story, they put it in. If there's a positive story, you rarely see it unless it's down at the bottom. And they do that so purposely. It is so dishonest.

Donald Trump: It's hard to believe I did so well in the election. I won the election and then I won the second election too. But, it's hard to believe that I did so well in the election, when I had big tech against me, I had the media against me, I won't comment on Fox, but Fox is somewhat different than it was four years ago.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's an amazing thing. It tells you that the people are really smart. They get it. They see what's happening. Without big tech, without everything, they see what's happening. How about lockboxes that come in late? Where they have lock -- and they -- and they happen to have almost all Biden votes.

Donald Trump: You know, I mean all of these things, people see this stuff and they get it. That's why everybody's watching Arizona even though the media is trying to squelch it. You know, the Democrats had 100 and -- I guess 107 lawyers there over the last three years to try and stop the recount in Arizona. They're doing a forensic audit.

Donald Trump: They -- they're -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. They were deluged with lawyers. Nobody's ever seen so many, because they don't want the real facts to come out. The public gets it, Maria. They get it. The get big tech --

Maria Bartiromo: Well --

Donald Trump: -- much more so than you think.

Maria Bartiromo: -- yes, I mean -- I mean, the bigger question that I'm asking is whether you believe that or not? You're not allowed to say it, right? I mean, you get -- you get hammered if you --

Donald Trump: Well, you -- yes --

Maria Bartiromo: -- if you speak what you feel is truth honestly. You get hammered on social media.

Donald Trump: Well, I think they're going too far.

Maria Bartiromo: So, the question is what should be done? What kind of change --

Donald Trump: I think they're going too far.

Maria Bartiromo: -- do you want to see regulatory wise? Yes.

Donald Trump: Well a lot of people want to see get rid of Section 230, which is a gift.

Maria Bartiromo: Right.

Donald Trump: You know, when they say that these are private companies, they can do what they want. Well, they are private companies, but once they're given this tremendous immunity of Section 230 they're no longer private companies as far as I'm concerned, because they're given a gift that no other type company has in this country, in this world probably.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: No other country has Section 230. Section 230 takes all their liability away and so therefore --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- when the government gives them this they're no longer a private company. You know, Josh Hawley and Ted Cruz and a lot of people are working very, very hard on this. Marsha, as you know is -- Marsha Blackburn, very, very hard on this issue. But, when they're given this tremendous power --

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. Well, I just want to say --

Donald Trump: -- it --

Maria Bartiromo: -- Mr. President, I just want to say that, you know, Fox News is a fair and independent platform. I've had the courage, my colleagues have had the courage to come and report truth.

Donald Trump: True.

Maria Bartiromo: So, I want to be clear here, because I know what you said, you know --

Donald Trump: You are fantastic.

Maria Bartiromo: -- Fox changed. Yes.

Donald Trump: By the way, that's why I'm talking to you so long.

Maria Bartiromo: No, but Fox News has had coverage.

Donald Trump: You didn't tell me this would be the --

Maria Bartiromo: Fox Business --

Donald Trump: You didn't tell me this would the world's longest interview and that's OK. But that's why, because it's you.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes. I know, I'm sorry Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You have been -- you are a warrior.

Maria Bartiromo: I know you have to go. This is my final question. This is my final question to you, Mr. President. Your followers want to know what to do. They're seeing this agenda. They feel, many of them, that its radical. They see what's going on in the AG level. What do you want to say to your followers in terms of what they should be doing?

Maria Bartiromo: And they say to themselves, who voted for this $4 trillion in higher taxes, wide open borders, killing job creating policies? What do you want to say to them in terms of what they should be doing right now?

Donald Trump: Have courage. Keep fighting. It's going to happen. We're going to turn it around. They've gone too far. They can't get away with this. We can't allow them to get away with this. They're destroying our country. Have courage. It's going to happen. I'm with you. I am very, very strongly to -- and times 10 considering to do what everybody wants me to do. And, you know, when you announce early, I don't know if you know, but that has a big impact on fundraising and many other things.

Donald Trump: So, it -- it's a little bit of a crazy complex thing, the whole fundraising, campaign contribution stuff is ridiculous. The laws are so archaic and stupid frankly. But we are really -- I am so committed to this country like frankly never before. I just say, keep fighting, have courage and I believe that they've gone just too far.

Donald Trump: And they're using the AGs to destroy people. They want to destroy people, great people, great patriots. They're using -- they're politicizing this whole situation with the attorney general's office, with local AGs with what's going on is horrible. It's horrible. And going again -- and going after the Rudy Giulianis of the world, when you have murderers pouring into this country on our southern border, murderers, rapists, and terrorists and people -- by the way, people coming from the Middle East too.

Donald Trump: Not just the countries we discuss.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: They're coming in from Yemen and various countries, all countries from the Middle East. And this is just starting. It's a horrible thing.

Maria Bartiromo: Yes.

Donald Trump: Have faith. We're going to bring it back. We cannot allow them to get away with what they're doing.

Maria Bartiromo: All right. Mr. President, this has been a terrific interview. It's great to catch up with you again. We so appreciate it. I'm here at the border. I'm -- by the way, Fox News is the only network, major network, that have people on the border and we've got a lot of them. So we'll continue doing that. Mr. President, it's great to talk with you this morning.

Donald Trump: You do have great -- I have to say, Maria, you do have great courage and I appreciate it. And, you know, you really do. You're very outstanding and we appreciate it. Everybody does.

Maria Bartiromo: I so appreciate that. Thank you, Mr. President. We'll see you soon.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thanks, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: All right, President Donald Trump reacting to President Biden and a lot more. [Laughs] We'll be right back. Stay with us.