Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-candace-owens-podcast-may-5-2021

Candace Owens: We have President Donald Trump joining us via phone. Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi, Candace. How are you?

Candace Owens: I'm doing very well. Thank you so much for joining me. I just want to first say that I'm -- .

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Candace Owens: I'm sorry that we couldn't do this in person, but I have been seeing some images of you, and you look great. You look healthy right now. Um, are you finding some peace?

Donald Trump: Well, that's good. I feel good. I feel very good.

Candace Owens: Are you finding some peace?

Donald Trump: Well, I do, and we're fighting over election fraud because it was a fraudulent election. And we're fighting over a lot of different things, and we're getting along with a lot of people likewise. And I don't like what's happening at the border, nor do you. I don't like what's happening in what -- some of the things they're doing are so bad.

Donald Trump: Now they're going to start on your Second Amendment and other things. And so, we're very much involved politically, and we're endorsing people. Susan Rice just had a big victory, and so did the Republican Party on Saturday in Texas, as you know, and big victory in Louisiana two weeks ago, three weeks ago.

Donald Trump: And so, we're -- we're very much involved. But, uh, you know, I think it's -- it's somewhat relaxing because I like doing it.

Candace Owens: Yeah, I want to talk to you about that because you do like doing it, and you are a fighter, and I'm a fighter. And I totally understand that. And one of the things that I find really interesting is just kind of your character arc, meaning, you know, when you first got into this, it's incredible to look at a man who was just so loved in the way that you were.

Candace Owens: I grew up. I listened to hip hop. All of the artists love you. You were on TV. You were this big celebrity personality. Everybody wanted to be like Donald Trump. And then just like that, the media snaps their fingers, and they start what I can only describe as the most vicious, dehumanization campaign that I've ever seen in my life.

Candace Owens: How do you deal with that going from you are so loved, loved to never mind, nobody is allowed to love you anymore because we say so, and we're the media?

Donald Trump: Right. Once I became a politician -- and you're right. I mean, a lot of the hip hop guys loved me, and probably secretly they still love me. But I was on -- I guess mentioned in more songs than anybody and -- not even close. And you know, it was just -- it was sort of wild. I'd hear it all the time where people would say, hey, I just heard you on this or that, and it changed when you become a politician, especially if you become a conservative or a Republican or whatever.

Donald Trump: You see it all the time. But it also works -- I mean, I was -- I watched with great pleasure as Mitt Romney got practically booed off the -- not practically. He got booed off the stage over the weekend because people get it. You know, they get it. They know phonies, and they know people that we affectionately call people RINOs.

Donald Trump: But they know phony people.

Donald Trump: And when they see something like that -- little Ben Sasse, guys like that, they get it, and, uh, you know -- so, in one way it works -- it works doubly. But the -- the -- the Democrats are protected. When you see the speech that Biden made the other day and then they get on and they say, oh, that reminded me of FDR.

Donald Trump: You know, they know it's a lie.

Donald Trump: It was -- it was a terrible speech and -- terrible, just the delivery everything. And they know that. But the fake news media likes to try and make it like it was a wonderful speech, a great speech, wasn't it wonderful. And they must go back into the back room after the show and just laugh at each other and high five each other because it's -- it's disgraceful.

Candace Owens: It is disgraceful. And I also want to just say, how has it impacted, you know -- you're a fighter. You're courageous. I'm courageous. How has it impacted your family to be thrust into the spotlight in this way, especially I think -- I always have my heart out for -- for Melania. I mean, this beautiful woman should be on the cover of every magazine, every first lady that came before her celebrated.

Candace Owens: We love you. We love you.

Unidentified: And they were unrelenting in their nasty coverage towards her. You also have a young son. How do -- how do they deal with this?

Donald Trump: Well, they handle it really well, and Melania really -- it's amazing. She's very confident. She's a confident person, a good person. And the people love her. You know, when I make speeches, there's signs all over. We love our first lady. We love our first lady. So many signs like that. The people get it. They love her.

Donald Trump: But the press is just horrible. I remember she did -- first time I really saw it, she did a beautiful Christmas display at the White House and just worked very, very hard, and it was so beautiful. Everybody said -- and they just ravaged it. They thought it was so terrible. And I know terrible. I know what bad is, and I know what good is. It's like -- I made a lot of money with bad and good, and I will tell you I did good.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, it wouldn't have been so -- so wonderful. And, I mean, beautiful work and -- like people haven't seen before. And it was just killed the next year. She did it and did it differently and maybe did it more according to what they would have suggested. And it was ravaged. There was nothing that she could have done to do it, uh -- redoing things, fixing things, uh, built a tennis pavilion magnificently with, uh -- friends of ours made a donation.

Donald Trump: They built this beautiful pavilion. We don't play tennis. We're not playing tennis, and, uh, they thought we built it for ourselves, which we didn't. But such a beautiful job. You know, they wanted it for years at the White House and, uh, just absolutely, uh, hit very, very unfair. But she handles it really well.

Donald Trump: I mean, incredible. She was able to handle it well. I think it would happen to others. It happened to other Republicans. You know, they -- they used to kill Ronald Reagan. They used to -- they went after a lot of them -- some of them I agree with. I won't mention names, but some of them I agree they should go after him because they deserve to go after.

Donald Trump: But they -- they would definitely go after Republicans, and they would not go after Democrats. And, Candace, I saw it like, uh -- all you had to do -- and again, I mentioned it. But look at -- look at the -- the press treatment for Biden, Look at the treatment he got on that -- I thought he was going to get absolutely creamed over the speech.

Donald Trump: And instead, it's, you know, just praise for the speech he made. And anybody knows -- a first grader would know that was -- that was a horrible, horrible speech, and the delivery was worse probably than the speech. But the things mentioned in the speech -- but you know to have that kind of -- to have accolades on something that everybody knows was not a good situation is ridiculous.

Candace Owens: And I think the hypocrisy is astounding. And you are correct that Americans are awake to it. I mean, in speaking about your family, I mean, the coverage of even Ivanka and Don Jr, you know, I love them both compared to Hunter Biden, right? And we couldn't find a story on Hunter Biden. They -- they suppressed that story on Hunter Biden.

Candace Owens: And the media is pretending that there isn't a double standard and that they just censored that story off of the internet because they weren't yet sure that it was true, and now we know, of course, that it is true. And Biden's first 100 days, not giving a press conference. Could you imagine if that was you and you had not given a press conference?

Donald Trump: It would have been much different. I think cancel culture really started in its biggest form when the stuff started coming out about Hunter, and all of a sudden it was just literally canceled. You know what they did to the New York Post, which actually is a really good paper, oldest paper in the country, I guess, and, uh, a very good paper.

Donald Trump: And what they did to the New York Post and what they did, they just -- that was the first real incredible sign of cancel culture. And, you know, it's, uh -- we're living in a different country. It's terrible. Look at the election. Look, what they did with the election. It was a rigged election and, uh, and many people don't even dispute that at this point.

Donald Trump: There's so much information. And that continues forward by the way. That continues forward. But -- and, you know, it's the number one question I get. I get the things you're asking me now, but I get like we have to go back to 2020. They're much more interested in what happened to 2020, and something should be done about it. They're much more -- and politicians that aren't on board, they're going to lose their election, Republican politicians, if they're not -- because I get more of that than I do about Ô22 or Ô24 by a lot -- by a lot.

Candace Owens: And I'll tell you one thing -- and just being on the outside looking in, something that always frustrated me, um, was just that people know that you are an incredibly loyal person. I would almost argue loyal to a fault. You're very good to people and people, when they have the opportunity to be, are not as good to you, um, when they have the opportunity to speak out and to support you.

Candace Owens: So, I want to ask you a question. as there any person that really let you down on the way out that, if you could go back and say, man, I maybe had some snakes in my own garden, and I was too loyal to see it?

Donald Trump: Well, there were many. I mean, look, you had many -- and others do, too. Uh, first of all, if they're writing a book, they get more money if they say negative than if they say positive. And not only money. They probably don't even get a book on the other way. But we've had some great books written, very positive books, too, because nobody's done what we've done.

Donald Trump: Just the vaccine alone, people -- even the enemy calls it a modern-day miracle, and without me you wouldn't have had a vaccine. Wouldn't have been here for three to five years and probably wouldn't have happened at all. And, you know, it's interesting where they praise Fauci, this guy Fauci, and, uh, Tony and -- just call me, Tony, he says.

Donald Trump: But they praised Fauci. And yet, Fauci worked for me. So, well, why wouldn't we be praised? They say he did such a great job, but he works for me. So, when he worked for me, how could he be -- say he did such a great job, and uh, they knocked me. What we did with the ventilators and with the equipment and -- you know, the cupboards were bare when we got there and so were the governors -- so were the states.

Donald Trump: And we did an incredible job with that. We did an unbelievable job except on publicity, because frankly, they were working so hard, they never covered -- you know, the press was as brutal as they could be. Now you look at India and you look at these other countries and what they're going through, and now they're starting to say, you know, maybe Trump did do a great job on it. And all Biden did was inherit what we did including the distribution of the vaccine.

Donald Trump: And for a while, they tried to try to take the vaccine where it was like it was him. But unfortunately, he was inoculated, I guess, on December 11th or something. Uh, they were actually saying there was no vaccine until he came along. I mean, the whole thing is so crazy. So, we -- we did the vaccine, and even the enemy admits that.

Donald Trump: And we did a great job. It wouldn't have been here for many years. Did something else. Bought billions of dollars of it before we knew it worked Uh, now, we had a pretty good idea, otherwise it would have been foolhardy. But, you know, we bought billions and billions of dollars of vaccine. You wouldn't be getting a shot until September or October of this year.

Donald Trump: And by -- you know, I made a bet, and it was a bet -- maybe the greatest bet ever made in a sense because we have people all over the world getting the vaccine right now, uh, and, uh, in our country. But all over the world -- we're shipping it all over the world. It's great, and I think it was the greatest -- in many ways, it was probably the greatest bet ever made.

Candace Owens: Let me ask you a question, speaking about the vaccines, because right now there's a lot of mixed messages that are coming out of this administration. Uh, Biden is continuing to wear a mask despite the fact that he is vaccinated, and why do you think he's doing that?

Donald Trump: You'd have to ask him. I think he feels he looks better in a mask, actually. I really believe that's the reason. [Laughter] I mean, the other day he's going out to announce that they don't have to wear masks outside, which people knew that a long time ago. And he's wearing a mask, OK? He's announcing that you don't have to wear a mask outside, and he's wearing a mask.

Donald Trump: Uh, it's a very strange thing going on. But, uh, no, I think you'd have to ask him. They're doing a terrible, terrible job on the vaccine on getting it out because they're not convincing the public. When they do the Johnson and Johnson pause, that was a disaster because they paused over six people, and these are people that, you know, if they catch it, they get better.

Donald Trump: Over six people that had a problem. And they inoculated about -- at the time it was six. It went up just a couple of people, but at the time, uh, they inoculated 8 million people. Yet 8 million people had the vaccine. They had 6 million -- well, they then do the Tylenol that -- the women's birth control pills, that -- many other things have, you know -- many, many, many times the difficulty of that.

Donald Trump: But by doing a pause, what they've done is so bad, and then they wonder why people don't want to take it. So, they've done a terrible job of distribution.

Candace Owens: Right. And I think -- well, there's also another element of it, and I think, you know, speaking to a lot of people that are very hesitant to get this vaccine I think also people don't like the amount of censorship that has come with COVID-19 and the pandemic. They don't like that people are not allowed to have a dialog or say anything that goes against Doctor Fauci, and I think that that's actually creating distrust.

Candace Owens: They think that censorship is making people only believe, you know, we're conquering misinformation, but in reality, not allowing the free flow of ideas and letting people to talk about this thing might be a reason that people are hesitant to believe what is coming out of the government at this moment and -- which leads me to wanting to ask you this question.

Candace Owens: I look around in America right now, and I see children that are wearing masks, people that are running outside, triple masked outside. You know, the president is sending us mixed messages by still wearing a mask even though he's vaccinated. And you, when you were a sitting president of the United States, you get censored off of the internet, which is just unbelievable that a sitting president of the United States could ever be censored off of the internet for a harmless tweet.

Candace Owens: And so, let me ask you a question. I want you to think about the answer. Do you believe that in this moment America is still a free country?

Donald Trump: Well, I never thought -- I mean, for a long time -- for really a long time, I never thought we had a free press, and, you know, you need a free press to be a really free country. But I never thought -- but it's been exacerbated since the fake election results. I mean, look, I never thought that -- you look at what's going on where they don't talk about things they should be talking, but they'll go after Rudy Giuliani.

Donald Trump: They won't go after other things and other people, and without mentioning names like Hunter, uh, but they don't go after -- I could mention -- I could mention 20 things. They don't -- they don't want to talk about it. It's a shame. This John Kerry situation with Iran was disgraceful. And you talk about the Logan Act.

Donald Trump: Why didn't somebody go after that?

Donald Trump: By the time we found out about it -- I mean, you should because he's -- you know, the way I view it, he was telling Iran not to do things and -- during our administration. And we could have made -- we were getting -- we were going to make a great deal with Iran. We were going to make a great deal. China is now running the operation.

Donald Trump: You look at China, what they're doing, they never -- they never spoke to me that way. Russia never spoke to us about what they do when they surround Ukraine.

Candace Owens: It's embarrassing.

Donald Trump: They never did that during my watch. They just don't have respect for our country anymore. These guys -- look at what's going on in North Korea. I had a great relationship with Kim Jong Un. They don't -- they don't respect our leadership. They don't respect our country anymore. This happened over a period of a few months.

Donald Trump: It's terrible.

Candace Owens: Right. Yeah. It is, and I think it's embarrassing. I feel -- as an American citizen, I feel very embarrassed by the fact that it doesn't feel like the world respects us, which -- which I felt that the world did respect us and had a healthy fear of America when you were in office. And I have to ask you, I think you have such an important voice, and I think they know you have an important voice and that the -- so many American people are with you, and that's why they don't want you to have a platform.

Candace Owens: But we need you to have a platform. Are you -- are you going to join Parler? Are you going to join one of these social media apps? Because I don't think it's good for you not to be -- us to be able to retweet you or re-parlay you, um, anymore. Are you going to join something?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, I think first of all, I'm getting the -- you know, I'm in a little bit different category because I put out a press release, and it gets massive coverage. Um, I put out press releases, you know, a few a day, and I can make them actually more than the 220 or 240 or whatever it is characters. I put out the press releases, and they're really getting tremendous pickup.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll be doing a platform at some point, and they all want me to be on. You know, I had just about more than anybody. If you look, I had, uh, millions -- tens of millions. I guess I was at 90 million on one -- on Facebook. I was one of the biggest on Twitter. I might have been the biggest. I had -- we had a 10 million, a 36 million, a 90 million.

Donald Trump: You know, the different ones. And we had I think more than anybody. Certainly the most influence. You know it's very interesting because a lot of people -- you saw the Twitter stock really dropped last week by 15 percent in one day because people are leaving Twitter, and it's also become boring. And when I went to Twitter 12 years ago, it was known as a boring failure.

Donald Trump: And I didn't do it to make it -- I just did it to put out a word. And -- but now it's become very boring and very mundane. And it's not -- uh, I don't know. It's not doing well. Certainly, their stock went down on Friday 15 percent. And -- because the numbers are just not going to be there. I think a lot of people are leaving.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll do a platform. But I think I'm getting exactly the same amount of coverage by putting out a release. I do a release of two, three, four different subjects usually separately -- put them out separately. I do it on a daily basis. And it's -- it's really -- for me, it's much more elegant than Twitter, I will say.

Donald Trump: But Twitter, I think, is going to have a lot of problems because more and more people -- and they're not saying it to make me feel good. More and more people -- I'm sure you're seeing it. too. They think it's become very boring.

Candace Owens: Yeah, I agree. Absolutely. I absolutely miss you in the Twitter verse, and I'm going to -- I'm just going to ask you, because I know that you have to go, and I just want to ask you one more question because I'm sure you've gotten this question tons of times. But are you going to run in 2024? And if so, can I be your vice president?

Donald Trump: Oh, that's very interesting. Wow. What a good choice that would be. That would be fantastic.

Candace Owens: Trump-Owens '24.

Donald Trump: So. Yeah, I think it's a great -- it would be -- you would be fantastic. And, you know, I really appreciate the job you do, and everybody does. The answer is I'm absolutely enthused. I look forward to doing an announcement at the right time. As you know, it's very early, but I think people are going to be very, very happy when I make a certain announcement.

Donald Trump: And, you know, for campaign finance reasons, you really can't do it too early because it becomes a whole different thing. Otherwise, I'd give you an answer that I think you'd be very happy with. But -- so, we are looking at that very, very seriously. And, uh, all I say is, stay tuned.

Candace Owens: I guess we'll take you at your word, and that means that in 2024, Trump and Owens are going to be on the ticket. [Laughter] Thank you so much for your time, Mr. President. We look forward to hearing from you.

Donald Trump: Great job. Thanks, Candace.

Donald Trump: See you soon. Thank you.