Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-glenn-beck-program-podcast-january-28-2022

Howie Carr: Joining us now on The Howie Carr Show is former President Donald Trump, and it's great to have you here with us, Mr. President. And as you know, your opponent, Vice President Kamala Harris, is in New Hampshire, today. She's -- she's in the seacoast area speaking at, of all places, a, a brewery called Throwback Brewery.

Howie Carr: And she's talking about, uh, tax incentives for small businesses. Uh, would you like to react to her appearance in -- in New Hampshire, today?

Donald Trump: Well, what can you say? She makes few appearances where she says anything. She reads off a script. She's never doing interviews, she wouldn't do your show, I guarantee you that, she won't do any shows. And she's sort of like, uh, playing the basement. They played the basement with Biden and they're trying to do the same thing, but I think people are wise to her.

Donald Trump: She's a Marxist. Her father's a Marxist. Her father taught her, and that's what she is. And she's changed every single program, every policy that she's ever been involved in. And frankly, nobody's ever seen it like that. And if she ever became our president, our country would be destroyed. Almost instantly, we'd have a whole different country.

Donald Trump: And by somebody that has no right to even be thinking about doing that because I don't think she's earned her stripes. Uh, if you look at her career, everything she's touched has turned bad. San Francisco is not habitable now, and it was 15 years ago, it was the best city in the country. California is a disaster.

Donald Trump: She was the attorney general, destroyed it. You're allowed to go and rob stores but anything, please don't go over $950, and you won't be prosecuted. The whole thing with her is so bad, and now she's gone to MAGA. She wants to go to MAGA. She's coming out every day with, well, maybe we will build the wall, walls are wonderful.

Donald Trump: And maybe we will have a strong border. And she's changed like 14 policies and you know that, and you've been with politicians a long time. What they first come out with is where they go. She's a Marxist, not a good person, and it's a disgrace what she's doing to our country, a disgrace.

Howie Carr: She's the nominee, she never went to New Hampshire. Joe Biden never went to New Hampshire, during the primary. They -- they -- they changed the -- the date so that New Hampshire would no longer be the first in the nation primary, and now she's coming up promising to throw money at small businesses. Is it going to work?

Donald Trump: Well, when I campaigned recently in New Hampshire and won the primary, easily, if you remember, I used to say that. Will you please remember that they disrespected you. I always campaigned with the Democrats. You know. I was like everybody was passing each other. They were gone. They went to South Carolina and other places and they left New Hampshire in the dust.

Donald Trump: And that's a big thing for New Hampshire, you know, being first has always been with Iowa and New Hampshire was a tandem, and that was a tandem for many, many years. And that was a big thing. You start Iowa and New Hampshire, and they changed it. And the Democrats changed it and put you at the sort of in a sense at the bottom of the pack.

Donald Trump: And I only hope the people of New Hampshire remember it because if I did it, I did just the opposite. I put you there. I left you there and I made a strong statement. But -- but I hope, and I said this, I hope the people of New Hampshire remember what they did because what they did was a real insult to New Hampshire.

Howie Carr: The debate now is six days away. Do you think Kamala Harris is really going to show up for the ABC debate?

Donald Trump: Well, she's got a big advantage in ABC. It's probably the worst news organization there is, in terms of fairness. They have George Papadopoulos, who's a disaster, a loser, and they have others. Uh, we'll have to see with, uh, their anchor, who I like. He's a nice man, a nice guy, but I think he's totally controlled by, uh, by the rest of them.

Donald Trump: Their management is radical left; their management is very friendly with her. You know, their top person is best friends with her and her husband. So I think that's very unfair. But I also say you have to debate and I'm willing to do it, but everybody's watching to see whether or not ABC can be fair. They are absolutely worse than NBC, which is almost impossible to be. They're worse than CBS. Certainly, uh, I will say I was treated very fairly by CNN. They really did treat me, fairly.

Donald Trump: I used to call him Jake; I won't even say it. I used to call him fake. I used to call him Fake Tapper. Now he's back to Jake. He treated me fairly and so did Dana Bash treat me fairly. I think Dana hurt herself with that ridiculous interview of Kamala because that was a total setup.

Howie Carr: What did you make --

Donald Trump: -- That was a terrible interview. What did you make of Kamala's southern accent that she used in Detroit on Labor Day and then how a few hours later, when she got to Pittsburgh, she went back to her normal accent. What's -- what's up with that? I thought it was -- I thought it was disgraceful, actually. I thought it was bad.

Donald Trump: Uh, but I think what she does is bad. Look, she is -- she wants to put our country out of business. She didn't want walls. She didn't want anything. I mean, everything leftist, uh, she -- she wants to get rid of your health insurance, your private health insurance. She wants to raise your taxes at levels never seen before.

Donald Trump: She wants to terminate the Trump tax cuts. Those are the biggest tax cuts ever gotten, and she wants to terminate them. If you terminate those tax cuts that I got, taxes will go up by about four times in our country. It will be the biggest -- just determination will mean the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, just determination, So she wants to terminate the Trump tax cuts.

Donald Trump: I think it would be, uh, I mean, a lot of people say it would lead to a depression in our country, if she does that.

Howie Carr: Yeah, 91 percent of the population would get a tax increase. But now she's going up to New Hampshire, today, and says she's going to give, you know, handouts to small businesses, quote, unquote, "tax incentives."

Donald Trump: Yeah, it won't happen.

Howie Carr: Let me ask you about voter fraud. My -- my listeners remain very concerned, despite all the lawsuits that your campaign and the RNC have been filing. Can you reassure them that you're going to have it under control on a -- on election day, so we won't see a repeat of 2020?

Donald Trump: Well, look, they should be concerned. We have to swamp them. They cheat like hell, they are cheaters and they always have been. They've been for a long time, and the last election was a great example of it. We did so well. I got millions of more votes, millions and millions more votes than I did the first time, did much better than the first time.

Donald Trump: And they used COVID, they rigged the election, and it's a disgrace. But with all that being said, I like too big to rig, you know, just get out and vote. We got to win it, and then we got to change it around change the elections around because what's happening in this country. You know, you need walls, meaning, you need borders.

Donald Trump: You got to have borders and we built hundreds of miles of wall and we established the best -- the single best immigration situation we've ever had, meaning, the most effective southern border we've ever had in the history of our country. And you need that and you need fair elections because if you don't have borders and if you don't have fair elections, you don't have a country.

Donald Trump: And we have very, very -- we have bad elections. Let's face it, we have bad elections. We're like a third world country, and nobody's ever had a border like we had. We had probably 20 million people coming over that border during their term. And many of these people come from prisons and jails. There's a slight difference, I always explain, there is a slight difference, one is more severe than the other.

Donald Trump: But prisons and jails and mental institutions and insane asylums, and many terrorists are coming into our country at levels that we've never seen, before. And now you see in -- in different places like Aurora and Chicago, you see Venezuelans and all of these migrants coming in and they're doing just as I said.

Donald Trump: Trump was right about everything. They're taking over cities, they're taking over Aurora, they're taking over cities with AK47s. They have the best machine guns and the best weapons you've ever seen. They have top military style weapons; they're taking over communities. And it's -- it's just like I said it was going to be, the Venezuela and other countries, many other countries.

Donald Trump: And who wouldn't do it? If I was leading a country, I'd do it. They took their criminals out of their country and bust them into the United States and dumped them here and said, if you come back, we're going to kill you. And we are living with all these criminals, now. You know that, in Venezuela, crime is down 72 percent because they've taken their criminals, they've emptied their jails, by the way.

Donald Trump: They're not totally empty yet. They're down by massive numbers but they will be very shortly, and taken all of their prisoners and dumped them into the United States. And we take it. We are led by the worst, stupidest people in history, and she leads it and she's a radical Marxist; it's OK with her. She's the one that backed all the crime that took place in Minnesota and got them out on bail.

Donald Trump: You know, she got them out on bail and nothing happened to those people. Nothing happened, but J6 it all happens, right.

Howie Carr: Yeah, let me ask you about the -- the -- the college students are back now, and you've seen the anti-Israel riots have already resumed at places like Colombia. The UK, under the new Socialist Prime Minister, has cut off some arms shipments to Israel. What would -- what would you do, right now, to shore up Israel and defeat Hamas and Iran and in these -- in these riots on college campuses that seem to be starting up again?

Donald Trump: Sure, you have to stop the riots, you have to bring in the police. You know, Columbia doesn't even want to bring in the police. They're ripping the place apart and they don't want to bring because it's this Marxist theology. It's this Marxist stuff that you read about with her. She's a Marxist. She wants that to happen.

Donald Trump: She's only, you know, using the small business. Today, she's in New Hampshire talking about small business. She knows nothing about small business. And she was there for Afghanistan decision, which was the most embarrassing moment in history. And then when I went, at the request of the incredible, uh, patriots who -- who lost their son and sons and in the case of, in this case, a daughter.

Donald Trump: But at their request, I went to Arlington National Cemetery. And it was a tough thing to do because I was in an area which was made it very tough for me to get there. And I got there on time and I spent time with them. I know them from -- from being with them, they're incredible people. They were horribly treated and they were also, what happened to their children, They were -- their children were killed.

Donald Trump: They were killed by Joe Biden and her. I call her Comrade Harris, because that's what she is. Uh, her -- their children, just as if they had a gun because the incompetence of Afghanistan was the killing of their children. And I went there and we spent -- I spent a lot of time there. I went to a ceremony and then I went down to the graves and they asked me if I'd take pictures with them and the families at the graves, would I stand alone with the grave and all of this.

Donald Trump: And I didn't have people with me. I had a small group of people. I had a lot of Secret Service, but they -- so I did this and I get home that night and I see that they put out their PR machine saying Donald Trump used the death of soldiers for publicity, which is the last thing I did. And I said -- I denied it and you know what, those parents came out, and they totally turned it around.

Donald Trump: They were unbelievable. They said we -- we invited him, we invited him. We love him. He's the only one that was there for us, etc., etc. That they would do that was so nice. I mean, it was so nice. But we're dealing with bad people here with Kamala and, uh, and Crooked Joe. I call him Crooked Joe because it was never a more crooked president in our history.

Howie Carr: Biden said he worked, tirelessly, to free the hostages, they put out a statement when he was on vacation. On -- on Monday, he babbled that he'd spoken to the dead American hostage. Do you think there's an actual chance that he would be removed by the Democrats so that she can run in the final weeks as the actual president?

Howie Carr: I mean, he's not in control, obviously.

Donald Trump: No, well, he only worked tirelessly to try and move his beach chair which is, you know, weighs about six ounces, and he can hardly lift it. He can't lift his feet out of the sand. Somebody convinced him that he looks good in a bathing suit. And you know, it's amazing, he's sleeping on the beach during the weekday and he's sleeping, he's dead cold out.

Donald Trump: And I said, you know, if you're president, you don't want to be seen sleeping and you don't want to be on a beach. And during the week, we're not even talking weekends. He's there all the time. Somebody has him convinced that this is a good look; I don't think so. I don't think so. Could you -- could you imagine President XI of China -- who's a workhorse, by the way -- but could you imagine President XI of China sleeping unconscious like sleeping on a beach during the week?

Donald Trump: I don't think so.

Howie Carr: KJP, yesterday, at her news briefing, she said that grocery prices are down -- grocery prices are down. Have you noticed that, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: No. Grocery prices aren't down. Inflation is slowing, but the 40, 50, 60 percent that everybody had to eat, that's there and that hasn't come down at all. In fact, that's gone up. And you know, you say, look, this is probably the worst inflation we've ever had in our country. And they're being helped by OPEC. You know, OPEC is helping them with the fuel because they want to have O'Biden back.

Donald Trump: You know, they -- they desperately because they've taken advantage of them, totally. You know, they want to have that -- that group back, but OPEC is helping them trying to keep the energy costs down. But we don't need anybody. We have enough. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia.

Donald Trump: But they're trying to help get these people in because for a lot of other reasons, not just energy. They take advantage of our country, horribly.

Howie Carr: You know, RFK Jr endorsed you and it was a -- it was a great speech that he made. He said in an interview that you had told him that you would release in -- in your next term, the JFK assassination files. And he also said that Mike Pompeo, the Secretary of State talked you out of doing it in 2020. Is that true that he, that Mike Pompeo talked you out of that, and will you release the JFK assassination files?

Donald Trump: I will, and will do it rather quickly. There were other people, Mike, also, for whatever reason, but there were some other people also that didn't want to do it. And I did release a lot. You know, I released, I think half of it. And I said rather than having people in the administration that felt strongly about it, I thought it was better not.

Donald Trump: But I'll be releasing them in -- within the first week of, uh, of the term. Yeah, I'll get it out.

Howie Carr: OK, and have you thought about, uh, a position for, uh, for, uh, RFK? I was talking to some people over the weekend, and they said maybe he'd be a good chief of staff. They just threw that out, better than a cabinet secretary. Have you discussed any specific, uh, posts with him?

Donald Trump: No, but I would -- I'd love to have him involved. Look, he's a very unusual guy and he's got some unusual views but, perhaps, very correct views. I mean, he's very big into the world of health, as you know that and, uh, pesticides and what you eat, what you put in your body. And he's a very smart guy and I find him -- you know, I've known him a long time.

Donald Trump: This is not something new. I've known him a long time and, uh, I think I understand him as well as anybody can. And he's a different kind of a guy, but he's a very good person. And I think that, you know, I would -- I would love to have him involved, but I haven't -- I haven't discussed anything specific.

Donald Trump: I was very honored when he -- when he did that. You know they wanted him and they wanted him, badly. They didn't want to say that, but they wanted him. And after all, he's a Kennedy and a Kennedy means a Democrat, and maybe that's changing because nobody wants to go. These are no longer Democrats. These are radical left freaks that we have in our government, today.

Donald Trump: These aren't Democrats. They weaponize government. They have -- they put gag orders on me. I'm a candidate. How about that? I'm a candidate, and I want to answer questions, but I'm not allowed to because I'm gagged by, uh, a judge who's -- who's just -- it's not even believable, OK, what's going on there.

Donald Trump: It's not even believable. But can you imagine they gagged the Republican candidate and now, as you see, I'm leading in the polls. The leading candidate for president has a gag order that I'm not allowed to talk about things, where there's plenty to talk about.

Howie Carr: Yeah, Nate Silver says this morning that you have a 56.7 percent chance of winning. That's getting into landslide territory, if it were the popular vote, you know. I mean, you're the favorite, but they've got -- you've got this sentencing date coming up on September 18th. Are you concerned about this? What do you see happening with this -- this nonsense in New York?

Donald Trump: It's a -- it's a rigged, it's a rigged court system, it's a disgrace what's going on. You know, that particular case, every single legal scholar that you read about, uh, Mark Levin, uh, McCarthy and Turley, Jonathan Turley and every one of them, uh, Jarrett, who's fantastic for Fox, every single scholar, including Rifkin and lots of others, said there is no case.

Donald Trump: But this judge made it so that there would be a case by taking nonexistent misdemeanors. I mean, what he did, non-existent misdemeanors that would have expired years before. And it's -- it's so unbelievable, the whole New York court system. And I told my people, I said that's because as you know, we won the big case in Florida.

Donald Trump: That was the one that they all talked about and we had a brilliant, a brilliant -- I don't know the judge. We had a brilliant judge who was strong. They played the ref with her saying as many bad things as they could. And you know, a lot of judges succumb to that, Howie, where, uh, take a -- take a look.

Donald Trump: I mean, so many of those judges, Howie, succumbed to, you know, you're not a good judge. You're not moving fast, you're not this. Oh, they were playing the ref like you wouldn't believe it. And she's --

Howie Carr: -- We're running out time.

Donald Trump: -- She exhausted off --

Howie Carr: -- I'm running out of time. I want to ask you one more thing. There was a -- there was another arrest, uh, of a Red Chinese spy who worked for the Democrats, yesterday. This time, it was a former aide to Governor Hochul caught red-handed, as the headline in the New York Post -- caught red handed. You know, all of these -- all of these people, Dianne Feinstein's driver, Eric Swalwell's girlfriend, the -- the Harvard professor, all these.

Donald Trump: What is it with the Democrats and taking money from the Red Chinese? Well, Swalwell was a beauty. He had the Chinese girl that played him like a sucker, and he's on like intelligence, the Intelligence Committee. And crazy Nancy Pelosi refused to move him off. And yet he's with a Chinese spy who was a beautiful Chinese spy, and she played him like a fiddle and then dumped him.

Donald Trump: The whole thing is crazy and they wouldn't take him off the Intelligence Committee or whatever committee;, it was a big one. And now you have it. I mean, look, they -- they don't respect our country, they take advantage of our country and I'm the only one that was wise to it. I've charged them hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes.

Donald Trump: No other president got anything. In fact, so much that Biden wants to take the tariffs off them but they can't because there's so much money that comes in from the Trump tariffs. And we are -- look, uh, if we get in -- I know this system better than anybody else. We're going to have a country that's greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: But if we're going to go through four more years of millions of people coming in, coming in from prisons and mental institutions and terrorists, we're going to have another four years of that. We will have 100, more than 100 million people let into our country. Many of them are criminals, many of them, a big percentage of them are criminals.

Donald Trump: They're destroying our country, and we have to stop it. And she wants it to come. I don't know why because there's nothing good that can happen, but she wants that to be the case. She wants open borders, and that's what will happen. She can say all she wants that she wants to close the borders, she wants open borders.

Donald Trump: And that's what -- that's what will happen. We will have more than 100 million people swamp our country, and we're not going to have a country left. Your Social Security is going to be gone. Your Medicare is going to be gone. Your houses are going to be gone. We're going to be a Venezuela on steroids. That's exactly what she wants for this country.

Donald Trump: Why? That's the one part I can't figure out.

Howie Carr: Mr. President, thank you very much for being with us. And you want to say a final few words to the people of New Hampshire, today, as Kamala Harris visits.

Donald Trump: She's a disaster, she's a Marxist, and we have to stop her from getting in there, trying to slide her in the back door by having her not say anything. She won't do interviews; she won't do anything. Hopefully, I'll have a very good debate and expose her for what she is. She's no good. She's ruined everything.

Donald Trump: San Francisco, California, everything is ruined, you can't even go back to those places. Vote for Trump. We're going to make America great again.