Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-inskeep-npr-january-11-2022

Note: [Steve Inskeep of NPR interviewed Donald Trump on the telephone on January 11, 2022. A full transcript of the interview was provided. However, the first 24.6% of the interview (by word count) was not published. The 75.4% was checked against audio and confirmed. Audio and transcript courtesy and copyright NPR. Link: https://cqrc.al/npr-20220111]

Donald Trump: Hello.

Steve Inskeep: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hello, Steve, how are you?

Steve Inskeep: I'm doing OK. Thanks for taking the time today. It's great to talk with you.

Donald Trump: OK. Absolutely. Absolutely.

Steve Inskeep: There's no reason that you would know this, but we first invited you on the program in 2015, so it's great to get you.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow. Well, I guess I -- I got lucky by not doing it, right? But that's OK.

Steve Inskeep: Maybe so. Maybe so, but you --

Donald Trump: Are we going live, Steve? Are we, uh --

Steve Inskeep: No, we're -- no, we're not going live. This is pre-taped, and --

Donald Trump: OK, fine.

Steve Inskeep: And I promised to keep it to about 15 minutes, so I'll do my best to do that.

Donald Trump: Very good. Very good, Steve.

Steve Inskeep: And why don't we just dive right in? I've got a lot to talk about. There's a lot to go over, but I want to begin briefly on the pandemic. What advice would you give to Americans who haven't chosen to get vaccinated?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, the mandate is really hurting our country. Now that's advice to an administration more so than to the Americans. A lot of Americans aren't standing for it, and it's hurting our country. It's hurting our economy very badly. And being very -- the proud person that did so well with therapeutics and, and vaccines and everything else and getting them done in record times, you know, I -- I have a lot to say on the subject.

Donald Trump: And one of the things I say is they have to start promoting and making the therapeutics more available, because we have great therapeutics, too, in addition to the vaccines.

Steve Inskeep: What is the advice on the vaccines, though?

Donald Trump: But the therapeutics -- The vaccines, I recommend taking them, but I think that has to be an individual choice. I mean, it's got to be individual, but I recommend taking them. Many people recommend them. And if some people don't want, they shouldn't have to take them. They can't be mandated, as the expression goes.

Donald Trump: And I think that's very important. Personally, I feel very comfortable having taken them. I've had absolutely no reverberation.

Steve Inskeep: Do you think the pandemic will continue as long as millions of people do choose not to vaccinate?

Donald Trump: I think it's going to phase out. You know, there are many people that have had it, if you look at the numbers. I don't know why they would be getting the vaccine for the most part, unless they were at a certain age group and they had certain problems, whether it's the high blood pressure --

Steve Inskeep: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- the diabetes and, you know, various things in particular. But, you know, we -- the administration has to start giving credit to people that had the China plague -- or call it whatever you want. But it came out of China, and it's a disaster for the world, to --

Steve Inskeep: People can be -- I'll mention that people can be reinfected, but I want to move on. South Dakota --

Donald Trump: No, they can be. They can be. But generally speaking, it's not as bad.

Note: [Audio begins here]

Steve Inskeep: Let me ask about another piece of news here. South Dakota Sen. Mike Rounds, as I think you know, was on ABC over the weekend. He spoke about the 2020 election and also referred to the election campaign that is now starting in 2022. Let's listen.

Note: [Begin audio clip]

Mike Rounds: [Audio clip] We simply did not win the election as Republicans for the presidency.... And if we simply look back and tell our people, don't vote, because, you know, there's cheating going on, then we're going to put ourselves in a -- in a -- in a huge disadvantage.

Note: [End audio clip]

Steve Inskeep: Couple of things to ask about there, Mr. President. Let's start with the politics. Is it a disadvantage for Republicans to keep talking about the 2020 election in 2022?

Donald Trump: No, I think it's an advantage, because otherwise they're going to do it again in '22 and '24. And Rounds is wrong on that, totally wrong. If you look at the numbers, if you look at the findings in Arizona, if you look at what's going on in Georgia, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, by the way -- and take a look at Wisconsin -- they're finding things that nobody thought possible.

Donald Trump: This was a corrupt election.

Steve Inskeep: I just have to point out Doug Logan -- to name one of the states that you just named -- Doug Logan, who ran the audit in Arizona that was set up by your allies, didn't find serious problems. This is a quote. "The ballots that were provided to us to count in the Coliseum very accurately correlate with the official canvass numbers." He raised a bunch of administrative issues but didn't find a problem that would have changed the result at all.

Donald Trump: The ballots may correspond, but look at the ballots themselves. The number of ballots doesn't mean anything. It's who signed the ballots, where did the ballots come from. What you really have to do in that report is look at the findings. And the findings are devastating for Arizona. They're devastating like nobody's seen before --

Steve Inskeep: Why did -- why did your --

Donald Trump: -- and other states are just as bad.

Steve Inskeep: Why did Republican officials in Arizona accept the results then?

Donald Trump: Because they're RINOs, and frankly, a lot of people are questioning that. Why would they? They fought very hard, the Maricopa County people. And people don't understand it, because all you have to do is look at the findings. And, just so you know, some of those people went before Congress a short while ago, and they were grilled by Congressman Biggs.

Donald Trump: You ought to take a look at their testimony. They weren't able to answer anything. He made them look like fools. They couldn't answer a thing. They got up and gave a beautiful statement. And then when it came time to ask, why this? Why that? What about these votes? What about those votes? They look like total fools.

Steve Inskeep: Let me read you some short quotes. The first is by one of the judges, one of the 10 judges you appointed, who ruled on this. And there were many judges, but 10 who you appointed. Brett Ludwig, U.S. District Court in Wisconsin, who was nominated by you in 2020. He's on the bench, and he says, quote, "This court allowed the plaintiff the chance to make his case, and he has lost on the merits." Another quote, Kory Langhofer, your own campaign attorney in Arizona, Nov. 12, 2020, quote, "We are not alleging fraud in this lawsuit.

Steve Inskeep: We are not alleging anyone stealing the election." And also Rudy Giuliani, your lawyer, Nov. 18, 2020, in Pennsylvania, quote, "This is not a fraud case." Your own lawyers had no evidence of fraud, they said in court they had no evidence of fraud, and the judges ruled against you every time on the merits.

Donald Trump: It was too early to ask for fraud and to talk about fraud. Rudy said that, because of the fact it was very early with the -- because that was obviously at a very, very -- that was a long time ago. The things that have found out have more than bore out what people thought and what people felt and what people found.

Donald Trump: When you look at Langhofer, I disagree with him as an attorney. I did not think he was a good attorney to hire. I don't know what his game is, but I will just say this: You look at the findings. You look at the number of votes. Go into Detroit and just ask yourself, is it true that there are more votes than there are voters?

Donald Trump: Look at Pennsylvania. Look at Philadelphia. Is it true that there were far more votes than there were voters?

Steve Inskeep: It is not true that there were far --

Donald Trump: Gee, that's a pretty tough thing to --

Steve Inskeep: It is not true.

Donald Trump: That's a pretty tough problem.

Steve Inskeep: It is not true that there were far more votes than voters. There was an early count. I've noticed you've talked about this in rallies and you've said, reportedly, this is true. I think even you know that that was an early report that was corrected later.

Donald Trump: Well, you take a look at it. You take a look at Detroit. In fact, they even had a hard time getting people to sign off on it because it was so out of balance. They called it out of balance. So you take a look at it. You know the real truth, Steve, and this election was a rigged election.

Steve Inskeep: Why is it that you think that the vast majority of your allies in the United States Senate are not standing behind you? We did have that statement by Mike Rounds.

Donald Trump: Because Mitch McConnell is a loser. And frankly, Mitch McConnell, if he were on the other side and if Schumer were put in his position, he would have been fighting this like you've never seen before. He would have been fighting this, because when you look at it, and this is long -- is a long way from over.

Donald Trump: You take a look at what's going on now in Pennsylvania. Take a look at what's going on in Wisconsin. You just take a look. Now, we had a lot of cases where the judges wouldn't hear him. We had a case in Nevada that was so good. You read the papers. It's impossible. The judge refused to even listen to it. We had many cases.

Donald Trump: In fact, they say, and I can't testify because it's been through a lot of systems, a lot of different systems. But they say, and they say very strongly, the judges just -- nobody's really gotten a chance to look. Look at the United States Supreme Court. They refused to hear the case. And you had, I guess, 19 states suing --

Steve Inskeep: They said, there was no standing to give the case. That's correct. Can I just ask --

Donald Trump: Well, yeah, no standing, I know, no standing. And the president of the United States supposedly didn't have standing, either. So I wanted to file it myself. They said, "Sir, you don't have standing." I said, "Wait a minute. I'm the president of the United States. They just rigged an election." Hundreds of thousands of votes in different states.

Donald Trump: They just rigged an election. We got -- we got a number of votes that, I think you'll agree -- no sitting president has ever gotten the number of votes that I got. No sitting president has ever gotten --

Steve Inskeep: Lot of votes. That's true. In -- lot of -- lot of -- you --

Donald Trump: No sitting president. Do you -- I -- nobody believes. You think Biden got 80 million votes? Because I don't believe it.

Steve Inskeep: It's true -- it's true that you got more than any sitting president in the election you've disputed.

Donald Trump: You mean he got them sitting in his basement. He got 80 -- how come he couldn't -- then how come Biden --

Steve Inskeep: If I can, Mr. President, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Let me ask you this question. How come Biden couldn't attract 20 people for a crowd? How come when he went to speak in different locations, nobody came to watch, but all of a sudden he got 80 million votes? Nobody believes that, Steve. Nobody believes that.

Steve Inskeep: If you'll forgive me, maybe because the election was about you. If I can just move on to ask, are you telling Republicans in 2022 that they must press your case on the past election in order to get your endorsement? Is that an absolute?

Donald Trump: They are going to do whatever they want to do -- whatever they have to do, they're going to do. But the ones that are smart -- the ones that know, you take a look at. Again, you take a look at how Kari Lake is doing, running for governor. She's very big on this issue. She's leading by a lot. People have no idea how big this issue is, and they don't want it to happen again.

Donald Trump: It shouldn't be allowed to happen, and they don't want it to happen again.

Steve Inskeep: I want to --

Donald Trump: And the only way it's not going to happen again is you have to solve the problem of the presidential rigged election of 2020.

Steve Inskeep: Mr. President, if I --

Donald Trump: So Steve, thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Steve Inskeep: Whoa, whoa, whoa, I have one more question. I want to ask about a court hearing yesterday on Jan. 6. Judge Amit Mehta... He's gone. OK.