Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-todd-starnes-podcast-september-22-2022

Todd Starnes: Well, we have a lot going on today on the program, a lot of great guests, but just a few moments ago, we were able to have an exclusive conversation with President Trump. And what we're going to do, it's a little bit different. We normally don't do interviews right out of the gate, but the president dropped a lot of bombshells during this interview.

Todd Starnes: And we're going to -- we're going to want to talk about those throughout the rest of the program. So let's go now to that interview we just wrapped up with the president. I want to go live to the Patriot Mobile Newsmaker line. What an honor to visit once again with our great President, Donald Trump. Mr. President, welcome back to the show.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Todd, and it's been a while but not that long and I look forward to talking to you again.

Todd Starnes: You know, Mr. President, a couple -- you know, it was back in November, you invited me down to Mar-a-Lago. We had a great conversation for the new book. Got a call two weeks ago from an investigative reporter at Forbes Magazine and they literally asked me, did -- did President Trump give you, Todd Starnes, any classified documents?

Todd Starnes: And I said the president gave me a delicious and refreshing Diet Coke. He was -- he was a very kind and offered great hospitality at Mar-a-Lago.

Donald Trump: These people are sick, Todd, they're sick people. Can you imagine -- and it's constant, it's just constant and what this country is going through. We're fighting from within and we're fighting from the outside. But the ones from within are more dangerous. You understand, they are just horrible, horrible people.

Todd Starnes: They're terrible, Mr. President. And I get this question a lot. Uh, how -- how do you cope with all of this? I'm not sure the average American could put up with all of the crap you get, and part of my language, sir. But the cramp you get from the -- the deep state and the mainstream media and the Democrats.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I get it a lot. Two days ago, a friend of mine, I actually mentioned it, last night. I was -- I was doing a friend of yours, Sean Hannity. I did a show last night and I think it's going to be on tonight, also. It's a double whammy. We had it going so good that I think he got two hours out of it, you want to know the truth.

Todd Starnes: Wow.

Donald Trump: Great, but -- but, uh, I mentioned that a guy came up, very successful man, probably you heard of him. I won't give you his name, but a very successful guy. And he asked me, pulled me aside, he said, could I ask you a question? How do you take it? How do you take what they do? And I said, do I have a choice?

Donald Trump: I mean, you know, it'd be wonderful if I had a choice; I don't. These people are sick. I really believe they hate our country. There's something wrong when you don't want to have borders, when you don't want to have low gasoline prices and energy prices. We were energy independent and even dominant. We were getting to be dominant.

Donald Trump: We would have been more dominant than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined, in a short while. But you know, all these different things that we did with the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts, everything, no inflation. We had a thing going so good. And you know, to think that we had it going so good and how can anybody be against a border, when you look at what's happening.

Donald Trump: You know, you probably heard, two days ago, Venezuela dumped their prisoners into the United States of America. You saw that they opened up their jail cells.

Todd Starnes: Very bad people, very bad people, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's right, but it's not only Venezuela. In fact, I'm surprised it took them so long because frankly, other countries, we have 129 different countries, many of them have already done the same thing. They're emptying their prisons into the United States. And that's one thing we're going to have to live with that for a long time, a long time.

Donald Trump: What they're doing is they're poisoning, they're literally poisoning our country.

Todd Starnes: What do you think the end game of all of that is, Mr. President, flooding these illegals and letting them invade our country? What is -- what's the end game?

Donald Trump: I don't even think they know. You know, they say, oh, they want the votes. You know, frankly, I'm doing so well with the Hispanic votes. I think they're going to vote for me, but -- but they want the votes. I think, you know, you hear all these sophisticated plans. I don't even think -- I think they want to ruin the country.

Donald Trump: I really do. I think there's something about it. They want to destroy our country when -- there is nothing good about that. Let people come in, but they have to come in through a process. They have to come in, legally. But it's -- there's just nothing else you can think of. I mean, who would do that? They don't need the votes because they cheat so much.

Donald Trump: You know, they cheat, and they get the votes. So why do they have to do that? Uh, it's, uh, it's a question you get asked, you know, why are they doing that? Who would believe in open borders? Who would believe in defund the police? I mean, you tell me, Todd, who would believe in defund. I see where in a couple of places, I won't even mention them because I like the people, that, uh, are involved in some ways.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're sort of being shut out, but in a couple of places, it's two and a half to four and a half hours call time. So if you're being raped and you call the police, they'll show up within two and a half to four and a half hours, you know. It's out of control. All Democrat run areas, every one of them.

Todd Starnes: Oh, Mr. President, we broadcast our show from my hometown, Memphis, Tennessee, and it's a war zone around here. And now we've got a George Soros district attorney. Um, I -- people are just fed up and they're fed up with the crime and the violence. And, uh, you know, moving to the midterms, do you -- would you recommend that the Republicans unify around some messages, maybe a contract with the American people?

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to announce a contract on Friday. They're going to announce, I think it will be very strong. It's a contract with America. The House is doing it, and I think it's going to be very good. Uh, but you know, the contract is common sense, right? We want to have strong borders; we want to have strong military.

Donald Trump: We want to have energy independence. We, you know, we go down the list. I mean there's so many different things, low taxes, great education. We don't want men playing in women's sports, you know, little simple, things like that. And you're not even allowed to say that. That's very politically incorrect, OK?

Todd Starnes: True.

Donald Trump: For you to even have it on the air, I think you'd say, oh, sir, please don't mention that. You're not even allowed to say men and women's sports. You see -- you see the records that are being set in women's sports. They're breaking records at numbers that would have never happened. It's crazy.

Todd Starnes: It's true. On the Patriot mobile newsmaker line is our good friend and great American patriot, President Donald Trump. Uh, Mr. President, a few days ago, we got word. I know Fox News has been covering this. We've been talking about it. This 18 year old kid from North Dakota, a Republican, uh, the guy who mowed him down, accused him of being part of a Republican extremist group.

Todd Starnes: That's the same language that Joe Biden used during that Darth Brandon speech in Philadelphia.

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, they say he got a lot of language, a lot of his hatred maybe from that speech. I mean, it was such a terrible speech in so many ways, including delivery. I think delivery was a big part of it. It was such a horrible setup with the lights, the red lights that CNN turned pink because they didn't like the look.

Donald Trump: They thought it was too, you know what. And, uh, it was, it was, uh, it was a terrible thing. Well, that's the way they are. And that's -- that's the true Democrat. I mean, I never saw Biden that much. He was never an outstanding person. I never saw Biden like he turned out to be. He's turned out to be far worse than Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: Actually, Bernie Sanders cannot believe what's happening. Somebody told me the other day that Bernie Sanders isn't believing this whole thing. Yesterday, he spoke at the United Nations, Biden. And all he wanted to talk about was climate change. Now the big climate change, the thing that's going to change the climate is a nuclear weapon, if we're not careful.

Donald Trump: And we're going to end up in World War III, if we're not careful. He talked about that for about two seconds and then he goes on about climate change is the biggest threat. And the whole place is rolling its eyes. It's crazy what's happening.

Todd Starnes: I want you to weigh in on this Letitia James. This is a crazy story here, and I want to get to the lawsuit in a moment. But she wants -- she said she wanted you out of New York City. Now, I lived in -- I lived in New York for 15 years when I was at Fox News, and I'm not sure the average American understands the impact that your company has had in that city and the great things you did, from the buildings to the ice skating rink.

Todd Starnes: Uh, what sort of -- what sort of --

Donald Trump: -- Convention centers.

Todd Starnes: Oh, unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Buildings all over the city.

Todd Starnes: What sort of an impact is that going to have, Mr. President, if they force all of your business out of New York City?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't -- I think it's, um, look, this is a racist attorney general. She's no good. She's a whack job. I never thought she was bringing the case because they don't have a case. In fact, if you look at the reviews, the Wall Street Journal, today, has an editorial, the most ridiculous thing on values.

Donald Trump: And I think the values are low, in many cases. Actually, they're very low in many cases. And you'll see that. But this is a terrible person who campaigned on, I'll get Trump. I'll get Trump. She campaigned on it. She's got nothing. She couldn't even answer questions yesterday when they were asking her questions.

Donald Trump: She's dumb as a rock, and she's angry. She's an angry person, and she's being killed by this thing. It's really pretty amazing., actually. I wasn't sure if that was going to happen or not, but she's, uh, she's angry, vicious and dumb. That's a very bad combination.

Todd Starnes: Mr. President, we don't have a lot of time, and I do want to get to -- I want to get back to this raid. I heard some rumblings that, I mean, you guys are still trying to figure out what all the FBI took. And I understand -- I was -- I heard somewhere that maybe they -- they might have taken your will.

Donald Trump: I think they took my will . I'm trying to find it. Now the bad part about that is, if I left somebody a little bit too little, they're going to be reading about it and I'll have somebody with a long face in front of me, right. Now, my will is not there.

Todd Starnes: That's never good.

Donald Trump: That's never good. Somebody's got my will. So anyway, but it's -- I think it's -- it's disgraceful what they did. And you know, my poll numbers are the highest they've ever been, right now, because of all this stuff and -- and because of the job we did for four years, in all fairness. People are longing for it, like the book journey together.

Donald Trump: The book sold so well because people -- they're almost romanticizing about what it was, even with all the witch hunts and everything else. Practically no president has done what we did with everything with the biggest tax cuts and the biggest everything. Rebuild -- I rebuilt our military. Then we gave 85 billion of it to the Taliban.

Donald Trump: Can you believe that; 85 billion. And I think the lowest point in the history of our country, personally, I think that was the lowest point. The wall is horrible. You know, coming through, we had -- we built the wall, we completed the wall and then I said let's build some more. We're building 200 miles more.

Donald Trump: Could have had it done in a period of three weeks, and they decided not to do it. And that that was like the first signal. I said no way, and they said, yep, they decided not to do it. And uh, so there's something -- there's something they're doing, Todd, but they're very, uh, they're very ill people. They really are.

Todd Starnes: You're right. You know, I saw a meme the other day, Mr. President, that they were actually -- it was a live cam shot of Martha's Vineyard, and I think they were actually building the wall around Martha's Vineyard.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's funny. Oh, that's a great, that's great. That's -- that's great. Uh, so anyway, well, the wall worked.

Todd Starnes: Yes, it did.

Donald Trump: And we have the safest border in history, you know that. And uh, we had the lowest number of drugs coming in, the least amount of drugs coming in, in 50 years. We had a lot of things that because of the wall, because of all the wall we built. And we had the lowest number of that. We had human trafficking down to a much lower number.

Donald Trump: Now it's gone through the roof. Human trafficking now is through the roof. I mean, it's never been anywhere near what's happened now. It's very sad.

Todd Starnes: Mr. President, we have 60 seconds, and I've got to talk about this awesome rally coming up in North Carolina, this weekend. It's going to be a lot of fun.

Donald Trump: Well, it's going to be, and we're there honoring Ted Budd. As you know, it's fantastic and your lieutenant governor, Mark Robinson, I hope you love him because he's a fantastic guy. He's great. And Ted, you know, is now, uh, leading substantially. He's a very, very popular guy and a great guy. And I think he's going to have a tremendous -- really, a tremendous victory.

Donald Trump: And I hope you're going to be there.

Todd Starnes: It's going to be a great weekend in North Carolina. And Mr. President, there are people all over this country. Uh, our audience, border to border, coast to coast, they are Trump fans and we appreciate you taking time, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And I'm your fan, and thank you very much. I really appreciate it, Todd. I'll see you soon. OK.

Todd Starnes: All right, Mr. President. Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump on the Patriot mobile newsmaker line.