Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-glenn-beck-blaze-tv-january-5-2022

Glenn Beck: Mr. President, thank you for granting us this interview. I asked the audience what they wanted me to talk to you about and overwhelming, was please just first thank him for everything that he's done. One of them said this, but it was the reflection of all of them. "Please tell the President, we have not forgotten what he did for us and what he sacrificed for us."

Glenn Beck: We really need to hear now. Can we get out of this mess? There's the deep state, the GOP school choice, China and Taiwan, Russia and Ukraine, the gas prices, the FBI targeting parents. I'd like to start with you on the economy and talk to me about how we can turn it around and what does permanent damage on the economy.

Glenn Beck: Is this just the natural consequence of shutting the world down for a pandemic or is this the policies that have been coming out?

Donald Trump: So, inflation is a big word and stagflation is even worse if you think of it, and we have lots of both. And a lot of that's caused, in my opinion, by energy. They shut our energy off, they got rid of ANWR. Can you believe that? After many, many decades Ronald Reagan tried to do it, he couldn't. We got it done.

Donald Trump: And Lisa Murkowski, who's a disaster senator out there, approved somebody, her vote was the final vote whose first order was to close up ANWR. That's the biggest drilling site, maybe bigger than Saudi Arabia, in Alaska and so many other things. But you know, it all begins with energy because it just -- the trucks, the cars, the bakeries, the ovens, the stoves, everything, the planes, everything.

Donald Trump: It's such a big number. And when I left it was $1.87 a gallon for gasoline. Now, in California, it was just announced $7.77 and the rest is all following.

Glenn Beck: What they're doing now is because they believe that we have to be petroleum-free --

Donald Trump: Which is just crazy.

Glenn Beck: Insane. We are not ready even in 10 years. Can't we -- is there a way to focus and get the entrepreneurs to work on the things for the future while still pumping petroleum? So you have both. We're reaching for the future, but we're not killing ourselves at the same time.

Donald Trump: So one thing is the other technology does not have the power to fire up our plants. It just doesn't have the power. Wind is extremely expensive. And by the way, the turbines are all made in Germany and they're all made in China, those two places. And assuming you're believing in atmospheric filth, which is what they talk about, when they make those turbines, no matter how much they save, if they save anything, the air is very dirty, assuming you believe that.

Donald Trump: But turbines, very expensive, doesn't work, and it's very intermittent, and it doesn't have the power to do what you want to do. And by the way, kills all your birds and ruins your -- I mean, these magnificent landscapes that are just being decimated by wind, solar doesn't have the power. And by the way --

Glenn Beck: That's dirty to make.

Donald Trump: It's very tough to make and it's dirty. And by the way, you have to change them. You have to change those panels at the end of 10 -- everyone says, "Oh, great. We just" -- no. As soon as you start getting your money back, which actually takes 30 years.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, you don't.

Donald Trump: But in 10 years, you have to change the panels. Same thing in the wind. You take a look at those windmills after 10 years, they're beat to hell. And we have sitting -- we're sitting on top of liquid gold and the world doesn't want us to use it. And certainly, China doesn't want it. We have something China doesn't have, and they don't want us to use it, but it's real power.

Donald Trump: And if you look at China, they're opening up a massive coal plant every week or more. And it's not like, gee, it's going to stay within the confines. That stuff comes up, and it blows over to the United States. So, we clean it up, and it costs us a fortune. We can no longer compete with them. That's why I ended the so-called Paris climate accord because it was so one-sided. I know you like that. It was so --

Glenn Beck: Oh, yeah. I like that you canceled it. Yes.

Donald Trump: Well, we were going to spend $1 trillion over a short period of time and it was all against us.

Glenn Beck: And you know also that Paris climate accords, I never understood why they were so passionate about it. It's because that was the beginning of the banking control.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Glenn Beck: Right. Where they are now saying, "Well, I don't know if you're a brown company, we may not be able to give you a loan." This is all happening, and it's a fundamental transformation at a scale I don't think people understand. When Obama stopped deep sea drilling and pulled all of the drilling out, the concern was you don't just make a new one. Those are on 20-year, 30-year leases.

Donald Trump: Absolutely.

Glenn Beck: Are we going to be, in three years, in trouble if our banks are putting the small gas oil fracking-coal people out and fundamentally changing the structure for green energy? Can we recover from that quickly? No?

Donald Trump: No, because the green energy is not strong enough to fire up those plants and to all of those --

Glenn Beck: I'm saying though, let's just pretend that you're going to be president in three years. Can we turn this around and get on track?

Donald Trump: Quickly, we can.

Glenn Beck: Quickly.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we can. I mean we have to have optimism, and this is more than optimism. This is fact. We were energy-independent 11 months ago, totally energy independent. And now, we're going to OPEC to beg them for oil. We're going to OPEC, Saudi Arabia, Russia. We're going to Russia. We're making Russia so rich.

Donald Trump: You know when I ended the pipeline in Russia, everyone said, oh, I'm so nice to Russia. I got along great with Putin and with President Xi and with all of them. But there was never anybody tough like I was on that. And with the tariffs on China, we took in billions and billions of dollars, and frankly brought a lot of businesses back home because it no longer made sense for them to do things in China.

Donald Trump: But when they did the pipeline -- and look at Russia, their primary thing is oil and the cost. What we're doing is we're making them rich. When you see the kind of money that people are paying to OPEC, which includes Russia and Saudi Arabia, these people have never made this kind of money. This all happened over a short period of time.

Donald Trump: We would become energy-independent quickly. Energy will --

Glenn Beck: Again.

Donald Trump: Again. We were the -- for the first time ever.

Glenn Beck: I have to tell you, when I first heard that, I didn't think that was going to happen in my lifetime. We have talked about that forever. No one in the press talked about the fact that we were energy-independent. I remember the first time I heard that we were energy-independent, I heard it from you. It's astounding. And in a month we're back on --

Donald Trump: Well, they just turned everything off. I got it going. So, we were bigger than Russia, bigger than Saudi Arabia. In one year, we would have been bigger than both combined. Think of that. We were making a fortune. And it was great for jobs, great for everything, and it was also great for people to drive a car because they never had it so good.

Donald Trump: And now, all of a sudden, he just stopped the supply. I mean you look at what they did, they stopped it. They closed down rigs. They stopped the leasing of government lands.

Glenn Beck: Do you think there's any way possible that these things that are happening are just miscalculations? This seems so well-planned out to destroy us.

Donald Trump: It's so many things.

Glenn Beck: So many.

Donald Trump: And it's all self-inflicted. And then you start to say it must be on purpose. Millions of people are allowed to come into our country, prisons being emptied from many countries. You know, it used to be three or four, I'd say, but it's -- they had 121 countries now. Prisons, where people are being dumped into our country.

Glenn Beck: I know. We have 12 -- I think it was 12 that came out, 12 cities that are at their peak.

Donald Trump: Breaking, yeah.

Glenn Beck: Breaking records for homicides all run by Democrats.

Donald Trump: Breaking points. And many of those people that are causing the crime are coming through our southern border. We had the strongest border in history. Now, we have the weakest border in history. And that includes drugs. We brought drugs down 61%, and it was going to get better. And now I hear, it's fixed or six times more than it was at its worst. It's just coming through unimpeded.

Glenn Beck: One of the first things that Joe Biden did was to stop the Keystone pipeline and then say to Russia, "You can build your pipeline." That's something that Reagan -- forever, we've been saying, "Don't do that." Poland begged him, Ukraine begged him, "Don't do that." You had --

Donald Trump: I stopped it.

Glenn Beck: You had stopped it.

Donald Trump: It was done.

Glenn Beck: Correct. If you would have done that, people would have said, "See, he's" --

Donald Trump: He's friends with Putin.

Glenn Beck: Friends with Putin.

Donald Trump: He loves Putin, you know? It's like crazy.

Glenn Beck: I watched this is being taped in, what is it, November or December, and it would be airing in January. But I think it was this week, I watched Putin look at Joe Biden. I didn't see respect or fear from him, a fear of the United States or respect for the United States.

Donald Trump: It's true.

Glenn Beck: You know Putin, you know how he thinks, you know how to deal with him. Is he going to move into Ukraine, do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, it's looking like that. You know, when Biden told him about -- well, he was talking about sanctions. When Biden says sanctions, Putin is saying, "Sanctions, if they're only going to sanction, then there's no sanction that's going to stop me from taking over a country." And by the way, it's a massive piece of land in an unbelievable location.

Donald Trump: You know that. But he didn't say there could be very serious consequences. A sanction is not a serious consequence, no matter how strong it is, not when it comes to taking over a country. And there was no fear. Look, with China, there wasn't -- you didn't have planes flying over Taiwan. And I told President Xi, "You can't do that. You can't do that."

Donald Trump: We had a lot of great conversations right here at Mar-a-Lago when he was here. We talked for hours and hours. We got to know each other very well. I said, "You can't do Taiwan." And now, all of a sudden, as soon as I leave, they start flying over many bombers.

Glenn Beck: Tell me what happens to us. I mean, they always accused you of trying to dismantle NATO. NATO is falling apart and will mean nothing if we don't help Ukraine, and neither will any of our treaties, if they move into Taiwan and we do nothing. What does the world look like with Russia in Ukraine and China in Taiwan?

Donald Trump: Well, if that happens, but with NATO is very interesting, I had my first meeting, 28 countries including us. And I looked at the charts and I said, "Wait a minute. These people aren't paying." They're delinquent, OK? You know the word, a real estate term, they're delinquent. They're not paying. And I said at the first meeting, "You're not paying."

Donald Trump: And then I had a second meeting a number of months later, I said, "You have to pay." And somebody said, "Does that mean you won't protect us from Russia if we don't pay?" I said, "That's right. You have to pay." And you know what happened? Four hundred billion dollars came in, $400 billion. I said, "Why would we protect you? We're not here to protect Europe? And by the way, you take advantage of us on trade."

Donald Trump: That was the other thing I was doing. They're almost as bad as China on trade and nobody understands it. Nobody knows it. What they've done with so many different companies -- as an example, we can sell basically almost no farm product in. And I said to Angela Merkel, "How many Chevrolets do you have in the middle of Berlin?" She said, "Why? None."

Donald Trump: I said, "That's right." And we have millions of Mercedes-Benz and all of BMW. All of these car companies are floating it in. I said all of that's changing. Then we got hit with COVID, then I rebuilt it again. We rebuilt it a second time. Vaccines came in, in 9 months instead of 10 or 12 years. They thought it was going to take anywhere from 5 to 12 years.

Glenn Beck: By the time this airs, Joe Biden will have more people that died in this one year than under your watch. And he was supposed to fix it and he has the vaccines.

Donald Trump: That's right. He didn't fix anything. And actually, he scared people from taking the vaccine, which is really interesting.

Glenn Beck: I agree. You look at the chart, boom, it happens.

Donald Trump: You know, when I was there, we came up with it and everybody wanted it. When I left people really didn't want it, and then they do the mandates which is terrible, shouldn't do it.

Glenn Beck: Would you ever do anything like that?

Donald Trump: No. And they shouldn't have done it either. They scared everybody, and they hurt the economy very badly. You know, the mandates are one of the reasons you can't get anybody to work for you. The mandates have been a disaster, but I would like them to take the vaccine. But they have to do it if they want it.

Donald Trump: And you know what? There's plenty of people that would take it. I won't ask whether or not you've had it, but I had --

Glenn Beck: I had COVID quite badly.

Donald Trump: OK. And they don't give credit for that. If you have COVID, supposedly, it's as good.

Glenn Beck: Professionally, it's serious. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Supposedly, it's as good. Why wouldn't you get credit for that? They don't give credit for that. You need to get the vaccination, and it's ridiculous. But they don't trust the Biden administration, and that's why they're not doing it. With all of that being said, if we didn't come, I believe this would have been a 1917 catastrophe, you know, where perhaps 100 million people died.

Donald Trump: But all over the world, we saved 10 million people, 20 million. We may have saved 100 million. It was spreading like wildfire, but we have to keep our freedoms also, and they didn't do that.

Glenn Beck: I think when this was coming out of China, it was perfectly reasonable to shut everything down because we didn't know -- they were welding people into their homes in China. We had no idea, and they weren't being open.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they weld them in and they never opened them. That was the end of them.

Glenn Beck: Fauci, I wanted to give everybody the benefit of the doubt in those early days.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I understood.

Glenn Beck: We have done a ton of research. I did one of the biggest chalkboards I think I've ever done. They were using federal government money to do --

Donald Trump: Wuhan.

Glenn Beck: Yeah, and Wuhan.

Donald Trump: I stopped it. I was the one that stopped it.

Glenn Beck: You did, but I don't think Fauci cared about that. Fauci is now claiming he's science. Did you ever -- would he still be working for you today?

Donald Trump: No, not now, but he's a great promoter. He's not a great doctor, but he's a great promoter. But you have to understand, everything he wanted I didn't do. As an example, he wanted to keep it open to China. He ultimately was wrong about that and admitted it, and admitted that I saved tens of thousands of lives.

Donald Trump: He wanted to keep it open. I saw what was happening in Italy and France and Spain, and I closed it to Europe very early. You know, in China it was January, I closed it. And in Europe, it was shortly thereafter. We saved thousands and thousands of lives. He wanted to do that. And then his big -- one of them all is -- the masks are useless.

Donald Trump: They don't mean anything. And then all of a sudden, he wants you to wear 10 masks. You know, wear as many as you can, put them all over, and cover your ears, do everything. So, I didn't really do much of what he said. And he wasn't a big factor for me in a sense because of that.

Glenn Beck: I think he thinks the presidency works for him now.

Donald Trump: Well, he's totally controlling Biden, yeah. Now I'm saying, they are doing what he wants to do now, but I didn't do that. Remember, his big thing was to keep it open to China. I said, "Wait a minute, you have people." Now since then, we've learned so much about this disease. And when they locked down a city like New York, it was so bad.

Donald Trump: And yet it was totally locked down. It was locked down, and they were in worse shape than Texas and Florida and South Dakota and so many other places. They were doing worse. People that had no contact with other people were catching COVID or the China virus, as I call it, because it's a much more accurate term.

Donald Trump: And you think of it, Glenn, they have no access to anything and they were catching it. How did it happen? Who knows? But these lockdowns didn't work, and they were destroying the kids. They were destroying -- children have been set back so badly, not having gone to schools.

Glenn Beck: Horrible.

Donald Trump: So, badly.

Glenn Beck: I have a teenage son, and I've talked about this rarely, but because of the lockdown, being at school in my family, we had a suicide attempt, he attempted suicide.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I didn't know that.

Glenn Beck: And I've only talked about it once. The mental health of our kids is on the edge and no one's willing to talk about that consequence.

Donald Trump: It's incredible. And by the way, children, you talk about, but people -- look at the suicide rates, look at the depression, look at all of the other things. People have been destroyed with these lockdowns. It's so horrible the way they've handled it. And we understand the disease now. We understand it.

Donald Trump: We understood it quite a while ago. You look at Cuomo, where he was doing the grandstanding all over the place. He was a disaster. You know, I sent a hospital ship to New York. And I sent -- I built a hospital, 2,800 beds in the Javits Convention Center, and they didn't use it. They sent the people that were infected back into the nursing homes.

Glenn Beck: Nursing homes.

Donald Trump: I said, "Why aren't you using these things?" The captain, an admiral called, he said, "They're not using the ship." And we actually had it designed for COVID, which is, you know, different in terms of ventilation and everything else. Did an incredible job. We had a two-week turnaround. It was incredible the job they did.

Donald Trump: And we kept saying, "Where are the people?" And yet they're going back into nursing homes and people are dying. It was incredible. We did a great job. Some of these governors did a horrible job.

Glenn Beck: Let me pivot to schools. What is fascinating to me, before President Biden even walked into the Oval Office, he had just taken the oath, and his staff began executing an executive order. One of the first ones, if not the first one, was to pull the 1776 Commission report.

Donald Trump: Which I set up.

Glenn Beck: Which you set up. It was completely reasonable. I've read it. It is accurate history. And if you look at that, I thought at the time, "Why would that be your first priority?" We now know. And we have school boards running things into Marxist territory, pitting our kids against each other, and the FBI investigating parents.

Glenn Beck: A, is it time to get rid of the Department of Education and give the schools back to the states and to the parents?

Donald Trump: So, I wanted to do that. We would have done that or we would have done a very big form of it. You have people in Washington D.C. that don't even care about the kids. They're bureaucrats, they're working in Washington, and they're telling people in Iowa and they're telling people in Idaho and in other places, faraway places, where every place is different.

Donald Trump: They're telling them exactly what they're going to study. You don't need that. There should be a little coordination, like you have to learn English. You have to have some basic math, but what they were doing was terrible. And then what happened is it started getting into the whole cancel culture thing and all of the different things that you've been reading about, which is totally true. What they were doing, it's totally true.

Glenn Beck: And they're still doing it.

Donald Trump: You know, they tried to say with the Youngkin race, which was very good, which we helped him a lot. It would have been a big -- I'll tell you what. That would have been a terrible result if we didn't. But that was a good race, and people really saw what was happening with the schools. So, I think it's a great thing to get the heck out of Washington.

Donald Trump: You know, some of these states do a great -- a terrific job. They can't move because of the federal government. They can't do what they want to do. And look at where we stand internationally. We spend three times more for education per student than any other country in the world, and we're in 38th place.

Donald Trump: It's terrible. So, you give it back to the states, where the states -- and some of these states will do a fantastic job, not all of them. You have some that are badly run themselves. They're not going to do so well. But you'll have states that are doing a phenomenal job. They'll be doing a job like Norway, like Sweden.

Donald Trump: I hate to say this, like China. You know, China has great education. They do a fantastic job. They're rated number three, and for a small fraction of the money that we spend per student because that's the only way you can judge it. We spend three times more than any other country. Take the second country.

Donald Trump: We spend three times more. And some of these kids come out of school, they can't read or write, it's really bad.

Glenn Beck: So, the problem here is -- and you exposed this. And even I was uncomfortable when you said the press is the enemy of the people. You are right. I knew that deep state was a thing. This bureaucracy, that just doesn't answer to anybody. But I didn't realize how bad it was until you started to expose it. It just made a list.

Donald Trump: But you exposed it also. I remember you long before I got this involved, I used to get great press. Remember, before I ran for politics, I guess that's how I got elected.

Glenn Beck: Oh, I know. You are loved.

Donald Trump: I was the Boy Wonder. I was getting great press. I mean, historically, I would get pretty good press. Long before that, you were hitting the press pretty hard. They were also hitting you pretty hard, and you realized it was unfair.

Glenn Beck: Right.

Donald Trump: No, I said they're the enemy of the people. I came up with the fake news. And then one of the best of all names, they're fake news. But now I realize, it's not strong enough. They're really the corrupt news. They're very corrupt.

Glenn Beck: As I look at the deep state, let's just pretend you're going to run again, and you're president, two terms, you'll have four years. As I look at it, you have to pretty much clean house. At Justice, the FBI, CIA, NSC, NIH, the State Department, Treasury, HHS, Department of Education, and the Department of Energy, their roots are deep in those.

Donald Trump: Deep, many, many years.

Glenn Beck: Can you, in four years -- I know you're good at this, you'd had a show, you're fired. Can you fire and replace all of those things in four years?

Donald Trump: You pretty much have to -- look, when I got elected, I was only in Washington DC, 17 times, they say. I mean, I think it's about that right, but they did say. Of the 17, I never stayed overnight. And many of those times, were building a hotel, which is a beautiful hotel at the old Post Office, right, on Pennsylvania Avenue.

Donald Trump: So, I was never here. I never was into the world of the Washington, D.C. All of a sudden, I'm president. And I rely on people. We had great people. We had some great people, and we had some bad choices, too. The answer is yes, we have to do that, and it can be absolutely done. But I realized, as time went by, and I got to know -- I went from knowing nobody to knowing just about everybody.

Donald Trump: I know incredible people. And we did -- look, we rebuilt the military. We did so many different things that nobody -- including the vaccines, but we did so many things that nobody thought possible. You know, one, Right to Try, where the FDA is very slow with drugs. We got to cut in half, but still, if somebody is dying terminally ill, and we have something that's great, we now are able to give it to them because -- and it's working miracles, what's happening to people.

Donald Trump: It's incredible saving lives, but we did so many things. But now, I know what's happening. I know so many people that are so great that are longing to come in with the same attitude that you have of changing it. Now, for 30 years, whether it's Bush and some of the Republicans are -- honestly, some of these RINO Republicans are worse than --

Glenn Beck: Mitch McConnell.

Donald Trump: Mitch McConnell is a disaster. He's a total disaster. He gave up the debt ceiling for nothing. He just gave them the debt ceiling. He is a total disaster, Mitch. But when you take a look, the Republicans, we've had Bush, Clinton, Obama, and at that time many, many years of people being put into place.

Donald Trump: They've been there for 30 years, 35 years, has to be cleaned out, has to be cleaned out.

Glenn Beck: You did more with just your sheer force of you than any president I know of. You can't go in and do another four years. If you don't -- if you have the same kind of GOP support that you had last time, how do we get the GOP? What should the GOP and the people who vote that way, what should we be demanding right now?

Donald Trump: And I had great GOP support. Let me tell you, we have some great people. As you know, Jim Jordan and so many, Jim Banks, we have a lot of great people, great people. Remember this on the impeachment hoax, number one, in Congress, I got 196 votes to nothing. Nobody's ever heard of that, especially with the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: And with the Senate, other than Romney, who I lost a half a vote, I got 100% of the vote. We have some great support. We have great people, but we have to let them go to town, we have to let them go to town.

Glenn Beck: What does that mean?

Donald Trump: I don't think we have any -- we have to let the good ones do what they're doing. And I will say, and I've said it a lot, when I came into this job, I had two jobs, run the country and survive because I was investigated viciously from the day I came down the escalator with a very popular future First Lady.

Donald Trump: But I came down the escalator in Trump Tower, and I was under investigation from that day, and I had to run the country and I had to survive. And despite the fact that I had to survive and did survive, we did more than any president, virtually any president, when you look at all of the things we could go through.

Donald Trump: I'm so lengthy, including the rebuilding. And can you imagine? We rebuild our military and then they give $85 billion worth of that equipment to the Taliban, and they take the -- the generals move our military out before they take our citizens out.

Glenn Beck: I've always trusted our military. My son wanted to go into the military.

Donald Trump: It's been hurt very badly.

Glenn Beck: I don't know if I can tell my son to go in the military. I trust the military. I do not trust the command now.

Donald Trump: I call them the television generals. But remember this, I took over 100% of the caliphate, if you look at it, ISIS, the caliphate. I took over --

Glenn Beck: I'm the caliphate king. I watched, I know.

Donald Trump: And I took down al-Baghdadi. You know who al-Baghdadi was? And that was from day one. I said the military is great. We have great generals, but not these television guys like Milley. We have great generals, and I know a lot of them. And by the way, they were so supportive of me. Do you ever see the list of the generals and admirals in support of President Trump? But we took out 100% of the ISIS caliphate, think of that, in Syria, in Iraq, and got al-Baghdadi and Soleimani and so many others.

Donald Trump: And you know, the military is great, but the guys on television are terrible. Secretary of Defense, you take a look at what's happening over there. They made so many bad decisions. Think of this -- and don't believe that China, Russia, Kim Jong Un, Iran wasn't watching. When we surrendered in Afghanistan, it was like we surrendered to take the military out first and to leave American hostages.

Donald Trump: It's probably thousands of them and to take hundreds of thousands of people out of Afghanistan. We had no idea who they were. There are many terrorists in that group. Only 3% of them, it now turns out, were qualified to leave. But to do that and to lose soldiers -- we lost 13, but badly, badly wounded, meaning no arms, no legs, 28 soldiers, and 250 people overall were killed.

Donald Trump: This should have never happened. We had an understanding, I had with Abdul, he was the head, and he still is the head of the Taliban. In 18 months, not one American soldier was killed, and I wanted to get out more than anybody. You know that. I got it down to 2,500 soldiers. We were going to take everything out.

Donald Trump: All the equipment was starting. And I said, "I don't want to leave a nail, a screw, a bolt, a tank, a plane." Everything comes out. Even the tents that we used as the hangars. They said, "Sir, it's cheaper to leave it." I said, "We're taking everything and we were going to keep Bagram," very important because Bagram bombed the other five places.

Donald Trump: And I said, "Bomb them from air. Use it as practice." But we're keeping Bagram because it's right next to China, one hour away from where they make nuclear weapons. And to watch these people give up everything, and now China is occupying Bagram.

Glenn Beck: I will tell you, Mr. President, I've never said this to anybody, nobody knows this. You know, we went in and we rescued a lot of people in Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: Yes, that's right.

Glenn Beck: The State Department was so horrible, but one of the planes that they said we have to -- they have to fill, we had to fly out before we could get any of our other people out. Some of our own soldiers, my first plane we flew out after the collapse of the airport was filled with our own soldiers. And I have to tell you, we made the deal because that was the only deal that would get the other people out.

Glenn Beck: But when the United States of America leaves some of our own special forces back and needs a private charity to fly them out, it's reprehensible. Reprehensible.

Donald Trump: Not even believable, by the way. Not even believable. And I'm going to tell you, there's a fly on your hair.

Glenn Beck: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And you know what? The last time there was a fly in somebody's hair, didn't [Inaudible] so well.

Glenn Beck: I know, I know.

Donald Trump: I just saw a fly. Did you see that? You'll see it. And I said, "Do you know what? Get that fly off your hair."

Glenn Beck: Thank you. Before we leave, I know you're on a tight schedule. I think Melania was one of the best First Ladies, Jackie O quality. She restored the White House garden. She didn't change it. She restored it to Jackie O and got slaughtered for it.

Donald Trump: So beautiful, the job. So beautiful.

Glenn Beck: The book that you guys are putting out, the coffee-table book, A, I hope, it has focused somewhat on her work that she did. And B is, did you do a coffee-table picture book because there's another four years that you're going to have to write to put it into a real biography of your presidential years?

Donald Trump: So, we did a book, which has been selling like hotcakes, 150,000 in the first two weeks. And normally, a book like that won't sell to the same extent, you know, because they're waiting for the other book where I talk about a lot of stories. But I write about certain photos. And I did it really for a different reason.

Donald Trump: It's so sad our country right now, I don't think we've ever been lower. And despite all of the witch hunts and the phony, Russia, Russia, Russia, impeachments, it was a beautiful time. We had the greatest economy in history. We then had the China virus come in, and then I rebuilt the economy. I really rebuilt it twice.

Donald Trump: The second time harder than the first, but we had the greatest economy, the greatest everything. It was a glamor period. It was a beautiful period. And now, I see what's happening with energy, with inflation, with the military, with these clowns. And I said, "You know what? Let's put out a book talking about how beautiful it was because we're going to make it that way again."

Donald Trump: And it's people like you that really -- you have done such an incredible job. You give people hope. It's so important because there are not a lot of people that understand that word hope. But you give people hope and you have for a long time. And I really commend you on it.

Glenn Beck: Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. President. And I hope we get a chance to talk again, and I sincerely hope that you are running again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Glenn Beck: In four years. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.