Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-full-send-podcast-march-9-2022

Kyle Forgeard: We're at Mar-A-Lago. I can't even believe this is happening. We got Donald Trump, President of the United States, round of applause, round of applause.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Kyle Forgeard: Round of applause, man.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Kyle Forgeard: Really, really excited to be doing this.

Donald Trump: It's my honor, my honor. You come highly recommended by Dana White, and that's good enough for me.

Kyle Forgeard: So what did Dana say to you?

Donald Trump: Dana said you are a wonderful group of people. I guess you're friends of his and very good friends, the UFC thing. And he's done an incredible job, and he -- when he said that, I've been with Dana for a long time. He's been my friend for a long time, and I said that's good enough for me. But you do. You've done a great job.

Kyle Forgeard: We've become such good friends with Dana. We've always been fans of the UFC but kind of met him through his son, was a big fan of our content. So it's been a blessing to be able to be friends with Dana White. He's such a good guy.

Donald Trump: He is. He does -- I tell you, I don't know what would happen with UFC without him. That's one man -- they say you can always replace somebody. I'm not sure if that man is replaceable.

Kyle Forgeard: Definitely not.

Donald Trump: He's --

Kyle Forgeard: I don't know what's the UFC going to be like when Dana's gone.

Donald Trump: Well, he'll be there for a long time, so we're not going to have to worry about that, right? Don't you think?

Kyle Forgeard: I expected you to be rolling in here with no suit on, coming off the golf course. I was expecting you -- you're always rocking the suit.

Donald Trump: No, I'm a worker. I work hard. I work long hours, I work hard. I see what's going on with our country right now. It's never been in a position like this. Now we're going to get oil, I hear from Venezuela and Iran. Now think of this -- and Russia. If you would have told me that just a short while ago, we had oil at $30 a barrel and even less, and now we're up to -- you see what's happening today.

Donald Trump: You guys probably haven't because you've been sitting here for half an hour, but if you were watching -- every 10 minutes, it's going -- it's like a rocket ship going up, and that's costing the world. It's cost -- it's also fueling Russia, but it's costing the world. The energy has never gone -- it just broke a record, an all-time record per barrel, and there's never been anything like this.

Donald Trump: And we had it down to $30 a barrel and really even less in a sense. We had to fight to keep it up because we had so much of it. We were going to be twice as big as Russia and Saudi Arabia, combined, and that would have taken place in a very short while. We were already energy independent, and we already became No.

Donald Trump: 1. And now they cut way back, and it's all for the environment. And we had the cleanest air and the cleanest water yet recorded during my last year. So it's -- what's happening now is horrible. What's happening in Ukraine is -- it's genocide. It's -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. And because of modern technology and the cellphones and everything, you get to see all of these atrocities.

Donald Trump: You're seeing them on tape, on television. Nobody's ever seen anything like this.

Kyle Forgeard: So what you're saying is the gas price is that because of this conflict in Ukraine? Or is it like a combo of things?

Donald Trump: No, I don't. I think it's because of that a little bit, but we, right now, would have been -- if we left our policies in place, we would have been able to supply the world with energy, and you probably wouldn't have a war for a lot of reasons. Number one, Putin would not have done it. He would not have done it, and this would never have taken place if you had a person that did very well in the election.

Donald Trump: I'm being very nice when I say that to you. I'm being very kind. We did phenomenally in the election, 12 million more votes than we got the previous time. If the election, if we were running, if you had the Trump administration in there, there would be no war, number one. And number two, energy prices would have been down.

Donald Trump: War or no war, they would have been very low because we were dominant. We were becoming, I call it, energy dominance. We were dominant in energy and getting more so by the day.

Kyle Forgeard: Well, why wouldn't there have been a war because you were in office?

Donald Trump: No, because I understood Putin. I talked to Putin. I spoke to him about Ukraine, and I said, don't do it. And I won't go into the exact conversation. But under -- certain people ask, I'll tell them exactly what the conversation was. But we look weak. We look stupid. We look like we don't know what we're doing, and nobody's ever seen the country like this.

Donald Trump: And let me tell you, it really began, not only with a horrible weak border, but it really began when they so incompetently withdrew from Afghanistan. I got it down to 2,000 soldiers. We were going to withdraw, but we weren't leaving $85 billion worth of equipment. We weren't leaving dead soldiers. And I spoke to the Taliban, the leader, Abdul, and I said don't ever kill any of our soldiers.

Donald Trump: Don't ever kill one more soldier. We're going to hit you harder than you've ever been hit before, and we went 18 months without a soldier being killed, without an American being -- think of it, without an American being killed in Afghanistan, not Democrat-run Chicago or New York, but in Afghanistan in 18 months.

Donald Trump: And then they did this withdrawal which after 21 years was the right thing to do, but we were doing it. That's why we were down to 2,000 soldiers, but it was so incompetently handled between the death and the $85 billion. They have better equipment than almost any country in the world, and now Afghanistan is one of the largest seller of arms anywhere in the world because they're selling it.

Kyle Forgeard: I was going to say Afghanistan seems like it's overlooked at times right now. Like people forget about -- what is actually the current state of Afghanistan right now?

Donald Trump: Well, I hear it's a mess. I hear we're sending a lot of money to Afghanistan. If you can believe this, they're asking for money, and we're sending it. They have 700,000 machine guns, guns, rifles of all types. They're selling a lot of them. They don't need that many. They don't have -- there's no way they can use what we left.

Donald Trump: They have helicopters. They have planes. They're selling equipment to other countries. They're giving equipment to China and to Russia because they're going to re-engineer, de-engineer. They're going to come out with a helicopter just like our great helicopter. We have the greatest helicopters in the world.

Donald Trump: They now have them, and they're going to duplicate them. Afghanistan was, I think, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, the way we got out. We looked like we were surrendering, which, in a sense, I guess they were, to take the soldiers out before you take the American people out.

Donald Trump: American citizens are over there right now, trying to get out, and they can't. But to take the soldiers out first instead of last. First, you take the people, then you may take some people from Afghanistan, not hundreds of thousands. We have no idea who we took out. But to take -- we take the people, and we take all the equipment.

Donald Trump: And I said I don't want to leave a screw, a nut, a bolt. I want everything. "What about the hangars, sir?" Take them out. The big leather and plastic hangars with steel, I said you take them out. You take everything out.

Kyle Forgeard: What does that mean, take them out, though?

Donald Trump: Take them out, take them out of the country. What you do is you take them -- you take your equipment out. We left thousands and thousands of pairs of night goggles, never even unpacked, brand new, better than what we have, the latest model. All of the -- I understand 70,000 -- think of this because who has anything? 70,000 trucks and vehicles, 70,000.

Donald Trump: There's no company in this country that has that many, and a lot of them are armor plated, unbelievably expensive, like 10 times the cost of a vehicle itself. 70,000 vehicles, we left there, trucks and other vehicles. And I tell you, so Putin was watching. We were all watching. You guys were watching.

Donald Trump: And the level of incompetence and it looked like we ran. The airport, the riot, the bombs going off, killing our soldiers, 13 killed but many badly wounded. They don't talk about the ones with no legs and with no arms. And as bad as that and worse in a sense, I mean, some of our soldiers were so badly wounded, hurt, and nobody talks about that.

Donald Trump: We talk about the 13 dead. We talk about the unbelievable incompetence that period, that short period of time had. But I believe that that was the beginning because Putin would have never done it with me. He was never going to take over Ukraine.

Kyle Forgeard: Do you ever talk to Putin still?

Donald Trump: No. I haven't spoken to him since, but he was never, ever going to, certainly under the Trump administration. And I say zero chance. I don't say like I don't think zero chance he would have done it, and I spoke to him about it. Zero chance he would have done it.

Kyle Forgeard: Right. But you have --

Donald Trump: He saw the weakness. He saw Afghanistan, the way the incompetence of the withdrawal, the way they did, it was so bad. Who advised them to take soldiers out first and leave people behind? And the soldiers were in no danger. We had -- again, not one soldier was killed in 18 months, American soldier. And when they saw the incompetence, the gross incompetence of that, I believe that Putin was -- became a different man when he saw that.

Donald Trump: He viewed the United States differently. He no longer respected the United States. I believe that President Xi of China became a different man. They saw that, too. And they see the borders that are open. They see all of the horrible things that are happening at the border where millions and millions of people are flowing in.

Donald Trump: We have no idea who they are. I mean, I don't know exactly what your audience is, but you probably have a somewhat liberal audience, a young audience, and that's good. But whether --

Kyle Forgeard: I think it's pretty Republican now as well, a lot of support.

Donald Trump: It could be. But whatever it is, whether you're Republican, Democrat, liberal, conservative --

Kyle Forgeard: Why this never would have happened, the Russia, Ukraine thing, is because of your relationship, because you were stern with Putin, is that why?

Donald Trump: Well, not because of my relationship, but really because of the fact I told him he can't do it.

Kyle Forgeard: So can you pick up the phone call right now, make a call to Putin and say as a --you're not a president anymore. But as an American citizen, can you pick up the phone and resolve what's going on?

Donald Trump: First of all, you really have to be in a position where you're president, you are president, and you do that, and this would have never happened, 100% would have never happened. And we spoke about it because I knew that he had a love for it. Hey, look, they took over Crimea under Obama and Biden, but they took over Crimea, like Grant took Richmond, OK? They took it over.

Donald Trump: It was very quick, and they took it over a major, very powerful section, probably in many ways, the most powerful section. They have their submarine bases, and they took it over, and that was it. Nobody did anything about it. Under Bush, they took over Georgia, and I don't mean Georgia that we all know and love, I mean the other Georgia.

Donald Trump: And they took that over, and they took it over very easily without any repercussions, very, very easily. And now they're taking over the whole ball of wax under Biden, and it's really -- a really a disgraceful situation. It would have never happened. And we did talk about it. I mean, he definitely wanted Ukraine, loved Ukraine, would never have happened.

Kyle Forgeard: What do you see happening next then because it seems like the tensions are high? What -- how does this all end? Is this going to be like a long-term thing? How do you see it unfolding?

Donald Trump: Well -- and I said this a long time ago. If this happens, we are playing right into their hands. Green energy, the windmills, they don't work. They're too expensive. They kill all the birds. They ruin your landscapes, and yet the environmentalists love the windmills. And I've been preaching this for years, the windmills.

Donald Trump: And I had them way down, but the windmills are the most expensive energy you can have, and they don't work. And by the way, they last a period of 10 years. And by the time they start rusting and rotting all over the place, nobody ever takes them down. They just go on to the next piece of prairie or land and destroy that.

Donald Trump: It's incredible that they want -- but other forms of green energy, they don't have the power to power our factories. They're extremely expensive. And I preached loud and clear to Angela Merkel, you are making a tremendous deal by making this deal with Russia, with Nord Stream 2. And until I came along, nobody knew what Nord Stream 2 was.

Donald Trump: And you guys know that. I was telling her loud and clear and publicly. And in fact, I sent her something as a little gift. It was a white flag. It was a flag of surrender. She said, "But what is this?" I said that's a flag of surrender so that when Russia gets hostile, which they have, I mean, if you look at a history of a couple of hundred years with Germany and Russia has not been exactly pretty, whether it's World War 1, World War 2.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what's gone on. I sent her the white flag of surrender because she said it was 45%. I said it's 75% or 80% of their energy, and I told her that. And they wrote articles about it two years ago. You should look at those articles. I was exactly right. I said Russia has you in a position that you've never been in before if you do this deal.

Donald Trump: It's insane to do this deal. What are you doing? In the meantime, they closed down all of their plants. They closed down their nuclear, which even the environmentalists like nuclear, whether you like it or not. I understand both versions very strongly. But environmentally, it's probably the best thing.

Donald Trump: They closed down their nuclear plants. And they're reliant and I will say almost entirely if this thing ever played out, Germany is reliant on Nord Stream 2, the pipeline. [Commercial break] And I sent her the white flag of surrender. That's right. And it's turned out to be true. Nobody brings this up because the press never likes to talk about it, but nobody brings this up.

Donald Trump: But I said that's going to be -- it's going to go down as one of the dumbest deals ever made, along with lots of the dumb deals that the United States is making. So now I hear, and you guys were here waiting. But while you were waiting, I was listening that we're going to make a deal with Venezuela to get some of their oil capacity.

Donald Trump: And we're going to make a deal with Iran that wants to build a nuclear weapon. I ended the Iran deal. They would never would have had it. We would have had a deal. One week after the election, we would have had a deal with Iran, a really great deal. Because I told China you can't buy -- if you buy oil from Iran, there's no more business at all to be done with the United States, and they didn't.

Donald Trump: They bought very little. And Iran wanted to make a deal. Now China is buying massive amounts of oil, and Iran is becoming very rich. And just to finish off, the worst thing that's happening is that this administration and Obama, but this administration, Biden and Obama, and I was breaking it up, they have forced Russia and China together.

Donald Trump: They are now wonderful partners and add one, third country to it, Iran. So they now have Russia, Iran, and China. They have forced them together with their stupid foreign policy, and there's never been anything like it. These people are incompetent, and the media is allowing it to happen. The media is trying to say, "Oh, isn't this wonderful? This is so great."

Donald Trump: They don't say we have a world now that's more dangerous than ever before. The incompetence of Obama and the incompetence of Biden has forced Russia to -- think of it, Russia and China, from the time you're young people, you read that's the one -- you don't want to ever force -- and they were natural enemies because of their border.

Donald Trump: You never want to force them together. They've been forced together, and now you add Iran because they're in the group, too. And that's very lethal. That's very lethal.

Kyle Forgeard: Donald, does it suck that -- like does it suck that you can't say these things because of big tech like censoring you and stuff like that? How much does that bother you?

Donald Trump: Such a great question. They -- the press in our country, the media is very corrupt, unbelievably corrupt. If we talk about the election fraud, they will not cover it. Three days ago, Wisconsin came out, and they may decertify their election because they found so much fraud and irregularities, really big stuff.

Donald Trump: The media does not want to cover it. The media doesn't want to cover anything having to do with the election fraud, which is massive. They all say the big lie, the big lie. But the big lie, they should probably be sued for libel for saying it because you can go into all of the swing states and beyond, but all of the swing states, and you will see -- and we have it.

Donald Trump: It's proven. It's truckloads. The election fraud was massive. It's a massive fraud. I call it the crime of the century. We're doing a book on it, but it's the crime of the century. The media won't cover it. The media doesn't want to cover anything bad.

Kyle Forgeard: You're banned on Twitter.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: How does that feel, like banned on Twitter, Trump is banned on Twitter?

Donald Trump: So I went from hundreds of millions of people.

Kyle Forgeard: Dorsey -- Jack was the CEO. Wasn't Jack Dorsey was the CEO of Twitter?

Donald Trump: Yeah, he was.

Kyle Forgeard: Is he still with Twitter?

Donald Trump: I don't know, but he owns a big chunk of it, I guess. I don't know. I don't know what his status is.

Kyle Forgeard: So is your Instagram --

Donald Trump: And by the way, Twitter has become very boring.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah. But what was that call like? When you got that call, when you were finally -- hold on. When you got that call when you were banned from Twitter, who gave you that call that said you're no longer allowed?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to get into it because it's going to end up in litigation, but we -- they banned the President of the United States for saying things like I'm saying right now, good things. Our country would be a lot stronger. They have taken our country to a level of lowness like it's never seen before.

Donald Trump: We are disrespected. We're laughed at all over the world.

Kyle Forgeard: Right.

Donald Trump: And when you think -- so anyway, I had hundreds of millions of people on between Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and others, and I went cold turkey. I went from hundreds of millions of people -- you have a lot, but I had more.

Kyle Forgeard: No, I know that, Donald. I don't need an ego check, all right? I got you.

Donald Trump: I got a lot more.

Kyle Forgeard: You don't need to check my ego here, all right?

Bob Menery: We were on your Instagram. I don't know if you remember. We did the -- I don't know if you remember when you brought us up for the YMCA when we were with Dana.

Kyle Forgeard: Great moment.

Bob Menery: Yeah, it was the rally in Arizona.

Donald Trump: That was some rally.

Bob Menery: So we were on your Instagram.

Kyle Forgeard: You do throw some good campaign rally. I tell you, your people are pretty loyal. Like we -- it's pretty amazing.

Bob Menery: Trump rallies are lit.

Kyle Forgeard: Trump rallies are pretty insane.

Donald Trump: So we had a rally in Texas the other day. 87,000 people and plenty of people couldn't get in. They just couldn't get in, too many people. They called it stampede. I spoke to the sheriff, who was great. Can you let those people get in? Thousands and thousands couldn't get in. He said, "Sir, we're worried about a stampede.

Donald Trump: If you think of cattle, right, with the stampede?

Kyle Forgeard: 87,000 people, wow. Donald --

Donald Trump: We had -- in Alabama, we had 63,000 people. Wherever we go, we have literally 50,000, 60,000, 70,000 people. We have more people now than we did before the election. It's been amazing. There's anger. There's distrust. They know the election was rigged. It was a totally rigged election, like a third-world country, and they're angry about it.

Donald Trump: They're angry about a lot of things. They're going to be really angry when they start paying three times more for their gasoline.

Kyle Forgeard: The question is, Don, are you coming -- I mean, I don't mean to ask you. So I think you've hinted at it. Are you coming back and going to run for President of United States?

Donald Trump: Well, the campaign finance laws don't really allow you to discuss that, unless you're going to literally go through a different process. So I think a lot of people are going to be really happy. You guys might be really happy.

Kyle Forgeard: We're going to be happy.

Donald Trump: But I think a lot of people are going to be very happy, but I'll -- well, wait till I have so many people wanting me to do it. I think really that a lot of people are going to be very happy. They are very unhappy right now. Look --

Kyle Forgeard: You're saying with the Democrat Party.

Donald Trump: Triple, quadruple, it's going to levels -- a friend of mine said the other day who's got money. He said I just paid three times more for gasoline than I've been paying for the last three years. And he said, "What are people going to do?" He couldn't believe it. He goes to the pump, and he gets a bill for Xos for years, and it's fine.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, it's three times higher than he's ever paid before.

Kyle Forgeard: $6.80 in California.

Donald Trump: Well, they just announced that it's now over $7, and it's over $5 in many places. And it was $1.87. I had it down to $1.87 and even less than that during a certain period of time. And the cost for a barrel was down to $30 and even less than that. Actually, we had so much energy that, for a period of time, if you took the oil, take a barrel of oil, they'll give you $36 along with that.

Donald Trump: In other words -- now this was no good for Wall Street because they don't do that. They just do paper. They would have had to take -- we had so much that if you take the oil -- so you get a barrel of oil, here's $37. You remember that little period of time?

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah, simplify everything for our audience today, simplify everything, all right?

Donald Trump: Right.

Bob Menery: Are our audience dumb?

Donald Trump: Well, that's pretty simple.

Kyle Forgeard: No. I wasn't calling our audience dumb. I'm saying I just want to like -- continue, Don. Sorry, my apologies.

Donald Trump: So we had the energy down the best -- we had so much, but the energy was down so well, and we filled up the strategic national reserve, 75 million barrels, hadn't been filled for close to 50 years they say. And I filled it up because the energy was so cheap. The oil was so cheap, I filled it. We have strategic reserves that we need in case of emergencies.

Donald Trump: And it's -- these are these massive salt caves under Louisiana and various other places.

Kyle Forgeard: Right.

Donald Trump: And I said tell me about that, and they told me about it. I said -- because we could make a good deal today on energy, so tell me about it. I said good, and we filled it up with very inexpensive. And three days ago, Biden announced that he's going to take that oil and put it out into the market so that people will be able to get a little bit less than $5 or whatever it may be.

Donald Trump: But as great an achievement as that was, it's peanuts compared to the overall -- I mean, it's like one day's worth of energy. But I fill up the strategic national reserves. The press doesn't talk about it virtually at all. That was an achievement in itself, and I filled it up for -- you would have been proud, for the right price, OK? When it was low, we got it filled, and it was a good thing and good for the companies, good for everything.

Donald Trump: And now they take it out because Biden wants to look better politically by having a little bit lower price, but it's not going to be a little bit lower. This -- the energy, the cost for gasoline, your heating costs, the highest anywhere in the country is in Massachusetts and in certain places on the East Coast.

Donald Trump: You know who supplies it, for the most part? Russia. Russia is supplying oil on the East Coast of our country, and they have the -- by the way, they have the highest energy costs in the country.

Kyle Forgeard: Interesting. Donny, I wonder -- interesting.

Donald Trump: It is sort of interesting.

Kyle Forgeard: Well, I'm just saying no --

Donald Trump: It's crazy.

Kyle Forgeard: Well, this is like I'm sitting down with somebody, the President of United States, which is amazing. And what I try and do is obviously I ask back to Russia, Ukraine for two seconds. In my mind, right, I'm always like, hey, could this thing ever lead to a nuclear fallout? Could this ever be a nuclear war? What is your take on that? Is it just a scared U.S. citizen right now that's watching?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, you should be scared because we have incompetent people heading up our country who, frankly, got there through a fraudulent election.

Kyle Forgeard: But regardless of incompetent people, immediate threat, how serious is the threat of nuclear warfare?

Donald Trump: I think it's serious. I think it's serious. I saw Biden the other day saying, "We don't want to fight Russia. They're a nuclear power. We don't want to fight Russia. They're a nuclear power. They're a nuclear power." And I'm saying to myself, it's such a signal of weakness. Now is it correct? Yes. They are a nuclear power, but so are we.

Donald Trump: I rebuilt our nuclear arsenal. It's bigger and better and stronger than ever before. We had to renew things that were 40 and 45 years old. I didn't want to do it, but we had to do it because we had no choice. I wished I didn't have to spend that money, but we had to do it because we had no choice. But not only did I rebuild our whole military, $2.

Donald Trump: 5 trillion. During a very short period of time, we rebuilt our military. New jets, we had fighter jets that your fathers would have flown if they were in the Air Force. They were -- and in some cases, your grandfathers.

Kyle Forgeard: Right.

Donald Trump: We had old bombers, old fighters. We have a brand-new military. We have -- we spent $2.5 trillion on our military. We have a beautiful military. One of the reasons that the Afghanistan, the incompetence of Afghanistan, the way they got out is because we have a great military. I took down ISIS, 100% of ISIS, and we used generals, great generals.

Donald Trump: We have great generals, other than the guys that you see on television, who are incompetent, but we have great generals. We have generals that I dealt with that we took out 100% of ISIS in a very short period of time, and everybody actually admits that. They don't want to talk about it. But we have a great military, but we look incompetent.

Donald Trump: And it's a sad day for our military, and it's a sad day for our country. And yes, you do have a chance of World War 3 because our country is not respected any longer. And sometimes, through this incredible --

Kyle Forgeard: How do we gain that respect, though? How do we gain that respect with everything in place right now? Biden's in office. We can't change that, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Kyle Forgeard: How do we gain that respect right now?

Donald Trump: It starts with the president. You have to have a president that commands the respect. Look, the European nations, they're friends of mine, and they smile when I talk to them privately. They've been ripping us off for years on trade. How many cars is Germany selling from America? How many Chevrolets are in the middle of Berlin.

Donald Trump: Would you say two? Because you'd be wrong because there are none, all right? How many cars -- and yet we sell their Mercedes. We sell their BMWs. We sell their Volkswagens. We sell -- but if you try and sell cars in Germany, if you try and sell cars in Europe, it's almost impossible to do. They were all ripping us off, not only China.

Donald Trump: China was ripping us off the most. We had with China a deficit of $507 billion a year, OK? Think of that. It's not even sustainable, but things were really changing fast, but Europe was very bad. Now we're talking to Europe, but Europe was very bad. So now we're doing something that I heard this morning.

Donald Trump: Everyone's saying, "Oh, isn't that wonderful?" Germany has now agreed to rebuild their military, and they've decided that they're going to go all out, and they're going to now rebuild their military. Be careful what you wish for.

Kyle Forgeard: Why is that?

Donald Trump: Well, take a look over the last two world wars, take a look over the last two world wars with Germany. There is a theory out there that Germany should not be rebuilding their military so much, and Japan is now going to rebuild their military. Just be careful what you wish for because a lot of bad things have happened with those two countries and their military, and it's one of those things.

Donald Trump: And if you look at -- when I came in, North Korea was a big problem. Obama said we're going to go to war with North Korea. And Kim Jong Un was a big problem, and he wouldn't take Obama's phone calls, wouldn't take any meetings with him, wouldn't do anything. And then I started with him, and it was very hostile for about a month, if you remember.

Donald Trump: Then all of a sudden, we met. We got along. We had no problem with North Korea. Now they're acting up again, and they're acting up again when they see the stupidity of our country. But be careful when Germany announces that they're going to start pouring the big money into the military, and so now you have Japan and Germany rebuilding again.

Bob Menery: What's that first call like, Mr. Trump, with -- when you try to get ahold of Kim Jong Un? Like how does that happen?

Donald Trump: Well, he actually called me, and we did get along.

Bob Menery: Like that's crazy.

Kyle Forgeard: I'm sorry to laugh.

Bob Menery: I mean, you're the first president to meet with a North Korean leader, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bob Menery: So what's that first -- so he called you.

Donald Trump: And we got along very well. I understood him.

Bob Menery: What's like the first call and say like, "Hey, what's up, Mr. Trump?"

Donald Trump: It wasn't a call. We got through people. A meeting was set up in Singapore and then in Vietnam. We had two meetings, but we didn't have the problem that the Democrats would have had. They would have had a nuclear war with North Korea. I have no doubt about it. Kim Jong Un wanted nothing to do with them.

Donald Trump: This was -- look, this is years now. We would have had a nuclear war with North Korea. Who's coughing back there? Are you OK? Is that your crew?

Kyle Forgeard: That's our --

Donald Trump: The media will say, "Trump's coughing. There must be something wrong with him."

Bob Menery: There's COVID going around in Mar-A-Lago.

Donald Trump: There's COVID.

Bob Menery: COVID in Mar-A-Lago.

Kyle Forgeard: We run a pretty laid-back thing. We're all good. We're all good but continue on.

Donald Trump: But let me just say, we would have had war with North Korea. North Korea is a major nuclear power, but I hate hearing Biden say, "No, we don't want anything to do with Russia. They're a nuclear power," but so are we. And we're a bigger nuclear power, and we have brand-new, because of me, nuclear weapons that we didn't have.

Donald Trump: And we have renovated weapons that were very old. And now they're renovated, and we never want to use them. And by the way, you know how you're not going to use them? By having them. If you didn't have them, we would have big problems, But we have them. But Biden shouldn't be talking the way he's talking because he's playing right into Putin's hands.

Donald Trump: Putin -- I've never heard this from a leader outside of Kim Jong Un, I guess, to a large extent, but Putin now talks about his nuclear capability all the time. He said this is a -- you do -- the no-fly zone, you do this, we're a nuclear country. And Biden saying they're a nuclear country, it's so weak. It's sending such a bad --

Kyle Forgeard: Would you have a no-fly zone?

Donald Trump: I have to say this. The bombing of these cities -- indiscriminately, the bombing of these cities and the killing of all these people is a tragedy. This is a tragedy like I don't think we've witnessed since World War 2.

Kyle Forgeard: No, it's crazy what's going on.

Donald Trump: No, they're bombing -- In Florida -- we're in Florida. You had a building collapse in Florida on the beach, as you know, through bad structural, engineering, or rust, or something. A lot of people were killed in that building. He's bombing much bigger buildings, and they're collapsing. And then they say -- you see this massive building coming down all over the place.

Donald Trump: People are in that building. But you see the building come down, and then they say two people were hurt, no, no, no. When a building like that comes down, many people die. It's not two people are hurt, but they're coming down all over, and they're being blown to pieces. And so we had a case in Florida, as you know, on the shore where a building collapsed for totally different reasons, but it collapsed.

Donald Trump: Well, buildings are collapsing now in Ukraine, and there are tens of thousands of people being killed, and nobody's reporting it. The press is trying to gloss it over. And I think if Putin is successful in taking over Ukraine, depending on what your definition of success is, because, potentially, millions of people are going to die, and it could lead to a third world war, by the way. It could lead to a third world war. I think --

Bob Menery: That's crazy.

Donald Trump: I think what is going on now is a direct reflection on the Obama administration because it should have never happened.

Kyle Forgeard: Donald, so switching topics here. You've seen what happened to Joe Rogan, right? It's a hard segue and being called a racist and everything like that. I wonder what's your reaction to when someone calls you a racist? Like what's your like initial reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, it used to be a terrible reaction, but now it's -- everybody's called a racist today.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Anybody that's the enemy of the other side, people that are the exact opposite of racists are called racists. And it's a very hurtful word, but it's lost a lot of its meaning because everybody is being called a racist today by the radical left when actually they're the racists. They're really the racists in the truest sense of the word.

Donald Trump: So they called Joe Rogan -- they call anybody they disagree with a racist. So it tends to lose its meaning, and the people get it. With the black community, my vote was so much higher than in the past with other Republicans. But with the Hispanic community, they're writing -- they don't want to write about it.

Donald Trump: But the Hispanics, the vote was so incredible. The -- along the Texas border, the other night in Texas, I endorsed 33 candidates, and every single one of them won the election. There were a couple of runoffs, but they're all leading substantially. You have, I think, three runoffs, but they're all leading substantially.

Donald Trump: They're winning the next two months, but we were 33 and zero. I didn't see any stories about it. I see no stories about it.

Kyle Forgeard: Why do you think that is?

Donald Trump: Because the press is corrupt. They're dishonest. They don't want to say anything good.

Kyle Forgeard: Is it all about money, though? Because I feel like they don't -- I don't feel like it's not actually about their morals. I feel like it's just about money.

Donald Trump: I don't think it's money. I think it's a combination. It's money and power and something. It's something. They're sick.

Bob Menery: I mean, something we deal with, too, is like we have our page, and we're kind of controversial with the stuff we do. So we face a lot of censorship, too, like something we all deal with. Our Instagram page got taken down, and they actually sent us a notice because it was too political, our Full Send Instagram page.

Bob Menery: And we were just posting all about the Afghanistan stuff, not even taking a side.

Donald Trump: Well, look, at a certain point, they'll do it if they feel they have to. Joe Rogan is not a racist, OK?

Bob Menery: No.

Donald Trump: And he's a very interesting guy that people like listening to, but they've been hitting him very hard. I did tell him one thing: stop apologizing, stop apologizing.

Kyle Forgeard: Well, what was his reaction to that when you told him?

Donald Trump: I don't know because I got the word -- I put the word out.

Bob Menery: Did he ever reach out to you about going on?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I'd have to ask my people. I have a lot of people.

Bob Menery: No, because I saw -- I thought I saw back in -- I think during the debate times, you said that he should moderate a debate.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, he's much more talented than Chris Wallace.

Bob Menery: That'd be great.

Donald Trump: No. He's a much more talented person than just about all of these moderators.

Bob Menery: Joe Rogan should moderate an election debate in 2024.

Kyle Forgeard: What if they let Don Lemon in?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I called him the dumbest man on television, so he's never going to love me.

Kyle Forgeard: That's funny.

Donald Trump: Hey, it's very interesting. Here's a test. Are you ready? This is a test for everybody. It'll be a small group of people. This interview will have millions and millions of people, assuming it's not touched. Let's see if they allow you -- I hate to say this to you because you guys are going to chicken out, I guarantee.

Kyle Forgeard: We don't chicken out, Don.

Donald Trump: If you put up this whole thing -- watch.

Kyle Forgeard: We don't chicken out, Don. Don, we don't chicken out. I'm telling you right now.

Bob Menery: You don't chicken out?

Donald Trump: Ready? Ready?

Kyle Forgeard: Let's hear it.

Donald Trump: If you put up this whole interview, let's see what happens when Instagram and Facebook and Twitter and all of them take it down, and let's see what happens when they threaten you and all that because we don't have a free press in our country. We have a press not so different -- this is the beginning of communism.

Donald Trump: We have a press not so different than countries we don't want to talk about. Do you remember during the campaign, I said a lot and really a lot, that if we don't -- if we're not careful, we're going to be a large-scale version of Venezuela. You know what? That's what's happening. Of course, now we're going to buy a lot of oil.

Donald Trump: We'll make the few people remaining in Venezuela, including the dictator leader, a very rich man. The fact that we're going to buy oil from Venezuela is so -- that we even think about it is so incredible. But here's the deal. Let's see what happens to you when you say you're interviewing Trump. I get the highest ratings on television by far, I'm very proud of it.

Donald Trump: I did The Apprentice. Everyone thought it would be off the air in two sessions, and it turned out to be successful.

Kyle Forgeard: Big fan of the show.

Donald Trump: When I left after -- it was a great show. I did 14 seasons. When I left --

Kyle Forgeard: 14, wow.

Donald Trump: We did them over 11 years. It was so successful, they did two more seasons.

Kyle Forgeard: Don had it going with The Apprentice. He had it going with The Apprentice, big time.

Donald Trump: It was big-time stuff. And then when I left, because I left to run for president, that's the only reason I left, they picked Arnold Schwarzenegger, and he bombed. And they put Martha Stewart on, and she bombed. And the only reason I tell you that they bombed --

Bob Menery: Arnold and Martha Stewart. Arnold Schwarzenegger?

Donald Trump: Arnold Schwarzenegger took my place on The Apprentice, and he bombed very badly. And Hillary Clinton recommended Martha Stewart, and Martha Stewart took -- listen to this one.

Kyle Forgeard: I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm just fascinated.

Donald Trump: And Martha Stewart was on there. Did you know that Martha Stewart did The Apprentice?

Kyle Forgeard: No.

Donald Trump: You know why you don't know? because it lasted for about two weeks.

Kyle Forgeard: That's why.

Donald Trump: And I did it for 14 seasons, but here is the story. Let's see what happens when you guys get hit violently by the crooked media, by the radical left crazy press that's destroying our country. The press should be the policeman of a country like for corruption and all the -- they don't report corruption.

Donald Trump: They don't talk about the laptop. It's off-bounds. You can't talk about it.

Bob Menery: I don't -- we're not scared of getting hit, though. I mean, I think that's why.

Donald Trump: But you may be scared -- no, no.

Kyle Forgeard: Bob, be careful what you what you wish.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you where you'll be scared. When they say we're going to take you off the air if you put this up, OK? Let's see whether or not everybody in this room, all you camera geniuses and young geniuses, a lot of people, let's see how brave when they say -- because you guys are doing very well, and Dana thinks the world of you.

Donald Trump: We all think the world of you. And I'm not even necessarily going to blame you, but maybe I will a little bit.

Kyle Forgeard: If this goes up or not?

Donald Trump: You'll put it up. Let's see what happens when they take it down.

Kyle Forgeard: We're calculated, Don.

Bob Menery: I think --

Donald Trump: It's a test.

Bob Menery: I don't think YouTube would take it down. There's no way.

Kyle Forgeard: Take it down, the podcast?

Bob Menery: This interview?

Kyle Forgeard: This interview. We can't control, I guess --

Donald Trump: When you get threatened --

Kyle Forgeard: We're calculated. We know what's going on.

Donald Trump: When you get threatened with your careers and maybe even worse, but when you get threatened, you remember this, we have more people out there than they do. We do. We have more people out there than they do. And the people are really angry at what's happening in our country. Let's see what happens. I'm going to be watching you guys.

Donald Trump: You're young. You're smart. You're attractive. You're handsome, all of these things, but let's see what happens --

Bob Menery: I wish girls told us that.

Donald Trump: When they say we're not going to let you put that interview out. He talked about the election.

Kyle Forgeard: This interview is going up, Don.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about election fraud. They don't want to say anything good about the kind of things that in many cases I think that you may agree with. But if you criticize Biden, which we're doing, because, again, this war, this Ukrainian disaster should never ever have happened, and it wouldn't have happened.

Bob Menery: We're definitely not scared of that because we're used to it. I think that's why we're here. Like you said, Dana respects us. People respect us because we never really gave a shit about stuff. We stand what we stand for.

Donald Trump: This is now -- I'm sorry.

Bob Menery: When I think -- I think even when we met you before when Dana brought us on Air Force One with you, even just us posting that, we got a lot of flak. But I mean, we don't really care.

Donald Trump: And you got a lot of love, too, by the way, just so you know. You got more love than you did flak. I'll say this.

Kyle Forgeard: A little flak, a little flak. We got a little flak from it, Don.

Bob Menery: I think we'd get more flak for doing something with Biden. We would -- well, you know, in our fan base, if we did something with Biden, we would lose so many people.

Donald Trump: The difference is they wouldn't try and destroy you. Let's see how you react. I mean, I'm just saying --

Kyle Forgeard: I'm done. I mean, this is -- I made it, big time.

Donald Trump: This is big time. I want to see. And don't apologize, though. Don't apologize. When they come at you, please don't apologize.

Bob Menery: To be fair, I think we -- it's not like we're -- I mean, we support you and stuff. But with our platform, we would have someone from the other side, too, first of all.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Bob Menery: But they won't do it.

Kyle Forgeard: Don, Don, Don. We like Don. We like Don.

Bob Menery: They wouldn't do it, OK? I don't think Nancy Pelosi would ever sit -- she would never sit down. Biden would never sit down.

Kyle Forgeard: Here's what we do. We have a very, very, very successful podcast because we bring in everybody. We're not biased in any way, shape, or form. We like to sit down with people that are involved in really big things that are happening in the world today.

Bob Menery: But the other side wouldn't sit down.

Kyle Forgeard: The other side has not showed us respect like you guys have, which is amazing.

Bob Menery: That's the difference.

Donald Trump: They may sit down, but what they will do is they will censor you.

Bob Menery: Exactly.

Donald Trump: They will do things to you that you would not have believed because we don't have a free press.

Bob Menery: No.

Donald Trump: In theory, you should be able to talk about anything, and you argue back and forth. And the public will --

Kyle Forgeard: My career is kind of already going this way, so I'm like --

Donald Trump: Your career might go way up, but you may be without a platform or you may be without whatever it is. They will be vicious, you watch. And I just want to see how -- you're young, smart guys. I want to see how you handle it.

Bob Menery: Well, we won't let you down.

Donald Trump: You will be hit. Maybe, you won't.

Kyle Forgeard: Donald, well, the good news is, can I -- if I -- if worst-case scenario, I used to caddy at a golf club. Can I caddy for you?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. I'd love to have you. You can be my caddy anytime.

Kyle Forgeard: You sure? All right. Cool.

Donald Trump: Anytime.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah. But Donald, when you talk about like power and stuff like that, what's more like powerful to you, being the president or being a multibillionaire like owning real estate? And like what's your opinion on that?

Donald Trump: So in the history of our country, nothing like me has ever happened. I don't say that positive or negative. You've never had a business --

Kyle Forgeard: I agree with you, yeah.

Donald Trump: It was I think 93% politicians became president and 7% generals. So you had soldiers, and you had politicians. There's never been an outsider. Likewise, nobody's ever been treated as badly as I have by the fake news media, by everything, and we do our own fighting back and all. But I mean, if you look at their approval rating, their approval rating used to be like through the roof because nobody knew how corrupt they were.

Donald Trump: And now it's -- I think it's lower than Congress. The media is -- which is pretty hard. I think it's lower than Congress. But I will say this in just an ending. I will say this: I'm going to be watching you guys. I'm going to see how you handle it, and I hope I don't have to say I told you so. But what I did say to people like Merkel is don't do it, and it turned out to be true.

Donald Trump: They did have one story about that today, very interesting. I told her you're making a terrible mistake. I used to fight with her over it, the pipeline, because I said they own your country once you do it. But we're now forcing Germany and Japan to become major powers militarily, and there are a lot of people, including me, that say that might not be a very good idea.

Donald Trump: Be careful what you wish for. And with that, it's been a great honor.

Bob Menery: One more thing. I heard you're becoming quite the DJ here at Mar-A-Lago. I heard you're spinning. You DJ?

Donald Trump: I love -- would you believe it? I love music. I have an aptitude for music.

Bob Menery: What type of music?

Donald Trump: During over our lives, we take tests and aptitude tests and all this. I've always had a high aptitude for music, but I love great music.

Bob Menery: So do you actually spin or no? What do you use?

Donald Trump: No, I don't spin. I pick the ones I like. I don't want to spin. I want to pick the ones I like.

Bob Menery: Like what's your go-to banger on ones?

Donald Trump: Well, I have a lot of them. You know a song that does get people moving, though? I'll play a beautiful -- I love Broadway stuff and Phantom of the Opera and Les Mis, etc. You know what gets them rocking? YMCA.

Bob Menery: YMCA is a track. It's an underrated track.

Donald Trump: Do you know -- is it an underrated?

Bob Menery: I think so.

Donald Trump: Well, it gets a lot of views, I can say. But YMCA, the gay national anthem. Did you ever hear that? They call it the gay national anthem. But YMCA gets people up, and it gets them moving. But we have a lot of good selections, and people love it when I do it.

Bob Menery: What's the best song to like transition to like YMCA to what?

Donald Trump: Maybe --

Bob Menery: Like maybe Mo Bamba?

Donald Trump: Maybe Hold On I'm coming.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah.

Bob Menery: OK. So 2 a.m., you go to YMCA to Hold On We're coming, and that just gets the crowd going.

Donald Trump: Well, we just have a good time. Actually, we have great people. There's been a tremendous place at Mar-A-Lago. It's a private club. It's been an amazing place.

Kyle Forgeard: What's your handicap right now in golf? So I'm a big-time golfer.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I'm -- I've been a very successful golfer over the years. I don't play as much as you really should play if you want to become top-top. But I've been a very successful -- I've won many, many club championships, which is hard to do. That's our major.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah, I've seen you hit a driver, and you said Biden couldn't hit it like that.

Donald Trump: Well, that I can tell you. That, I guarantee you.

Bob Menery: Biden probably hits his driver like 120.

Donald Trump: Well, they asked Gary Player the other night. They said who's the best player? How many presidents have you played with? He said, "I played with seven." Who's the best player? "Trump, by far." He said, "He's at least 20 or 25 strokes better than anybody else."

Kyle Forgeard: Really?

Donald Trump: And I said, Gary, isn't it more than that? But that's a big statement. But Gary Player is a great, legendary golfer, as you know. But they asked him that question, and he said Trump by far.

Kyle Forgeard: Are you like a shit talker on the golf course as you try and get in the putts?

Donald Trump: No, no, no. You got to get the job done.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah. You got to get the job done, so you just execute.

Donald Trump: You can talk, and then you can miss the putt, and all the talk is no good. In fact, it hits you. So you still got to get the job done, right?

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah, 100%. And by the way, I do want to say you look -- when you see Don, he gets a lot of shit for his hair and his ways. Like you look good.

Donald Trump: I feel good.

Kyle Forgeard: He looks great. You look great.

Donald Trump: I feel good. So far, so good.

Bob Menery: What's your like mental regimen? Like when you're a president, like you said you slept like six hours a night. Like how do you do that?

Donald Trump: You know what? I enjoy doing it. I love doing it because I was helping the country. I mean, look at what we did.

Bob Menery: It's amazing, though.

Donald Trump: The biggest tax cuts in history, rebuilt the military, biggest regulation cuts in history. That was maybe more important, and people don't talk about it, than even the tax cuts. We had -- until COVID came, the China virus came in, we had the greatest economy in history. We were doubling up -- we were going to double up on China, and everyone said China was going to take over.

Donald Trump: We were taking over. We were doubling up. And then it came in, and we did a phenomenal job. And then when I left, this economy was very strong again, plus we did Operation Warp Speed, which even the radical left, Biden tried to take credit for it. Remember, he said, "Well, we did the vaccine." "No, no," even his own people said.

Donald Trump: "You got the vaccine during Trump." But if you take a look, Operation Warp Speed was a tremendous success. I really believe that we would have had -- in 1917, 100 million people died. They say maybe it was 77 million, maybe, but up to 100 million people died. I think we would have had the same thing had we not had a very, very successful Operation Warp Speed.

Donald Trump: And that includes therapeutics, Regeneron, all of the stuff that we did. We had -- we have things that have been unbelievably successful, not only by the way with COVID, as some people call it, not only with the China virus, very, very successful in so many other ways with other diseases. And we've had a -- we had an amazing administration, best job numbers in the history of our country by far, 160 million people working.

Donald Trump: It's not even close to that now. We had a great, great four years, really. I mean, we had the three. We had the period, and then we had the COVID that was devastating for the world. We were the best to recover. We made ventilators. We literally made ventilators in a short period of time, very complicated.

Donald Trump: We were making them for the whole world. We were sending them to countries that had no chance to ever get them. There were none. I mean, there were practically none, and we did a great job. And I hate to see what's happening to our country right now.

Kyle Forgeard: So if it's not you upcoming, who should it be? Who do you --

Donald Trump: Like, well, we're going to see.

Bob Menery: Like DeSantis?

Donald Trump: I get along with him great. I was the one that got him started. He came and asked for a recommendation, an endorsement. And he said, "If you give me an endorsement, I'll win," and I gave him an endorsement. He was at 3%. And after I endorsed him, he took a lead that was not a beatable lead, so he got the nomination.

Bob Menery: You still get along with him?

Kyle Forgeard: Did you see DeSantis telling the kids to take off the masks? I don't know if you've seen that video.

Donald Trump: I haven't seen it. I haven't seen, but it is time to take off the masks.

Kyle Forgeard: Yeah. I agree with you.

Donald Trump: I would agree if that were the case. So thank you all very much much.

Bob Menery: Yeah, I appreciate it, Mr. Trump.