Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-ben-carson-common-sense-podcast-july-4-2022

Ben Carson: I'd like to welcome today the 45th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. And, you know, when I was traveling around the country, I saw the common folks had a lot of logic and common sense and they knew what worked. But for you, Mr. President, to jump into the fray, when you had everything going for you, you already were as famous as anybody can get.

Ben Carson: You were a billionaire, you had all kinds of projects going on, and yet you were willing to sacrifice all that to get into the middle of the fray. And I think I know why, because 30 years ago, I was watching an interview you were doing with Oprah and she asked you about running for president, and you said you really didn't want to do it. But if you saw the country going off the cliff, you would do it. And it was going off the cliff, and can you imagine what would have happened if you had not won and we would have had three liberal judges on the Supreme Court, not to mention a bunch of other things.

Ben Carson: So, you really did save our country. There's no question about that.

Donald Trump: Well, I appreciate that, and our country now is in a lot of trouble again because of an election that was terrible, terrible election. But our country is in a lot of trouble again, Ben, that, uh, you look at inflation, you look at that horrible Afghanistan withdrawal, you look at all of the things that are going on with Russia and Ukraine which would have never happened.

Donald Trump: All these things would never have happened and we had gasoline, we were energy independent and even dominant and now you look at what's happening with our country and it's so sad to see.

Ben Carson: What -- what do you think are the key things that this administration is getting wrong?

Donald Trump: Well, everything, there's nothing I think they're getting right. We're a laughing stock all over the world, including where he is now at the G7. We're a laughing stock all over the world. Nobody's ever seen anything like this. Inflation was caused initially by, uh, fuel, by energy, by oil, by gasoline, by all of the energy that has made the country work and now we're going to green, which is not -- it's not green, it just doesn't work.

Donald Trump: It's fine to get a little bit of it, but you can't power this nation with windmills. You can't power this nation with the kind of things. It doesn't have enough power. You'd have to close 90 percent of your businesses down. The whole thing is absolutely insane what's going on with our country. Our country is doing badly and we're a laughing stock all over the world.

Ben Carson: And you know, it was like that when you came in and you -- you had the sense to reform the tax code and to get rid of so many ridiculous regulations. I know at HUD we got rid of 2,000 regulations.

Donald Trump: Right.

Ben Carson: And some regulations just in the one agency.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Ben Carson: And it made it possible to get things done. And I think they could really take a lesson from just watching the way that you did that.

Donald Trump: Well, you did a fantastic job at HUD, I have to say. You got rid of a lot of regulation, but you did a really fantastic job at HUD and it was a beautiful thing to watch, to be honest with you. So -- but we did that on a large scale, we did that on a countrywide scale and we got rid of more regulations than anybody's ever.

Donald Trump: We got the biggest tax cuts in history. We rebuilt our military, we created Space Force and not since the Air Force, I guess 78 years ago has anything like that been done. And so many other things. And now you just watch what's going on with our country to be -- to be in this position, but allowing, you know, it started more -- look, we were doing very badly on the border and what today we're doing worse than ever before.

Donald Trump: There's probably never been a country with a border like ours. Even a third-world nation has some stopping ability. But we have millions and millions of people pouring into our country. I mean, just totally unchecked, unvetted. But I think when Afghanistan happened, Ben, I think that was just a disaster the way that was handled.

Donald Trump: We would have gotten out, but we were getting out with strength and with dignity, I think that was a disaster for our country.

Ben Carson: Well, the same people who came up with that policy are the same people who are running things now, which is the reason I think we're having such difficulty with almost every policy. They do things that don't make a lot of sense for the people. And isn't that the difference because you had a chance to really get to know the people to identify with the people, the people identify with you.

Ben Carson: And you were interested in the things that worked for them and this administration seems to be more interested in their ideology, and in their goal and in fundamentally changing this country into something else. That's a real problem.

Donald Trump: Well, they're changing it. I don't know what it is. It can't be politics because when you have high energy costs, high taxes, they're going to give you the biggest tax increase that anyone's ever gotten in the history of our country. I mean, what's good about these things from that standpoint? It's just a terrible -- a terrible situation.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like it. So, it's, uh -- it's hard to believe it's happening, Ben, but it's happening and -- but it can be changed around and we can make America great again. But right now, it's not great.

Ben Carson: Well, you know, it didn't -- it didn't take a long time to turn it around when your administration came in and --

Donald Trump: It can be turned back. It can be turned back. But it's too bad, you know, we had the Abraham Accords, they would have been -- we would have had it. We would have had total peace in the Middle East. They went to the Middle East -- uh, 21 years they've been in the Middle East, they had peace in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: I got hard countries, tough countries, respective countries to sign up. We would have had them all done by now. Every one of them, you would have had total peace in the Middle East on top of everything else.

Ben Carson: Absolutely. Well, also, you got a chance to know Putin, what do you think he really wants?

Donald Trump: Well, I think he wanted, always wanted Ukraine. I knew him very well. I knew him -- uh, I know you well, I knew him well, and I can tell you he wanted Ukraine, but he never would have done it. He never even suggested doing it because he knew that it wouldn't happen with me and he understood that. And likewise, President Xi of China with Taiwan, it looks like something's going to happen with Taiwan, and it wouldn't have happened with me. Look, all of this is because of an election that took place that's so terrible.

Donald Trump: It's so terrible to see what's happened to our country, and to see what's happened to the world. Look, we're the world leader. The whole world is doing badly now and you could end up in World War III because -- because of what's happening with Ukraine and Russia, you could actually end up, believe it or not, and I've been a great prognosticator, everyone --

Ben Carson: Yeah, you have.

Donald Trump: Trump was right about everything. I was right about everything, and you could end up in World War III over that catastrophe.

Ben Carson: How were you able to figure out who to put on the Supreme Court? Because others have tried to put conservative justices and they turn out not to be conservative. Well, they've been trying on Roe for very many decades, as you know, I guess over 50 years. And Ronald Reagan tried very much and they all tried, they wanted to bring it back to the States basically, you know, it's bringing it back to the states.

Ben Carson: And it's -- the states will work it out and that's what they wanted, and that's the way it should have been for a long time, but nobody could get it done. Bush couldn't and Bush senior, junior, couldn't get it done. They couldn't get it done. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it done. They all tried very hard, but they couldn't do it. And now we got it done and we've just got another one on religious liberty and then last week also on the Second Amendment.

Ben Carson: On the guns, yeah.

Donald Trump: Pretty amazing, we got three of them and we have a couple of more good ones coming. But the one that seems to be the biggie is, uh --

Ben Carson: Abortion.

Donald Trump: Roe v. Wade.

Ben Carson: Yeah, that was a huge one. You know interestingly enough there are 63 million people in the UK and we've killed 63 million babies with abortion. So, basically wiped out a whole nation full of people. And interestingly enough, these people don't seem to appreciate life at all. And as they've gotten further away from appreciating life, their interactions with each other have become much more coarse.

Ben Carson: So, we have people who actually hate each other in our country now. We used to be able to talk and have disagreements and still be civil to each other, but it seems as though they want nothing but blood. The way that they've come after you because you wouldn't get in a swamp with them because you would attack the swamp creatures.

Ben Carson: And they're really, really mad on both sides of the aisle about it. But the people, I think, understand who you are and they're with you. But this is -- this is going to be a very, very tough road for all of us to get through. And don't you think that that's part of the problem? We -- people who actually believes things, but they're afraid to stand up, they're afraid to be counted.

Ben Carson: They're afraid they're going to get canceled. They're afraid of what's going to happen to their families. What word would you have for those people?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I have to say we have cowards in our country. We have -- we have people that go and do what they want to do because they're petrified of the radical left. They're afraid of it. They don't want to fight. And because of that, the radical left takes advantage of it and I happen to believe that there's more on the right than on the left.

Donald Trump: And I -- you know, we got -- I got more votes than any sitting president in history, a disgraceful election. It was a disgrace what happened in that election, an absolute disgrace. They used COVID in order to cheat. But, uh, look, there's a lot of people out there that are angry because there are a lot of tough ones and a lot of very smart ones.

Donald Trump: And they're angry that a lot of our politicians don't fight the way they should.

Ben Carson: No.

Donald Trump: They don't.

Ben Carson: And I want to thank you, you know for -- for being willing to fight and for to put so much on the line when you didn't have to do it, you had the ideal life that anybody could possibly have. But one of the things that you did that I appreciate so much is you made it easy for the Hispanic community, the black community, many minorities to start coming over to a different party, to start actually looking at what people were doing for them rather than just being used.

Ben Carson: And some of the things that you did with, you know, the First Step program with HBCUs and making sure that they had funding, uh, with the Opportunity Zones and giving people a chance to move out of dependency into self-sufficiency. You know, those are things that will have an incredibly lasting legacy, uh, if we can get the right people, uh, to continue that legacy.

Ben Carson: And I think we start that in November. Uh, but obviously, that's just the beginning. We have a long way to go because the United States of America is the key to success in the world and we're too strong to be brought down by Russia or China or Iran or North Korea, but we can be brought down from inside by internal strife.

Ben Carson: And that's what they're doing. They're using the race issue as one of the wedges to drive people apart to make us think that -- to say that we're a systemically racist country is ridiculous. And the fact that that you signed an executive order against critical race theory and that foolishness, I think that encouraged a lot of other people including those parents in Virginia who were willing finally to come out of the corner and stand up for what they actually believed in and once they found out what was going on and I'm finding that to be the case all over the country.

Ben Carson: People are waking up in droves. And I think you're going to see that in November. This is going to be a massive change that's going to occur. People will try to spin it in all kinds of different ways. But that's part of the legacy that you left, you know, no matter what happens subsequently. And I think that will probably be the -- the impetus and the energy that actually saves us as a nation going forward.

Ben Carson: So, I have to thank you and ask you, uh, what would you like your legacy as president to be?

Donald Trump: Well, there's a big section on my legacy having to do with, uh, security, having to do with, uh, military. You know, we rebuilt the military. I'm so, proud of that, that by itself would be great. Uh, having to do with, uh, health care. Look at what we did during the pandemic, I mean Biden had more people die in his first year with all of the things that we've done then we did.

Donald Trump: We did a great job in health care, have never been, uh, really given the credit for the job we did. We had a problem come in from China that nobody had ever heard of or seen before, nobody knew what even the word pandemic meant. And we did a great job, we figured it out. We did a great job with therapeutics, with everything and getting the vaccines done in nine months instead of five years or 12 years.

Donald Trump: So, people can say what you want, but there are many that say that was a modern day miracle and saved tens of millions of lives. We did a great job Ben, and we did it in so many different ways. But I think we also gave the country spirit, we gave it leadership and we gave it leadership all over the world and we let the world take less advantage of us. As an example, we're giving Ukraine $60 billion and other countries are giving them that are right next door that are big countries, you look at France, Germany, these other countries, are giving them a tiny fraction of that.

Donald Trump: And that's because they're taking advantage of the United States. I mean -- and that's been going on for a long time and I stopped it, and I brought respect and dignity back to our country. China wouldn't have gone into Taiwan. Let's see what happens, uh, except for the fact that they watch Russia, they would have done it in two minutes after I left, but they would have never done it with me there.

Donald Trump: And likewise Russia, they would have never gone into Ukraine. You wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have the problems that you have, you would be energy independent right now, would even be energy dominant. We would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined by a lot. So, we had a lot of things, we've done a lot of things, Ben.

Ben Carson: You provided the example, so, you know whether you run again or not, you provided the example for whoever comes along for what to do to change things very quickly and to make America of, for and by the people. And that's going to be an enormous legacy, I think, for you, uh, going into the future, and I think it's an inspiration for me and for many, many other Americans.

Ben Carson: And, you know, what they're trying to do to you and your reputation just shows you how significant you are because in most cases if a president has left office, you know they're ready to move on. They're not ready to move on. You're still in their head every day and it's because they are the swamp creatures and you represent everything that they try to control, and it's not happening.

Ben Carson: So, I know you've had to take a lot of grief for it and will have to continue. But in history, when people look back on this time period, I think there's going to be a very different story written about what happened during your presidency.

Donald Trump: Well, including great decisions from the United States Supreme Court, which just happened over the last few days and those decisions are very important. Everybody tried and nobody was successful and we were successful. And I think in the end, a lot of people are going to remember that. A lot of people have said the most consequential presidency in 100 years because of these.

Donald Trump: But we did a lot of other things also. But Ben, I just want to thank you because you did a fantastic job and you were right, by my side all the way and I'll be with you always and what they're doing on January 6, Unselect Committee, I call it the Unselect Committee, you don't even have -- I mean the Republicans don't even have anybody that can cross-examine the lies that are told.

Donald Trump: They tell lie after lie after lie and we have nobody up there to cross-examine, which would have been -- it's the easiest cross-examination I've ever seen.

Ben Carson: Yeah, it --

Donald Trump: Like this person that got up there today. I mean, it's the easiest cross-examination. But, uh, some things with these people, they're sick, they're demented. There's something wrong with them. And you know they just continue onward and we continue onward, Ben, and let's see how we all do. I think we're going to do just fine.

Ben Carson: Do you have any last words for the American people?

Donald Trump: Well, just stay strong. This is the lowest point our country has ever been. We have no respect throughout the world. We have tremendous inflation. We have problems that we've never had before, highest gas prices, energy prices in history by far. I can only say stay strong. We will indeed make America great again.

Donald Trump: It's going to happen.

Ben Carson: Amen. Well, thank you so much, Mr. President. Thank you for taking time out. I know this is a hectic day for you and you're --

Donald Trump: It is.

Ben Carson: -- and you were willing to do this and we really appreciate you, and we'll be praying for you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Ben. And thank you for what you've done. You know, God is going to save our country and you're part of it and I appreciate you very much. Thank you, Ben, very much and you take care of yourself.

Ben Carson: Take care.