Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-john-solomon-podcast-october-5-2022

John Solomon: The show -- so, we asked President Trump about his decision to go to the Supreme Court and fight out the documents, the Mar-a-Lago raid documents out at the highest court in the land. And we also asked him why he sued CNN. And he had two very, very specific answers. Listen to what he had to say.

Donald Trump: Well, with CNN, it's just like incredible. They just say anything. You know probably better than anybody, John. They'll say whatever comes to mind. They talk about the big lie. I said, well, prove the big lie. The big lie is not a big lie at all. It's the opposite. The big lie is the opposite. All the stats -- we have everything.

Donald Trump: Unfortunately, we haven't had judges that want to look at it. They don't want to change elections, et cetera. But you show us it's a big lie. They will never be able to do that. And so, we sued CNN for a lot of money, and we'll see how that goes. I think it should go very well. And the other is just a continuation of the weaponization of the Justice Department and the FBI.

Donald Trump: You know, if you look -- and you covered it brilliantly.

Donald Trump: You look at the warehouses that the Bushes have, warehouses that are totally unsecured. One of them has a broken front door. You can walk in if you want, and this is where they have all their records. And you look at the $33,000, -- 30 -- think of this. 33,000 Hillary Clinton deleted emails. You look at what happened with her husband where they lost thousands and thousands of papers and documents, and that happened with Bush, too.

Donald Trump: And you look at all of the complexities and what happened with Obama, and then they talk about us. I think we were the most secure place. You take a look at this. We were probably the most secure. So, it's a weaponization by the DOJ. And I think it's just something that has to stop. So, we -- uh, we fight that battle.

Donald Trump: I think we're doing very well in that battle, and I think the public agrees with us because you know better than anybody, my poll numbers are higher now than they ever were. So, I think the public understands what's happening.

John Solomon: So that was a really big moment in the interview, and you kind of get a sense that he's fighting something bigger than just what's over the document. He feels like he's fighting that -- this is the major pushback against politicization of the FBI and the Justice Department and the Say Anything media as he called it. And I think that that was really insightful.

John Solomon: This was more than just the technical legal disputes that are going on. He's got a bigger agenda. Now, we also asked him about Russia and Ukraine and how he'd deal with it. He had an interesting strategy saying, listen, the best way is to bleed Russia dry of its money by ramping up US gas and oil production, bringing down oil barrels to really cheap levels by the way that helps America and inflation.

John Solomon: And it kills the money flow to Vladimir Putin's war machine. Listen to what he had to say. He thought this through a lot, and you're not hearing anyone else talk this strategically about Russia. Have a listen.

Donald Trump: Energy started this whole disaster. And you take a look at energy with Ukraine, energy with -- almost everything involves energy. If you make donuts, if you make -- anything you make has to do -- and when they ended our energy -- we were energy independent. Think of this, we were energy independent. We were soon going to be energy dominant.

Donald Trump: We would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined, and I won't say times two, but pretty close to times two. We were going to supply the world, and they just ended it. It was shocking -- the shock. And that caused -- that started the rise of inflation. It also gave Putin so much money -- because remember, we had it down to $40 a barrel.

Donald Trump: When it went up to $130 a barrel, that war is very inexpensive by comparison to the kind of money he was taking in. So, that would have -- and that's another way of stopping it by the way. If you could get it down to $40 or $50 a barrel, he wouldn't be able to have the war. It would stop. Other than that, you'd have to talk to him, and you have to reason with him.

Donald Trump: But that should have never ever happened.

John Solomon: Now, we've heard a lot of different people talk about Russia's strategies in the Biden administration for more armaments to the Ukraine military, which has been very successful in pushing and routing, really, Russia out of its hair. We've had people talk about the warnings of maybe a nuclear war. Remember, Ronald Reagan once famously said -- I think it was in 1982. So, it would have been 40 years ago this year.

John Solomon: He said nuclear war can never be won. Therefore, it should never be waged. And Donald Trump doesn't want to get to a nuclear war. He has an idea when you talk to him -- he wants to put Putin into a tough position so he's in a good negotiating position, kind of like what Donald Trump did when he was in real estate and television and the presidency.

John Solomon: He likes getting leverage in the art of the deal, and you heard that in that remarkable piece of advice he had there. Now, I have one other favorite thing we want to share with you right now. This one's a big one. So, the president had a very specific recipe for dealing with all of the questions about the election.

John Solomon: And by the way, it's not about going back and overturning the 2020 election. It's about getting Americans confidence back in the election -- in the election process. And he had a very specific thing. Let's -- everybody vote by paper on the day of, except for those who absolutely can't. So, limit absentee to those who absolutely need it, but get rid of this no excuse absentee.

John Solomon: And let's just do mail, uh -- do print regular ballots like France does. And most of the countries modeled after the United States does. Listen to what the president said. It's kind of an interesting soundbite.

Donald Trump: The fake votes -- you know, I call them the fake votes start. That's the mail in ballots. We shouldn't have mail in ballots unless somebody is very, very sick or is military far away. We should go to paper ballots like they did in France. 36 million people. They had no disputes. They had no anything. There was paper ballots, and it was one day voting.

Donald Trump: They didn't store them over there in the corner, and you see the boxes moving all over the place. They didn't do that. They should go to one day voting. They should go to paper ballots, and you would have elections that everybody could be proud of because right now this country is a laughing stock all over the world.

Donald Trump: They're laughing at our stupid elections.