Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-todd-starnes-podcast-june-7-2022

Todd Starnes: I want to go right now to the Patriot Mobile Newsmaker line. We are honored to have with us President Trump. Mr. President, always good to have you with us.

Donald Trump: OK. It's great to be with you, Todd.

Todd Starnes: Uh, so, Mr. President, I want to get your take on what's been happening since Friday. You had Mike Pence coming out and taking a cheap shot at you. Then you had his chief of staff and Chris Christie coming out over the weekend. Do you feel a sense of betrayal from these guys?

Donald Trump: Well, I think in a lot of ways, they don't exactly understand the issue, and I think he never did. If you have voter fraud, if you have ballot harvesting at levels like nobody's ever seen -- and that's about to be released. You know that. There are numbers that are not even believable. They're so big. But even before this that's coming out -- and you see what's happening with it. People are starting to talk about it, but this is on tape.

Donald Trump: This is video. This is pictures. This is everything 100 percent. But even before that, you had, in many cases more votes than you had voters, uh, little things like that. Uh, you had ballot harvesting. You had many, many affidavits from many, many, many people. Thousands of people saying what went on in the various, in particular, the swing states.

Donald Trump: So, if you know that there's something wrong, if you know as an example that in certain states you had more votes than you had voters, then I think you have an obligation to send it back to the legislatures. And I never said turn it over as Thomas Jefferson did. By the way, Thomas Jefferson kept the votes.

Donald Trump: Uh, Mike Pence said he'll send it to the Old Crow, Mitch McConnell, where it just sat. Can you imagine Schumer doing that. If Schumer ever was in that position, he would have never allowed this to happen. He would have never allowed a race that was so corrupt and so horrible, and now is found out to be -- because you take a look at the five states, you take a look at other states, see what's going on there.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what's happening in Arizona, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. Take a look at what's happening -- what should be happening in Georgia. Take a look at what's going on in these states, and you'll see something like nobody can believe. So, if you know something's wrong or even possibly wrong, even possibly wrong, wouldn't you send it back to the legislatures of those states?

Donald Trump: Please check this and get back to us immediately. That's all they had to do. And the very, very interesting thing -- you know, I say, are they supposed to be a conveyor belt that votes whether they're correct or incorrect or there's major doubt about -- uh, you're going to be conveyor belt and convey it right in for somebody to really destroy our nation.

Donald Trump: Because look at what's happened to our country, Todd. In the last short period of time, there has never been destruction to a country -- to our country like this. You could add up the five worst presidents in history, and they don't even come close to what this guy has done in a period of one year. So, look at what they've done.

Donald Trump: But very simply, if you think there was fraud or irregularities, you can send that back to have their legislatures check. It wouldn't take long. Please get right back to us. But the interesting part is, when this was all happening, you and everybody else heard something, and the something that you heard was that we cannot do it, that the vice president is not allowed under any circumstances, no matter how bad it was, no matter how fraudulent it was, no matter what you found or will find, the vice president has no say.

Donald Trump: Now, remember this. I didn't say turn over the election. I said send it back. I want you to send it back. I recommend it strongly for verification to the legislatures. But when you heard that he had no choice, he couldn't do anything, OK. That's fine. How come Susan Collins and Murkowski, the RINOs and how come all of the Democrats are working so hard to change the law to stop the vice president in the future from doing it? So, if he had no choice but to do it, how come they want a law change saying that he can no longer do it? And that was supposed to be foolproof.

Donald Trump: They were saying he has absolutely no right under any circumstances to do it, and yet they're working, Todd, full time right now -- they're working full time to try and change the law so the vice president in the future can't do it. And, uh, I say that to anybody that listens -- and when they uh, when they hear it, they agree.

Donald Trump: Most agreed anyway. You know, many people agreed anyway. If you think there's something wrong, you should send it back to the legislature. And that's what we were talking about, sending it back to the legislature. Now, again, it was a long time ago. Thomas Jefferson -- uh, there was a big dispute in Georgia.

Donald Trump: He kept the votes for him and his president. He kept the votes. Mike chose not to do it. But remember this final little statement. Very simply put, he had no right to do it according to all of these people, Democrats and RINOs. He had no right to do it. OK. So, why are they changing the law? Why are they working so feverishly right now and changing the law so that they take away his right to do it? So, they're saying he did in fact have the right to do it, otherwise they wouldn't be changing the law or trying to.

Todd Starnes: It's a fair question, Mr. President, and one that deserves an answer. I want to switch gears real quick. You have been warning Americans for years about the cancel culture mob. They came after Joe Rogan with such ferocity, um, and, uh, and they're trying to get this guy erased even the president of the United States, Joe Biden, uh, weighing in, the White House weighing in and -- and wanting Spotify to cancel Joe Rogan.

Todd Starnes: Do you stand with Joe?

Donald Trump: I stand with Joe. I stand with free speech. I stand with fair elections. I stand with strong borders. Look at what's happening to our country. We have millions and millions of people pouring into our country. We have no idea where they come from, what they stand for. We have terrorists coming into our country.

Donald Trump: We'll be paying a big price over the years. We have prisoners. They're emptying their prisons into our country. We have no borders whatsoever, and our elections are corrupt. No voter ID. When they fight for no voter ID, what do you think that means? They fight -- we don't want voter ID. We will not approve anything with voter ID. There's only one reason they do that because they are defrauding the people of this country from a fair and free election.

Donald Trump: Why wouldn't somebody want voter ID? In other words, you're going to vote, and we want to see voter ID. We want a picture or whatever is necessary for voter ID. And interestingly, when the Democrats had their national convention, they had very large pictures of themselves before they could get in. You wouldn't get in -- you couldn't get in no matter who you were unless you had voter ID -- unless you had an ID -- identification -- they called it an identification card, which was strong with a big picture, a picture the size of your chest.

Donald Trump: And if you didn't do that, you couldn't get into the Democrat National Convention. But when it comes to voting, they don't want that. All they want is mail in voting because it's corrupt.

Todd Starnes: On the Patriot Mobile Newsmaker line is President Trump. Uh, Mr. President, Stacey Abrams making some news. Uh, she was photographed without wearing a face mask, all these children in this classroom surrounding her. They had to wear the masks. And we've seen this play out with, you know, Gavin Newsom, Eric Garcetti, London Breed, the mayor of San Francisco, this double standard that's out there, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: It's a double standard. I think she's going to be beaten by David Perdue. I think David Perdue -- I'm hearing that he's doing really well in Georgia. They're very angry with the secretary of state. They're very angry with the governor of Georgia for allowing that election to take place. It was corrupt, and people are now seeing it. And now with the ballot harvesting coming out, hopefully they'll be doing something about that because the ballot harvesting -- the illegal ballot harvesting -- which they now have on tape.

Donald Trump: So, it's not like, oh, gee, this happened. No, it's on tape with, uh, with moving tape and with live silent tape. They have every form of picture you can have every form of technology. They took pictures of these guys with the votes because they couldn't get paid unless they had a picture with them on the votes stuffing the ballot boxes.

Donald Trump: So, they have everything, and people are very upset in Georgia because we won Georgia by a lot. Georgia was not even close. Georgia is a red state, and we won it. It's a red state unless they cheat, and it will be very interesting to see whether or not the secretary of state -- and hopefully he will whether or not he gets involved with a ballot harvesting that's just been released.

Donald Trump: True to vote. Just been released -- just being released. I guess it really comes out over the next few weeks. But these are hundreds of hours of tapes of people cheating with thousands and thousands of ballots, numbers that are, uh, massive actually. It's a massive voter fraud on our country.

Todd Starnes: How -- how concerned are you, Mr. President, about the redistricting efforts? I know you've -- you put out a statement a few days ago, very concerned. And what do the Republicans need to be doing?

Donald Trump: Well, if you look at New York as an example, they're going to pick up four seats probably because of the way they redistricted. And the way they redistricted is -- is violent, vicious, and otherwise would be called a joke. And even The New York Times did an editorial about the fact that this is a terrible thing that the Democrats are doing.

Donald Trump: They're going to pick up four seats whereas they would have had none. That's in one location. And they have other locations also. So, they're redistricting, and they fight a very strong battle in terms of elections. And frankly, uh, their policies are no good. Defund the police, sanctuary cities, no voter ID, all of these things, higher taxes, weak military.

Donald Trump: I mean, they have the worst policy, but they know how to cheat on elections. That's their strength. That's the only thing they do. They cheat on elections, and it's a terrible thing for our country.

Todd Starnes: You know Mr. President, our time is quickly expiring here, and, uh, one of, uh -- there was a minister who wrote in and said, Todd, we want you to tell President Trump that there are many, many people of faith that are praying for the president. And how can people do that, Mr. President? Is there -- I mean, how can they support you and pray for you?

Donald Trump: Well, they can send money because these people are well financed, and it's make America great again. Make America great again PAC. Uh, and it's, uh, it's doing well. But whatever they send would be great. But we're fighting for religion. We're fighting for exactly what you're talking about. We fight for life.

Donald Trump: We fight for things that people aren't -- they don't fight like they used to or maybe they never fought before. I don't know. But we're fighting for the country because our country is in trouble. We have corrupt politicians, and we have people that are using law enforcement for political purposes. It's a disgrace what they're doing.

Donald Trump: Uh, nobody's ever seen anything like it. Never like this. And what they're doing I just don't think is going to be sustainable or allowed. I just don't think it can be allowed. So, make a great -- make America great again, uh, PAC. And if they did that, that'd be great. And I will only tell you this. I'm fighting very hard for you.

Donald Trump: We've never had better poll numbers. My poll numbers are through the roof both the primary polls -- I'm the highest I've ever been. And also the general election polls against Biden and against Harris. They're very strong. But, you know, how could they possibly be strong on the other side after Afghanistan?

Donald Trump: As an example, I think that the lowest point in the history of our country in terms of embarrassment was the way we pulled out of Afghanistan, and I'm the one that got it down to 2,000 troops. I got us there. But we were going to pull out with strength and dignity, and we were going to take our equipment with us, and we would have had no debt.

Donald Trump: We lost 13, but we had horrible, horrible injuries of so many more. And, uh, it's -- I think it was the lowest point in my opinion in the history of our country. And it's having an impact right now. Russia doesn't have any respect for us or our leader. Uh, China has no respect for us or our leader. And, you know, the Afghanistan -- the way they did that leaving $85 billion worth of equipment behind, dead soldiers, and leaving hostages.

Donald Trump: Hostages, I mean, to this day, we have people there. They don't know how to get them out. They don't know how they're going to get them out.

Todd Starnes: It's true.

Donald Trump: And they're in great danger.

Todd Starnes: Well, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: The way they did that was horrible. There was no -- you know, in my administration for 18 months, we -- not one soldier was killed or even shot at because they understood you can't do that.

Todd Starnes: That's true.

Donald Trump: So, it's a very sad time for our country.

Todd Starnes: Well, Mr. President, we always appreciate you coming on the program. You've got a lot of supporters all over America, and you know that. And honestly, you need another hat, though, one that says Trump was right all along. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: We were right about a lot of things.

Todd Starnes: Yes, you were.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Todd.

Todd Starnes: All right. Thanks, Mr. President. All right, ladies and gentlemen, that's Donald Trump from Mar-a-Lago, and we appreciate the President coming on the --