Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-interview-sara-carter-podcast-july-28-2022

Sara Carter: And now, the interview you've all been waiting for, the 45th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. So, I'm going to start right off at the top, Mr. President. You know, the FBI and DOJ, you've described them as swamp monsters. We see they're at it again with the news that The Washington Post is reporting that they are trying to make you a target, a direct target of their investigation.

Sara Carter: What's your response to that Washington Post story?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know about it, I haven't heard about it until yesterday. We've received nothing and somebody leaked -- I think I probably know who the leakers are, leakers from within, but you know who the leakers are too, but they leaked something and maybe it's not. Maybe it's just made up by the Washington Post.

Donald Trump: But we've done absolutely nothing wrong. We have the cleanest record there are -- what we're doing, and as you know, better than anybody, we're fighting for -- against this horrible election fraud and all of the things that are taking place in our country. So, it's an amazing thing. They can rig and steal an election.

Donald Trump: And the people that are looking for the truth and for what happened, they're the ones that get investigated. It's a disgrace and I don't -- personally, I don't think the country is going to stand for it. They've been putting up with it --

Sara Carter: Does it --

Donald Trump: -- for a long time.

Sara Carter: Yes, sir. Does it blow your mind that you can't even discuss election integrity or that the American people feel that they cannot discuss election integrity in this day and age without being ostracized by a media that appears to be in the pockets of the Biden administration and -- and the left?

Donald Trump: Well, we're not being ostracized and we're not being investigated. You challenged the election -- it's all about the election, because they think they got away with something and they don't want to talk about it because the people talk about it. They understand. You probably saw that I'm suing -- a big suit was announced today that I'll be suing CNN for a lot of money and we're going to sue other media outlets too, big ones and a lot of them, for the election fraud, for the term big lie because there wasn't a big lie.

Donald Trump: You know better than anybody, all of the things -- you look at Wisconsin with the nursing homes and many other things and you see what's going on there. You look at Arizona. You look at all of these states are finding so many things and determinative things. So, we filed a suit or we will be filing very shortly.

Donald Trump: But it was announced just a little while ago about -- against CNN. They used the word, "the big lie." The big lie is the opposite. It's them. So, we'll see what happens, but we haven't heard anything about that. We know nothing about it. We did nothing wrong.

Sara Carter: Going over the -- the years that you and I and I've worked on the number of stories, you know with John Solomon and with Sean Hannity covering the Russia gate, the Russia scandal, the facts that have come out with the fact that Christopher Steele and his dodgy, lied, made up dossier, the fact that they targeted everyone around you, including yourself and your family.

Sara Carter: That it -- it was proven that the FBI was spying on you. Do you believe that it is time to revamp the bureaucracy? Is the bureaucracy so -- so overrun by the swamp that the only way to clean it is to change it up from the inside out?

Donald Trump: Well, something has to happen, it can't go on like this. We talk about and you used the word "disinformation." They have two terms, disinformation and misinformation, but essentially they're the same thing. And that's all these people are good at. They go Russia, Russia, Russia and everyone's talking about it for two years.

Donald Trump: And it turns out to be a hoax perpetrated by the Democrats, crooked Hillary Clinton, and dealing with Russia. How about that? And then they have the impeachment hoax, number one, impeachment, hoax, number two. They have the Mueller scam. That was a report ended up in non-collusion, no collusion whatsoever.

Donald Trump: And you just say, "What is going on?" and now you have this January 6th thing where the lies, think of it, where they say I -- in the car. I was choking a -- a -- a Secret service agent, OK? And now, it's turned out that that's a total scam because you saw the stuff that just came out by also the great Mollie Hemingway.

Donald Trump: She's fantastic.

Sara Carter: Fantastic, yes, she is.

Donald Trump: She just wrote a great -- she just wrote a great story about it and how that was a total hoax and so many lies, so many lies and I don't think -- I don't think it can -- really can continue to go on like this. The people aren't taking it. They're not going to take it.

Sara Carter: Well, it damages the American people. You talk about lies and you're right. Mollie Hemingway is fantastic. I love The Federalist. I was looking at a story there and I actually posted yesterday the letter sent by Senator Grassley where he revealed that news broke that the FBI was falsely labeling intelligence and credible evidence against Hunter Biden as -- as you say, disinformation in order to shut down an investigation into Hunter Biden before the 2020 presidential election.

Sara Carter: Isn't this FBI and DOJ interference? I mean first they lie about you and then they cover up for Biden?

Donald Trump: Well, by not allowing that to come out before the -- because as you know, they wouldn't let it come -- to come out, but by not allowing it to come out, they said it made a 17-point difference. But it didn't matter. You know, I got millions and millions more votes the second time than I did the first, the whole thing.

Donald Trump: If we don't have borders and if we don't have free and fair elections, we don't have a country, Sara. You know that better than anybody. You've done a great job. And when I see them giving the Pulitzer Prizes based on their reporting on Russia and then Russia turns out to be a total hoax, even admitted. You see Bret Stephens admitted it in the New York Times.

Donald Trump: The Washington --

Sara Carter: Correct.

Donald Trump: -- Post admitted it. So, why are they keeping their Pulitzer Prizes? And why isn't Pulitzer demanding those prizes back? Because it was a total hoax. So, that will be another thing that we're working on, one of many.

Sara Carter: Well, that's interesting because that -- is that part of the lawsuits? I mean the fact that there's a continuing precedence of lying against you and against your presidency, and even at this point with the January 6th Committee, we see a -- do you have a response to Liz Cheney, to the January 6th Committee?

Sara Carter: I mean, we're -- we're seeing this kind of like this theater again in Washington, this idea that they keep trying to push that there was this massive insurrection. Do you have a message to them? Can you make a statement?

Donald Trump: Yes, I'll make a statement. They ought to investigate the election fraud. You know, the people came to Washington because of a -- an election that they felt was rigged and stolen. And nobody investigates the reason that they came, because that was the reason they went. And I believe it was the largest group I've ever spoken before.

Donald Trump: And that wasn't me. That was a whole group of people that started that, you know, having a day. It was a protest. It was basically a protest.

Sara Carter: Correct.

Donald Trump: But then when you look at Antifa and you look at Black Lives Matter and you see the destruction they've done in Seattle and in Portland and in Minnesota and all these different places, and they do nothing, absolutely nothing. It's disgraceful. And it's disgraceful the way they've treated a lot of these people that should not be -- they're being persecuted.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're firemen, they're policemen, they're soldiers and they've been persecuted and they've done nothing to these other people that have actually caused death. You know, one person died on January 6th and the name was Ashli Babbitt.

Sara Carter: Ashli Babbitt, that is correct.

Donald Trump: What a -- what a disgrace the way they're handling it. And the country is very angry about it, I can tell you that.

Sara Carter: Well, you know, it never occurred to me until I was working on the stories that affected you and your presidency that the United States of America, that our system, the FBI as well as the DOJ and our other agencies, would be operating in the similar fashion -- as against a political opponent, that they were weaponized against a political opponent.

Sara Carter: Much like when I would travel to Pakistan or overseas into Central America where you saw corruption so overtly. I mean it -- I think it was stunning if anything, Mr. President, you opened the American people's eyes to what was actually happening in Washington DC.

Donald Trump: Yes, I think so, and there's never been weaponization like what we've seen lately. There's never been anything like it. And the reason is they want to stop talking about the election. They don't want people to look at the facts. And even the judges were afraid to look. You know, they'd -- they'd dismiss it on not on the facts, on some legal technicality.

Donald Trump: Now you look at what's happening in Wisconsin where -- with the nursing homes where they have thousands and thousands of votes, determinative and many other things. Wisconsin is going wild. Arizona is going wild. A lot of people are being elected because of it, because of the election fraud of 2020. Look at Mo Brooks.

Donald Trump: As soon as he got off that --

Sara Carter: Right.

Donald Trump: -- subject, he lost a 54 point lead. It's a very big thing. And what that Unselect Committee, as I call it, and I call it that and nobody even challenges it. But it's a totally partisan committee. What that committee should be doing, Sara, is looking at the election fraud, because that's why everybody was there.

Donald Trump: That was the reason for it. And the people of this country have not forgotten. If anything, there's a bigger chance about what happened in 2020. And it's certainly -- that chance is high because of how bad our country's are -- the inflation, the military, the Afghan withdrawal where we're giving $85 billion --

Sara Carter: Correct.

Donald Trump: -- and losing lives and everything else. all of the things -- and the open border where millions of people are flowing into our country and we have no idea where they're even from. We have no idea where they're coming from. We know nothing about them and it's going to cause problems into the future like you wouldn't believe.

Donald Trump: So, with all of this --

Sara Carter: Well, I can --

Donald Trump: - the country's angry. And the January 6th Unselect Committee should be spending 95 percent of their time on a thing called the election and the fraud that took place. And they spend no time.

Sara Carter: And election integrity. Yes, exactly. And election integrity --

Donald Trump: Yes, they spend no time on it.

Sara Carter: -- is what people are talking about all the time. Every time I travel, I'm here in Oklahoma, I'm on the ground here. I was out with Governor Stitt on -- on the ranch lands. You know, when I'm traveling, I hear from people. They're concerned about the election. They're concerned about the midterms.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sara Carter: They're concerned about 2024 and the future of our country. One of the questions I wanted to ask you, President Trump, is you were very hard on China. You were all about America first, putting -- bringing back manufacturing jobs to America, giving incentives to businesses here in our country. And now we're seeing reports coming out everywhere.

Sara Carter: And I know that your administration was on the ball with this. You were actually looking into this, that China has purchased, I mean, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of acres of land, near sensitive military installations here in the United States, agricultural land, farm land. They control a lot of what is being produced as far as PPE still, and as well as like our antibiotics and others.

Sara Carter: Can you address that issue and what -- what needs to be done?

Donald Trump: So, we took a very tough stance on Huawei and all of these tech companies coming in and we made it impossible for them. In fact, they almost went out of business and now they're coming in, in spades. They'll be able to read everything and see everything that they want to see near military bases. And on top of it, you know, I charged them hundreds of billions of dollars worth of tariffs and taxes.

Donald Trump: And it really shut them down with regard to steel, and you know, I saved the steel industry. I understand that the Biden administration is going to be dropping those tariffs on China. And if they do that, China is going to own the United States. We had -- we had great success. No president has ever taken in $0.10 from China.

Donald Trump: I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. I gave $28 billion to the farmers because of the way they were mistreated by China. Now, it's very sad what's happening and it looks like China is ruling us.

Sara Carter: And -- and now China is emboldened even further. We see Nancy Pelosi, it leaked that she is planning a trip to Taiwan. China is basically demanding that she not go to Taiwan. I mean the House Speaker, and a lot of people say, "Well, we didn't want her going there anyways to representing us," but now that China's made that statement, what do you think House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi should do? Do you think the Biden administration should cower to China or should they let her go?

Donald Trump: She should have never done it in the first place, because it wasn't her place. She does nothing but cause trouble. But now that she's done it and now that she's made the statement, she has to go. But she should have never gotten involved in the first place. She's only trouble. I think she's totally a whack job.

Donald Trump: She's crazy, but she should never have done it. It's trouble, but she should have to do it. Now that she's announced that she's going, she has to do it.

Sara Carter: And if she doesn't, does that just show -- I mean, do you think that -- I mean, Russia, China, our adversaries, Iran, North Korea, are they just looking at Biden and saying, "You know what? We could pretty much do whatever we want." I mean, we see --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sara Carter: -- Russia going into Ukraine. We see what's happening in China. Is -- is that -- is that what is going on here?

Donald Trump: That's what's happening. It would have never happened with Russia and Ukraine if I were the president. And I will tell you, if that election wasn't rigged and stolen, you would have had no deaths. You would have had no problems. You would have had no war at all. Even without a negotiation between Russia and Ukraine.

Donald Trump: I knew that very well. I knew -- I -- I predicted everything. I predicted practically I think every single thing from gas prices to Ukraine. I said it was going to happen. Putin wanted it. He was never going to do it during my administration, no chance. Same thing with President Xi of China, he was never going to go into Taiwan.

Donald Trump: Never. It was never, ever going to happen. And now if you look, he's getting closer and closer by the day. No, that's what's happening. They have no respect for our country. They have no respect for our president and all they're good at is misinformation and you know, politicizing. All they -- what they're doing with the weaponization.

Donald Trump: That's all they're good at. That's all they seem to know how to do. If they devoted the same genius to running our country and to making decent either relationships, deals, whatever you want to call it, with other countries, nobody could beat us. But that's all they're good at. That's all they know how to do: cheat on elections.

Sara Carter: Not even just the idea of like how -- how the -- the election -- dealing with election integrity here in the United States, but the fact that we have so many resources here in the United States, especially our gas and our oil. And right now, we've got Biden begging, begging the Saudis, begging other nations, putting China first, putting Russia first.

Sara Carter: And instead of using the resources that we have here in America, what -- that's what you were going to do. That's what you were doing with the pipeline. That's what you were doing with -- as -- as far as becoming the energy giant, again. What happens if we don't get back to that place? I mean because we still have roughly three more years of President Biden.

Donald Trump: So, we were energy independent. We were becoming energy dominant. We would have been double the size of China of -- double the size of Saudi Arabia. Think of this, of Saudi Arabia, of Venezuela. You could add anyone else. In fact, Russia, if you added all three of them up, how about this? We're going to Saudi Arabia.

Donald Trump: We're going to Venezuela to ask Venezuela for oil, but if you look at Venezuela, Saudi Arabia and Russia, we would have been bigger than all three. We were dominant. We were going to be super-dominant, I called it, and we were on the track. And now, we're begging for oil. And in the meantime, the prices have gone through -- the prices have gone through the absolute roof and they're going to continue and they're going to go higher all because of the Green New Deal nonsense.

Donald Trump: Green New Deal is not powerful enough to even fire up 20 percent of our businesses, 20 percent of our great plants all over the nation. It'll be like Germany. You saw Germany. They wanted to go green and they went green and they almost went out of business. Now, they're going back to coal and they're going back to nuclear.

Sara Carter: Right.

Donald Trump: To see these people go to Saudi Arabia, to go to Venezuela, and ask for oil and we have more liquid gold under our feet than they do.

Sara Carter: Right here in Oklahoma, we've got a ton of it. I mean --

Donald Trump: Yes, and I love Oklahoma.

Sara Carter: -- probably the most in the country.

Donald Trump: You know, Oklahoma --

Sara Carter: I do, too.

Donald Trump: -- I won 77 out of 77 counties, districts. Seventy -- all 77. Ronald Reagan won 56. That was pretty good. I won 77 out of 77.

Sara Carter: They love you here.

Donald Trump: Yes, well, I love them, too.

Sara Carter: Well -- well, let me ask you this because your Straw Poll, the recent Straw Poll at Turning Point, by the way your speech was brilliant at Turning Point --

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Sara Carter: -- shows you at -- oh, you're welcome, sir. Shows you at 79 percent, 79 percent on that recent Straw Poll. And you know, everybody, the rumblings across the country are -- I mean they're -- they're talking about you, President Trump. They are talking --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sara Carter: -- about 45, maybe 47? Anything you want to talk about on that -- on that end?

Donald Trump: No, just common sense. It's like, you know, I mentioned a lot of things that were strong, but true with, you know, the drug dealers and all. They kill thousands of people. Each one of them kills thousands of people. And the only way, if you look all over the world, and I have, the only countries that don't have a drug problem are the countries that do the death penalty for drug dealers.

Donald Trump: You look at Singapore, you look at China, you look at others, no drug problem, none whatsoever. And I mentioned that and I mentioned a lot of strong things. If you did that -- you know, if you ever enacted that, you'd lose 50 percent of your drug stuff in, I would say, 50 percent the following moment, the following minute, without doing anything.

Donald Trump: So, we have to --

Sara Carter: Let's talk --

Donald Trump: -- you know, I mentioned that some people thought it was controversial. I said, "What's controversial? When each drug dealer kills hundreds and hundreds of people during the course of that dealer's life, what's controversial about it?"

Sara Carter: Well, what about targeting the biggest drug cartels, the ones that are actually bringing in and mixing the fentanyl and putting it together as --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sara Carter: -- what about labeling them terrorist organizations?

Donald Trump: Well, I did. And you know, we did -- we had it down and what we did was really great was we had a very strong border and drugs were down. The drug stuff was down more than it's been in 34 years, and we were just getting started. But we had the strongest border in the history -- think of this, the strongest border in the history of our country, recorded history of our country.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like it and all they had to do is leave it alone and it was fixing itself. It was getting better. It was tough to get in. Human traffickers couldn't get in. And drugs were having a hard time getting in, Sara. We had the best --

Sara Carter: Right.

Donald Trump: -- numbers on drugs in years, decades, and then these guys come in and they say, "Let's open it up." Now, drugs are ten times greater than they were two years ago. Think of it. And the -- the people --

Sara Carter: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: -- coming through, I believe it's 15 million people in one year. I believe it's 15. It's not 3 or 4. I believe it's 15 million people. That's the size of New York State.

Sara Carter: That's just incredible and I actually believe those numbers are wrong as well, President Trump. I think those numbers are much greater, much in the range which you're --

Donald Trump: A hundred percent.

Sara Carter: -- you're talking about right now. Well, do you think President Trump, let me ask you before I let you go because I know I'm -- I'm -- I'm taking a lot of your time here. But I think it's important and I -- I know that my listeners and that the American people want to hear from you, because there's a lot of concern right now across the country that everything that the Biden administration has been doing, particularly we see the policy.

Sara Carter: The policy is to create chaos at the border. I've seen it with my own eyes. I've never seen anything quite like it, and they don't want to change it. They're purposefully making it worse. And the policies in our nation are the opposite of putting America first. In fact, many people would say this is putting America last.

Sara Carter: And I think that the American people are terrified of where this is going. Of where this -- do you believe that the Biden administration is purposefully, purposefully creating this chaos? And if so, why? And what can be done to stop this? I mean really, this is about the future of our country.

Donald Trump: So, when you see open borders, I don't care who you are, doesn't make any difference, when you see open borders, there's only one reason that you could have it. People are stupid, but I don't believe that they're stupid. The other reason, if you look at a reason or whatever, is that they hate our country.

Donald Trump: And I don't think they're stupid, because in a certain way, they're very cunning people. You understand that. When you watch what they do on election fraud, when you watch what they do on a lot of things, when you watch the disinformation where they say, "Oh, this is Russia having to do with a laptop," which is there for everyone to see.

Donald Trump: It was Russia -- Russian disinformation. And then immediately after the election, they said, "Oh, we were wrong about that. It wasn't Russian disinformation," and they admitted it. It was a hoax. It was just -- and it made a 17-point difference. Think of that, according to the pollsters, as you know. So, perhaps they hate our country because it's not possible that anybody can think that open borders or how about this?

Donald Trump: Voter ID? They don't want -- they fight so hard against Voter ID. Now, why would somebody not want Voter ID -- Voter Identification? There's only one reason. Because they want to cheat in elections. That's the only reason. There's no other reason, and yet they fight.

Sara Carter: And --

Donald Trump: And even the Democrats, 82 percent want Voter ID, but the politicians don't want it. The only reason is because they cheat in elections. They want to continue to cheat.

Sara Carter: Do you ever think we're going to get to the truth, sir, about what happened during the elections? Do you ever think anybody will be held responsible?

Donald Trump: I do, actually. I do. There's some very brave people and they're trying to be, not only silenced but investigated. No, but think of it, the people that rigged the election, no problem. The people that want the truth for the good of the country, they're under investigation. You think about that. It's a very, very sad time for our country.

Donald Trump: But I don't think the people are going to stand for it, because people understand it far more so than they did a year ago.

Sara Carter: Hypothetically, if -- let's say you had the opportunity to -- even if you look back on -- on your presidency or even in the future, would it be different? Would -- would -- would the system need to be gutted out? I mean, we see so many people on the inside that we -- that are -- that are working against what would be America First policies.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sara Carter: And we've seen, like you said, a lot of -- a lot of people leaking important information or classified information or operating outside the bounds of what their duties are in the -- in the intelligence community. We saw it with John Brennan. We saw with Clapper. We saw what was happening. Would it be different a second time around?

Donald Trump: It would be different in the sense that number one, we've seen so much. We've learned so much. I had unbelievable people in my administration. We rebuilt the military. We got rid of --

Sara Carter: Correct.

Donald Trump: -- ISIS. We did things that nobody thought were even possible. Got the biggest tax cuts in history, regulation cuts and [Inaudible]. We've done more than any -- I mean if you look at other administrations, it's not even close what we've accomplished. Despite all of that, I wish we had somebody that was better as attorney general.

Donald Trump: I had sessions and I had Barr. Barr was --

Sara Carter: Right.

Donald Trump: -- a person that was absolutely disgraceful. He was afraid of being impeached and he was afraid to go after the election fraud. He was just afraid. He was so afraid. He was not -- I don't want to say he wasn't a patriot, but he was a coward. In the truest sense of the word, Bill Barr was a coward. and it's a shame because that's what should have happened and he didn't have the courage to do it. But you know, over the course of four years, I got to know great people and we had great people there.

Donald Trump: Nobody wants to write about them and I understand that. But we had some people that didn't do their job. One of them was Bill Barr, I will tell you that. He should have done -- he was a coward. He was afraid of being impeached. The Democrats, if you remember, Pelosi and the group, they were going to impeach him.

Donald Trump: and he didn't want to be -- and how do you not get impeached? Say, "Oh no, the election was just beautiful." It's a disgrace, but I think very few people have done the job we did with all of that and with all of the fake investigations. Everything was a fake. Everything was disinformation. It was all a big fake.

Donald Trump: And with all of that, I did more than just about any president in the history of the country. You look at all of the things, even Space Force. Think of it, rebuilt. I rebuilt our entire military. They gave away 85 billion of it to the Taliban, but that's a tiny fraction compared to what I built. And we did --

Sara Carter: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: -- such a great job, but some people I -- I could have done without.

Sara Carter: Well, Director Wray for one of them, I think was -- was -- was an interesting character and you know -- and also, looking at -- with Bill Barr. I mean from the very beginning, I -- I remember thinking, "Oh, here's a guy that's going to actually make a difference." And then I just felt like he was a liar, that he was coming out and saying one thing and doing something behind the scenes altogether different.

Sara Carter: And -- and I thought that was --

Donald Trump: Sara, he was afraid like -- he was afraid of being impeached. He was going to be impeached. They were all talking. They didn't even know why they were going to impeach him. He did nothing wrong. They were going to impeach him.

Sara Carter: But just the threat.

Donald Trump: And how did -- oh, no. Well, that was more than a threat. I mean, there was a period of time when it looked like he was going to be impeached. All of a sudden, he starts saying the election was so wonderful. And as soon as they said that, the last person in the world that they would have impeached would have been him.

Donald Trump: Because look, it's all about what took place during the election, during that period, because the evidence is there. It's massive. If you read the lawsuit against CNN and you'll read the lawsuit against many other media companies, because they were all participants in this. When you read the lawsuit and you see the fraud, because we spell out the fraud, and this is big numbers.

Donald Trump: This is a -- a -- you know, we're talking about big numbers. And you understand that better than anybody, because nobody covered -- you, John Solomon, Sean Hannity, I mean, there are a certain group of people. You talk about Pulitzer Prize, you and Solomon and all these guys, I guess they don't give them for Hannity's position, but he should get one too, but the people that called it, Sara, the people that -- because you're right.

Donald Trump: If you look at it, they got nothing. And all these people do is they go on to the next hoax. They go on now to January 6th and you look at Cheney how bad she is. She's like 30 or 35 points down.

Sara Carter: Well, and we're seeing right now actually the Supreme Court in Wisconsin with the ballot boxes, you're being proven right. You know, they're saying the drop boxes are illegal in Wisconsin. That's coming --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Sara Carter: -- from the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: Yes. Look, I won it --

Sara Carter: Correct.

Donald Trump: -- last time and I won it by more this time. It's incredible what's happened in Wisconsin, even more incredible what's happening in other states. And you know, the problem is that people are afraid because they're worried about what's going to happen in '22 and '24.

Sara Carter: Well, last question, sir. Your message to the American people, there's a lot of -- I mean everyone who listens to this show is a huge supporter of you. The majority of people that listen to me, everyone that I talk to, what is President Trump's message to us now that we're here in this mess right now under Biden?

Sara Carter: And with the midterms coming up and with the 2024 presidential elections, I mean, that's -- it's really just around the corner. What would your message be to them?

Donald Trump: There has never been a time where our country's so low. There has never been a time where our country's been so disrespected as now. There has never been anything like it with inflation, with the economy, with our military looking so bad and so weak and so pathetic. And yet, just before that, I defeated 100 percent of ISIS, the ISIS caliphate.

Donald Trump: What I'm saying is we will make America great again. We did it twice, because I did it before the plague came in from China, and I did it after. In fact after, the stock market was actually higher. He took the residue of what I had and played that for six months and then it all started crashing. You know, it doesn't just happen that day, but it happened.

Donald Trump: We will make America great again. We just hold out hope. Hold out hope, and get out and vote because the upcoming midterms are very important, and frankly, most important of all is the presidency in two years. Don't forget, Sara, I used to say, "Oh, four years, four years." And we went through all of this stuff.

Donald Trump: But four years. Well, now it's two years. Two years doesn't sound so long. Four years sounded like --

Sara Carter: No.

Donald Trump: -- a long time, but there's never been somebody -- there's never been -- been a president who's done the kind of destruction that's taken place in the last two years. It's incredible. Hold on. We will make America great again.

Sara Carter: And it will take a great president to follow that and to make America strong again and make America great again. I'll be seeing you at CPAC, sir, in Dallas, Texas.

Donald Trump: Oh, good.

Sara Carter: I'll be there August 4th through the 7th. I keep telling everybody to get their tickets. And thank you so much Mr. President for this interview. I -- I appreciate your time more than you know, and I have the utmost respect for you and everything you have done for our country. You are a true patriot and an -- an amazing and wonderful human being.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Sara, and I have great respect for you. You know that, and keep up the good work. Thank you very much.